McIntosh looked at a video game once, maybe even stood by a gamer for a fraction of a second, so that makes him an expert on every video game ever.
Your comment assumes McIntosh actually played it. Far more likely he just saw Geralt and made up his all about it. Now what is it called when you judge someone based solely on physical apprences?
Mainstream Christians are exceedingly lucky that their religion is so old we don't have police records, or any records for that matter, of their founder to discredit their holy book's claims.
My problem with DayZ and its ilk is what do you do in them? Like in Minecraft you can have fun playing it by yourself constructing stuff while the world blows it up, and it's very nature allows you to build whatever you can imagine. But DayZ you just wander around and fuck with other players. There's no sense of completion or accomplishment that you get from beating a solid single player game or teaming up to take down an epic raid boss. In fact thanks to a combination of early-access, public betas, and content patches, online games have entered this weird, nebulous space where they are never finished and are never technically out. I mean Warframe was playable for almost two years before it went gold. I had been playing MechWarrior Online for five months before being invited to their launch party.
Eugh. Don't these shitlords know that langue is meaningless and that we can pineapple race car driver whatever we flamimgolope?
Buzzwords, combine and form Privilegcon, the most powerful Transformer.
That's because scientists are too busy doing, you know, science.
Also nachos con queso are banned for being too Jewish.
Because the cockney accent on small Asian women with purple anime hair.
Chinese people in this case are already an American minority so under the arbitrary and subjective rules of social justice a story exclusively about Chinese people is more diverse than a story about white people.
It's easy to fight to the death when the no one else is interested in killing you.
I'm talking about the false bravado of it all.
No that's actually black face.
So I had this idea for an RPG (and I know John Carmack had this idea too before Romero got a hold of it) that has you level down instead of level up. So you start out as an unstoppable, overpowered badass with more abilities and spells then you know what to do with, which is the end point of every RPG. But, probably for story reasons, at various points throughout the game you have to give up powers at regular intervals, your delevels. The idea is that players build a character to their play style by getting rid of all the abilities they don't like and keeping the ones they do. Not only does this change the way we think about game and RPG design but it would solve the problem many RPGs suffer from where the beginning of the game is brutal and the ending is a breeze.
The only thing that bothers me about this is their smug sense of self-satisfaction they have from thinking they're pissing people off when really no one cares.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the Far Cry games. Open world FPS with, as of the last two, basic but necessary RPG and crafting elements with a strong focus on the single-player narrative experience. And each game tries to do something new and different.
From what I've seen with Pagan Min it looks like they're just doing Vaas again because that's what people liked the most about Far Cry 3. But the thing is that Vaas was a happy accident, the guy who plays him came in and did such a great performance that they gave Vaas a stronger presence. In short, Far Cry 4, and especially Pagan Min, stunk of trying to recapture the lightning in a bottle and that usually doesn't work out all that great.
Also it screws up how we should fix the issue. Oh white people not being unfairly harassed by the police is a privilege? Well then we just need to have the police unfairly harass everyone.
So you just up and give it to the first human trainwreck who drops in?
My little princess is all grown-up and murdering people.
More like obesity is the symptom of some mental illness.
You can't trap Biblical literalists with questions pertaining to God's morality because God's morally perfect not because God is just such a swell guy, but because he's defined as morally perfect. Everything he does is automatically morally perfect regardless of action. God can drown every puppy on Earth and it would not be evil, because God did it. Likewise God can, and does lie in the Bible, but it's not an act of moral failure like if a human did it, because God.
This article is about answering honestly, not just being unable to answer. Moving the goal posts is a logical fallacy and a form of dishonesty so the original premise stands.
Hero complex. As long as you presuppose your own moral superiority you can get away with (to yourself) anything. I bet in twenty years he's going to get pulled over for a DUI, rant about the Jews, and call the arresting officer "Sugartits".
Fucking Christ how is that medically possible?
Hang on, I know their dumb rules and can play by them. I identify as a Bedouin desert nomad. Racism is dumb and we should stop persecuting and discrimination against everyone, not just everyone except white people.
What are you waiting for, let's get the kerosene and some lighters.
I have the sneaking suspicion that Tammy's "helpfulness" came from a place of smug, self-congratulatory satisfaction. Which is why she was so over the top about it. She's not just helping someone, she announcing to the whole world "Look at me! Look at how selfless and generous I am! Praise me! Praise me!"
Planetness is more about attitude than weight. If you're helping a blind person so that you can steal food off their plate because you think they won't notice, you're a planet. Size is irrelevant. You are a gluttonous pile of trash.
Why do we teach kids English, it's a language spoken by white people? We should all learn a proud PoC language like Spanish.
I blame 30 years of diet industry commercials selling people the idea that weight loss is a trick that just needs this one thing to work. But once you analyze their motivations it becomes an obvious farce. They're trying to sell you a product and they don't want you to buy their competition. The CI-CO method, despite being the most scientifically reliable, asks for moderation, which runs contrary to a capitalistic market's emphasis on profit by consumption.
Is it okay to cause panic in a closed public space by making a fake bomb threat? What about prank calling the FBI or providing false testimony at court? You can gob on all you want about the immutability of free speech but at the same time practically everyone is okay with a few limitations for the sake of the larger public.
Free Speech exists for the benefit of society not the individual. If one individual's personal rights puts the saftey and well-being of the larger society in jeopardy then that individual's rights must be restricted. This is the foundational definition of liberty. Absolute freedom is far more destructive and harmful in practice than its well-meaning advocates such as yourself make it out to be.
In North Korea society is sacrificed on the altar of a ruling aristocracy. They can say all they want but their actions betray everything. That's why I can condem them. A balanced, healthy society has rules that are governed by a living document that is constantly scrutinized and thought about. It's not strict rules that burden and eventually enclave societies, it's blind, unthinking adherence to rules. That's where people constantly get me wrong with my opinions. I expect them to be challenged and questioned. When I talk about restricting individual freedom for the good of society, I'm expecting there to be a constant dialogue about where this line should be drawn.
The problem is that this isn't voluntary. Govenors from across the South are ordering the removal of Confederate battle flags from state and public property, and the nation-wide legalization of same-sex marriage was a very close SCOTUS decision. The South is only becoming more progressive because the rest of the country is dragging them kicking and screaming into the 21st century, not because its they've voluntarily changed their ways.
Yes and Russia annexed Crimea to help those poor, oppressed Russian minorities.
Apparently. It's the Southern conundrum: it's not wholly ethical to use government force to compel them to follow moral edicts they don't agree with, but if we didn't there's a strong chance they never will do so on their own.
From has a lot of different teams handeling different projects simultaneously. The real success of the Bloodsouls meta series is the vision of director Miyazaki. The problem is that one guy can't be one all these projects at once. He was on Bloodbourne while DS 2 was in development and now he's on DS 3. This means DS 2 is the only one without Miyazaki's involvement and it shows.
We could do it, just pay her $300K.
Eh you need someone to cancel out the ultra-right white nationalist Stormfront demographic.
Actually read the reviews. The IGN reviewer gave Alien: Isolation a 5.9 because he doesn't like horror survival and found the game to be too long and the same amount of content stretched too thin.
So when I asked about M's upbringing and you said you didn't know much about it, was that a lie?
Adult (and therefore lazy) Ren and Stimpy was on Spike TV, not Adult Swim.
That's kind of what gay means at that age. I remember elementary school kids saying Hanson was gay because they made songs about girls.
It wasn't proselytizing. They wanted to have a discussion. Normally we talk about science and the environment.
It's behind you right now but don't turn around because that will make it really angry.
That seems like a shitty plan.
Right noijggdffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Well there's Jainism.
Actually have you heard of Richard Lenski's experiment in which E. coli evolved the ability to digest citrate right in front of their eyes? It got hilarious when creationist and wingnut Andrew Schlafly tried to take them on and got pwned.
If you have a murder fetish it would be masturbation.
That success rate only applies to blood tests.
14 is the normal age of consent for Carbon. Either way I would check your local laws as those can vary by state.
Even if he wasn't fishing for poon he was clearly fishing for compliments and praise on his progressive, open-minded ways. Not having a Tumblr account was his first mistake in that regards.
Dubed with characters speaking their local accent ala Metro 2033. I thought I'd try immersing myself with the Russian language track with English subs. What I discovered is that it became less immersive because a lot of the world building background conversations literally just turned into meaningless background noise.
He's implying Mark Twain was racist because of the name Nigger Jim. This means that the whole point of Huck Finn could not have flown over his head farther. I know it's a joke and he's not serious, but I'm coming out at this laughing at Louis' poor reading comprehension.
C.S. Lewis was skilled enough at rhetoric and writing to trick his audience into thinking Christianity makes sense.
Because the genitals of small children is really important to me and yes I want this on record!
Are you blinking? That's the oportunity your mirror self has been waiting for to steal your place and enter our world.
No. They have been epigenitcally programmed with a gender identity opposite of their genotype. Gender is the mental assignment of male or female, sex is the genotype and genitiles. Sex influences gender but they are seperate things. 99.9% of the time a person's mental gender identity matches their biological sex, in that tiny percent of the time it doesn't the most common result is having a mental gender identity that is in opposition to their biological sex. Research has shown that this is a fact, not a delusion or a personal choice. In transgender there is a detectable error between the mental software and the biological hardware. Trans race and transethncity are not real because people don't have mentally assigned racial or ethnic identities.
You know how in colloquial language you can get away with using hypothesis and theory as the same thing but in science you can't because in that context they mean different things? Same thing. In science gender and sex have different meanings and here is the science that supports those definitions. http://www.meduniwien.ac.at/homepage/1/news-and-topstories/?tx_ttnews%5btt_news%5d=5379&amp;cHash=37835742aa84acd6b6b2505337c854dd Notice how I'm linking to an academic source that itself links to a science database and not some bullshit blog on Tumblr? That's because this is fucking science. So either you can get with the idea that gender studies has actually made a lot of progressive from whatever neolithic discourse community you've crawled out of, or you can join the ranks of creationists, homeopaths, and other people who dismiss scientific discoveries the moment they compete with their preconceived ideas of how the world works.
When pride turns into delusion.
What is it with weeb culture and glorifying pedophilia?
So his writing advice is be more cliched and rip off Star Wars?
I'm not surprised by but also disappointed in Eclipse Phase's clientele. It looks like such a cool concept with so many unique story telling hooks built into it, but because it's a post-Singularity society it brings all the Dork Enlightenment boys to the yard, and they're digitized cyberpeens are like, better than yours.
If I remember correctly second edition orcs were pig-faced monsters.
Even if it's a fake it encapsulates all of the logic used by the antivaxxers, so at best it's an example of Poe's Law.
You claim I didn't read the article, but apparently you didn't read the paper that was linked to in the article. The paper is free to the public so you really have no excuse. First you claim that you cannot tell the difference between male and female with MRI, but the paper cites sources that use MRI to prove just that in the first paragraph of the introduction. We have papers that show the changes that occur to the brain due to hormone development on three separate levels of development. One on infants, another on puberty, and a third on adulthood. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20633662 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3412439/ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3673180/ So the differences in the original paper aren't mentioned much because the researchers and their audience, other neuroscientists, are already familiar with the science so they aren't defined in the paper I linked to. Here's an MRI showing the white matter microstructures of someone who is FtM, someone who is MtF, with comparisons to the Male Control (MC). http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4699258/figure/F1/ This is what the paper meant by the transgender white matter microstructure being in between. The MtF microstructures appear to be a transitionary point between the MC and the FtM. In fact the appearance and mapping of testosterone white matter microstructures degrades as you go from MC to MtF to FtM to FC (Female Control). A man who feels like he should be a woman produces the same amount of testosterone like a normal male, but the way it interacts with his brain is skewed more towards female neural mappings, resulting in someone who recognizes their body as male but it doesn't feel right. "The results of this study show that the white matter microstructure in FtM and MtF transsexuals falls halfway between that of FCs and MCs. Our data harmonize with the hypothesis that fiber tract development is influenced by the hormonal environment during late prenatal and early postnatal brain development that is proposed to determine gender identity." Read the paper and the paper's sources, and not just the article which introduces scholars to the paper. Finally you keep using the word insane around, which is another word you clearly don't know the meaning of, along with sex and gender. Insane refers to mental inability. In the legal and medical sense people who are insane must be proven that they are not in control of their own actions or faculties. This is why arguing insanity in court is so hard and why the insane defense is almost never used. Transgender people are obviously not insane, regardless of how far from normal their feelings may be to you personally.
Did you ever lament your status at last place due to your inherent nice guyness?
More unique ethnicities per square mile than the Balkans.
It's kind of funny as how Christianity becomes more and more modern it becomes less and less strict. The Coptics in Egypt are the oldest extant branch of Christianity and they have a period of 50 days before and after both Easter and Christmas where you can't eat meat. Then you have the Catholics were you just can't eat meat on Friday. Then you have the Protestants where the last of the dietary restrictions have been excised.
Universe -&gt; Gravity -&gt; Matter -&gt; Hydrogen -&gt; Galaxy -&gt; Life
God is perfect. Perfection is impossible. Therefore God is impossible.
State of Slovenes, Croats, and Serbs Kingdom of Serbians, Croats, and Slovenes Socialist Federated Republic of Yugoslavia
Oh shit I guess because squares exists God must exist.
Fucking look it up dipshit. The definitions that I've been trying to teach you are right there on fucking Google. You have given me no reason to accept your incorrect definitions except by fiat.
Obviously it's a disorder. There's even a detectable neurological component which you don't seem to like for some reason. What I've been trying to drill through your cavernous, Neanderthal-esque skull is that sex and gender aren't the same thing and that having a mental disorder is not the same thing as insanity. Frankly your disgusting attitude is to conclude that because transgenderism is a disorder it should be stigmatized and you can go right the fuck off with that. Finally sex transitioning is still the most humane method of treatment. Edit: on the subject of Fallon Fox. This is where I admit my ignorance, I don't know enough about MMA where I can distinguish any difference between her fighting and say, Ronda Rousy. They both look like two strong people very good at hurting other people. Frankly as a human Fallon Fox has the right to feel comfortable in her own body. However if it can be proven that the hormone therapy for sexual reassignment gives athletes an unfair advantage in their weight class then they should be barred from competing. We've already banned one form of hormone therapy for its performance enhancing properties: steroids, so there is precident.
My favorite WtA character was an Ahroun Bone Gnawer, so murder-hobo was my legit character concept.
Having a 50% nitrogen atmosphere is bad but not for the reasons she thinks.
The fucked up part is that they would rather a man of dishonest faith than a man of honest disbelief.
OWoD ran into problems when they assumed the Abrhamic religions were the default and then threw Kindred of the East into the mix. Edit: I actually find CofD, especially since the God-Machine Chroncicle to be very gnostic. In both Mage and Demon you play as protagonists who realize that reality as we know it is a lie and oppose the God-like demiurges who rule over this false world.
The Ancient Lands pentology from Mage: The Awakening.
Basically the way I rule it, rites and fetishes are ok from 1st edition, Lodges and Gifts are not.
Then there's also the shallow critcism that it's the worst Star Trek because there's no space travel.
Donald Trump's hair is a chemical ecological disaster zone that Trump bravely chose to wear so it could be contained and monitored by a team of specialists. Unfortunately it appears to have leaked tendrils into his brain and is responsible for his erratic opions, wild mood swings, and general shithead behavior.
Magic. Then science killed magic so now it runs on science.
That would cause wobble in the other direction. We need an equal spread across both poles to ensure orbital stability.
One of my players in her first session of WtF ever was fighting an Azlu. The spider-monster was taunting the pack about its long life and how it has powers and skills beyond what you can do. "I have fangs and venom that can strip your flesh to the bone Uratha!" Then she said "I've got boots". I thought it was a great pre-ass-kicking one-liner.
Well yeah. They split Charisma into three different stats and then tweaked them to follow the Power, Finesse, Resistance model. Of course it's going to get weird. Hell trying to define how you interact with people with just a bunch of numbers is kind of weird.
The motto of CofD is that it's your chronicle. So do it, a plot hook that on the surface seems impossible is always great for a game about thr supernatural. Here are some possible explanations for a revenant outbreak. Belial's Brood blood ritual going terribly right. The Strix are building an army of bodies to possess. The Curse itself has found a new way to spread. A God-Machine experiment on vampires broke free.
Whatever is moral and ethical is whatever God says at that moment. How delightfully malleable, authoritarian, and subjective
Finally.
Before Muhammad ran into diplomatic problems he was really respectful of Jews and Christians. He passionately adored their faiths and believed his would be accepted in open arms. When Islam was rejected he grew more angry at them and both of these attitudes are reflected in the Koran. However, the Suras are organized by length, not chronology, and how the book chaotically sin-waves between tolerance and intolerance like a manic-depressive.
Hey Allah, if you created women exactly as they are, what's up with all the menstral-hate?
"Christian Film" "Film People Watch" You must choose one.
The Satanists have started the Dark Invocation ritual. Christians respond by casting Protection from Evil, Greater.
The important part isn't just that the Quran is violent, but that the Quran is not uniquely violent. It's basically no better than any other so called "Holy" book. To wit: "And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people." Acts 3:23 Anyone who doesn't believe in Jesus will be killed. "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him." John 3:36 If you don't believe in Jesus God will be angry. "And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear you, when ye depart thence, shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them. Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city." Mark 6:11 Any city that defies the testimony of Christ will be even more fucked up than Sodom and Gomorrha. "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." Matthew 10:34 This is attributed to Jesus and is followed by a whole screed about how you need to love Jesus more than your own family. "But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men." Peter 3:7 God reserves the right to set every non-believer on fire.
Usually when a more modern, better evolved organism comes along sometimes the less evolved one manages to survive by eeking out a meager existence in a tiny niche too specialized for the more evolved one to bother with.
You know what /u/fantasyfeet, I'll let you keep your delusion. Yes, all powerful and successful people are actually really smart and conniving. There's no way an idiot could make money saying stuff other idiots like to hear. If you gave a real idiot a microphone and tell them to speak their opinions they'll just sit there and babble incoherently.
To be fair /u/AlmightBox, you're not making any of this stuff up, Cumstain is.
I'll miss it. Without the church how are all these kids going to get molested?
Well it is Pakistan.
Sins only count if they apply to other people. Duh.
Hi I'm Bill Maher I like to make fun of religious people because of how dumb and irrational religion is. Except I also don't accept the Big Bang theory, think vaccines are dangerous, and use my show to promote Big Pharma hysteria.
That's an awesome idea!
The battle of Y'ghatan was long, tiring, a painful chore. It was brilliant. Any hack could write about how terrible being in a battle is. It takes a true genius to transport the reader to a realm of suffering.
The reaction stopped because there's no more chemistry between you two.
Murder
Here's what kills me. So the first time this must be quite a bit of a shock to the bird, it's a new item, it's probably never seen something like this before so it has no experience that something like this would happen. But then the dumb thing tries it again.
Dude I was four or five.
*Chaos Island: The Lost World: Jurassic Park*. Jeez that's a serious case of colon cancer. So what was this and why have I never heard of it? Well it's an RTS based off the second Jurassic Park game made by Dreamwork's short-lived attempt at making a game studio. So why did I play it so much? Was there an avid and interesting multiplayer community? No, it had no multiplayer or skirmish mode, just a 13 mission single player campaign which was hard as balls. I made it my New Year's resolution to beat the damn thing and I spent all of 1998 attempting to do so.
Well it is Guerrilla, they've only made the Killzone games so far.
I don't really know if this counts or maybe it's part of the setting proper, but I've never liked the idea that vampirism is a curse and yet also gives you a bunch of awesome powers. So I have a house rule that overuse or dependency of any of the Disciplines from VtR can cause breaking points towards your Humanity. Here's my thoughts behind how and why each Discipline can harm your Humanity. Celerity/Resilience/Vigor: You know that humans can't do what you just did? Animalism: It makes sense that you can get along with beasts so well, you are one. Obfuscate: Are you even real? Maybe you were dead all along? Auspex: There are things humanity wasn't meant to know. But you know them. I wonder why. Dominate: The longer you keep treating people like tools the harder it becomes to see them as anything else. Majesty: See Dominate. Nightmare: Sorry, did you forget that you are a monster. Protean: You can't hide the Beast inside when it keeps coming out like this. I'm not going to cover all the Bloodline Disciplines but you get the jist.
A secular society is one where the government treats religions fairly, equally, and does not allow them to dictate public policy in order to gaurantee it's citizen's personal freedom of religion and freedom from religion. An atheist society is one where the majority of people are atheist.
Average physical age is 35. Average mental age is 12.
There are books? I just thought it was a TV series.
Ubisoft games.
69 upvotes? I don't know if this post is popular enough for me to agree with it.
So say we all you frelling farbotz now what do you want?
Gay people don't molest children. That's pastors. I guess you forgot that what with your busy child molesting schedule.
Anthropogenic climate change means we will be seeing afternoon temperatures reaching 120 degrees during the summer in the Middle-East. The reality is that more and more Muslims will flock to northern climates as the Middle-East becomes increasingly inhospitable. So the future situation will be the exact opposite of what he's prophecizing. But he's a religious lunatic so of course he lives diametrically opposed to reality.
I don't talk to them. I live and let live. I know how much it bothers me when religious people who sincerely think my life will lead me to a pit of endless suffering try to confront me and save me with proselytizing, so I extend them the same courtesy. Even though I think that at best religion is a waste of your precious time here I don't engage religious people and try to save them. The only way to be an atheist and not be edgey is to be more polite and mature then them.
The radicalization of Islam during the 20th and 21st centuries is due to these modern states enjoying the fruits of modernization until they look at the price. Basically the more modernized a nation becomes the more Western it appears. This is a bit of confusing correlation for causation, but since when do the masses behave truly rationally. So instead people become worried that they are losing their own traditional and cultural identify to a bunch of foreign powers. Remember that a good deal of these countries were once colonies of England and France so to people who still hold on to the cultural legacy of the post-WWI age, this seems like another attempt at Western colonization. So they bite back.
But the problem is that cancer spreads.
In Shinotism those gates are built to mark sites that are sacred to the kami.
It should go back to the original Turok games. You know, the Lost Land where there are cyberdinosaurs and alien laser monsters. None of this bullshit about an alien planet that just happens to have dinosaurs because reasons.
You could use a variation of the tracking rules from WtF. Basically if you want to use Streetwise it would be a contested roll using Wits+Streetwise vs Resolve+Streetwise. If the target has Anonymity or Alternate Identity Merits than the target adds those as negative modifiers to your roll.
I'm ok with that. Part of the reason I like Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines is that it's not as long as some other RPGs so I'm not worn out on the game when I want to do it again to so I can experience the other paths I didn't go down.
The weird thing is that they're a French company. Either they are developing a weird case of Stockholm Syndrome, or are just cynically exploiting what they think Americans like.
Yeah I figured. Games can't make you smart. They only make you good at beating the game.
Mac and cheese filled cheese puff snack foods. Oh, wait.
Here's the way I've understood it: God's plan is more like a script rather than a deterministic universe. God has this big plan that's all laid out for you from the moment you're born, probably even from before because he also planed your parent's life and so on. But you are given the freedom to follow that plan or to go off script. However, because God knows you better than you know you, if you go off script you're just going to find pain and misery, but if you stick to the plan then it's sunshine and rainbows. God won't force you to follow the plan, but he will punish you forever with Hell after the fact.
What's happened is that we done such a good job of managing these horrible diseases through vaccinations that we've raised two generations who have never had to worry about them. This results in a mind set where the risks regarding non-vaccination are forgotten and the risks regarding vaccination are over-exaggerated. It will take a generation of kids getting dangerous, preventable diseases until the idiot ball passes the other way.
So how do you win?
It's kind of like how in Planescape Torment you could change your class by talking to different trainers. So in Tides, you unlock a starting focus by following the main quest line and I believe there are ways later on to unlock and change your focus.
I don't remember. It wasn't those. I suspect that inXile is inventing some of their own. Also it's entirely possible that the decisions you make the route you take down the main quest could result in you having different foci than what I got.
Movies are not proof of anything.
Let's see: Moses was buried in secret by God in such a way that no one can find his grave. The Ark of the Covenant was lost during the Babylonian conquest and its possible modern locations are not even limited to: Israel, Egypt, Ethiopia, Southern Africa, or Europe. Both Jesus and Mohammad ascended physically into Heaven and so there is no evidence of their remains. The LDS Church lost every single relic that would prove its historical claims.
NASA was invented by the ConspiracyTM to make people think the Earth is round because reasons. The entire space race, and possibly even the Cold War between the US and the USSR was a hoax put on so people could have something to watch on TV. Along with NASA, every other space agency and government on the entire planet, the ConspiracyTM also employs the aid of every private airline, telecommunications, and TV network in the world. The airlines industry in particular is more than happy to waste millions of dollars in fuel every year flying in ways that would conform to the round Earth model rather than the flat Earth one. In fact, chances are good that there are more people IN on the ConspiracyTM than not.
Let's put it this way: when you look up at the sky with clear visibility and a powerful enough telescope, you can look at the other planets in the solar system and see that they are spheres. Contrary to flatard excuses, you CAN see these things for yourself and don't need to rely on NASA images. My dad's telescope is strong enough where you can see Saturn. The various moons of the solar system are also spheres, and even the Sun is just a massive sphere. You don't even need a particularly strong telescope to see the four largest moons of Jupiter, they were discovered by Galileo using nothing more than reflecting mirrors in a tube. In flat Earth land would need a God to explain the massive discrepancy between the laws of physics needing to be radically different on Earth than every else in the universe to explain why out of every other massive enough celestial object, the Earth is the only one that isn't a sphere.
Nibiru is a Sumerian word for when Jupiter is at the height of its yearly progress across the night sky. Zecharia Sitchin was a hack amatuer historian who popularized the idea of Nibiru as an undiscovered planet beyond the orbit of Neptune by failing at translation and making shit up.
I think with Drakengard he was making a point about video games where you get a heroic good guy ending after murdering hundreds and hundreds of people directly. Besides Drakengard his games are more really weird and heavily anime inspired and this one seems no different.
CryEngine is a system intensive engine though.
Humans evolved from apes in Africa, branching off from the common ancestor of chimpanzees around 5 million years ago. We have every single fossil necessary to show the link between us and chimpanzees and our modern forms. There is no need to rely on "Aliensdidit" as an explanation for human evolution. It's simply a product of fiction. If the Illuminati was "preparing" people for this, wouldn't it make more sense to go with, I don't know, the relevant sciences making these kinds of discoveries instead of making movies that contradict the science? And wouldn't people like Erik von Danniken be given more respect by the scientific community instead of be discarded to the loony bin along with the likes of Alex Jones?
People have got the rule differences and design approaches nailed down pretty well, so I'm going to explain the difference between the themes of the various supernatural games. **Vampire** Masquerade: This game wanted to be a personal horror game but it quickly morphed into an action game due to the omnipresent and often violent conflict between the Camarilla and the Sabbat. While you play as a creature with potentially endless life, the end of the world is rapidly approaching and you are running out of time. Requiem: this game actually realized the personal horror that Masquerade was originally conceived as. The two Sects have been replaced with five Covenants that are less openly hostile to each other, allowing for more nuanced political posturing. Vampires have unreliable memories and there is no agreed upon origin for vampires. The major antagonists are a race of shadowy, owl like creatures that claim a distant ancestry with vampires and detest Humanity. **Werewolf** Apocalypse: The end of the world is coming and chances are good that its too late to do anything to stop it. Werewolves are warriors created by Gaia to be her defenders, and the they are here to stop the Wyrm from destroying all existence. Werewolves are divided into 13 different tribes who can barely cooperate together at the best of times. Tends to center around lots of enviromental and misanthropic themes with a healthy dose of existential nihilism. Forsaken: Werewolves are created by the union of two spirits in prehistoric times: Mother Moon, the spirit of the Moon, and Father Wolf, the ultimate predator. Eventually Father Wolf grew sick and old and so some werewolves decided he needed to be put down. Those who killed him became Forsaken, saddled with the responsibility of policing the boundaries between the world of flesh and the world of spirits for all time. Those who did not are Pure, cursed by Mother Moon for a crime they didn't commit and are dedicated to the destruction of the Forsaken. In this game werewolves are the ultimate hunters rather than warriors, the game is focused more on the pack then on larger global conflicts, and everything is painted in shades of grey rather than an obvious, we're good guys let's kill the bad guys. **Mage** Ascension: Reality is not fixed, but based on the Consensus of mankind's collective unconsciousness. A few individuals are able to awaken to this fact and then can shape reality to suite their own whims, but if the Sleepers see acts of magic that violate their idea of how the world should work the mage suffers from Paradox. The mystically focused Council of Mystic Traditions and the science focused Technocracy are locked in a centuries long battle to determine the nature of reality. Awakening: The world has Fallen due to the hubris of men. The world we think is real is a pale shadow of a much grander reality that is cut off from us by a reality destroying chasm called the Abyss. Only five watchtowers in the Supernal Realms can cut through the Abyss and call out to the souls of certain individuals, who become mages. Mages are driven by their gnosis to uncover mysteries and search for symbols of the Supernal in the Fallen World. Paradox happens when mages draw on more power than they can handle and draw on the attention of the Abyss. **Ghosts** Oblivion: You're dead and because of your angst, unfinished business, and straight up refusal to accept death, you failed to pass on to the true afterlife and are stuck in a purgatory called the Shadowlands. Also you have an evil voice inside your head that will tempt you into giving it more and more power so it can turn you into a servant of the reality destroying maelstrom called Oblivion. Welcome to the bleakest, most depressing game ever made. Sin-Eaters: You almost died, but at the precipice of the afterlife a strange ghost/spirit hybrid made a deal with you: it can bring you make to life, make you stronger, even give you supernatural powers, but in return it gets to have a ride along inside your head and your body. So it's awesome, you got a second chance at life, feeling better than ever, except you can see ghosts now, and they want you to help them resolve their businesses so they can pass on as well. Also that new voice inside you is kind of weird and doesn't quite get things like humanity or morality. **Changeling** Dreaming: So faeries used to be real and they used to have a whole world of their own, but it's dead now and all the faeries along with it, except for the portions of the souls of a few faeries who constantly get reincarnated into human bodies. You are part human, part fae, and you need to keep imagination alive in an increasingly cynical and nihilistic world that no longer believes in magic or dreams. The Lost: So you were once an ordinary Joe (or Jane) until one of the all-powerful True Fae abducted you and held you as slave and prisoner in their nightmare dream world of Arcadia. You managed to escape but your sojourn in Arcadia has permanently changed you into a Fae creature. Now you need to reclaim your old life or build a new one while trying to hide from your former captors.
Kind of me point. If you meet the system requirments of 1 Skynet, CryEngine games run rather well. If you fall anything short, well, there's a reason Cry is in the title.
No because obviously, they don't take an Oath of the Moon. The rules presented in the Core Werewolf book assume you're playing Forsaken, not Pure. Instead they follow the Oath of Urfarah which is on page 33 of the sourcebook The Pure. It goes as follows. The Wolf Must Hunt The Pure Do Not Murder the Pure The Low Honor the High The Pure Shall Cleave to the Human Do Not Eat the Flesh of Human or Wolf The Herd Must Not Know Atone For All Transgressions Deny Thy Mother Despite the Costs On the surface this looks like the Oath of the Moon but there are major differences. The Pure have no compunction about killing the Forsaken, so they don't suffer a breaking point for killing werewolves unless the werewolf in question is Pure. Secondly, they don't have the Forsaken's two-way system of honor nor the Forsaken's respect for the prey. This is what makes the Pure such effective assholes.
I tried AC3 again due to the Ubiclub freebie and I have to admit the epic and apocalyptic tone it sets during the prologue narration paints a stark contrast to Black Flags "hi you work at Google now" thing. It really highlights the absolute lack of direction the franchise has had ever since they killed Desmond.
So another Trump.
I think there was something about Objectivism nestled in the 15 hours of killing people.
I read somewhere that Trump wants to spend half of his time at Trump Tower rather than the White House so he can charge the Secret Service rent. I don't know if that's true.
Not what I meant. I mean the conspiracy theory that wireless electricity is being suppressed because it would provide everyone free energy. Isn't this just a different method of deliver electricity. You'd still need to generate it.
Well I'm glad this guy has realized the Bible is fake and not based on historical evidence, I'm really worried by what he's replaced it with. It sounds like he watched Zeitgeist and didn't realize it was full of shit. Christianity was not created at the council of Nicaea, it already existed before then. The people at the Council of Nicaea did not create the Bible out of nothing, they compiled all of the various books that were considered significant to Christianity, voted on which ones would be considered canon, and then assembled them into the Bible. This is why I hate Zeitgeist; they made shit up to discredit Christianity but you don't need to make shit up to do so. The Council of Nicaea voted on the Bible! By a show of hands. But I digress, Christianity had already existed by that point and not only did it exist, but it existed in a wide variety of sects who all disagreed on multiple theological points, often violently. We have sources that go back to around the time of Hadrian and Marcus Arelleus that mention Christians like Tacitus. And he said something about Africans not believing in a god coming back from the dead. I don't know, maybe that's true, but the Egyptians certainly did, that was Osiris' whole shtick. In fact at several points it seems that he confuses dynastic Egypt with sub-Saharan Africa as if Africa isn't an enormous continent with various different ethnicities, cultures, and religions.
I hate corporations* *Except Apple, Nike, Starbucks, Google, Facebook, ect.
What conspiracy? James Cameron pointed out that AVP was a dumb idea and was right.
How is that a conspiracy? That's just Hollywood executives being dumb and greedy.
I would be just as outraged as a am when Christian doctors refuse to treat patients because of their religion. "I took a modified version called the Hypocritic Oath. It lets me ignore my medical ethics when I feel like it."
Oh oh oh oh..oh. Oh.
Well now we have Trump who has taken to Washington corruption like a pig to shit.
I guess after 8 years of fighting the White House on everything was just the tutorial level and now it's the boss fight.
I don't think the hacks painted her that way, Clinton already had that reputation pretty solid by then. I'm saying that to Sanders voters Hillary getting the nomination was proof of her and the DNC's corruption. Like people on Reddit talk about the DNC rigging the nomination for Clinton like it's a matter of obvious fact.
They're highly attracted towards videos of people showing the Earth is round; it's like fly paper for idiots. Their comments come in one of two varieties: claiming that no actual facts or debunking took place in said video, or claiming the video maker is a part of the ConspiracyTM.
There's a group of hunters who have even figured out that werewolves are not universally antagonistic towards humans and that there's a faction out there who are trying to keep the world safe from spirits. The only problem is that they got the two sides confused.
Pretty much, if you belong to a proselytizing religion that says anyone who doesn't to belong to your little church is going to suffer forever, then it behooves you to go out and save souls. As annoying to us as street preachers and door-to-door missionaries are, they are convinced that they are trying to help us, and that's kind of nice. If you really want to suck at Christianity then adopt a Calvinist "ha ha I'm saved fuck you!" approach to sinners.
40 FPS? I would kill to have a computer that could play any game made after 2014 at a consistent 30 FPS. PC gamers are the most entitled gob-shits I've ever had the unfortunate experience of meeting.
Is the punchline how the Roman Catholic Church protected him by buying the silence of the injured party and moving the perpetrator to a different diocese?
&gt;"Well we don't know everything about what Hitler ate while he was writing that so we're missing the entire story." You know who we also don't have the entire story of? Jesus. I'm serious, the Gospels, which are the ONLY source about Jesus, basically skip over almost his entire life. They cover his birth, this one story of him teaching the Torah as a six-year old, and then they skip the next 18 years completely, and go straight to the three (or five, they can't agree on this) year period he spent as a crazy street preacher.
A relatively short (about 25 million year) period in Earth's history that saw a sudden swell in biodiversity that resulted in the appearance of most of the known groups of phyla.
I remember calling this. I know I said on this subreddit that Saudi Arabia is not a "Clinton ally" but an American ally and that Trump is going to continue the US policy of kiss the King's hairy butthole.
The Bible says nothing about dinosaurs because the people who wrote it couldn't have known about it. The Bible does mention dragons. So if you are a Christian who believes the Bible is literal truth you must deny dinosaurs and accept dragons, otherwise you're reading the Bible figuratively. Funny how often so called Biblical literalists do that.
Sandman poster on the front of the door. Nice.
I believe that prison is a place for people who are dangerous too society, not as the bad place bad people go for being bad. These parents, like too many who are just like them, are not dangerous to society, just their children. Fortunately this is why CPS exists.
They should not be allowed to adopt. CPS should put them on some kind of list.
Only if another telepath hears it. Even then that only violates UK copyright laws.
No it doesn't make any sense because what the hell is Instagram live-ing?
It's getting Skyrim in the Fall. Oh cool, that game will only be six years old by that point.
So he's another Naseem Hareman.
Allegedly Danny DeVito is up to anything they want except prison rape.
We're not making fun of Islam, we're making fun of ISIS and I thought ISIS doesn't represent Islam. If this thing is exposing Islamic hypocrisy simply by existing then I'm all for it.
Familiar merit but it's not ever going to be as strong as a werewolf totem. However it's a good fit for any Thrysus character.
Welcome to the wonderful world of quantum Jesus. If there's an Old Testament rule you like (no gays, women are property) point to the part in the Sermon on the Mount where Jesus said he would not overturn the old laws but fulfill them. If there's something in the Old Testament you don't like (no pork, can't mix fabrics) point to the part in the Sermon on the Mount where Jesus said he would overturn the old laws.
That's good, you shouldn't. But there are lots of Christians who think you should. But we're getting side-tracked: my point is that Jesus is so vague and contradictory that he allows Christians to engage in a sort of mental gymnastics where different parts of the Old Testament are and are not applicable depending on how you feel about them.
Oh so the better English translation would be serpent.
Transgender isn't the same as wrapping a bath towel around your neck so it makers a cape and pretending to play Batman.
Doesn't he have a light saber?
Because at the end of the day the Bible is the only source for the supernatural claims that are the foundation of the Christian faith. So everything needs to be based on the authority and authenticity of the Bible. Make no mistake, people who believe the Bible is the inspired word of God and is literally true are on a stronger theological ground than Christians who compromise their faith by trying to bring their scriptures in line with reality. The issue is that the Bible is demonstrably wrong on so many things that there is no rational reason to put any trust in it, and even less reason to be a Christian at all.
What kind of bookstore?
How on Earth Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are in the Illuminati but Trump isn't is something I'll never understand.
No one knows what the Holy Spirit is. The most logical completion to the Trinity would be the Mother, but Christianity would rather invent some bullshit concept like the Holy Spirit than exalt women to equal status with men.
He can try it only to discover that most soldiers won't go to war on their own country for one man's ego. If he tries it he'll be the first US president to be deposed by a military coup.
Kellyanne Conway said Spicer was using alternative facts. If that isn't someone attempting to spin a blatant lie I don't know what is. It's honestly pathetic how far the brainwashed trolls at /r/The_Donald will go to deny they're going to spend the next four years having the White House spew atrociously obvious lies at everyone. When the Obama Administration used its Press Secretary to put spin on the media, they had spent it on better shit then how many people came in person to one of his speeches. Trump's leader of the Free World and he's still an insecure manbaby who needs to be constantly told how he's the best at everything forever.
The Universe isn't infinite. It has a defined length, but because it expands faster than light can travel you can never reach it. It also isn't infinite in time, it had a definite beginning, and it would only begin to be able to support intelligent life only relatively recently. (You would need one whole generation of stars to go supernova and populate the universe with elements higher than hydrogen to even have planets and shit in the first place). Does the existence of powerful alien intelligences invalidate atheism? No. Those aren't gods, those are powerful alien intelligences. They didn't even create the universe, they are natural products of the universe. But if it turns out that these are the only sorts of beings that the term "god" could be applied to, it would invalidate monotheism.
Well we already had the ham-fisted message about segregation. I guess now we can have the ham-fisted message about mass incarceration.
Aug Lives Matter.
So you saw that and didn't immediately groan? Okay, how about having all the augmented literally ride at the back of the train.
&gt;"please in your response provide your proof that life has value without using your opinion." Well that's kind of like issuing me a challenge to paint something red without using the visible spectrum of light.
I play games and I enjoy discussion of it with my peers but I have long stayed the hell away from anyone who self-describes as gamer. I've found that people who build their identity around their hobbies tend towards immaturity because they don't have an real careers or responsibilities. Just think of it: would you still call yourself a gamer if you were a doctor or a scientist, hell no, you'd call yourself a doctor. So I'm not surprised that the online community of gamers is filled with reactionary screeching manchilds who react like it's a personal attack on their being when a major studio has a game with a woman protagonist and she dresses appropriately.
Cool. Does that also mean we should throw the Confederate States of America and the National Socialist Workers Party into the loser dustbin as well?
Holy Composition Fallacy Batman!
Yeah I thought this was going to be more of a straight horror game where you couldn't fight them at all.
I'm kind of glad Arkane is making this game as it appears to be a closer spiritual successor to System Shock than BioShock could ever hope to be. One of the major strengths Arkane has shown through both Dishonored titles is their ability to design levels to accomodate different character builds. There was never a point I reached in Dishonored where I discovered that if I didn't have the Possession or Rat Swarm ability I was shit out of luck. Even though System Shock is rightfully respected as a classic PC game, everyone is aware that it's biggest issue is that you have to know how to build your character ahead of time otherwise you will wind up in a position where progression is simply impossible because you didn't invest enough points into hacking or something.
&gt;&gt;There is a higher power and it is what manifests being as such. What being? This is the first sentence in your post and it is already referencing something that is undefined and hasn't been mentioned before. This doesn't sound like the introduction to an argument, but an argument that is already underway and I suddenly stepped into it. &gt;&gt;The universe emerged out of a realm of infinite possibility, and this realm is the Godhead while the first germ and total expression of physical reality is the personal God. What does any of that mean? &gt;&gt;Christ dying and rising from the dead was am(sic) overturning of the brute physical law that governs the universe, and appeals to the scientific arguments about the supremacy of natural law are moot and are in fact exactly what the Christian is reacting against. Except you can't prove any of that happened. All you can do is make an appeal to a specific religious scripture, which can be countered just as easily by someone of another religion making an appeal to another religious scripture. Jesus didn't rise from the dead because the Koran, which is the word of God, said he didn't. &gt;&gt;Spirits and gods, etc. are the principles of innate patterns and states that manifest in the universe. More meaningless word salad. And what are the undefined ect? Are we opening the door to any and all unproven and undemonstrated paranormal phenomenon by sweeping them under the blanket nonsense term of "principles of innate patterns and states that manifest in the universe"? &gt;&gt;A storm is not Thor, but the virtual possibility of such a thing as a storm in the action of a meteorological system is personified as the god Thor. Translated from pretentious psuedo-intellectual word salad: when ancient superstitious primitives saw a storm they couldn't understand what was happening so they decided it was the anger of a magical man who lived in the sky. &gt;&gt;The strictly scientistic(sic) view is spiritually impoverishing and small-minded. I can never figure out what people mean when they describe something as "spiritually". I think the small-minded person here is the one who rejects explanations he can't understand and prefers naturalistic explanations be replaced with the anthromorphized actions of magical people. Also the word is "scientific". It's a common trait of pseudo-intellectuals to invent neologisms that sound like big smart words so they can appear smart. But any real intellectual should be able to get their point across using clear and concise, rather than rambling and obfuscating language. &gt;&gt;The most science has done is disproving the existence of an inane and interventionist grandfather god, and the existence of pixies and the like. Oh so now we agree that science has shown that "Spirits and gods, etc" are not real and are not " the principles of innate patterns and states that manifest in the universe". I really am getting the sense that you have no idea what you're talking about. Like you started out arguing for Christianity but now that you agree that science has disproved the existence of the interventionist god who is "inane" (you're word not mine), so are you a Christian or aren't you? Because only an interventionist grandfather god (who you agree science has disproved) would send an avatar of itself down to Earth to teach people how to get into Heaven and then die for mankind's salvation. &gt;&gt;Atheist arguments are ridiculously specialized and practically worthless outside a very degenerated discourse with no real contact or grasp of metaphysical principles, much less arguments refuting them. Yes you're right. Atheist arguments are useless outside of the topic of discussing the existence of god, because that's the topic that atheism is concerned with. It's not a fault or weakness of atheism that there is no "atheistic" argument for economic policies.
We the People is such a wonderful crank magnet. I remember within days of it first going up there was already a petition for the White House to disclose all information about contact with extraterrestrials. When the petition reached the number of signatures required for a response the White House gave the completely predictable response of: "The United States government currently does not have any information on extraterrestrial life but if you're interested in the topic here's a link to SETI." And then the very next day the exact same petition went up. What goes on with these people? Do they think that the giant government cover-up of aliens can be uncovered if you just keep bothering them?
The alt-right wants to kick all African Americans out of their country, call it "self-determination" and then can't understand why they're not on board with it.
In the case of race it wouldn't because ultimately race is just the result of environmental adaptation. Arguing you're a master race because you're better adapted to live in colder, northern climates is asinine. This is where "race realism's" pathetic veneer of "we're not racist, no really" falls away.
So you're arguing for Azathoth, the blind idiot god who floats at the center of the Universe, surrounded by the mad pipping of its mindless servitors, heedless to the cosmos around it and would even destroy all of reality if it ever realized it exists?
Why is life so magical and special that if something can sustain it, it should be elevated to godhood even though the mechanisms are entirely naturalistic with no voodoo going on? Again, I can't shake the feeling that you're some sort of ex-theist who is desperately trying to cling onto anything, everything, just so that you can have something to wear the god label, rather than face the reality that you don't need the label. It's silly. Throw it away.
By reporting on everything Trump says as gospel because he said it, Alex Jones has become the thing he hates: a mouthpiece of the government. Congratulations you glorious fucktard, you are Donald Trump's state media, his Russia Today. And he doesn't even have to pay you.
I don't think Alex Jones is getting paid by Trump. Trump is just a Pied Piper who set his tune to the retard setting.
&gt;3. It Cannot Account for the Continuity of Identity Brain injuries can cause people to lose their memories. If they're lucky they might lose a few years. If they're unlucky they can honestly forget everything they've ever learned.
Okay. So each member of the Rothchild family has 250 times more money than is in circulation right now. That seems legit.
&gt;p1 is a fairly uncontroversial statement in philosophy, as other commenters have pointed out, it is trivially true. Possibility here refers to logical possibility in some possible world. Yes but that doesn't necessarily mean it's real. Like I said, there is what is conceivable, what is possible, and then what is real. Even making the argument that the mind can be separate from the body (for all intents and purposes, the brain IS a part of the body) on some hypothetical level indicates nothing about the reality of human consciousness.
Properties that are asserted by imagining them. We are told to imagine that the brain and mind are different. Okay now that we've done that, let's treat that statement as a fact even though I just pulled it out of my backside. Another question I have: is the inverse of p1 false? If something is inconceivable, it then cannot be possible?
What do you mean, if?
Isn't the Pope infallible on these sorts of issues? I mean for Catholics obviously.
I don't, so I guess I'll just assume he suffers from auditory hallucinations. Because that's reasonable.
It was at a Mosque. So probably not
Yes that tends to happen a lot. In the Middle-East. Given the election of Trump and the recent Muslim ban, I can see how that would galvanize anti-Muslim violence by crazy Christians over here in North America. Edit: hey we found the suspect. He's a white guy who hates Muslims. What a shock. Source: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/world/canada/quebec-mosque-shooting.html?_r=0
The orders don't mean shit. The US government has a system of checks and balances in place in order to prevent exactly the sort of man we have today from becoming the next King George. The ACLU is putting together a case against the immigration ban and the Attorney General has already ordered the Justice Department to not defend it in court, and she basically implied the order is unconstitutional. As for the dumb wall, he can sign an order saying that it will be built and paid for with a 20% tariff on Mexico, but unless Congress actually puts that in the budget, it's never going to happen.
And Nazi ideology has never been a problem since.
Babylon 5. Which is funny because I think Babylon 5 was conceived in such a way where they were trying to avoid this problem. Unlike most shows at the time which kind of just winged it as they went along, Babylon 5 was fully planned out as a five season long story with a proper beginning, middle, and end. However they struggled to get decent ratings as the show had to compete with the more established Star Trek, Highlander, and Stargate brands and the show was eventually announced it was going to be canceled after season 4. The show runners then furiously scrambled to finish off all of the major plots a season ahead, and I felt they were pretty sucessful. The season 4 finale "Deconstruction of Falling Stars" is a giant send off to the whole series and a great stopping point. Then TNT picked it up for one more season. So what is a show that just tied up all its loose ends and even aired their big finale episode going to be about for one more season? The answer was; not a lot.
Which would you rather have: A fully built and furnished house An incomplete house people are still building on the promise that the house will be finished one day, maybe, because we're a poor construction company and could go bankrupt any day and leave you with an unfinished house forever I just want to go back to the days when I can pay for something, and then have it, and it's done.
What is their game here? Why do they want so many uninsured people? It's like the most passive aggressive method of population control I've ever seen.
You have found an entseed but sadly without an entwife to sing to it, it shall forever lay dormant. The ents have left this world in search of their wives, it is our duty to guard the entseeds until they return.
If he's not doing anything wrong then there's nothing you can do I believe. Restraining orders require to to prove to a court the person in question can harm you. Sadly I am male and therefore have stalker protection privledge, plus when I had girls I liked I did everything in my power to not be a creep, so I have little personal experience to help you with. The problem with 'beards is that they don't learn so no amount of communicating your feelings to him will help.
It sounds like they're in denial that the 20th century ended 17 years ago.
Here's how you stand out: the Nemesis system. It's still one of the best things I've ever seen done with procedural generation and no one has ever copied it. It was considered by fans and critics to be a stronger assassin-simulator than Assassin's Creed, and in 2014 there were two Assassin's Creed titles. And now they're making the Nemesis system better. There's only one AAA game coming this fall that I care about and it's this one.
Good. It means my wife's birthday isn't going to share mental space with a game I basically built a new computer for. No joke, my current rig is built along Shadow of War's recommended system specifications.
Plastic.
There's the old animated film and a Finnish adaptation as well. It's not good either but for different reasons.
Nope and both mages can even use each other's methods and get the same result. As long as the Yantras involved help you personally fix the Imago of the spell in your mind you can use and do anything to cast magic. You can even cast without Yantras, you just stand there and simply force the spell by will alone.
I remember when the game first come out there was a glitch were orcs survived decapitations.
Every game gets delayed. Shit I remember when Diablo 2 was supposed to come out in 1999. Even if a game reaches its announced deadline you can bet that there were internal delays that you were never even aware of.
Generation vs Blood Potency is something I can write a goddamn essay on. The short version is I think Blood Potency is vastly superior as a gameplay mechanic but I think Generation is better at creating drama.
Why is it that every time a disenfranchised and underprivileged group stands up for themselves Sargon acts like a feudal lord about to fend off a peasant revolt?
West Virginia is running out of coal to dig. The mines shut down and since everyone assumed they would be miners like their daddy and granddaddy they don't have anything to fall back on to bring money back into the economy. This would be like if Nevada never legalized gambling and so Trump announces that we're going back to silver dollars in order to create more silver mining jobs. It's not just a lack of demand that's killing these states it's the lack of supply. Of course renewable energy doesn't have that problem but the Appalachians think it's too pinko-commie libtard.
I don't know what you'd call me. My goal is to have all of my policy decisions informed by science, data, and statistics rather than some sort of ideological political/economic "theory". I don't read a book by some author and decide that's how the world should work. However as a result of this policy I find myself aligning more often with liberals than conservatives, go figure. However there is frankly no reason I can find to support organic and non-GMO food. Nothing about them being more "natural" (a non-defined term) makes them safer and in a trade off they take more land, labor, and resources. Too many liberals who lack a proper science education suffer from severe chemophobia. A food cannot be chemical free because if it's made from matter it's a chemical.
Dragonball is set on Earth but not this Earth. It's a fantasy parallel Earth where, among other evolutionary oddities such as sapient non-human mammals, dinosaurs never died out. So you're looking at modern day alternative Earth dinosaurs that kept evolving for millions of years. As such all of the dinosaurs in Dragonball are based exclusively off Akira Toriyama's imagination. None of them are real. This dinosaur is a sauropod, either juvenile or the species is just relatively smaller. It has a horn which is unusual for sauropods but I'm more confused by the head crest which looks more like it's wearing a helmet.
But in Masquerade that's the thing. It's a stagnant fudeual hierarchy that's fundamentally broken because the guy with all the titles doesn't have the common decency to just die already so I can inherit his position. But to make matter worse, power potential is fixed at the Embrace. Once your Gen 13 you're always Gen 13 unless you diablerize your elders. So you have a power structure of a small clic of hoary elders at the top paranoid of their own progeny and an army of jealous neonates rattling their cages. With Requiem if you're patient things will come to you. Your BP will raise by 1 every five decades and eventually your elder will fall into torpor to ease his feed restrictions and now you inherit his position. In Masquerade there is no inheritance of power, you have to take it or spend eternal being be a pawn.
I have played all the titles up to Black Flag. So I'm not making this comparison from a position of ignorance but I will state my bias: Shadow of Mordor IS a better Assassin's Creed game than anything Ubisoft put together. &gt;. I have never heard anyone saying this is a better Assassin simulator than AC, how does that even make sense? Yahtzee said it in his review of Shadow of Mordor and I agree. Part of my issue with Assassin's Creed is that it's gotten too linear and narrative focus. There's little room for player agency in AC, the missions are highly linear scripted sequences where you follow instructions and do what the developers want you to do. This got to unacceptable levels in AC3 where most of the targets die in QTE sequences or in cutscenes. Fuck that game I hate it so much. Meanwhile once you get out of the tutorial sequences Shadow of Mordor drops you in an open world and simply says "here are your targets now you figure out how to kill them". And your targets are different each time and unless you spend the time hunting down intel and figuring the best strategy to exploit their weaknesses you're basically going to get your ass kicked which only serves to make your target harder and cause the orcs hierarchy to reshuffle potentially fucking up other plans you may have set. And your last paragraph is pathetic. The popularity of a game doesn't determine how good it is. I don't care if it's coming back after a one year break, they should stop making them. The series ended in 2012 when Desmond Miles, the main character died. Since then the franchise has struggled to find something to be about and all it's got is "let's fight over another magical McGuffin again".
Statistically speaking you'll be one of the zombies.
Yeah and those are pretty rare. This is what I mean by privileged. I've never been stalked or harassed by a girl ever but my wife gets hit on or has guys asking to pick her up every time she goes for a run. The presence of workout clothes and a wedding ring does not deter them. And once she says no I'm running outside on purpose they don't stop.
By agreeing to the Paris accord Trump would admit climate change is real and therefore his volumes of tweets are wrong. Trump isn't pulling out because he thinks it's weak or would hurt Americans, he's pulling out because he refuses to admit he's wrong.
Reminds me of Kevin Martin a self-proclaimed meteorologist with no higher education who created a series of weather forecasting websites designed to predict HAARP signals and chemtrails. They consisted of him taking images from the National Weather Service and then smearing science looking shit over them and proclaiming impending doom roughly once every week. I call this cargo-cult science. People with no idea what they are doing who copy the image of science and then think they're work is just as good if not better. For more cargo-cult scientists see Richard Hoagland, Naseem Hariman, and Erik vön Daniken.
I don't much about Apocalypse but in Forsaken werewolves of the Gibbous moon, Cahalith, can receive prophetic dreams from Luna. Is anything in the lore for Galliards about that?
I feel like Abed would make a strange, hard to related to, but ultimately compassionate boyfriend. Sheldon doesn't deserve what he has. Every "joke" about his girlfriend makes me want to throttle him. And she just puts up with this shit because he's functionally the main character at this point. When the most romantic thing you ever said to her had to be forced and it was a quote from Sam Rami's Spider-Man, you deserve to die alone, unloved, with a hoard of cats.
On the other hand, Advanced Dungeons and Dragons called him "Abed the Undiagnosable".
They were always there but their presence was diluted by reasonable Sanders supporters. After Sanders lost the primary those reasonable voters were like "we tried but we lost" and left leaving behind only the idiots.
Especially after 9/11 when the Bush Administration wanted to throw more bodies into their War on Terror but didn't want to commit the political seppuku that is a draft. So instead they did the next best thing: lax recruitment standards!
I'm not a military person so I didn't know what you meant by Navy Nukes. No if you're in something that requires high level engineering like say, nuclear propulsion, yeah ASD is disproportionately over-represented.
Spellforce is one of those games that makes me wonder who makes them and who buys them. It's like "hey look another generic fantasy game with a half-naked girl on the box art". Even the title is hopelessly generic.
That's crazy. How can you even have any free-time with a schedule like that?
Asshole has a point. Imagine how much less violent Islam would be if Saudi Arabia was founded by Sufis rather than Wahabis.
Who names their kid Islam, Quran, or Mecca? I'm pretty sure that would be sacrilegious or something.
Ah but we actually have no proof the gospels were written by those people. So this would be like *Gene Roddenberry's: Andromeda* where there are no credits for each episode so we have no idea who actually created it.
Turns out Frank's notes say "Brian, do not turn the Butlerian Jihad into a machine war, it was supposed to be a philosophical uprising due to automation destroying society by making everyone lazy."
So I guess that's a yes.
I don't get it.
Spirit Science does this all the time. He'll spend 10 minutes rambling on about the most insane shit you'll hear in you life and end it with "but it's just a theory and I could be wrong". No, you are wrong. Water doesn't have feelings, light doesn't have mass, and protons aren't black holes.
You're a weeaboo if you have an unhealthy all-consuming obsession with modern Japanese pop culture is the best way I can describe it. To just simply label anyone who likes anything Japanese is a hyperbolic overuse of the word meant to be derogatory but is basically telling someone to stop liking what I don't like. It's like when 4channers started calling any character they didn't like a Mary-Sue or anyone who was vaguely sympathetic to Black Lives Matter an SJW. So no you're not a weeb, you're not even in danger of becoming a weeb. Common weeb symptoms should include • Obsessive knowledge of modern exported Japanese pop culture but total ignorance of traditional Japanese culture. You listen to J-Pop but you have no idea Kabuki theater exists. • You sincerely believe steel folding is a master craft that makes any sword 100x better rather than a technique the Japanese were forced to adapt because their iron is so poor. • You have unironically claimed to have been born to the wrong culture. Bonus points if you've ever called another Westerner a bakka gaijin. • You think Japan is a crazy land of anime, pop idols, and video games and not a society of adults who have jobs. • You pepper your speech with random Japanese words or onomatopoeia, or you add the -chan suffix to people's names. (Doing so to anyone other than a little girl you know well is considered insulting, it's like you're baby talking to them.)
Harming the planet to get people to stop talking about all the other ways you're a terrible president sounds like something Trump would do if only because it's, reckless, insane, and would ultimately accomplish the exact opposite.
For non-military people what are these E's?
Sanctity of Merits side bar is your friend. Basically if a player loses a Merit they don't lose the experience that merit cost. So if a player loses their Contact in the police because he got wacked by the mob, they lose that Contact Merit for but they regain the equivalent experience back. This experience can only be spent on other Merits nothing else.
Weeaboos are a sub-category of neckbeards; they are adolescent in mind if not age. Simply having the introspection to ask "Am I a weeaboo" is the best indication you aren't one.
Do they need permission? They can just say they have it and then write whatever they want, it's not like their readers actually *care* as to whether or not what they read is factual. In fact making up wholesale lies about what goes on in the White House while never setting foot inside is probably better for both them and Trump.
Trump's fandumb believe that Trump is a populist and a man of the people in order to protect their egos from the reality that they got swindled by a New York billionaire who just said whatever it took to win. But the thing about populists is that they have to actually be popular and currently Trump is the least popular Republican president who won on a technicality, since the last one. Basically it's a consistent trend among the alt-right (the_donald claims to have six million subscribers) to drastically overestimate your support and popularity since your entire political worldview is based exclusively on your precious fee-fees.
If the Tories win I'll be shocked. I mean they're post Brexit plan is even less spending even though Britain's economy is already slowing down, every prediction shows it won't get better after Brexit, and every sane economists advice is that you need more spending in a recession otherwise the economy collapses under the weight of a vicious cycle caused by people not spending. And don't get me started on her plans to keep Britain safe by looking lovingly over at the theocratic police state envisioned in V for Vendetta.
No. Demons are explicitly fallen angels where as mages are humans. Basically you'd have to find a way to turn yourself into an angel (good luck), go back in time hundreds of thousands of years (this is almost impossible since you know no longer have magick), sign on with Lucifer, get defeated and thrown into the Abyss, and go insane. So this is an incredibly convoluted plan that rewards you with less power instead of more in which even if you succeed you'll still have anihilated your Avatar. Why?
How can you tell? And how can you tell the response is a sincere rebuttal attempt by the alt-right and not a satire of what an alt-righter would say?
Trumpetes 2016: yeah go Comey! Take down those dirty Democrats Trumpetes 2017: obviously Comey has been working for the Clintons the whole time. Welcome to the_donald; where truth doesn't matter and reality is all made up.
Sauron makes the One Ring, Celebrimbor just makes it better for him. The Black Gate was abandoned a thousand years ago when a plague depopulated Gondor and they never recovered. The Nazghûl took Minas Ithil around TA 2001. Here's the thing though: I think canon is one of the silliest things nerds get too worked up over. Like Star Wars, if you enjoy the old books and comics no one is stopping you from enjoying them and there no more real than the new movies, all of this is made up. Same thing here, this is a new, modern spin on the Lengendarium, it's not official by any means but I can enjoy the made up not real story of Talion and then go read the equally made up and not real stories of Bilbo and Frodo. Chaining story tellers to an "official true" version of fiction limits creativity and is an artifact of the modern age. I mean how many versions are there of say, King Arthur?
Sauron should not have a physical presence in the world without the Ring, there's just too much of himself inside of it. This is actually a recurring theme of Tolkien's villains where their lust for power over time weakens them. Morgoth eventually lost his Valar ability to shapeshift, becoming locked into his Dark Lord form, and the wound Fingolfin dealt him never healed, implying he lost the ability to recovery from injury. You are correct, there is no LoTR branding because this isn't a LoTR game. It's a Middle-Earth game. I think they did get permission from New Line for the use of Gollum's appearance but the problem is that they're depiction of Gollum was so perfect that I think most people agree that IS how he's supposed to look.
It is set after the Hobbit, basically after the White Council drives Sauron from Mirkwood. This means it's set 60 years before Bilbo's birthday party.
But here's the difference. Yes technically the president is Comey's boss, but as director of the FBI Comey isn't supposed to be loyal to the president, his loyalty is to the Constitution and the laws of the United States. Trump doesn't want that, Trump expects and demands loyalty to him because he's the president. But the president is not above the law, this is why men like Comey are not expected to owe him any alligence because what if the president is breaking the law?
Those are just homeless people.
I had to double check this since Sauron never physically appears in either book. But Saruman in the Fellowship of the Ring film is the only time this idea is mentioned, and Tolkien Gateway brings up the possibility that this is deceit to make the forces of Good underestimate Sauron's strength. I retract my statement.
Probably. And it's also most likely my own confirmation bias where stuff like what I mentioned stands out to me.
Kind of disappointed Tolkien never had Sauron show up at the end of Book Five to fight Aragorn. I guess that would have been too pat for Tolkien.
So they can just so long as it causes cognitive dissonance.
Basically. Cool Microsoft you made the most powerful console on the market, what can we do with it? Oh you know. Halo. Gears. The usual.
If I was a developer I would rather work for Sony than most other publishers. Take Guerrilla. For years they had been reliably turning out Killzone games. Then they go to Sony with this weird new idea that they've never done before in a genre they've never done before and they want to focus on this and stop Killzone. And Sony said "ok do it". When Bungie came to Microsoft with the idea of Destiny (still a FPS, still a game about armored space marines fighting evil aliens) Microsoft dropped Bungie and then created a studio who exists exclusively to make Halo titles and nothing else. What's weird with Microsoft is that they could actually take on Nintendo in regards to mascot games. I know they have Banjoe-Kazooie, Conker, and Blink the Time Cat but they do nothing with these characters.
I don't find the movies cheesy. In find them similar in the way Star Wars tried to approach its space opera epic in a grounded and gritty fashion rather than the camp that was in other titles at the time. I would say that both the films and the books are operatic.
And are on other systems. An Xbox Scorpio is basically mid-way between a PS4 and a gaming PC, but a good chunk of those third party games AND some of Microsoft's own games are on PC. At the end of the day console exclusive software is the only real determining factor in selecting a console, otherwise it's just brand loyalty. If you don't have or want a gaming PC then the only reason I can see for an Xbox One is you really like Halo, Gears, and Forza way more than Sony's enormous library of third and first party titles.
Queen Elizabeth I. And your message is undercut by Annah be getting married to Christoff at the end.
What is this from? I've been referencing this joke for years on and off but I don't know where it comes from. I think it's hilarious however even out of context.
I was just using that as an example that it's impossible for an author to have a political neutral view and so that view can and does bleed into the work, and then someone with a political ax to grind can interpret it as political. In terms of authors using their story as propaganda I would put Tolkien on one end of the spectrum, and C.S. Lewis on the other (Ayn Rand is too low hanging fruit and unlike her, Lewis can write a damn fine story).
Dude this is Reddit.
Your desire to live is less important than my desire for you to shut the fuck up. Also little shit deleted all of his comment replies.
They're like a cabal of dumber Tom Clancies.
Not that it matters but they are right in that Harriet Beecher Stowe never lived in the South. And of course all Southern authors would tell you how great slavery was for the common man, just ask Mark Twain. Ok bad example. Oh I know Margret Mitchell okay that's two bad examples.
So slavery is okay when it's black people but when I'm a slave because of taxation it's absolutely unacceptable?
Pathfinder has so much content now that it would drastically slow down production to try and cram all of it into this game, especially when some of that content doesn't match the theme or tone of Kingmaker (this is why I suspect Monks have been cut) Hoping for any content beyond the Core Book is asking for disappointment.
Can't stop here. This is fact country.
I too have seen The Lego Movie.
Are they going to appoint to the Federal Reserve a Ron Paul style Goldbug who hates fiat currency?
Aaaand he defended his Sandy Hook conjecture. I mean I guess we shouldn't have expected otherwise. Jones created it, conjured it from thin air. There are dozens of lives he's ruined for no real good reason.
Based on what you're talking about I'd set this game in Detroit. If you don't want to research Detroit you could easily invent your own fictional rust-belt decaying urban hellscape.
It's coming out on the day of the DLC, it's not the same as the free patch coming out today.
Probably drunk. Hitchens loved his vices.
Oh sorry. We mean Christianity.
In the 1950's. Chinese history is 5,000 years-old. Remember China invented gunpowder and magnetic compasses long before Europeans and were for a while the most technologically advanced civilization on the planet, but at some point they just stopped and Europe ended up eclipsing them.
People make weird assumptions about the world. I remember some Reddituers complaining about the lack of technological advancement in Skyrim due to it being set 200 years after Oblivion, conviently ignoring that the Empire is now a former fraction of its size, beset by wars and internal division, and the other major power prefers magic.
Does it ever occur to you geniuses that sometimes the reason an idea becomes mainstream is because it's correct? Slavishly not believing in anything mainstream because it's mainstream is not critical thinking.
Mulan isn't even a princess. She's a middle-class girl whose only prospect in life was to be married to someone of higher station. Then her daddy got recalled to armed services, so she ran off and killed an army.
Was a hunger mechanic necessary? I always just ruled it that vampires down to 1/3rd of their Blood Pool where hungry and vampires down to their last point faced frenzy rolls just from smelling someone nearby. Also what happened to the Tremere?
We just want to murder everyone who doesn't look like us, lock up all women in-doors and bar them from society, and basically restructure society into a military industrial dictatorship and we can't figure out why people think that's evil.
That is correct. It's an actual legal protection because litigation is a Constitutional right. What the_dipshit is proposing is a form of litigious bullying, if you sue him we'll sue you. So naturally, it's flat out unconstitutional to counter-sue someone for suing a third party you're not involved with. Their "case" is stillborn, if they try to file it they will be laughed out before they can even see a courtroom.
Pirates was 14 years ago. National Treasure was okay too. Let's keep making those for the next decade.
If it's an Airsoft rifle shouldn't it have an orange tip on the end, or is her dad trying to get her killed by the police?
In California I'm sure it's required. I had friends in college who were all very into Airsoft and I asked about it.
Well don't worry because Milky Way and Andromeda are on a collision course. But here's the thing, the massive distances in space getting more massive won't really affect our ability to travel. For argument let's assume our current understanding of physics is both correct and complete; FTL travel is impossible but space folding and wormholes are possible. Either we never invent wormhole technology, at which point we will never be able to practically leave the Sol system, or we do, at which point the actual distance between any two points in space is irrelevant.
Wolfenstein: The New Order.
Then you have the modern Christian derived cults like Mormonism, Jehova's Witnesses, and the People's Temple.
That's true but just endlessly printing money causes hyper-inflation ala Zimbabwe.
Robert Mugabe had his government just keep printing money to pay off debts and now their currency is so worthless most Zimbabweans use either South African rand (although Zuma has grossly devalued the rand as well) or American dollars.
Trump has still built more hotels and casinos then they ever will. I mean it was with his daddy's money but still.
This why whenever I talk about Sean "I still haven't been waterboarded for charity" Hannity I always mention that he hasn't been water boarded for charity.
Obviously this guy is trolling but that's some damn good bait.
People calling any large therapod a T-rex is to me what people calling every pistol a glock is to gun nuts.
Not really. Not in Oxford. On top of that the Legendarium was originally conceived as an Anglo-Saxon answer to the pagan, pre-Christian mythological histories of the Irish or the Scandinavian peoples (the Anglo-Saxons never really had any) before it ended up gaining a life of its own. But just because Tolkien wrote it along time ago doesn't mean we have to bound by those same sensibilities. After all, at one point the southern borders of Gondor stretched into Harad. In the early days of the Third Age everyone believed Sauron was gone forever and Gondor made peace with the people who had served Sauron. With their borders extended into Near Harad there's no reason why some Haradrim wouldn't immigrate into Gondor seeking a better life.
That seems like a natural byproduct of exploiting physics with shapeshifter biology. A Crinos is huge so if you use the powerful leg muscles and leap then immediately downshift to Lupus you just dropped mass considerably while maintaining momentum leading to an increase in velocity. Either way I hope you're not pidgeon-hold to one Tribe. With three breeds, five Auspics, and 13 Tribes Apocalypse has a lot of character customization potential.
Guys like this are demeaning to both men and women. Oh you can't cook or clean because them's wimmin's work? So basically what you're saying is that you like independent life skills and can't function without a woman to do basic shit for you? That doesn't sound like a grown man that sounds like a baby.
It basically started in July with the NSA and CIA backtracking the hacks into the DNC from Russia. Then people started looking closely at Trump because while the rest of the Republican party was condemning the hacks as a threat to national cyber-security Trump was very smug and self-righteous, asking on Russia to do some more. Then we started noticing that a lot of key people in Trump's campaign had been meeting with Russian ambassadors and when asked about it they lied. All of this happened months before the election.
And yet I see plenty of XCOM players infuriated when 95% chance shots miss.
If you're getting Bloodlines make sure to get the latest Unofficial patch.
There's three endings and each one has radically different implications for the universe but the path to them stayed pretty straight. What changed were which characters stayed with you.
I know a few weird bits of inspiration behind Lord of the Rings details. The Ents attack on Isengard was inspired by little boy Tolkien's disappointment that McBeth's castle wasn't literally attacked by an army of trees. Originally Pippin was going to die in the Battle of the Pelannor fields but C.S. Lewis convinced Tolkien not to. Beren was basically Tolkien's author insertion hero character, making Luthien his wife. They are burried next to each other with Beren and Luthien on their graves. The day they danced under a tree together in a village outside of Oxford inspired the scene where Beren meets Luthien dancing under starlight in Doriath. In the first edition of The Hobbit, Gollum puts the ring up as a wager. This was edited out in later editions as it didn't fit the idea of the One Ring being addictive. There is a scene in the Fellowship were Gandalf implies he believes that Bilbo lied about how he got the Ring. The Hobbit is supposed to be a translation of Bilbo's memoirs found by Tolkien. Not inspiration but it shows how well Tolkien worked at covering his ass when it came to retconning The Hobbit into the Middle-earth Legendarium. Edit: it's Macbeth
No be we would be immediately best friends.
Being called Treebeard leaves something to the imagination. Also Ents are described as resembling the trees they guard. Nice try cherry picking your quotes.
Also it was a really clumsy prophecy. He was a cescarian birth.
The Red Book of Westmarch, or, The Downfall of the Lord of the Rings and the Return of the King: A Tale of the Third Age by the Little People by Frodo Baggins.
Not all religions are about the hope of life beyond death. There is no afterlife in mainstream and Orthodox Judaism. Instead most Jewish people practice their faith because it's an integral part of their history and cultural identity. Even atheist Jews like my friend find it difficult to just throw away all of the rituals and holidays they grew up with because they're ingrained into the idea of being Jewish. Given the renewed interest in historical or mesopaganism, the rise of Zoroastrianism among Kurds, and the opening of a Norse temple in Greenland, I predict that as the 21st century draws to a close religion will become more of a culture artifact kept around so people have a sense of history and identity and there will be a rising interest in pre-Christian faiths.
I don't get why people get upset when I piss or shit in public. It's perfectly natural.
For a while that book was going to be called The Treason of Isenguard.
Yes but here's the thing: Disney doesn't know shit about the games industry and they know it. In order to get what you want, that Disney license out Star Wars out to different development studios requires them to have their fingers on the pulse of the industry, which they don't have. So they just gave it all to the first publishing giant that came knocking. Edit: A lot of people seem to be treating my statement that Disney doesn't know shit about the games industry as my own personal musings or opinion and are trying to argue against it. Please note that when I say that Disney doesn't understand games, this is something the corporation itself has admitted. Sources: http://www.businessinsider.com/disney-stops-making-games-2016-5 http://www.businessinsider.com/why-disney-stopped-making-video-games-2016-5 https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/9a339v/disney-cancels-disney-infinity-more-star-wars-games-will-come "[The video game] business is a changing business, and we did not have enough confidence in the business in terms of it being stable enough to stay in it from a self-publishing perspective," - Bob Iger, CEO.
That's not Disney, it's Marvel. More accurately Marvel still owns its own licensing rights. Marvel Games is a Marvel owned company that distributes the licensing rights to other game companies. Disney isn't even involved. Star Wars on the other hand was fully sold to Disney, licensing and merchandising included because Lucas was done with handling Star Wars and Lucas Films and wanted to retire.
If only IMAX could find a way to harness the power of alt-right projecting.
Middle-Eastern geopolitics is such a clusterfuck of the enemy of my enemy is also my enemy. Basically Syria, Israel, and Al-Qaeda are all enemies, so if Israel can cripple both Syria and Al-Qaeda in the same airstrike, why wouldn't they. If Syria, ISIS, and AQ beat themselves senseless and bloody trying to win the Syrian Civil War, the result is three enemies of Israel who are in no state to attack Israel. I imagine this user is not very good at Risk.
Future cities will be forests. Like the Elves. My environmentalism says yes but my allergies say no.
I honestly have no idea how people can let themselves go this far. I'm currently the heaviest I've been in my life (5'11" 200lbs) and I feel uncomfortable in my own body. I just squeezed into the overweight category and I can't stand it. I'm constantly aware of the tiny bit of belly fat resting against my jeans. It's awful. So I'm eating less, moving more, and completely ejected soda and other sugary drinks from my diet.
Yeah just toxins. Which toxins, at what concentrations, and where is not mentioned.
And then people look at me weird when I say that I buy everything with cash or debit because I don't like the idea of paying with future money I don't have that also has interest.
On one hand I can sympathize with the desire for a male-only safe space. But you can't just take an entire entertainment industry and wall it off just for yourself. And table-top games. And comic books. And movies.
How to Ron Paul 1. Claim there will be an economic collapse any day due to not being on the gold standard every day until you're a senile old codger no one cares about. 2. An economic collapse or recession happens for reasons other than what you said. 3. Claim victory.
Wasn't it? The Infinity Engine would go on to power: Planescape: Torment, Baldur's Gate II, Icewind Dale, and Icewind Dale II.
Because I don't like having another bill to pay to pay off other bills. Either I have the money or I don't have the money. Also all of my budgeting is done through my checking account so adding a credit card just makes my life more complicated. My wife has a credit card and all of our accounts are shared. I never use it but her good credit goes to my credit score which is why mine is so high despite never using credit.
What was this cartoon? It looks familiar.
Typically those countries have equally old religions and philosophical traditions that promote conformity to a hetero-normative orthodox. After several centuries they get ingrained in the minds of conservative people who believe that because it's always been like this it's because it's right. As for Japan it's in a weird state. Like China they have a strong cultural attitude towards conformity and following traditions, but at the same time they gran special exceptions to pop idols and celebrities. So if you're gay or transgendered in Japan and you're famous they sort of parade you around for how progressive they are as a country, but if you're not you better stay right back in that closet and be just like everyone. Study hard, get into one of the three good colleges, and then work non-stop for 40 years.
The only thing we know about 9/11 was that it wasn't an al-Qeda attack. In fact I don't think Top Minds think AQ has been responsible for any terror act. Makes you wonder why they even bother freaking out about Muslim terrorism at all.
My wife and I have started playing Divinity: Orignal Sin.
I still call it Doom 4, it's the least awkward option given New Doom, Doom '16, or Deum.
It didn't help that Bethesda had started out their review embargo so between the crappy multiplayer beta and the fact that no one could review it until it was out made us all very, very, nervous.
The Bureau was first revealed as X-COM in E3 2010. That's when Spoony had his famous "BETRAYAL!" video. It was a very different game then, it was first-person and the aliens were strange, shifting geometric things. It looked cool but it definitely didn't look like X-COM and that was the problem. XCOM: Enemy Unknown was announced early 2012 and released later the same year while 2K Marin was reworking The Bureau to be more X-COM.
Does Finland exist? Well there's a very easy way to solve this, leave your trailer-park and go there.
Most likely they know that if Trump fires Mueller the FBI can go after him for obstruction of justice.
It wasn't racist. It just meant that black people getting stopped and frisk went up 110%. How was that possible? Well some black people would get stopped and frisked by police several times a day.
There's not enough gold on the planet for the US to go back on the gold standard and not suffer crippling hyper-deflation.
Wtf I love Marxism now.
Considering that pre-industrial societies have used everything from seashells to really big rocks as currency, I see no reason to suspect that gold would be any more valuable after the fall of society than say, a fist full of rocks. If anything I'd go with the Metro 2033 route and argue that pre-collapse bullets would be a better currency.
There are bags of hammers out there that could outwit this kid.
The Deep State was the excuse concocted by the Trumpanzees to explain how a president who's party controls all the branches of government can't get almost anything done. It's not due to Trump's violent, unpredictable outbursts or basic incompetency, it's the Deep State. And who runs the Deep State? Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton because of course. They've spent so much of their lives hyping those two up as the ultimate boogeymen that now that they've retired from politics the alt-right had to invent a conspiracy so they can keep blaming Hillary and Obama for everything.
If you're drawing Overwatch porn then Millennials are your audience.
So you voted for Trump because you wanted to stick it to the establishment. Well let's see. Trump has censored the government when it comes to climate change a big win to Big Oil. He's crammed his cabinets with a ton of big business cronies. His pick for FCC chairmen destroyed Net Neutrality. And finally Trump's big tax revamp is the closest the US has ever gotten to a regressive tax plan where people making between $15,000-$75,000 a year will pay more in taxes in order to pay for the tax cuts given to income earners making more than $250,000 a year. So yeah, you really pulled on over the establishment there.
It's a problem when you're trying to answer the question of "Is Saulot a good guy?" Depends who you ask.
Aren't the Jesuits Catholic?
I mean obviously people who spread Christianity to 112 countries couldn't possibly be Christian.
Why even have hospitals?
"Did you know the Pope is a Jesuit?" Yeah it says so on his Wikipedia article.
We are.
The instant things start to get even a little complicated and they start running around begging to be told what to think.
The only reason Tutankamun is a big deal to us is because he was the first king who's tomb was discovered undisturbed. But the reason it was undisturbed was because he was the last son of the heretical mad king Ahkenaten and the last king of the 18th dynasty. BTW the Giza Pyramids where built by the 5th dynasty.
Really the only pharaohs you could say where white where the rulers of the Ptolemic dynasty. Because they where Macedonians. Also they ruled over a thousand years after Tutankamun.
White was a meaningless concept until the Transatlantic Slave Trade invented modern racism.
In the US it's called free speech and is legal.
Trump demands his underlings fall on their swords for him and is angered to discover they aren't underlings, they are his staff, and he is not a hill worth dying on for anyone.
They had to say it that way because Aubrey Plaza is the only one allowed to swear in the movie because she can do that thing with her mouth.
That's not how karma works.
Back when I lived in South Africa my Dad was project manager for Pegasus Construction and they were handed the contract to build the first mall with an escalator in Swaziland. The whole damn country showed up just to ride the escalator.
The best part was it was because Mao didn't feel like he had enough power in government. Basically as a result of the disasterous failing of the Great Leap Forward Mao Zedong had a lot of authority pushed away from him and given to people who could actually run a country. So after sitting around mired in his own impotence Mao decided to show everyone he was still in charge by giving a bunch of guns to high school kids and telling them to go beat up college professors. TL;DR Mao Zedong fucked up China for half a century to show everyone what a big man he was.
Evolution doesn't happen in stages, it's a continual process.
Which is so weird right? If Trump had jailed Hillary Clinton and George Soros would he communicate that exclusively through tie selections and how he drinks his water, or would he do it through the most self-aggrandizing press release imaginable? Like something that would make Dubya's "Mission Accomplished" seem humble and not an extraordinary waste of tax payer money.
Yes but first they have to drink the Dew and that's that part I'm skeptical about. Or do they do it with water wings, a rape whistle, and adult supervision?
Since fascist narratives sine wave between hero and victimhood depending on how the fascist feels they are consistently in a position where they can't accurately judge the strength of their enemies.
I needed to take 4-5 courses a semester to graduate from my four year degree in four years. That's a full-time course load. What kind of deranged professor thinks their class is so important that everyone attending should postpone their academic careers by half a year for them?
There's an interesting analysis of the Emperor on 1d4chan that makes the point that the Emperor understands people as an aggregate and champions humanity as a concept but he can't relate to individuals as individuals. He created the Primarchs as tools to save humanity according to his vision and didn't stop to consider how a collection of warriors, many unstable, would react to being retired.
Is that why he was so tone deaf as to cast white actors in Gods and Men?
They also can't seem to agree with themselves if Hillary Clinton is under house arrest or in Gitmo.
I'm white but my white wife and I are childless. Are we white genocide?
Being an actual pedophile but also a Republican: it's all good. We don't care anymore.
How dare people stereotype me due to my association with raving gun nuts, not like those violent Antifa thugs.
Tweeting how you're a stable genius.
In this example: no. Many of those depictions are the result of the relative isolation of many European Christians before the age of mass transit. Everyone around you is white, you rarely ever year about the foreign people of far away, so you just kind of assume everyone is white or being white is the default. Its kind of no different to how many Chinese works depict the Buddha as Chinese despite the Buddha being Indian.
Nibiru went away for a few years after the impossible to predict physics-defying planet didn't smash into the Earth like it was predicted to but now that it's been over five years since they failed at predicting the end of the world and called every NASA scientist a disinfo agent they're back at it again. My guess is that five years is how long the average conspiracy nut's memory lasts for.
They didn't even agree religiously. Lewis was an Anglican and Tolkien was a Catholic. But they were still friends.
Why don't you do this fucking thing called learning?
This would be interesting if they were trying to establish the God-Machine as something alien to the Chronicles of Darkness. But it doesn't seem like they bother going that deep into the lore. Either way I still don't like how supernaturals supernaturally are bent towards liking Beasts but Beasts aren't. It feels like a writer introducing a new character several seasons into a show and then makes everyone like this new character to make the audience like them. It feels forced and not organic. Especially since the activities of Beasts can definitely create conflicts with the activities of other supernaturals, like I sort of implied with my werewolf game, Beasts can come off as being Claimed (so your soul was destroyed and replaced by a force that compels you to scare people and give them nightmares).
Werewolf has a Gift that allows an Uratha to change their sex. The power is presented in the game without comment, how you use it or what it means to you is up to you. Promethean has an interesting take on transgender characters when you consider that a Frankenstein doesn't have to be sewed together from corpses of the same sex. So how does a creature relate to human sex and gender when half of it's body is made from men and the other half is made from women? That's a really interesting take. Or you have the Unfleshed who can be constructed literally without any gender identity at all. Promethean allows for all sorts of interesting explorations of how sex, gender, and sexuality influence our understanding of being human since the goal of a Promethean is to turn a decidedly non-human thing into a human. Meanwhile a good chunk of the Beasts in the core book are gay or genderfluid but the book doesn't do anything with it. Is it saying that Beasts are like gay people because they are persecuted? But Beasts bring the persecution on themselves by being, you know, monsters who ruin people's lives and sometimes kill them. Is the book saying that gay people bring their persecution on themselves for being gay? I don't know. I don't know what its saying by trying to parallel Beasts to LGBT issues and I don't think the writers knew either.
So then we circle back to the bully revenge fantasy.
I have seen Spirit Science's "Our History is Not What You Think" video. You have no idea how right you are.
SJWs are the super weak crybabies who are an omnipotent cultural force and control all corporations.
The issue isn't he called the countries shitholes, the issue is that he hates the idea of people from crappy countries coming to the US. I.E. why do the people most likely to immigrate to the US immigrate to the US? Why can't people from nice countries move here? Well it's because moving from say Sweden to the US means youre now one medical emergency away from bankruptcy, but moving from Somalia to the US means you have hospitals.
These guys remind me of the loons over at Rapture Ready where misplacing your keys was spiritual warfare.
When you're a Scientologist you know that you're the only person who can make a difference. I drive up to an accident, I see a doctor, I ask him if he's a Scientologist, he says no, I punch him in the face.
[Nairobi Kenya](https://constructionreviewonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/cbwfq3fmze4oj5hins5925ed8152173.jpg) [Detroit USA](http://detroit.movie/assets/content/history/history-still-v2-5.jpg)
Well I asked him and he said he was the best at cyber.
Trump is going to kill the Jews and weaken the Saudis except Trump's foreign policy has been give Israel everything it wants and sell weapons to Saudi Arabia.
Not really enough people. It's the same problem the ancient Noiad bloodline had.
If you're so concerned for your safety why not learn a martial art?
There are game news sites other than Polygon.
But Kotaku has covered Kingdom Come [several](https://kotaku.com/kingdom-come-deliverance-has-a-new-trailer-and-a-new-r-1795996830) [times.](https://kotaku.com/my-ride-through-kingdom-come-the-medieval-rpg-with-no-1775884504) Sure they haven't covered it as much as Overwatch e-sports news, but I wouldn't call doing a preview on the beta and posting new trailers when they release a blackout.
I'm terrified of Jews. Also, I've never met one.
Summoning demons with necromancy? That's not how dark magic works at all. You summon ghosts with necromancy, demons with goetia. God.
Dump that gas guzzling smog machine already.
Hillary Clinton is a sick old woman who will drop dead from illness any day now but she's also an all powerful witch who controls the Deep State and devours hundreds of babies a day.
The Great Pyramid is King Khufu's tomb. King Khufu was from the fifth dynasty, Tutankahmun was the 18th. So the Great Pyramid was ancient to ancient Egyptians depending on which period of history you're talking about. The other pyramids at the Giza complex are Khafre's and Menkaure's tombs. It's astounding how ignorant of everything these people are.
They have no connection to the shit they say.
In cities you have these things called roads which are made of asphalt which can't catch fire. So when wildfires hit cities the direction the fire spreads is based entirely on which why the wind blows, this is why seemingly random patches of towns and cities don't catch fire. It's not because random government agents are using advanced weapons (when fucking gasoline and matches will do) to start wildfires for literally no reason. Since the government will have to pay for the reconstruction and firefighting this is an instance of the left and right hands actively fighting each other.
[Didn't the GOP try this new economic policy in Kansas that basically bankrupted the state?](http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-steyer-kansas-tax-cuts-brownback-california-20170622-story.html)
And then his idiot fans confused Ball with LeVar Burton. Needless to say Burton woke up one morning to a storm of very confusing tweets.
So fake news is any form of free speech we don't like. How unironic.
teh lulz. I can't imagine Q as anything other than a troll shitposting on /pol/ and laughing at the gullible idiots who take the predictions he clearly just pulls out of his ass as religious truths.
Republicans don't stand for anything anymore. The party exists to serve the interests of the 1% and its voters just support their party because it's their party. Their values are just there to keep up appearances, the moment said values become an obstacle to the party they are rejected and the disgusting hypocrisy is not even noticed.
Nazis are leftists. *Two months earlier* Killing Nazis in Wolfenstein is leftist propaganda.
Oh and here's an article on [galaxy formation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galaxy_formation_and_evolution) since you expressed interest in how galaxies "make themselves". (Hint: they don't)
I'm going to the Woman's March and I have yet to recieve my $oro$buck$. Is my check in the mail? What gives?
Garou automatically heal 1 point of bashing or lethal damage each round (prioritize bashing over lethal). So if a werewolf get's incapacitated by bashing or lethal damage it kind of doesn't matter because they'll just recover from it on their next turn. Also werewolves gain temporary Glory renown from being incapacitated so the game sort of encourages players to get their assess kicked.
And he doesn't deserve it because the only thing he's done is waste our money playing golf, piss off all of our allies, and make a tax plan that personally benefits himself.
Yes. It just takes a lot. Once you box someone out on bashing damage any further bashing damage is upgraded to lethal and once you box them out on lethal any further damage is upgraded to aggravated. This way it's possible to beat someone to a bloody pulp with a baseball bat it just takes a long time.
Yes. Scientists do use tentative language to describe the Big Bang model because all theories are only held to be true unless a better theory can replace it. No one who understands the material holds the Big Bang as absolute truth. Science gave up on absolute truth around the time of the Uncertainty Principle, now we just strive for the most accurate data possible.
I know that. But the New Testament has some very explicit and very choice words about requirements to enter the magical made up fantasy land vis-a-vis wealth. Hint: don't have any.
I was thinking of creating a medieval fantasy setting where Uratha were the nobility of a kingdom and the Tribes were literal, actual Tribes. I started creating a feudal inheritance system based around Uratha breeding patterns, meaning that rather than simply nobleborn men inheriting land, it was full-blooded Uratha. This meant that the Wolf-Bloods would be the ones married off between Uratha families to secure alliances. So I imagined the setting had an old Birthright feel to it, where the player characters were essentially nobles who owned property and had to take care of all the usual feudal politicking, but they were still Uratha, the Hisil still existed and they still needed to police it, so they were also nobles who were expected to actually do stuff instead of just sitting around in their palaces eating all the cakes.
Muh pastor told me dem union's da devil's wurk.
I read a book on my phone. Seriously books aren't magical. I hate the fetishization of books by dumb people who pretend to be smart.
How does vinegar, garlic, lime, and ginger give me flu immunity?
&gt; This is of course assuming that vaccinations cause mental and/or physical disabilities. They don't. I don't know, maybe, just fucking maybe, even the powers that be realize that having workforce that is ravaged by disease is counterproductive to their ends. Like, just maybe, they're not Captain Planet villains.
Yeah I don't like that for some orcs they deliver a goddamn speech. In Mordor it was just "I'm big and going to kill you."
My high school stoners said it was natural. So is rattlesnake venom but you don't want it in you.
Independent research is a whistle phrase for only reading material that confirms my fee-fees.
My LARP experience is you can't have foam swords you had to have an index card that said sword.
Their bar is being used in Satan's limbo contest.
As far as I'm concerned if something appears to exhibit consciousness (passes a Turning test is an example) then it should be treated as having consciousness. Otherwise the only other path leads to solipsism.
A bundle of sticks used for burning. Cuz we want to burn homosexuals. That's how fag became a prejorative word for gay people.
Predicting a government shutdown with this administration was never a matter of if, only when. Especially given that Congress pushed the budget back to focus on their aborted attempt at replacing the ACA.
This is some very severe cancer and the prognosis doesn't look good.
From now on I'm just going to constantly use the wrong gendered pronouns with these people and see how long it takes before they start colonizing me with definitions.
[Waiting for the memo.](http://images.humanresourcesonline.net.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/Bridgette_16_10_17_paychex-survey_HR-fed-up_istock.jpg)
All of this is a moot point because vaccine's don't cause mental illness. You want to know how much mercury was in the dreaded thimerosol? One atom. And it was an atom binding to major parts of the molecule together so it was non-reactive, meaning it was non-toxic. It takes years of exposure to pure mercury for it to cause mental impairment. One atom in one dose that you take once in your life is literally nothing. I need to also remind you that your body has two organs, the liver and the kidneys that filter out toxins so it takes either years of exposure or high doses to get results from poisons. You'd be better off barking up food contamination or chemtrail conspiracies than vaccines.
Got it, the problem here is that you can't distinguish fiction from reality.
I would like to point out that "degenerate" is a Nazi whistle word for everything Nazis don't like.
Scully in the X-Files.
Hey remember when they said it wasn't going to have loot boxes?
No they're not. Game development costs on average where at their highest in 2009. Costs have gone down primarily because of the indie boom allowing a lot of cheaply made games onto the market but also because there are now a lot of tools on the market that can allow you to make good looking games much easier than it used to be. Kingdom Come is made using the CryEngine 3, that alone shaves an enormous amount of time off the costs. The next issue is that we know that games are financially solvent from sales price alone as long as the game sells enough, EA admitted this to their investors. That's what it's all about, it's about investors. It's only the big publicly traded game publishers who pull this shit because they have to appease a bunch of money-hungry shareholders who demand unsustainable amounts of profit growth to feed their endless addiction to money. Small studios like the one behind Kingdom Come can get by just fine if they break even because they can use crowdfunding to get their next project off the feet. As long as the studio breaks even and all their employees get paid and they don't have any big publishers with big shareholders demanding more and more profit, who cares. Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice took 5 years to develop and made its cost back in two months, and that doesn't count the fact that Ninja Theory donated all of the proceeds made in the month of October to the mental health charity that helped them develop the game.
There are three special auspices covered in the 1st edition source book *Signs of the Moon*. They are: Solar Eclipse, the Hiriaka, the Chaotic Warrior. They are different from Irraka in that while the New Moon doesn't want you to know he's there until it's too late, Hiriaka like to create as much chaos and confusion as possible. They're like a combination of Irraka and Cahalith and it works. Lunar Eclipse, Surharrahu, the Trickster Warrior. A combination of Irraka and Rahu, the Surharrahu is about being a precision instrument, you hit the enemy in the weakest point and it goes down in one hit. It's One Punch Man, but a werewolf. The Blood Moon, Gishtahu, the Feasting Killer. This is a special type of Rahu that's about breaking traditions. They can take any Renown except Purity as their Auspice Renown. Unfortunately they are really good about breaking the cannibalism taboo as it grants them twice as much Essence. So basically any Rahu that Changes under next Wednesday will be a Gishtahu and I pity that poor bastard.
In my games when a pack hunts under the blood Luna focuses their rage into the Siskur-Dah. As a house rule when you have the Siskur-Dah condition under a blood red moon you add your ratings in your Auspice Renown to the amount of time you can spend in Gauru. However you also add your Auspice Renown to your Primal-Urge for determining how long you stay in Basu-Im.
It fits the theme of the Supernal Realm in question. Arcadia is fleeting and subtle whereas Forces is a very blunt force trauma Arcana. Pandemonium is a place of the soul, physical matter has no place there. Stygia is a place for the dead, it's listless and grey sucking the Spirit out of everything. Aether is a place brimming with life, energy, and creativity, it's raw energy triumphs over Death's entropy. The Primal Wilds is a place of raw animal instinct that dulls the rational Mind.
Occam's Duct Tape.
This guy doesn't think the Maya (who still do exist) are human?
Too bad the game couldn't evoke any emotions beyond frustration.
Everyone's going to get Death Stranding but no one will get it.
I'm not wrong the world is wrong.
This is such a common trope with hate groups, Nazis do it with Jews. Have your group be strong, amazing, the greatest people in the world who are also powerless and victimized. Have the group you hate be weak and pitiful but also all powerful and in control of the whole world.
After the Israel intelligence leak fiasco I think the alphabet soup agencies are grateful Trump is too stupid to read actual intelligence reports.
Bad games become good games when you have friends. Just look at Borderlands.
Doesn't that imply the Greek gods are real? Some Christians these guys are.
Well LightBringerFlex can be explained by undiagnosed and unmedicated schizophrenia. It's just weird seeing Christians of apparent sound mind basically implying that pagan pantheons exist when a core component of their faith is that there is only one God. The only explanation I can think of is another fundie Christian tradition: scaring each other shitless about stuff that doesn't exist and can't happen. See: Satanic cults, the gay agenda, and kids eating tide pods.
Flies land on decomposing meat. Flies poop on meat. Temperature doesn't kill fly poop. Now you're eating poop.
Then why did Trump, not Pence, not his cabinet, Trump try to ban transgender people from the military after the Joint Chiefs opposed the ban?
Artist meets another artist. What could this possibly mean?
Just use the 1st edition bloodlines until they change them. Currently they work just fine. This isn't like Werewolf were they fundamentally changed the way Gifts work to the point where they are incompatible, from what I can see first edition Bloodline Disciplines still work fine in 2nd Edition Requiem.
Yes. But you should consider their use limited to NPCs and potential antagonists. Mixing splatlines among player characters tends to turn games into an episode of the Munsters.
I love how white genocide is diverse population homogenizing gradually over generations.
Anything I don't like isnt art.
Literally some of the worse content White Wolf ever produced.
The Unabomber had a fucked up CIA experiment that made him the way he was. This kid is doing it to himself.
I outsourced all of my research to clouds. They know things and are always watching.
Didn't he also write Demon the Descent?
For starters we would have to ask ourselves: what is *Beast the Primordial* about? Well from my reading it's about being a cursed monster who has to feed off humanity to slake unnatural hungers while being in turn hunted by the few humans who are aware that you exist. This sounds familiar because as a concept it was already executed to great commercial and critical success by *Vampire the Masquerade* in 1991. Okay so *Beast* isn't treading fresh ground but the problem like I said before is that *Beast* is in denial about its own nature and it pretends that its something like *Werewolf* or *Geist* where sure we might be monsters, but we're good monsters trying to make the world better. Except in the werewolf games you're either trying to save the world from the apocalypse or you're trying to protect the world from amoral predatory spirits. *Werewolf the Forsaken* gets to turn what would otherwise be slavering monstrosities into compelling protagonists by successfully making the case that they are necessary and despite their nastier elements, they do make the world a better place. *Beast* falls at this hurdle, I don't get the sense that Beasts "teaching a lesson" angle of what they do is anything other than a filmsy, post-hoc rationalization for being monsters and that sucks. Frankly their methods are terrible, all they can do is instill avoidance behavior and there's no guarantee their victims might even understand there's a lesson there at all. Vampires don't go around telling themselves that ghouling and turning people into blood dolls is for their own good, they do it because vampires are monsters and humans are their prey. Both *Vampire* games acknowledge that vampires are not nice people, and the ones who try to be are struggling hard against that nature. So like I said the first step is to drop the "lessons" bit, or keep it but present it as a weak excuse Beasts who are uncomfortable with their nature use to deny what they really have become. The rules on feeding don't support it anyway, an Anakim Tyrant can amass a Texas Chainsaw Massacre reputation as a hillbilly monster who collects torsos and the only lesson he would need to teach is "don't be outside when the guy with the womanskin mask comes to harvest torsos". So with that angle gone *Beast* is sort of stuck getting too close to *Vampire's* territory, it's a game of personal horror where the horror comes from facing what you are and what you have to do to keep worse things from happening. It's selling point is that while *Vampire* pidgeon-holds you into being a vampire, Beasts can be anything. The other major elephant in the room that needs to be addressed is Heroes. They're a mess and we all know it and I don't need to explain why. So let's just make them more sympathetic, since sympathetic villains are a sign of a good writer (take notes McFarland). The first step to fixing them is acknowledging that Heroes are the result of Beasts failing at being good Beasts (a good Beast is not a "teacher of wisdom" but a Beast who keeps their Horror feed responsibly and is not too proud of some of the things they have to do as a result). Heroes are born from Beasts screwing up and letting their Horrors ruin another person. A Beast should confront a Hero with a mixture of shame and disappointment, not scorn and ridicule. Also, Heroes should not be universally assholes, they can be obsessed, monomaniacal, and self-involved, but they do have a point: monsters are real and they ruined my life. They turned me into an emotional train wreak (remember low Integrity doesn't mean you're a bad person, it means you literally cannot even in the face of spooky shit) and I want, no need, payback. When I first read about Heroes when *Beast* was being pitched I thought about David from *Animorphs*. Yes, David was a selfish, narcissistic little brat who nearly killed off the protagonists and damned Earth to the Yeerks, but he was also a product of the Animorph's screwing up and inflicting their nightmare life onto a scared kid who wasn't mentally or emotionally prepared for it. David was still one of the biggest threats the Animorphs ever faced, but the tragedy of his situation is what made his story stick with me for over 20 years. So that's my take on it. Oh also that rule about how Beasts get a +2 bonus and an automatic door unlock when dealing with other supernatural splats can go right off and fuck itself. How to Fix Beast TL;DR: drop the "we're doing it for your own good" attitude, make Beasts sympathetic but making them afraid of their own Horrors and what their Horrors can do if unchecked, and make Heroes less Gaston and more David from *Animorphs*.
The Tories counted their eggs before they hatched and decided that was good enough intel to stake the country's financial future of a bit of political theater.
Brexit is to the UK as President Trump is to the US. Enormously unpopular but rules is rules and now that we all voted to eat shit flavored pudding at the time because it sounded funny, we have to eat the shit pudding and guess what? It's shit.
Because most of the users are hoarding them because BC isn't a currency, it's a pump-and-dump scam. As to my claim it's actually worse than I posted. [Only 22% of BitCoin's are in circulation, the rest are hoarded.](https://www.technollama.co.uk/a-look-at-the-bitcoin-network-transaction-history)
EA didn't just get critical and industry heat for Battlefront 2 2017, they got legal heat from a variety of lawmakers wondering "are they making kids gamble?" If that doesn't make them seriously reconsider their business model going forward, nothing will.
Are there any actual pedophile symbols?
They don't have anything published yet.
But Nambla had a logo, not a symbol. And they were a public group and demonstrated why a public pedophile group was a bad idea. But what I mean is are there secret pedophile symbols pedophiles use to identify one another? Like hobo signs but for child molestation? Because I don't think there are any. Plus isn't it a little convenient that all of the major pedophile symbols are common, basic geometric shapes (triangles, circles, squares?).
Not quite sure what that has to do with my point. Either way the stock market is slowly becoming a less and less accurate indicator of economic health. Really, we are in the second gilded age.
We're all slaves to this system so long as you don't make the conscious decision to not drink soda anymore.
Well the tabletop game I understand due to the words "Table-top" but a video game should be free of such a limitation.
Not sure if bot or user. CBTS's userbase fails the Turing Test.
Things don't just happen. It's all apart of ~~God's~~ The DEEP DISH PIZZA'S plan
I haven't seen it or heard of it. But I mean, it's a creationist video and they haven't invented a new talking point in 6,000 years so I would brush up on usual creationist counter-arguments. So go learn real science.
So it's a thing where a rich dynasty loses 90% of its wealth by the third generation. These two are the idiots who will collapse the Trumpire.
I wonder if these guys think that mixing a golden lab with a black lab is white genocide.
Making sure something breeds and passes on its gene line is genocide right?
They've sort of realized that PizzaGate was a complete wash but don't want to admit they were taken in by such an obvious partisan hoax so instead they've redefined it to be about all pedophilia. Then why even call it PizzaGate anymore if it has nothing to do with Comet Ping Pong. This is like saying that Watergate has nothing to do with the Watergate break in and instead is about any act of political corruption anywhere on the planet.
The only threat to the evil Zionist globalist cabal was defeated by the fact that they can't stop masturbating to incest porn. That's hilarious.
Do you want to know what it was? He was giving himself double the amount of everyone else had. This mattered because it was a game where experience was a resource you spend buying character upgrades. The other method was he didn't respect the power tree at all, instead of going from the bottom and working up he just bought the powers he felt like. He also got into lore arguments all the time and was always wrong.
Everyone in their world communicates in secret codes posted on public spaces. This is stupid even for hack cloak and dagger spy novels.
Dark Heresy 2nd Edition and he was a Psyker.
Old enough to be an Iraq War vet.
https://i.imgur.com/n8umjWj.png
