The easiest thing is to get a new band, but I like to come up with creative fixes too. 1. Determine the ideal position for the loop. 2. Drill two tiny holes in the existing band. I have drills smaller than 1/32". You could force a pin through using pliers for grip on the pin. 3. Find suitable leather from an old coat or shoe upper. 4. Cut a doner piece the size of the loop that you want. 5. Sew the two ends of the loop to the base of the band using the two holes made above. You would use the two holes as well as wind the thread around the outside edge of the band. 6. Use nylon thread if possible for strength.
I don't know the age or model of car and that could help. Why is that tape around the hose? Check the fluid levels and see what is leaking. If it is brake fluid, drive slowly and guardedly to service after filling it. An oil leak you can keep topping off until it's bad enough to warrant a fix by way of mess and expense. An antifreeze leak is tricky. Most leaks get worse and antifreeze is under pressure so it can get worst fast. The insidious part is that air is drawn into the system and causes hot spots in cylinder heads that eventually can cause a blown head gasket valued at many times the leak repair cost, sometime the whole engine. Leaks can't be ignored until you know exactly what you are dealing with.
A vice is generally mounted on a workbench. Anyone with a workbench and vice probably has an abundance of other tool including scissors. For lengthy cloth, I have an electric pattern cutter. The razor-blade in the vice would not be good for cloth or paper because there is no slicing effect. Still, i don't discount this idea completely as there may be a use in cutting something. Cheese? No. String? Yes Fingers? FoSho
That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
Generally all you need to do is pull out those remaining thread pieces along the seam. They will pull out more easily from the back. sometimes it helps to take the material and roll it between two fingers on each hand to loosen them. You can also use fingernails on the back or even a seam ripper very carefully.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment. Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
Usually, refrigerator/freezer trays have a stop mechanism at the far end of the travel. It's not very complex. It consists of a "speed bump" at the end. You were caught speeding. Place the tray in the slot and lift it over the speed bump and slide it in. Pass me a beer.
There are not many parts to this device. It's mostly a heating element and a heat sensor. The wiring in your picture looks pretty clean. So I guess there is a short in the heating element. It would be unsafe to use if it did start. Consider yourself lucky. A heart transplant of the element is probably not warranted financially. You could confirm all I'm saying by testing with a multi-meter. Check the resistance of the element. It should measure a few ohms. If it measures zero, you confirm a short.
I'd certainly hold off on spending money at this time. I have seen a simple reboot like you did last for six months or until the door was left open by a kid or kid like adult.
Agreed, unless this is the end that the dog chewed up.
I've ruined lots of glasses and screens with compounds. Be sure to post pictures of your results and the technique you used.
Congratulations! Your reply makes my day. PS&gt;Yes, sometimes I just scribe the pattern with a utility knife.
I knew where this was going when you said "set of scales." You only need one scale for weight checking and I suggest a digital model. You don't want to be subjectively reading an analog one. Stop eating sugar and all processed food. That is all.
I can confirm this answer. And I add that you can take the old belt and measure around the circumference. Then measure the width. The angle of the V if it's that type is a factor also, but just eyeball it. Better yet, measure the inside width and compare with replacements. Hardware, appliance and utility vehicle stores stock a wide assortment and can match. Further, Note how much play you have for adjustment of the belt. You may be able to use one slightly longer or shorter as a replacememt.
Looks like a 3/8X16 machine thread to me. I'd hold it closer to the ruler to be sure. This would be an extremely common size, although the head is less common. Depending on what you use it for a simple he head might work as well, but not something with a tapered head. When you find what you think is a match at the store, hold the threads next to each other. The threads should nest together perfectly.
The internal connection where the prong of that plug meets the wire inside is failing. This drives the resistance up and causes heat. Eventually there will be arcing and more heat, even fire. You can't continue to use such a plug. A cheap plug end can be purchased at the hardware for a few bucks. You would need to strip the wires back to install it. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure, have a friend do it, and watch if possible.
Buzz killer here. This is the time to consider various ways to gain a job skill. Either go back to regular school or a trade school of some kind. Learn how to cut hair or something. I realize these things take start-up funds you probably don't have. There must be "gub ment" programs available. If this direction fails, find a job with a tradesman who could eventually sponsor your for a trade. My details may not work for you, but the direction is bullet proof. Your first goal should not be a job and money. It should be finding a way to improve your skills.
Off hand it sounds like the drive stripped a gear. This is the buzz. You know it has power. There is no generic fix. You have probably already tried to coax i to work by manually helping it to dance. If that doesn't work you will need to disassemble it and observe the defect, probably a stripped gear.
From the picture it looks like that pivot arm is pressed into the chair portion. You don't have equipment to remove it unless you could cobble up a drive piece with a C-clamp. You could beat it out with a hammer and punch if it were quite loose and I bet not. Your next alternative is to design some bracket to duplicate the function. This would be the job of an avid tinkerer that owned perhaps a welder and an assortment of metal pieces to fabricate with.
I have no experience with this product. Facing a $400 alternative, I would surely give this a try. You will only be working with the damaged part and not spreading the damage. You can always replace part.These products largely depend on the skill of the applicator. I could see cross-purposing this material on siding, garage doors or mail boxes.
I'm not positive what I'm looking at there. When the rust is that bad the screws could be hopelessly rust-bonded in place and require drilling out. Other times just the head is rusty and the threads are pristine. So try removal first. Heating is helpful in making them de-bond and unscrew. A small pencil torch would work. Don't over do it. It looks like a good Philips head on the one. Always use the perfect size driver and push hard in while turning. Another approach is an impact driver that imparts torque and "normal" force at the same instant and can break threads loose. But don't bother buying one if you don't already own one. You could try putting the proper driver in place and tapping a few times with a hammer in hopes of loosening it. And of course there is the obligatory suggestion to wet them with a "Liquid Wrench" type product and let it sit an hour. Lastly, you could deeply slot the heads with a Dremel type tool and a cutoff wheel. However, the head looks so small that the head would probably split off the first time you tried to use a flat head screwdriver on it. That's all I got now.
Yes, but you can always purchase an annuity with a portion of the cash received and achieve the security of yearly payments of the level you choose. And remember, the cash up front proposal is merely the discounted cash flow of the long term payments based on estimated interest rates. The Lotto itself buys an annuity with that SAME cash when the winner chooses long term payments.
I don't drink at all-any more. I work out constantly every day and keep track of my pulse and bp. My resting pulse is from 38-46 as a rule. Rarely, in summer it will spike to 98 or so. I know I'm in trouble and that trouble is dehydration. I need to re-hydrate to avoid an afib type situation. Dehydration is related to alcohol consumption. I suppose as a laymen that might partially account for your experience.
You may even be one of the lucky ones. One study I read compared the fitness of people who were sedentary and those who worked out. They measured various criteria on control groups of sedentary people before and after workout programs extending so many weeks. They found that most former sedentary people did increase fitness with the change to a workout schedule. However, some people actually LOST a level of fitness. In other words, this small percentage actually was fitter by maintaining the sedentary lifestyle. It doesn't work for me. Just throwing it out there.
Speaking as a long term wearer of glasses and frequent flyer on the accident express here. I have had body crashes while skiiing, running and biking that involved head and eye impact while wearing glasses. At no time has a lens ever done more than crack or get abraded. However, the frames have done substantial damage to my face and eye area. One bike accident required a dozen surgeries to the eye area that cost 10's of thousands out of pocket. I have always wondered if not having those frames there would have saved me damage or allowed worse actual eye damage. On the other side, I also spend time in the woods and frequently am impacted by branches that hit the lenses and they prevent what might be serious corneal damage. So there is a trade-off. As far as the difference between cheap and expensive frames, I can't see how a cheap frame would hurt you more than an expensive one. Sure, they might break and require replacement. But an expensive frame is not going to save you from damage either.
If you had consumed a meal including beets, that would look like blood and be harmless.
I agree. And the more he tries to fool with it, the more he owns the job. You can see that the wood thread is covered with material other than wood and the wood piece was sunk in plaster. If I were fixing it I would use a 3"X1.5" block of wood screwed to the wood in back. Then pre-drill in the center of the new insert and thread the knob in that hole. After that I could slop plaster to fill or leave it for the next guy.
I can't see a way that it is dangerous. Sometimes if you see such spots on the inside where it cooks, it can be a sign of a hot spot caused by microwaves that are not stirred properly. This can sometimes be a problem if it overheats. But your spot is OK.
I can hand feed pencils fast enough to sharpen more than I'd ever use. People still use wood pencils?
Almost all the threads look like they are pulled rather than torn. This means there could be hope in the hands of a real professional. I remember the old Ban Lon shirts would get a thread pulled out and look bad. I could stick a thread puller in from the opposite side and pull it back through so the look was perfect. That was a single thread. I see the coat is made in China. Just how expensive was the coat as that is a primary determinant of how much should be spent.
I would suggest the wall anchors that pull in from the back and use machine screws. The reason is that this type is designed for removal and replacement more often than the ones that merely cut into the drywall and use self tapping screws.
Used furniture often goes for pennies on the dollar. Some especially high end items could be better. You could attempt to sew your couch together with nylon thread and a curved carpet needle. I have doubts about the thread pulling out of that material that looks like thin vinyl. The major reason you see that tear is because the inside fiber is light color. I suggest you color that light area with matching color. The color will be readily absorbed by the fabric. This may be a better solution than risking a greater pull out of threads. I've never seen indelible marker in that shade. Maybe a dab of wood stain would do it.
It has broken rather cleanly with a single piece rather than chips. You already know that it was not very secure to begin with. There is just not enough meat behind the plate. I would NOT use screws. I would use clear epoxy or fast wood glue as suggested and get the best appearance I could. This will be quick and easy. Then I would add a second lock that is more secure with long screws. This could involve some creative thinking for placement.
First pull that stick out of there. Then you will have a hole that you can fish through. A tiny "easy out" could work, but you would need to be sure not to apply much pressure because you don't want to expand the hole. Use just enough pressure to grab the stub. A tiny screw would work as well too. Again, restrain yourself from tightening it. I would not wish to disassemble a laptop for such an easy task, but if you were looking at it from the inside, there may or may not be a way to push the stub back out.
Those screws look very short. There should be a vertical 2"X4" or 2"X6" just beyond the exposed wood. I would find some 4" #8 screws to replace the existing ones. They will grab the wood from behind there and secure the plate. Pre-drill the holes with a 1/8" drill to prevent cracking and apply some dish soap to the screws before driving them home.
Assuming you have retraced your steps and R&amp;R that part again with the same result, there are two main possibilities. Either the part you received is bad or the original diagnosis was faulty. Try putting the old part back in. Look, the friend made it work without the new part even temporarily. That suggests the control unit may not have been the cause.
Those adapters seem pretty solid. The drivers load and it works. You will see Windows doing its fine work. The glitches come more with the headsets, mainly the cheap ones that I bought too many of. Sometimes they pair up. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes they appear to be paired and still don't work. Sometimes the mic doesn't work, but the earpiece does. So stick with a reputable source where you can get a full refund or return. My worst experiences have been with eBay direct shipments from China.
If the control panel is getting hot, that suggests some high resistance in there. Maybe a wire is loose or a connection is dirty. You could fix those. You could not have done anything wrong operationally by using is in any mode. Test the other functions to see what works. Read the microwave manual and practice with it so you have that option ready A basic microwave has two functions, power level and time. They generally default to full power and that just leaves selecting the time. When the bell goes off it's calling you for dinner.
If it's just Yahoo and Hotmail, they have had issues where their server has been hacked to give up email addresses and passwords. Changing your password does not help if a hacker has the whole database.
If you don't have name tags on them you may be catching the same frequent flyers. Who doesn't like a vacation and some strange? I predict it will be fine. Google says 10 miles is the magic number for relocation, but not over 40 miles.
Invest in a decent respirator($25), not a simple dust mask. The carbon canister will take care of the odor and protect your lungs. Put the mask in a sealed plastic bag after use to make it last longer. This is a tiny investment over the long haul. Use it for paint, ammonia, bleach, etc.
I use an unfolded paperclip for emergencies. For example, when shopping for a TV in a store or garage sale without a cable hookup, at least you can tell if there is any picture on any channel.
I think your ideas are on target. I would not use L-brackets. I would use 4"X4" plywood plates and long screws into the studs. They might be 3-4" screws, pre-drilled and soaped up before driving. The cabinet just tilted away from the weight and because it was not balanced to start with so your idea of shimming is good. But pull it into the wall first.
If you have an old extra computer with any Windows OS you can buy a cheap web cam for $15 bucks and install it to free iSpy with motion sensing. Just let it run. I changed to this route from true security cams after many failed after weeks or months. I find web cams bullet proof. Of course you need one that will focus at a distance.
The fruit flies did not multiply that fast. You had hundreds to start with. The vinegar device does work. Maybe you need to perfect it a little though.
I assume it is broken between the two arms there. I too see the head of a rivet or pressed in pin of some sort. You need to get into position to pound that pin out from the other side or drill through the center from this side. You don't need to drill the full diameter for a stable fastener. I would start with a 1/4" hole and go from there up in size if needed. Use a smaller starter drill. You might even be successful in taping threads in it so use a 13/64" drill and try taping it 1/4-20.
Some will automatically do that up to five minutes. It's a feature that saves time. I'm all about using as few clicks as possible whether it is the computer or microwave. I use the microwave many times per day cooking anything from eggs to sweet potatoes. I will use a time like 1444 for 14:44. Over time I know about what I need. For example 777 is really 8 minutes and 17 seconds in microwave language using modular arithmetic.
I have weighed 123# and 206#. I have run marathons at 123# and 176#. I have eaten junk and good food. I keep daily records. I can say from experience that exercise seems to have almost no affect on my weight beyond the temporary day or two. As a compulsive exerciser, I can exercise as much as six hours per day. I get no weight loss without cutting calories. I believe that the body adjusts to these things and prevents too much loss by cutting metabolism. In my mind, all a person needs to do to lose weight is eliminate sugar, treats and any food that is processed. No boxed cereals or products with more than one ingredient on the label. Do this and go on about your life. You can expect your weight to normalize over time.
I would also consider using epoxy on the floor. It will seal the floor and be extremely durable. Quick and easy. Preserves later options.
The switches are marked NC or NO for normally closed or normally open. The continuity side of the multi-meter will check this. Most of thee micro switches are standard fare available at electronic stores or the internet. If you go to an appliance store, expect to pay up to 10X as much.
Take something small like a pin or tiny flat heat screwdriver. Carefully pry in that space you see to move that locking device open more, Then stick the plug back in the slot and it should lock more tightly. They float a little, but are locked in by that tang. That should do it. PS. It simply got yanked and was not locked tight.
I did not mean to imply that your microwave is any more dangerous than another. It's just a general admonition of safety. There really is nothing of consequence to burn in a microwave. It is a metal box. If food containers overheat, plastic can produce smoke and tiny plastic pieces all over the living space. And the smoke from my inverter board fire was thick and came on strong. I was standing right there and smoke filled everything before I could stop it. Panasonic could not fix in in 2.5 months. They put three sets of inverter boards and main boards in before the appliance company/Panasonic gave up and gave me a brand new unit. Now I stick close.
In the old days you could rob one that would work from an old radio, space heater, fan, dimmer switch, noise machine, record player, tape recorder, timer, etc.
You have an opportunity here for complete customization. You don't know what it was and could only duplicate it by chance. I would take all the measurements and start looking for donor parts new or used. The ideal situation would be finding a complete lamp that would nice and have a pole with the right diameter to mount either in the hole or with a tube used inside the stem. Whether is goes inside the base or inside/outside the lamp pole is up for grabs. If the fit is not a perfect press fit you need to come up with a locking mechanism above and below the table top. You could epoxy something that was a close fit. Otherwise you need a ring with a set screw on top and bottom. No, hose clamps are not aesthetically acceptable. Yes, many lamp stems are 3/8", but few are finished off like that. They usually have an outer tube about the size of the hole.
Who needs a mirror? Hand face coordination is key.
If you have a file you could also file two flats 180 degrees apart for a better grip.
OP says bolt, but perhaps he means nut. That's why I did not suggest a slot and screwdriver. Pictures are so helpful in getting the right information to people.
The down hill neighbor is usually responsible for maintaining the grade. It sounds like the tilting retaining wall is not performing. This can only get worse. Check your local building ordinance people if possible to see if this is the case. If so, begin addressing the original problem before throwing money at your side, which you may ultimately have to fix as a practical matter. PS. I just invested $12,000 to repair my 150' X6' retaining wall. The neighbor's driveway has sunk down near the wall. My insurance company(SF) says he's on his own.
I'd fight like hell before taking the door off. Maybe you already have. I would grab the stub with a long nosed vice grip really tight. Then I would pry with a shim between the pliers and the hole to gain leverage. At the same time, I would have an assistant pry up and down on the door so you could find the sweet spot of looseness in the bolt. If you have a slim pry bar, this would be used at the bottom of the door. Or you could jamb a putty knife under, but that is not too strong. You could even put the putty knife under and a piece of wood or something under it close to the door and step on the handle. This way a single person who is coordinated could do it.
I see mostly prep issues with the old work. One split is on a seam, probably not properly taped. If there are stabilization issues, we could only tell that by pressing on the areas to detect movement. The craftsman on scene would determine if screws can be added or sections need to be replaced. Listen close to what the contractor tells you and why they want to do it a certain way. The original surface may not have been cleaned of salts and this caused the lack of bonding. Perhaps there are more than one coat of texture up there although it looks like one. A quick scrape and paint should be cheap and easy. If it doesn't hold up you could go the next step. If you start cutting out sections you can add more problems and expense.
Cosmetic fixing is easy of course. I suppose there is a companion piece on the left side of the garage. You could consider cutting them both off flush with the cross beam. You can say for sure the piece that is extending beyond the cross beam is not structural.
Then why not just unbolt them and replace? Much easier than the repair of one.
He sure did a hack job on that bed. He could have used a Forstner bit to avoid the wood chipping out. Or a Roto-Zip bit to make a custom size rectangular hole to match the USB. Or just practice getting up on the other side of the bed. Redneck solution: Use a bed pan.
That outer ring pops off. Then the bulb unscrews. You could pry under the ring, but be careful not to damage the ceiling. Use some thing plastic to protect the ceiling from your prying instrument. You might even be able to use an old credit card under the edge. A plastic spatula might work and protect the ceiling as well.
Buttons are hard to match. Just go to the store and buy a new complete set and sew them on. If the material behind the button is torn out, then back it up with something compatible in appearance.
You have identified the conditions where the ABS is activating prematurely. If you were not on ice, sand or otherwise slipping then the ABS should not have activated. The reason your brakes seemed affected is because the ABS was cycling them off/on. You don't want this under non slip conditions. If you are not trained to work on ABS then get it checked out professionally.
Yes, they do not want people repairing their own equipment, especially if they are not qualified. There are various tamper proof screws used and this is one of them. Drivers are available. However this screw may be recessed enough that just sticking the right driver in a hex tool might not be able to reach in there. What I do is take an old slotted screwdriver, probably 3/16" flat in this case, and cut the middle section out with a Dremel tool and a cutoff wheel. That gives me the needed slot on both sides to match this screw head. These screws are not tight. I always replace them with normal headed screws when closing. This is another reason to scrap out everything and save the pieces in an orderly way so effective repairs can be achieved.
Beautiful view. Some context would be helpful. What are you trying to accomplish? Do you want to change the glass, clean the glass, or establish an escape route? This could be a very dangerous undertaking. Glass is heavy and it will sail if dropped from that window. Special precautions are needed to protect you and strangers. This could be a job for a professional with a crane lift working from outside, again, depending upon your goal.
If the desk is wobbly, it's because of poor construction and needs to be reinforced. Hot glue does nothing for it. If a leg is too short(unlikely) a shim may help. But the desk pictured is on carpet. Carpet doesn't care if a leg is short.
I was 35 and paying more taxes than I was bringing home. I decided to stop working on the supply side and work on the conservation of resources side. Now some 35+ years later it is still working out.
I assume you want to preserve that drain tube. The area under there has been eroded by water flow. If you want something semi-permanent then convert that flexible tube to hard tube and make the transition to whatever device you are using to drain with that solid tube. But first back fill the space with pea-gravel to about 4" below grade and fill in the 4" with concrete. Normal cheap concrete will be OK, but I have switched to fast-set that costs more. If you are not prepared to work fast, use regular mix.
They say make-up sex is the bomb.
I think lots of people, including myself, use sleep time to solve life's problems. Random dreams can be a part of that I believe.
Speak for yourself.
Hypothetically, perhaps they could not catch me.
In the USA you can put a beneficiary on the account and the money is theirs if you die. No taxes or probate involvement.
Marketing is largely about reading consumer needs. Most people don't repair things these days. Repairing or making repairable products has limited appeal. If you disagree, start your own business and prosper. PS&gt;I always marvel at the modularity and quick repair techniques used by NASCAR. I long for those features in an every day ride. I'd take a five point racing harness over air bags. But I am a dynasaur.
In my opinion, hospitals play a financial game with the players, namely insurers and Medicare. If they accept federal funds, they are required to provide a certain amount of free care. Emergency rooms take all comers if they are provisioned to do so. When a homeless person comes in or someone else without insurance, the hospital bills them the full boat. It's an inflated figure. Then they make a feeble attempt to collect and write it off. This high bill allows them to have a higher average price for their service. Then Medicare/Medicaid comes along and allows 50% of the average price and the hospital gets what they needed all along. This is just my general concept of what may be going on. My brother was in the hospital for three months and uninsured. His bill from the hospital alone was about $300k. The hospital offered me, a brother, a quick deal if I'd just sent them a check for $150K. I declined and they wrote the whole thing off for the $300K.
You are being hosed. For some reason, they don't want to complete your repair. Perhaps they damaged the computer. Perhaps they are waiting for a broken computer with a good motherboard to appear so they can cannibalize it and bill for a new part. There is no valid reason to delay that long.
In theory, everything will work fine. It's best to check the list of compatible modems that Comcast will allow. It would be easier if you did not need a modem that had the phone feature.
You can easily check your internet speed by going to a Website such as Speakeasy. Check the download speed from various locations. You need to define what you mean by slow Internet. If pages load slowly, that could be caused by your software, your computer processor speed or low RAM. What you perceive as slow Internet could also be cause by your anti-virus program or trying to run multiple anti-virus programs simultaneously in competition. First check the basic speed with Speakeasy. Then look at the task manager in Windows and see what your resources are being used for and if you are overloaded. Eliminate junk with CCleaner. Run the registry cleaner too. Run your browser without add-ons. You can narrow this problem down by hitting all these areas.
I and maybe many of the people here are not the norm. I took everything apart from childhood. I longed for my own tools. Owning these skills is very satisfying. But the person who specializes in brain surgery or selling real estate can make so much more money on their specialty that it would be downright silly for them to contemplate repairing their own TV. I can buy a $10 Pixi Glitz smartphone. Why would I repair it except for fun, which I do? That's just the way it is.
That's a pretty reasonable guess because I have heard of local cities charging $500 for "false alarm" calls and EMS often charges that for a run.
Until you diagnose it, you don't know what or why it is loose. I Has the solder really come loose? Is a piece of the motherboard cracked? Or is the jack itself mechanically worn causing the jack-in to feel loose? Solder?=Resolder Cracked motherboard=Epoxy in place Worn oversize inside jack=Pinch the input jack slightly for tighter fit
You could find the make of door and look for parts from them. Other companies have caps too. Call around. I try not to buy anything. The time savings alone is worth it to me. Pull off the good one and use it for a guide. 1. Maybe find a piece of solid plastic and cut off a slice. 2. Fill both holes with caulk-silicone or painter's caulk. You would need to dig this out to pull those screws. 3. Buy a short piece of wood dowel in the right diameter. Cut a slice off and plug the holes with that possibly using painter's caulk around the edges. Then touch up with white paint. 4. Find some silly putty in that shade and push some in there.
This smell should be gone soon. It always is with my sealer.
This could work with JB-Weld and some dexterity. First practice positioning the handle exactly where you want and where it fits best. Maybe even mark it with a China marker on the side of the handle and indexed on the lid. Mix up a batch of JB. Don't mix overly long unless it's not the five minute and you have plenty of time. Dab a little epoxy on the lid. Then put a pile of JB in the cap. Put the cap on the lid, maybe even holding it upside down initially so the epoxy won't run all over. Place the handle and lid down. While holding it down with the handle, clean around the edges for any JB that slipped through. A rag or Q-tip with alcohol or acetone will help. Let it cure and the JB will have formed an internal "stent" to bind the two together.
Two good points here. The longer the epoxy takes to cure, the stronger as a rule. The long set JB-Weld has twice the strength as the 5" and more heat resistance too. Yes, do this work on the drawer outside the fridge and at room temp. It might just work and you can always go ballistic later.
Just as an example, smoking is a sign of weakness to me. It suggests lack of self control. Same with obesity.
The vinyl concrete patcher will be fine. I love concrete bonder. I mix it with the water 50% and paint the surface being covered. If you can wait 28 days before drilling the nearby holes, that would be ideal. If not, wait at least 7 days and take your chances, probably still OK.
This should work if the OP is very patient and uses minimum heat. There is no air under there. It must be a fairly new and pliable floor too. It could stretch right back. Maybe a small block of wood under the mallet would prevent damage.
I like this. Nothing to lose by waiting.
I surprised as I have cleaned my many laptops with various solutions and had no problem beyond streaking causing re-cleaning.
The release could be triggered by pushing on the tape, but you must have done that already. SD cards are released that way. The whole player should pop out allowing the cover to be removed. Sometimes you just have to keep at things until that "ah ha" experience happens.
The shame is how some great looking young women give up in middle age and beyond to become heifers.
I don't know anybody with that type of shoe, but I will keep looking.
Nobody has posted in 20 hours because nobody knows how to fix it. I don't either. You need a professional unless you are just going to cover it with an arm rest. Some things can't be repaired.
You can find lots of stuff for free like addresses, phone numbers ans social media info, such as Facebook. The courts in various areas have online search. Counties have property searches by name. Put all the pieces together and you have an idea about the person. The pay sites often can't cough up more than you can find with effort. I keep a list of my favorite free sites and it comes in handy.
This was my concept too at first and it's a great idea if he takes it apart. It could be done without disassembly by drilling a 1/32" hole on each side of the remaining pieces keeping as much meat as possible. Then run steel wire through the holes and make a suitable loop to attach to the key ring. The flaw in this is that the plastic may be so oxidized that the next piece will break off. Going through the body would be better if possible.
It happens infrequently to me, but I have been in rain storms so intense on the road that you see nothing. You keep going slower until you stop. This in itself is very dangerous on the X-way. I would think an autonomous vehicle would be forced to stop and take their chances with a wreck from behind. It's nearly equal to human judgment at that point, but the lawsuits would abound.
You are definitely missing something. The dryer is working and doing it's job. The dryer is sensing that restriction and cutting back on the run time cycle of the burner or heating element. Try venting inside for a quick test and you will see a difference. I don't care what anybody says, 45' would be way too long. And a 90 degree bend counts as 5' so you really have 15' of duct equivalent.
Just clip them together for a quick test before soldering. This is always good practice anyway.
I would not throw it out. After all, you can use is subject to the focus issue you know about. A Canon forum might provide specific repair information. They are modular. They will come apart. I see the lens assemblies on eBay from time to time and they can cost as much as a used camera. Fixing with purchased parts is a fool's errand. Learn what you can on the Canon forum. You might buy one of these being sold for "parts only" on eBay and get the lens cheap. Or you could buy a used one that works and have this one for backup parts. I could never bring myself to throw it out.
Don't fall for the Okie-doke. Everyone feels guilty of something. They know this. Ancient Chinese proverb goes, "Beat your children every day. If you don't know why, they do." Donate to the Salvation Army instead to assuage your guilt.
I think it's better to peel the loose pieces off so they don't interfere with anything. You could try to glue the edges back down if you have sufficient clamps to hole it tight while they dry. Don't try it before they are perfectly dry. Instead of clamps you might try screwing the edges down with a 1/4" wood block while they dry. Perhaps a staple gun might work too if the edges are flexible enough.
Maintain normal body weight. Normal is not the average for Americans.
It sounds like the drum roller bearings are worn, which allows the drum to spin off-center. This creates the sound and the instability that you thought was an unlevel situation. It's an easy replacement, but you have to remove the entire skin of the dryer to perform the replacement. There are videos and web sites a plenty showing you the procedure and to make a final diagnosis. Do you feel play in the drum? Are you losing socks between the drum and the body of the dryer? You already have the noise so I won't ask that.
The worst part is that you are breathing all that dust that you see. He should have used a vacuum made for drywall work.
Are you sure you are making contact? Perhaps you are coming up short.
If you want it right you better replace the wood. And make the hole first so you know it is round. Or you could add a top layer with a good hole. If size is not absolutely critical, draw a bigger round hole and carefully finish it.
Resist the urge to scrape it with anything except your fingernails. First keep it wet for a few minutes. The whitish paper part should then come off by using the fingernails. The other part is somewhat insulated by the waterproof layer of paper on top. Try to grab a corner with the nails and peel that layer off to expose the vulnerable part underneath. Gentle heat from a hair dryer should soften the glue. Take you time and don't give up like that last person who worked on it.
I believe this is just coincidence with you moving the machine. When it was sitting there before the move, it had electricity to the board waiting for you to select something. When you unplugged it and re-plugged it you effectively rebooted it like a computer. There may have been a minor surge, but probably not. It was just ready to go and the re-boot tipped it over. Something on the main board has malfunctioned most likely. When you say it turns on when you plug it in, you don't know that more than the fan and light are coming on. You don't know that the secondary(magnetron) is actually turning on. You could put a cup of water inside to check this. If only the light and fan are coming on, there is a remote chance that one of the door switches has failed. For example, a micro switch that is normally open has failed in the closed position and turned the light/fan on. The reason it stops when you open the door is because there is a second back-up switch. I'm making lots of guesses here. I know how to trouble shoot it, yet I still would go buy a new one at that age. The new one will be more powerful and much lighter. I would avoid the newer "inversion"style machine as they are very expensive to repair and offer you nothing in return.
So after all I said, it reset itself. Great. My treadmill has done the same thing.
I would consider using a 1/4" plate of wood inside the drawer and incorporating that black piece of hardware. Bolt it right through both pieces of wood.
The blade has cut its way into the plastic. If you can't reverse it out you will need to pull up where it is stuck and a chip of plastic will come with it. The performance should not be affected by the chip.
I can't see what the rest of the construction is. I offer these possibilities. Could the hinge be lowered a few inches and the old cut-out patched? You could pre-drill and add screws cross-wise between the hinge screws and above where the splits are. The screws could come from either edge of the board. Perhaps longer screws would reach good wood or a through-bolt could be used instead of a wood screw.
You don't need to "replace" freon(R-22). You may in fact need to add some R-22 if there is a leak. Maybe the problem is not a leak. If there is a leak, you want to fix it before pouring expensive freon into a leaky system. The technician comes out and checks the system. He checks the pressure in the system and how much freon the system holds. Then he could give you an estimate of the cost to fill it. So you have the service call, maybe $100. Then the first pound of freon may be $100. Each pound after may be another $75. Fixing the leak depends on the source.
You could always bypass the jack and wire it directly through to the inside. You need to pull that cover off to get to the wires inside. Cut the jack off the wire from the power, strip those wires and solder them to the inside. Protect the wires from straining and breaking again. Alternately, you could replace the inside jack that you ripped the center out of. You might have one in some other device not used around the house. These jacks are available at an electronics store or on line. Contact the manufacturer of the device. Look online for a parts breakdown so you can order the right part.
Adding to the thought of resistance causing heat, the resistance comes from the incomplete connection at the plug. The plug is just two prongs(USA) shoved between two somewhat spring loaded brass plates. And the attachment of the wires from the device to the plugs is usually a crimped fitting. Resistance is inherent in these "loose" connections. If they were soldered, the resistance and heat would be lower. The wires themselves have resistance and heat build-up. Any time you feel a hot plug or wire, the cause should be investigated because it can cause a fire.
Without pictures I must assume it is the most common type of wheel warpage that all bikers experience. This is very simple to repair by adjusting the spokes as frankzzz suggests. This is normal bike maintenance. Best thing to do is some research and acquire this DIY skill.
I had a friend who called everyone "sunshine." Who does not want to be linked to sunshine?
You are out of luck with the suction cup. People repair dents like this all the time by using a dent puller, which is a screw type device with a weighted slider. The metal is weak and bends back easily. You end up with many holes all over the area. The holes are then filled with Bondo and sanded out to your level of ability.
You are not likely to find cheaper rails new even online. It's a crap shoot hoping to find rails at another garage sale or the Salvation Army. You have a bargain cabinet that you can use for storage until you get lucky. It would not be worth it to me to make a set of rails, although it could be done if you have sufficient resources in the junk box. The rails have to be straight and stiff. Anything that achieves that would work. The ends could be made of wood.
If the rim is only warped a little, it's won't bother you much and won't hurt the tire in any case. The problem with a bent rim is that the brakes will grab unevenly. It's like a car with warped brake rotors. It is annoying. Only you can decide if you can live with it.
This is especially good with new shoes where you expect problems. Do it at the first sign, before blistering. Older shoes can develop a defect. Sometime this defect needs to be cut off or ground down with a Dremel type tool. An easy fix is to run duct tape down the inside of the heel and out the back.
Or some butane lighter fluid from a can.
Looks like a proprietary plug end. You are not likely to save much on price. If your device-end portion is OK, you could splice in any cord you have around the house and spend nothing.
eBay has a rack for $10.91 with free shipping. Check the measurements to be sure it would fit.
Home Depot, Lowe's and everybody else sell access panels often used for plumbing. Very easy to find. Very easy to install. Various sizes available. No need to patch what you have. Cheap and aesthetically OK. Just look.
You've been told right. I download everything to avoid the drama of connection problems on the treadmill. Seems there is EMF feedback from the DC motor that takes out the connection.
B sure 2 turn ur volume way up.
I can't see whether the wire is the proper gauge or not. What I don't see is a ground wire. They do make GFCI units that can operate without a separate ground, but I doubt that is what you are trying to install. You need to connect a ground there among other possibilities.
I got seven computers running and I never bother to image any more. I never get viruses or BSODs either. But I have repair disks available and copies of all versions of Windows 32/64. I keep a backup of all my main files on multiple disks so nothing is ever compromised. Even imaging has become obsolete.
Courageous the cowardly dog used to dig like that too.
That's a very old house with lots of rotten wood. The rafters are cracked and that's why they are sistered on places. What I did on a similar roof is sister all the rafters from top to bottom and apply jack studs in the middle. You could park a Buick on the roof now, but who would want to do that? I'd remove those short sister boards and do this right. Lot's of work ahead, but simple.
Copper supposed to be good for hair growth. I started taking copper supplements just for kicks as I don't have any lack of hair. I forgot about it and after six weeks my hair was falling out in the shower. I stopped taking it and that was the end of the temporary loss. Anecdotal story, but whatever.
I can fetch a stick and poop in the right place for treats any time.
It might take some time for the gas to flow. Your wife may not have held a light there long enough.
It looks like two screws would remove the handle. Then something could be pounded in the hole to expand the tube-maybe. That something would have to be round and only slightly smaller than the inside diameter of the tube. Chances are slim that OP would have such an item. Another idea would be to cut the tube at the kink with a hack saw. Remove the kink with long nosed pliers or something jammed in the hole. Test that the handle will go in. Then sleeve the cut tube and epoxy the sleeve.
Your description is also broken. You have numerous options. You could pop rivet the closer to the door using 3/16" rivets. Chances are great you don't have the rivets or tool. You could use larger screws that grab the hole. You could install a hollow wall anchor. You could install a threaded rivnut. Again, no tools, no worky. You could bolt through the door if outward appearance is not important. You could bolt from the outside in if appearance is important. You could relocate the closer to a slightly different position, say half inch further out. You could drill holes outside the edge of the closer bracket and clamp the closer in place using a bracket. You could weld, solder or braze the closer to the door. If these ideas fail, I have more.
And the fact that it is curved makes repair more difficult. I would take advantage of the filigree that covers the glass by applying heavy adhesive there. It won't show any light because it is blacked out by the filigree. For example I might put a coat of Eclectic Goo on all of the filigree and set my pieces in place. Wait for 24 hours and go from there. Make sure you are able to put both pieces together before locking anything in place or do all the pieces at one time.
I like to to use a powered stick blender to mix paint. It does a tremendous job without creating bubbles.
Maybe a piece of the plastic has broken off so the red piece will not stay in place. Apparently, this is a power or charging jack. A short could do some damage, but a shock is not possible with low voltage DC. The center of the jack receives one connection and the outside neck receives the other. Generally, the center is positive and the outside is negative(black). You can verify this by a diagram imprinted on the device. It will show a circle with a line to the center and a plus or minus sign indicating polarity. If you can establish this connection properly, the device will work. I can't spot the center electrode on the jack in your picture. Perhaps that is also broken off. You may need a new jack. These days, we have so much junk lying about that you might find something you could salvage for this project. A replacement jack is your best bet.
I second everything you have said here. I can only add that if op is getting water on the floor, that condensation must be coming from a leak in the connection right there on the floor. He could prevent the damage by fixing that leaky connection. Also, I would put some insulating barrier between the flex pipe and the floor as an added barrier. I sure hope the tube inside the wall is solid instead of this corrugated pipe that collects lint.
Best guess is that you had nothing they wanted and they did not want to carry useless junk and have to pawn it somewhere. Maybe they specialize in guns, cameras, laptops or whatever that was not there. A cookie tin, sure, everybody takes those.
Yes, a set of four Simpson Strong Tie brackets and screws would hold it fine. No need for bolts.
I just go for walks and bike rides with my camera. Some day I'll score that Zapruder film and be famous.
It's really difficult to get anything to stick to that shiny baked surface. At some point soon, that problem will resolve itself because it will break and the more porous surface inside will be available. I'd be tempted to break it off and reglue/seal it with epoxy.
Just Google round bath ceiling heater and you will find what look like direct replacements. Most have fans you can't use. I found one that has heat and a fan to force the heat so that would fill your sound deflection requirements. http://www.westsidewholesale.com/nutone-154.html?keyword=Google_Shopping&amp;gclid=CIvPt57uqNECFQsIaQodSioEKA
You got three good holes to work with. Cut a plywood plate and mount it on the bottom using the three good holes. If people can drive around with one lug nut missing, you will be fine with this.
Well, then go with the rivets. The 7/8" rivets are very commonly available. I found one inch grip rivets cheap too with a large flange. I use these all the time. The 3/16" rivets are much harder to pull than the more standard 1/8" people are used to. I took a rivet tool and added extensions to the arms a few inches to make pulling easier. https://www.nutsandbolts.com/large-flange-aluminumaluminum-blind-rivets-316-x-1-large-flange-aluminum-aluminum-blind-rivets-qty-25-p-3094.html
I use DMSO occasionally. Spread some DMSO on your skin and within seconds you will smell an garlic type smell on your breath. It penetrates the skin and enters the blood stream that fast. So there must be other products that also penetrate.
It appears that the dielectric union on the left has failed and allowed this corrosion. It's not hard to change and it should be changed before it leaks. Any decent plumber can do this.
If you go to something more aggressive like this or "Bar Keeper's Friend", always test it where it won't show, underneath or on the side for example. Start slowly and keep checking for damage by wiping it off early until you are sure it won't take the shine off.
Further, we have no background on this issue. We're just looking at a stub in a wall. How thick is the wall? Can the other side be accessed? Which direction does the pipe run? Can this individual run be shut off? Is there a plan to use this exact spot for water? Does the poster have access to related tools? These answers could make the solution very simple.
I favor something thin of course. Something with a little flexibility is helpful. Plastic is OK. Sheet metal is easy to work with. Sheet metal gives you the option of making a splint that winds around both sides completely or partially.
A simple Google on this dryer says that code 64 is telling you the heating element circuit is now open. Generally, this means it is burned out.
So the meter has been relocated and this pipe is inactive. Why not just chop off the pipe slightly within the wall and patch the cement? I think we were all over thinking the situation.
Not exactly a scarecrow, but confirms your concept. We have an owl statue deployed around our pool and it keeps the geese and ducks away. During the off-season we take it away and the ducks return.
I think condoms, ductape, bleach, rags and garbage bags would be the right combination.
If the play is not too bad, this fix will last indefinitely. The wire of course will add to the wear on the teeth. I would prefer to use a strip of solder or multiple strips as needed. This works for other metal screw repairs like a door closer or a license plate bolt. The extra pieces sticking out are easily broken off to hide the repair.
I disagree with the contractor. Concrete resists flexing. In time that edge will break off. I'm surprised it is not cracked already. It is freezing because water is getting under there and freezing, thus expanding upward. The water is not draining because the substrate does not have the proper aggregatge. There's too much packed dirt or clay. You might improve the situation by removing that filler between the sidewalk and drive and replacing with backer rod and elastomeric caulk to prevent water entry there. No complete guarantee as some water can still enter from the side, but this is something you can do yourself.
Depending on your location, neighbors and municipal code, you also need to consider where you put that extra water.
Looks like hot/cold and a drain pipe in the wall for a previous sink. I would not be surprised if one of the pipes even felt warmer than the other.
Depending on the damage, this is a situation where a fire and emergency damage company would step in and re-mediate the damage. You could try to tarp off the deck from above to limit water entry. Call your insurance company. If they can't help you with the damage they at least know who to call.
That would not be an addiction to me. There have been times where I bought and consumed 20# of carrots in a week. I'm a high intake vegetarian for the most part.
The local honey sold at my vegetable store must be pasteurized. I used that for years with no problems. I also used local honey from a friend's farm with no problem. Then last summer a neighbor had a sign out for honey. The neighbor's mother had a farm and bees. It looked well packaged and very professional. But it was not pasteurized. Now honey kills some bacteria. It can contain amounts of botulism spores that are harmless to adults-they say. First batch causes no problems. I buy another 40ozs. After a few days I'm afflicted with diarrhea and other unpleasantries. I change my diet, but not the prized honey of course. The situation worsens until I make the obvious discovery. It was the honey. Unfortunately, they also say many of the benefits of honey are lost when pasteurized. I'm going back to the store bought honey tomorrow.
Heaters are cheap so repairs are not common. Plus, the manufacturers resist any DIY repairs on their products for safety reasons. Usually, these heaters completely die from the overheat switch going open and you would be done unless you had a replacement part. That could happen to you if the thermostat lets the heater run-away as it is doing. There are contacts on the thermostat. I bet those contacts are frozen together, literally welded together, preventing operation. I would carefully open the contacts and file them a bit with a nail file or even sandpaper on both sides. If you don't go nuts you won't take off enough to change the operation. It's not working now anyway. This is much like filing points on the old pre-1970 cars.
Sometimes it's the obvious things that stump us. I have great reservations about telling you how to do anything because you admit you are not familiar with electrical work. I have all the meters to test this in place. If I did not and needed to assure myself that the new fixture was working I would CAREFULLY push the black and white wire into a working outlet to see if it lit up. You MUST keep your fingers well away from the bare wires to avoid a shock. If it lights up, you know your connection above is faulty. If it does not, maybe the switch is in the off position. If changing that does not work, something is disconnected in the fixture.
The position of the windows has changed over the years. You are not likely going to affect that without replacement. But the latch can be made to work again by adjusting its position. I have done this in two different ways. One way is to Dremel out the mounting holes enough to move the latch where you want. The other is to shim one side of the latch with home made shims made of metal, cardboard or simple washers. The key in doing this is proper diagnosis. There is lots of trial and error involved. I have shimmed as much as 3/8" to fix a door wall just recently.
First thing I would do is assure myself that there is no moisture issue from above. It could be as simple as condensation from lack of insulation in that isolated spot. I don't really see evidence of leakage though. I see evidence of movement, which is extremely common. Tape and compound is too intense for me with a small spot like this. I would use painter's caulk and paint over it. There is some flexibility in the silicone. Or go with a paintable silicone caulk to begin with. I like to overlap just a tiny bit. With the painter's caulk I can do this and smooth it with a fine brush using a mist of water. Yes, if there are loose flaky edges, you want to take them off before proceeding. Run a screwdriver along there or the point of a can opener for example.
I think you want a more professional repair, but I will throw this out in case anybody wants an idea for sleeve repairs. It looks like the ends of both sleeves has become raveled. I like the feel of something soft and warm on my wrists for a jacket when running or just outside. What I have done is find an appropriate pair of socks as donors. They need to be quality socks with the right color and fairly thick woven upper areas. Crew socks have sufficient length. I cut the sock off where the elastic weave meets the bottom. Then I fold it over to double it. I sew the donor sock to the prepared sleeve end. Preparing the sleeve end involves removing the old sleeve end. This can be done by using a seam ripper and methodically "unsewing" everything. Or a redneck way is to just cut the whole thing off with scissors. It takes practice to make this look good. It probably takes me an hour to do one jacket using a sewing machine that has an arm that can be inserted in the sleeve. It could be done by hand too.
I repair computers and was given a computer for free. I don't usually snoop, but I do casually look at files before updating for my use with the same or newer OS. I made the mistake of looking at some emails and discovered that the husband was cheating with call-girls while on business trips. Often they say that the wife always knows. I don't know, but I don't think so in this case. Regardless, I have to take this secret to my grave with a bunch of others.
I'm not positive about forever, but I've stayed with State Farm when I think I could do better on price elsewhere. State Farm took me on when I had a ridiculous driving record as a youth and others would not. And their price at the time was not overwhelming. I've also been an AT&amp;T customer for almost forever. It's always a monumental hassle, but they have always negotiated price to my satisfaction. As of late I have learned never to bother with their "overseas" representatives. They are utterly friendly, understanding and cooperative. However, they make promises that are never executed. Find the American rep and I am successful every time.
I think about how small I am and the seeming infinity of the universe from a human standpoint. I wonder where my molecules came from and where they will go next. I do this both from a spiritual context and purely scientific, if they can be separated.
They say if the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I never want to be that guy. I like to have every tool possible available so everything has a solution. So my handbag would have as many tools as possible, starting with the basics of screwdrivers, pliers, Vice-grips, box cutter and a small flashlight. In fact, I actually do this already, but please don't call it a hand bag. Thank you.
I have always associated this smell with the perfume called Estee Lauder. I realize this is a stereotype, but that name comes in my mind any time I sense that smell. I probably saw that brand on various dressers or something over the years.
I think it is made to operate continually, although it will wear out sooner because there are internal parts that are wearing. Thermostats only operate for so many cycles, for example. It reaches a terminal heat depending on the thermostat and then turns itself off until the next cycle begins. If it ever overheated, it has protection in the circuit to break the current flow, sometimes permanently for the device. It also, by current standards , has a safety cut-off switch if the device falls over. Never operate such a device on anything except the floor. Always make sure there is nothing within several feet of the front as there is no safety protection to prevent ignition. To that end, most modern heaters have a limit to the heat coming out the front and disperse the heat with the fan to prevent fires. Bottom line for safety though, never leave a heater running without an awake adult present. I've had two close calls myself and learned my lesson.
That's sure worth saving. Find a power source and go with it.
I use tons of white crew socks. I mark new socks with letters and numbers on the side at instep level. I match socks after washing and fold them over. Then I can stack them in a drawer neatly.
I don't expect any damage. Washer solvent contains as much alcohol. Wipers are designed for use under this condition and for 1.5 million wipes
Good suggestions and yes, pictures would be helpful. I'd love to see what the previous owner did. HVAC straps usually rust outside. And that threaded rod standoff may have been done because of a high load or deterioration of the fascia or rafter ends.
Is that a copper line? Freeze leak? What will tomorrow's fix be? Soldered coupling? Shark fitting? Inquiring minds like to know.
You don't say what is wrong with the "safety piece." I suppose part is broken off so the switch won't turn on the blender. The 100% right way is to order a new part. A DIY way is to glue the piece back or fabricate a replacement using plastic or sheet metal JB-Welded in place. A more redneck way is to bypass the safety mechanism entirely so you can turn it on at will. This is done by adding an extension to the switch lever so it can be operated from above. But this is unsafe so I could never recommend that you take that approach.
Also, sometimes the tab at the bottom of the fixture where the light screws in is not making contact with the bulb. In that case it can be lifted slightly with a bent paperclip. But this is supposed to be a new fixture so that should not be an issue. I mention it for completeness.
Looks like a submarine hatch. Water in the bilge.
I like the way you got a selfie in there reflecting off the paint.
What you have is a failure in the secondary circuit. That includes the magnetron, capacitor, transformer and diode. Any of those could cause this failure, but the diode is most likely and cheapest. It could be $5. I don't know as I save the old ones from discards. They are generally interchangeable. It looks like a resistor, maybe an inch long plus leads. Don't just go buy a magnetron. It would cost half as much or more as a new oven anyway. Changing it only involves generally four 5mm nuts once you get there. Don't touch it until and unless you have thoroughly diagnosed it and know what you are doing. All the parts can pretty much be checked with a proper meter. For starters, you could find and pull the diode. It should only conduct electricity in one direction. If it works both ways or no way, it is defective.
If there is suction, why do you say it is bad? Are you getting any flow to the outside? Get outside there and feel that by hand. It sounds like you are really getting no flow and just risidual pull you sense with a tissue, unless it really swallows that tissue. There's no special secret. It's blocked or not. Maybe there was some shipping packaging near the vent. Also, you have two 90 degree bends and some length to deal with.
You'll be fine unless water gets into the intake. Whether this could happen depends on where the intake tube is located. You could Google for it. Chances are it's OK since you have had no problem yet. Cars are use to going through puddles and splashing some water into the engine compartment. You could always tape some plastic over the opening where the hood is sprung and that would prevent water entry.
It's a useful hack, but only when you need to lift something with the tool. Otherwise, the eye-bolt can get in the way of close-quarter work.
This is a challenge. You can't see to fix it right. We don't know what types of glue you might have. We don't know your skill level and you want something magic to be set in motion before bed. Challenge accepted. Keep the glasses on while searching for supplies. This fix will use thread, floss or string. Strong thread is best. Then hunt for something to use as a splint. It has to be something you can cut to about an inch and the height of the arm where the break is. Cut two of them. You could use plastic, piece of a metal can, even really tough glossy paper from junk mail if necessary. What you want to do is hold a splint on each side of the arm where the break is and wind thread around and around. Cover the whole area moving your finger position as needed. If you could tie the thread, that would be a plus, but not mandatory. Now start applying your glue over the thread. Spread it with your finger. If it's quick drying you could give it multiple coats. Keep the glue away from your lenses so it won't mark them. Chances are most glues would clean off with finger polish remover anyway. Sometimes I will tape off the lenses by winding masking tape around them. And tape will do. It does not have to be precise. You could wind a rag around them for that matter. Take your time. Work methodically. If this works the arm will be locked in place. Best of luck.
Just anecdotal info here. I knew this man who looked like the stereotypical Down Syndrome individual. His voice had that sound as well. He behaved socially withdrawn too as one might expect. I came to know that he was trying to get into med school, having fulfilled most of the requirements. My mother used to teach special needs girls. They were all considered learning disabled. These were grade school level at the time. I met one later on who was attending Wayne State University. People sometimes have tremendous ability that only needs to be unlocked to be recognized.
I'd just take a Dremel cut-off wheel and cut a slot in the screw to unscrew it. Yes, because of the depth of the hole and size of the wheel, you will also be cutting a slot in the plastic, which should not bother anything.
Best guess would be the water level pressure switch.
I've always mused that I could go by getting run over by a garbage truck while jogging. That is most improbably as garbage trucks make a so much noise, but the mind can tune everything out when you are in the "zone."
I bought a new $185 camera off eBay for $30 with a minor flaw in the flash. I never use the flash and this camera almost takes pictures in the dark anyway. I've been using it all year to the exclusion of six other cameras. I'm addicted to cheap thrills.
In order to save money, manufacturers mold these plastic parts with webs for strength instead of a solid mass. What I do is fill in the web empty areas with hot melt glue. Put the missing piece in place and fill the entire area with hot melt or JB-Weld. It will never break out of there.
No, that is the main water valve. That seems to be working.
These connections are cheap and available. However, you'd still have to solder two wires together. What I would try is to slice the black cover along the seam on two edges so you could pull it back. Then solder the wire to the end. I caution you that too much head will melt some of the black plastic. Limit the solder time by preheating the gun and using proper rosin flux on both surfaces so you only need a touch to get a good joint. Then glue the cover back in position.
I think sex workers will always be in demand. They certainly pre-date funeral directors.
I would maintain that a prostate exam would definitely be frowned upon when attempted by non-professionals.
eBay sells a USB fan that looks miles more professional for 99 cents and free shipping. That's as far as I got. Can't stand the music
Don't be too tentative on ice our you're going down hard. If your muscles tense up you can't balance.
I('m not feeling it.
If law enforcement has a warrant, they can find that text complete with time and text. Matching it with a specific person will take some analysis. For example, if you were at the Walmart and the call came through the tower facing that Walmart, a jury would be asked to conclude you were in possession of that phone and made the message.
The video seems to show it shutting off. I'll take your word for it. If it does not shut off abruptly, that valve is bad or plugged. They do come apart. In fact the innards are replaceable. But if it's new, you deserve a replacement.
Just a reminder: Using quiNIDine together with traZODone can increase the risk of an irregular heart rhythm that may be serious and potentially life-threatening, although it is a relatively rare side effect. You may be more susceptible if you have a heart condition called congenital long QT syndrome, other cardiac diseases, conduction abnormalities, or electrolyte disturbances (for example, magnesium or potassium loss due to severe or prolonged diarrhea or vomiting). Talk to your doctor if you have any questions or concerns. Your doctor may already be aware of the risks, but has determined that this is the best course of treatment for you and has taken appropriate precautions and is monitoring you closely for any potential complications. You should seek immediate medical attention if you develop sudden dizziness, lightheadedness, fainting, shortness of breath, or heart palpitations during treatment with these medications, whether together or alone. It is important to tell your doctor about all other medications you use, including vitamins and herbs. Do not stop using any medications without first talking to your doctor.
“Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.”
Yea, I'd tap up the whole length with duct tape just to make sure there were no accidental shorts to ground. Roll it up and keep it for emergencies. Maybe it gets used once in 10 years and will come in handy. That looks like the service mode for them already, hence the time cracks. I can't bring myself to throw any tool out.
A smoke alarm on the ceiling is pretty effective. You can set one off with burned toast, which generally won't kill you. Smoke alarm=no die. Natural fire with no alarm, great chance of injury and no time to put pants on. This is my main fear.
&gt; paper I'm more disturbed by how little is left.
I'm not even sure what it is exactly. Yes, it does look like it could be two pieces, but maybe it's designed to never come apart. Those serrated edges may just be to remove the entire piece as shown. Why does it need to come apart? Can't it be cleaned from both sides as it exists or do you need to change that outer part? If it is made to unscrew, perhaps using rubber to grip it would help. Pieces of an old bike tube or rubber gloves without the talc come to mind.
This picture needs a fuller explanation. I see a slightly bigger puddle by the play equipment, but the entire yard is generally flooded. When an area is level and it rains hard, there will always be temporary flooding unless there is tremendous drainage. That's all I see at this point. Maybe the ground has more clay and prevents immediate drainage. Since the whole yard is flooded, you would either need to dig the whole yard up to improve drainage or boost the level of the entire yard. Even boosting the entire yard would not prevent puddles unless the drainage is improved or you build in a slope or crown to what you fill it with. Sometimes there is no actual "fix" for a situation.
I made some obvious wrong assumptions. I would suggest adding a hoodie to the sweater and/or possibly walking backwards.
Looks like that black wire is designed to plug into that hole to the right of the other black wire. It has serrations to hole it in place. The wire on the left shows a locking/release device. Perhaps the dislodged one has this intact as well. Can you and have you tried just re-inserting the end into the hole. If it fits tight or locks in place, that could be the fix. Maybe the locking device just needs a slight adjustment to get it to lock. It looks like both wires are negative in that block. They might be combined successfully. The code for heating devices dictates that all the connections be mechanical rather than soldered as the heat could melt the solder.
Maybe just leave it on the stove rather than scratch your counter top with the cast iron grate.
Good point. Maybe OP panicked. We had the same and after 60MPH winds everything is dry again.
That's a great idea too. This could lead to a neat magic trick where you insert a rabbit in your back pack and pull out a wad of cotton. All the kids will be crying. When they cover their eyes to wipe the tears, pull the rabbit back out and distribute the cotton(candy).
The plus and minus are clearly marked there. With LEDSs the voltage needs to be at least three volts. Start there and move up until the brightness looks normal. Then find a longer term source of power. You could just try cobbling some cells together as an initial test. Then solder up a battery pack. Who knows, maybe a single 9V battery would work. With low voltage DC you won't get hurt. Worst you could do is burn out the lights, which is unlikely if you go gradually-3v,6v,9v,12v,etc.
That's all good as far as it goes. However, ask yourself how much junk went into your lines and what will you be drinking and cooking with. Clean all the aerators and run lots of water. Take plenty of hot baths. Municipalities can't check every house. They make repairs and issue general warnings. Witness the Flint, Michigan debacle where authorities knew the water was unhealthy and still kept it flowing and charging until they were outed. Your health is your concern almost exclusively.
It can be repaired and it can be warranted. Still, you will always have to disclose it. I say why? Why not move on to a home without this defect?
You can virtually look right through that wall with FLIR leak detection. Google for it. Look at the pictures it can show you. Find a plumber that has this equipment and get a diagnosis from him.
These are not uncommon issues with a 30 year old home. Nail pops and seams can open up. Floors that were just nailed to the minimum instead of screwed and glued will loosen over time. The creaky floors can be addressed now using devices that work right through the carpet. Here is one example and there are more. https://www.google.com/shopping/product/12395489708813755147?lsf=seller:1135568,store:18023405435634192797&amp;prds=oid:15926342996899483181&amp;q=fix+creaky+floors+through+carpet&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=-1F4WJ6iOsmwjwS6kJrQBw&amp;lsft=gclid:CI-qgo2fvtECFYS4wAodrngD2w
Those tiny holes are not hard to fill. I would say that when pushed in, those little pins will leave a slight ridge at the surface. Just running toothpaste or spackle will sill leave a tiny ring. Go over the area first with a light sanding block and after as well. Over 160 tacks is lots of tacks unless you have 50 rooms. The "art" can't be very weighty either. I lament that we will never see a sample.
You do not provide any context for us to interpret this picture. Does that ring turn? Where is the laundry room? Is this in the laundry room? There may be parts missing, If the ring does not rotate, perhaps there was a button in the middle. A rotating ring might suggest a thermostat of some kind. It could be a wall vacuum connection. You could determine this in under a minute by removing those screws and seeing whether there is a hose on the other side or wires.
Most cameras state the optical zoom right on the face. Your note about the lens movement is accurate as well. However, most camera have both optical and digital. I only use the optical. I can always apply digital later. Nothing is gained by using digital zoom in the raw picture. All this information is available in the quick start manual and often within the menu of the camera itself.
Or just hit F11 when the need arises and gain 3" of vertical space. Hit F11 again to return.
Sorry, it can't be white again with those blue stripes.
Buy yourself a set of small funnels like 3/$1 at the dollar store. Fill a cup and drain it into the funnel in the bottle next to the sink.
I could go along with these except for turning off the email. Work comes and goes efficiently through the email. Just don't be responding to junk mail or silly forwarded mail from friends that have no life.
It's not a big deal and you should take care of your woman. You could eliminate two steps in the process like I do. I wash and then hang everything up to dry. I have eight clips on hangers for shorts and socks. I have a long rack to hang hangers on. Air drying is better for clothes and energy consumption too. There is no quicker way other than buying new clothes and even that takes time.
It's just the support we're talking about. Go to the hardware or big box store and get a roll of webbing used for lawn chairs. Run four webs in the same position as the current webs. Fasten the center perhaps with hardware or sewing with nylon thread. You can attache the webs to the frame with nylon thread as well. I use an industrial stapler for this myself, but most people do not have these tools.
Take the plate off and look for wires or hoses. No more guessing. Of course, it could be empty underneath and the functionality may have been removed.
You can never say never, but generally turning off power has no detrimental effects. However, turning power back on can cause a surge. Generally, devices are prepared to handle this surge. I'd have a bunch of clocks to reset. There will be a spark at the breaker mostly enclosed, but dangerous in the extreme case where you have gases there(unlikely). Some devices are just waiting to fail. A relay for interruptible power might fail. A circuit breaker or fuse could go. The risks are small and you can deal with them.
There's no pressure on these fittings so stopping a leak should be child's play. Yet these things do leak. I've done various things including adding plumbing paste, which should not be needed. I have also installed two rubber washers instead of one in some cases.
It's pretty cheap, maybe $150-200. You could buy or rent a FLIR camera yourself, but you want a professional to interpret the view and give you a report. The condo board ain't believing you. There's even a smart phone app, but this will be the only time you will use it. On the redneck, el cheapo side, I use a &lt;$15 digital moisture meter that gives me some results through drywall. For example, I could sense water on the drywall above a ceiling. I knew where to drill holes to let the water out and dry the ceiling. I saved lots of drywall work. I hate ceilings.
What are you talking about here? This doesn't sound like anything but the local sewer. That's what MS. Dig will mark. They are not marking French drains or an irrigation system. Unless I read this wrong, the sewer is a public easement and you have no ability to change the flow in any way. On the plus side, it should pose no problem either. I suppose you could get a permit and run it in another direction, but if the main is in the direction of the neighbor, you're going to live with that until the cows come home.
I guess that's the end of it given the age and general condition. However, I always wonder how Humpty could be put together again. Weld the frame, Replace brake and fuel lines, possibly drive shaft. Do a "visual" NASCAR alignment.
Owning a bike or a pet such as a dog. Left home at 18. Retired at 38. NO regrets.
I can't see the actual break. Maybe it would be possible to gin up some brackets for that. From what I can see, the base could be stabilized with a piece of plywood, 3/8" or thicker about 15-18" round or square. Place the wood in the center underneath. Drill 1/4" holes about 2" apart under each leg somewhat near the end of the plywood. Run 50# zip ties through the hole and around each leg. If that's not enough, drill down through the plastic between the legs at that raised section near the center. Run bolts through there to the plywood or apply more zips or even use wire to secure the ply to the center area. In fact, wire could be used in place of the zips elsewhere. You have the general idea. Use the supplies you have. The whole idea is to not spend any money if possible.
While it may not allow much bacteria to thrive, it can still contain botulism spores that can thrive. I've been eating raw honey for years with no problems until a batch I got from a local farm this summer. It has been a disaster with lingering symptoms. Now I buy honey from the market that must be pasteurized.
Somewhat of a subset of your question is the case where it is legal for police to lie to a person when interviewing them in order to elicit information or a confession. If the person was properly Mirandized, that evidence or confession is admissible.
We should never forget how versatile wood can be. As far as the keys, I have stood there and drilled 1/8" holes in pennies to use as backup washers for Pop rivets.
The more I thought about this with my own sink I could easily hook up a hose to shove over the spout and direct an 18" line where I want. My spout is round, which makes that easier. The hose would have an end piece made of very compliant rubber to go over the spout and the line out of the end piece would be flexible, but not as much. I have boxes of resources, but the funnel idea is always cheap and easy.
You could trim away the loose flakes and smear Eclectic Products Goop in any form over the affected areas. You have to decided how many is too many areas to bother with. But first, I would examine the "good" areas and flex them severely, fold them really. If they crack or seem brittle like a dead leaf, the whole rest of the jacket will follow soon. Good time to discard. If this was the last rain jacket on earth and I needed it, what could be done is take a light donor jacket/wind breaker and sew it to the inside. Sew the sleeve ends, waist and neck. It would offer rain protection and be slightly warmer too, but lack some style points depending upon your execution.
Maybe "circle jerk" has come into acceptance. Rush Limbaugh uses it regularly. He uses it and then somewhat apologizes, but then uses it again elsewhere.
Einstein had a terrible memory. He said, "Why remember anything I an write down?" He did OK so I can get by too. Einstein lost his train ticket. The conductor recognized him and said he could ride free. Einstein searched for the ticket anyway so he would know where to get off the train. I try not to go that far with it.
What dome are you talking about? Are you talking about the center electrode of the jack? I can't tell if that's plastic or metal I see. If it is just plastic then maybe that is the dome you mean and yes that would be the problem. Either replace the jack or the metal connector if that is the case. Tell us more and more advice can be offered.
This happens because of toe pressure. At least it is symetrical. The only subtle way I know of is to paste a semi-circle over the top using something like denim that matches. Make it uniform from right to left and it will be less noticeable.
Good deal on the extended downspouts. Looks like the slope is away from the building-also good. Window wells could be more of a problem. You are not getting leakage there now so why bother with wells that could create problems? If the basement has no air movement or heat, you will get condensation from the temperature difference. Grading the outside won't stop that. If you are getting leaks through the bond between the cinder block and poured concrete, then seal that area. I'm guessing it is just a few inches below grade. I'd start by digging down and looking in a section that is wet. A permanent fix would be to apply plastic over tar and more tar over the plastic for a few inches above and below the bond. Maybe nothing is necessary if the bond looks OK.
People know what their own criminal background is. This is only knowing what shows up so they can have an explanation or not mention it
I use a $3 cordless five button mouse off eBay. The corners have what must be Teflon like pads. It requires almost no effort to move. Having a pad or a cords just makes life difficult.
Is it just me cause I don't know what a "tip" is either?
What kind of floor is it? Is it on a slab? How do you know the tiles are warmer? Have you pointed a digital temp gauge at it or just felt with your toes? Warm floor tiles would be a great selling point where I live.
I'd write a big check and send a text.
It could be a belt or tensioner inside. If the drum roller bearings are worn it would also be out of balance and you could lose something light between the drum and outside. Check the drum for tightness with the machine turned off.
I turned my volume up all the way and still only heard the door closing. Maybe the fridge is just lonely late at night. It's very cold and dark in there. How would you feel?
By definition a dome is a hollow roof type structure. Since OP is not willing to help, I'm going to guess that the center electrode has a little top piece missing as it looks like plastic with part of a metal sleeve below. I see these jacks for as low as 65 cents so that would be a permanent fix. I know what a jack is.
I would clear epoxy it on. I've done that with Velcro before. JB-Weld is better if you don't mind the color and do not use so much it exudes around the piece.
This hack has some possibilities. You get shelves and hanger space. Store plastic boxes on the floor. Attach the chairs to the studs, not the drywall. Then you have adequate support for the wright. If you used those large bike hanger hooks, the chairs would be easily removable for occasional use. You have to accept the fact of some drywall damage from the legs on the wall. The room being used here seem inappropriately large for this. Maybe a closet or utility room would be better for just one chair here and there. This looks like a living room and he probably removed those chairs after the picture. "Picture for demonstration purposes only."
When those slats break from the stress, you will be wearing the metal frame, wood and possibly the person above.
I think this is the natural way. Grab the case in the middle and shove the pillow in.
My method for pictures and video is to compress them. I use Irfanview with the RIOT plug in and store a 6.6mb picture at333kb or a bout 5%. I do something similar with videos using Any Video Converter or Compressor. I offload everything to a network storage device. This works for me because I edit everything new daily.
PSA: ONly do this AFTER the cat has shed the hair.
Directions say never practice alone. DUH. Who will tie your hands if you are alone? Bad things can happen. Getting tied up or getting way behind in a football game are two such things. Don't let it get to the forth quarter while behind. Don't let someone tie your hands. Always go ballistic before these thing happen. Nobody survives a drowning. PS&gt;This advertised trick won't work with bricks tied to your feet or after being injured. Make the other guy have a bad day.
That's an interesting technique that I will consider when I have made a hole too large. You can also use a lead plug and screw into that. Lead works well with masonry. The pre-drilling is key to using Tapcons. If the hole is too small, the screw will be overly tight and break. But you can feel this while driving them. Too tight means redoing the hole, not soldiering on until the head breaks.
It's really hard to tell how many calories are being burned in an exercise. Bike software is only a guess based on the work the bike is doing. How could you know the "Watts:Accurate" If you did know that the watts expended was accurate, you could convert watts to calories using the time that is also accurate. "energy (kcal) = avg power (W) X duration (hours) X 3.6" From a health standpoint time and intensity are the key. You know the time and you know or should know how hard you are working. I agree the bike software helps to keep us honest and consistent. From a body weight standpoint, diet is far more important than exercise. I try to exercise for a given period, say 60-90", at the highest intensity I can maintain and repeat after a break.
The DC power tip in your link is just the charging jack. Everybody is familiar with that. A charging "tip" is not in OP's picture nor his description of the problem. We're all guessing what he means by a tip. What I know is the device jack is available for 65 cents.
That's easy to say just get 7-8 hours of sleep. What if you get to bed at 2AM by necessity and get up at 8AM by necessity? You're stuck in a trick box unless you can compress those cycles. I'm waiting for an Irfanview plug-in for sleep.
Turn the lights out and watch the free fireworks. Forks are worse than spoons, but no metal objects should go in the MW.
That's what she said, but no, those upper bunk slats already look marginal. If you're talking five-year-olds and no jumping, maybe you could store some tissues on that chair.
I clean my six month old stains off at 4.5 months. Bug stains should be water soluble, but I guess something like a beetle shell could have some coloring that would stain textiles. Where are these bug stains that are 6 months old? What kind of solvent are you using?
They sell rubber erasers for this. I've never owned one. I use a course wire brush sometimes. Other times I keep going and let the work sand it off. Occasionally, I will peel it off with something sharp. If the substrate is prone to gumming up the paper, switch to a sanding screen that releases the gunk.
Looks like one-way traffic-in.
OK, it's one thing when you have leftover parts from an Ikea assembly. Imagine the shock of completing/half-completing a brake job and you have a drum, two shoes and a few springs on the floor. Shucks! Give it a test drive anyway. Maybe it will work out. Buy fewer parts next time. All this really needs is spray paint, especially on the shoes. Two coats on the shoes.
Best guess ever. What puzzles me is how they got facing down under the spring instead of falling off. Maybe he tried unsuccessfully to grab something else up there and moved on when it failed. You can see that the grips are locked on to something, even if it's just the rubber boot.
I think a standard replacement knob will work fine. If it's too loose, put some kind of shim in-toothpick, tape, aluminum foil. You have nothing to lose. Looks like a standard friction grip and the old knob broke so they may have used pliers. I see no damage. You might rob one from some other device in your home, but it has to have a round hole. The kind with a semi-circle or slot is not correct.
Everybody will remember certain political moves. Me too, but comes to mind when I hear Obama is that scene where he is trying to throw a snow ball. Put that together with the report of him bowling 37 for seven frames while running for office and you can imagine where I'm going. He's been on gender probation ever since.
This is not the way to go on many levels. It's not even easy in most cases. I'm plugging stuff in and out. I need the outlets readily available, not having to remove a cover. I don't want to keep bending wires either. PSA:These power strips do fail. I want to see that smoke before there is fire, not bury it until I feel the fire. Also, the extra heat build-up from boxing all those power boxes could increase the chances of failure of the strip and failure of the devices. Use the nice red box for re-gifting something.
Magnets are great for tool storage around the tool box or bench. Just throw up the well used drivers and pliers for easy access. I rob the big round magnets from the magnetron of old microwave ovens. Also strong are magnets from defunct hard drives, especially the dinosaur 5" jobs. Or you can just buy cheap Chinese magnets on eBay.
Your driveway is likely not built to commercial grade. It is probably only 4" thick and without rebar. It's not made for heavy trucks. Concrete likes to crack. You will never know if the next crack was from the tree pruning truck or chance. That 36,000 pounds is probably the gross vehicle weight of their bucket truck. Once you sign those papers that is the nose under the tent. Then they may drive a dump truck on your drive and be bouncing huge logs into it. You have nothing to gain from going along except favor from the neighbor, who could move next year. If this tree poses a problem to you and you and you want it gone too, maybe that is worth something. Otherwise, "Stay off my lawn."
I take it back. Apparently a few do.
SEal it from the outside if possible. Dig down to that level. Wire brush it. Brush on tar(Wet-Stick). Apply 100 mil plastic over that and backfil.
I ate the stuff for years with no problem so it is very isolated. I'd do it again, but now I'm gun shy to go back to the same farm. Adults are not supposed to be affected by trace elements in raw honey. I'm just young at heart and young at honey.
They are bound to lose U-verse and DSL customers too as they can't compete on speed. Customer service can't compete with a third grader. Every stinking year they get my billing wrong. I make several calls to India until I get upgraded to Indianapolis or Chicago and get it resolved.
Yes, when I was a kid you could buy chemicals at the drug store over the counter. I had scratches on my 57 Ford windshield. I bought a bag of cerium oxide and went to work. It worked some, but was very labor intensive.
Don't call me "Shorty". And that's the long and short of it.
Nothing should be in use when the oven is turned off except the clock and keyboard waiting for instructions. The magnetron is in the secondary circuit and only activates when you push the cooking button. I suggest unplugging the oven. My best guess is that a relay or component on the main board is faulty. You are asking so you are not likely to repair it. Does the oven work properly? If so, consider using it and unplugging when you leave. If it's a countertop over three years old, it may be time to go shopping as these are not cost effective to repair.
Sometimes it is obviously Chinese stuff like I see on eBay for pennies. But Dollar Tree has some unbelievable bargains. They have 15oz. cans of mackerel for $1. They tried some downsized 10oz. cans that rarely sold. They have USB cables and phone chargers. The stuff works. What can I say except I have saved money. Another bargain, a huge bag of kitty litter. I use it for oil dry.
What are the chances you are out for the night in jeans and a shirt with cuff links, if they still exist? If so, maybe you deserve to have your pants around your ankles. Is this an updated version of "I think we're running out of gas. Let's pull over." Updated:"My pants are falling down, maybe I could hold them up if my dick was hard. Help me with that."
Depends on how far from swim to work. The question is, why do they have to be dry by the time you get to work? Dry them when you get home. The heater vent trick is good, but may not complete the job. Maybe including the trip home the suit would be dry by then. Use two suits if you belong to a club. Alternate and let one air dry. We used to tie suits to the antenna of the car to dry on the trip home. That was at least half an hour at X-way speed. Cars often lack antennae these days and it might be interpreted as a distress call or at least weirdness. Join a nude swimming club(unlikely).
Use is only limited by your needs and creativity. Sure you could hang stuff from it as is, but clean it thoroughly first. You could stand it on end and use it to hole a kitchen garbage bag. Shelves could be added and fastened to the bars in various ways(screws,clamps,zip-ties). The bars and ends could be re-purposed in other ways. Sometimes I disassemble things and save the pieces for projects. It appears the bars have flattened ends. One end can be bent and used in the wall, while the other can stick up at a 45 degree angle and attach to a shelf. I'd store it if you have room or part it out now and save the pieces.
I see very jagged edges in his final product. The cuts are not worth it. Who has time to fetch string, alcohol, lighter and a donor bottle when they can't find a cup, fast food joint, soup can, almost anything. It's a great demonstration in theory, but I've see other hacks here where they get a clean cut. You could cut a cup safely out of a pop bottle or even that alcohol container in the video.
Too much trouble jamming cables in a fixed ring. Also produces stress on the cable. Simple rubber band is better.
I'd try working it out with a sharp pin. I mean like a 3" pin. You could try bending a tiny angle on a paper clip. Dig at an edge and pull. I'd rather spend extra time fooling with it than taking the cover off.
A microwave is inherently safe. There is nothing flammable except the food that you insert. The metal box contains any flames caused by wires. Still, when something is going on you like to know what it is. A relay could be clicking and that could be a concern if it turns on the unit unintendedly. As noisy as the poster says, it would be easy to tell the source with the cover off. This could safely be done by removing the cover with the unit unplugged and plugging it in afterwards and remembering to keep the hands away from everything. This is not safe for the inexperienced.
I'm greatly impressed if it was glued in place and did not leak. Do we know what he used? If I could not get a helicoil in it I would consider one of the expanding rubber devices. Glue would be last.
I couldn't last 40 minutes(in the video), but of what I saw were all usable. And the music was better than those others. Comon, you know which ones.
Add a board across the top rails and use it as a bench at the door for people to put shoes on. They are called entry way benches and run from $60-$250 and up.
Poster deserves credit for the concept though. The first step in any assembly project is to make sure you have all the pieces. It also gives me time to figure out how things go together without reading directions first.
It looks pricey for the package, but I could certainly find a use for the rotary drill part. A 12VDC battery is not going to produce extreme torque, but the idea on these small tools is to let the tool do work by the high speed instead of torque. They make accessories for various wheels. The size of the input shaft is important. I don't know if the collet is 1/8" to accept RotoZip or Dremel accessories. Perhaps the chuck accepts a range of diameters. Sometimes you just want to sand a tiny spot on the wall. This would do, but then you need to buy sanding disks regularly. This could fill a niche for the person with places to store extra junk used now and then.
I think you can do this. You are measuring the inside of the frame. Measure twice, cut once they say. You will have several windows that are the same. Do the least used ones first for practice. You will have a production line soon. They won't be too heavy, but still I'd like to perfect my mounting hardware. Wood frames might just take screws while drywall sides would receive anchors in my installation.
You need top add some brackets, either metal or wood. You could add a wood back and sides or portions to act as braces. I can't see the table so I don't know what you are working with, but this comes up all the time with IKEA table so you could find other responses, may even see your table.
Standard mailboxes are cheap and often made of tin that rusts fast. The hinge gets daily use. Maybe the hinge pin came out and could be replaced with a screw or a nail that could be bent after insertion or not. If the door is intact, there are many ways. I've seen mailboxes for $5 so that's another option. If it's rusty, why not treat yourself and the carrier with a new one. So the carrier placed the door inside the box without a canceled stamp? Shame on him/her.
OJ had great attorneys. Many elements of the evidence were flawed. After Furman appeared to lie on the stand, everything fell into place. If a person lies about one thing, everything he says or does is suspect. Even OJ was shocked at his acquittal though.
Everything is $1 at Dollar Tree.
We're not using the technology, but electricity can be sent through the air with no plugs or cables. You might say we are using it to a limited extent with WIFI, Bluetooth and cell phones, but you mean appliance level power.
These frames are made with a distressed wood appearance. I don't actually see any rot, but you could poke around with an awl and test it. All I see are 2-3 rusty nails. They could also be staples. Either way they could be pulled with a pair of needle nosed vice grips by exposing enough to grab them. Then use treated nails and fill any depressions. Forget trying to use any stain killer to stop the rust with the nail in place to promote a return. You could do that as a step after removing the offenders. If you got 100 of them, my advice would be different.
Something is not right here. You have not successfully even found the right meter yet. You don't know whether the meter you see is gas or electric. Well, the gas meter will have gas lines running to and from it with a regulator and an over-pressure valve. The owner of the meter will have the name on it as well. The meters all have serial numbers. The bills also have serial numbers. Start by finding the right meter and verifying the reading against your bill on the meter with the same serial number. You said you have the first two levels that are only stairs. Frequently those stairs will have a wall heater at the bottom drawing 1500W day and night in cold weather. If so, turn them off regardless of any thermostat. You had the temperature at 73 and now 72. I'm comfortable at 68. Why keep the heat up to 72 when you are gone or asleep? I think you could knock your usage down some. Also, how much have the rates gone up? You do not have a lock on the numbers yet.
They look like stables, especially where the mitered corners are. Staples would be even easier to pull with the right tool to dig them out for grabbing with vice grips. They make tiny prybars for pulling floor nails, also called tack pullers. I sharpen mine to dig in easier. Might work for nails to unless they used finish nails with no heads, which I don't think I see. Take the most obvious ones you can easily access and experiment with the process. Removing the offenders is a sure cure. Then use the stain blocker to keep the residue from bleeding. http://www.acehardware.com/product/index.jsp?productId=1288974
Well, there may be something more benign than a snake OP could use. There may be spices like cayenne pepper that would keep their noses away.
Isolation might be a helpful answer. I've seen cabinet liners that are a thick grated rubber product. Stacking items so they don't touch will help, but takes a little more space. This is the cheapest idea without getting into any structural work.
Seventy-five percent of the earth's mas is made of oxygen and silicon. The rest is aluminum and various metals. So the taste would be like metalic sand. If the earth were shrunk to the size of a grape it would be similar to a black hole in mass. It would be impossible to pick up from wherever you existed so you could ingest it. You'd have to sort of bend over and lick it. Long before you could get that close, you'd be sucked into the mass. Really, you are part of the earth. You would be inside the grape.
That supposed 200MPG engine was based upon some carburetor design that the industry suppressed. Wouldn't it be something if we discovered it and had to stop using fuel injection, variable valve timing, catalytic converters and so forth? This simple inline carburetor would get all the energy out of fuel and leave no pollutants. Back yard mechanics would flourish again.
OK, I love gas, asphalt, fresh cut wood and all those sorts. But the question was "unconventional" so I got that. I don't actually love it, but I'm very OK with the smell of skunk scent. Even horse shit from the local barn smells OK to me so I must be in a minority.
I have a friend, family man, who is notorious for going to such sites. He is used to running his computer down to the local shop for "cleaning." Yesterday, he brought it to me for the work. It had one of those "Warning Alert-Call xxx Immediately or lose everything" pop-ups. I got rid of most of it except for it calling home for the stupid phone number when online. Fortunately, it did not disable system restore so it was an easy fix from there. Very weak malware, but I bet they still collect some money from hapless users.
Thank you for returning with the answer. It helps to know.
The belt and suspenders approach may be the way to go here. If there is any way to drill holes and wire it together and then epoxy it, this would have great strength. Use thin steel wire if possible. I've even used nylon thread in multiple layers, but not for laptop hinges. The concept is applicable though if you can see a way to apply it.
Yes, I agree a woman can be very "handy."
The car itself with no engine running is still a good insulator. With blankets you'd remain comfortable. I might clear off my exhaust pipe and enjoy a little heat, but that's just me. Sometimes it's better not to experience the shock of warm and cold. Everything depends on the situation though. If home or safe haven is half a mile away, I'd trudge there if all in the car are capable. Always carry cell phones as well. Also, sometimes it's not safe to remain in a disabled vehicle because of something running into it like another car or the plow truck. People used to tie something on an antenna, but most cars don't have protruding antennas now.
When you search the pharmacy you see stacks of items for indigestion and gas. Most of these symptoms are normal and inconsistent. There can be medically related causes, but few require treatment. The latest craze on my radio station is scaring people with disease exocrine pancreatic insufficiency(EPI). OK, too much information. You'll find something online or get something cheap at the local store. If the situation becomes chronic, see your doctor as you may have GERD, which is treatable.
As far as pain treatment, I find Vaseline on such things provides relief. Then I'd tape up the finger with white bandage type tape. I run a loop over the finger and an inch past the nail. Then I run a circle around the finger to hold it. Getting tape to stick with Vaseline on the finger is a problem do keep the finger dry as possible away from the injury.
This is the right answer. As things get older and show wear, those signs become character marks. You can't go back to day one. You could potentially fill the dent with Bondo, sand and refinish the bottle. It would be a different bottle than you had. You can't force the dent out with pressure from within either. So "Don't worry, be happy."
I think you are right in working from the roof side. That's all I can see from here.
Not in the short time it is being used. The acetone will flash off very quickly. The added benefit is that it will not leave a residue to mar the floors/carpets. An oily make-up wipe is going to gather and spread dirt.
There is something on this list for everyone. I like being able to send txt and mms from the computer. I've always done this anyway, but now we have a complete list of carriers. Also interesting to play around with the browser as a word processor. You can past pictures and spell check. Gather as many tools as possible and something will work for you.
The small board that holds that switch has fallen in. It either screws on or is held with clips. You need to remove the cover and reattach it. Check the appliance sites or your manual for the procedure.
Dry gas for winter driving to prevent frozen gas lines. Dry gas is alcohol. Modern gas is 10% or more alcohol from the pump so adding another 12 oz. is a waste of money.
Get a respirator with carbon filters. That's the way they come with a center piece and two filters off to the side. These cost about $25 more or less. Make sure the fit is secure and comfortable. The straps are adjustable. It's the piece that fits over the face that must fit the contour well. No dust is getting through a mask like this. Fumes won't bother you either. I could use bleach or paint and never smell it. Forget anything less like a paint mask, which does nothing for your situation. Get rid of as many textiles in the room as possible. Eliminate carpet if you can. Use as few chemicals as possible even with the respirator. Make sure you have a quality vacuum with a hepa filter. Let the dust settle for an hour before removing the mask or plan to go somewhere. Take a walk outside, for example. These things will help you.
1. The air pump is more work than it's worth and probably wore out three seconds after the video. 2. Nobody needs a dart syringe that shoots 18". A rubber band and paperclip will go 20' easily. 3. The lighter trick is unsafe and performs no service.
Maybe you just need a calendar and some colored pens.
Makes sense if you just needed something for a temporary move. Where I live, we have police that would definitely hassle a person over a license light. After all, it is the law and for good reason.
The picture is too dark for me to see. Looks like a small enough job to hand sew it together. Maybe try over exposing a picture so the defect would be clear.
Another option would be to go to the zoning board with an appeal for a variance from the code. This is done all the time.
My thoughts: Are they replacing the length or the bad section? Is it a dig up replacement or a "Cure in Place Pipe"(CIPP)? Those can have excellent guarantees. I would commend your sellers for the inspection except perhaps it was the loss of function that animated this repair and revelation. Still, this is another headache out of the way.
You did good so far. Now try your luck with a vacuum. Maybe you can get the whole thing in without breaking. Then call Guinness.
There must be a video on YouTube. Common sense repairs should not take a video. The videographer can't see your mailbox like you can. Mailboxes are made to a standard. There are millions around the country all mounted pretty much the same few ways. Take a close look at your mailbox and duplicate it. If in doubt, bring pictures with you to the store and ask for help. We can't see anything from here.
Maybe your dog is dressed seductively.
Hungry people have smart phone service. Eat pizza by the slice until April 30th. Also check the dumpster behind the Quick Trip.
What if they workout at the cockroach gym? Does it still work?
I know nothing about London except the bombing in WW2. We have consignment shops here where you could leave everything until it sells. You could donate it to the equivalent of the Salvation Army. Possibly you could sell it as a lot or auction it on eBay as a lot We also have eBay resellers that act like consignment shops and handle all the details for a percentage. Start posting flyers as soon as possible in your halls and local stores that allow such.
These threads die their own death. But thanks for reporting back. That always provides incentive. ☺
If you are really into redneck repairing you could repair the door. Since it rusted, you could solder on to it. Take some sheet metal from somewhere. Cut from a galvanized stove pipe if needed. With some tin snips and pliers, you could fashion pieces to overlay the rusted out missing areas. Solder these on and re-attach. You could substitute JB-Weld for the solder if that is easier. Paint everything black when done. The mail carrier will never notice. PS&gt; Make all these patches on the outside of the cover so it will not interfere with the closing. The door closes over the edges of the main body. Otherwise your work will prevent closing.
That is not a crack. That is a structural gap if the photo is the same as what you have. That picture even has the molding around the panel cracked. Hard to believe you could have something that straight line trough only those pieces and not the rest of the door. You could play around with patches and see how it looks. Or you could panel over the rectangle with thin veneer. You'd still have to knock off and replace the molding. You lose little by working with the sandable products to start. If you are good and lucky too, you could save installing a new door. There are other types of products than epoxy such as Durham's Water Putty. There is some shrinkage and long drying time at this thickness though, but more working time. Would require more than one application likely.
Never let it get out of hand. They twist because people always put them down in a certain position and pick them up in a different position and use them. When it's out of whack by more than one twist, let the item or earphone hand to have it unwind. Manually correct remaining twists and start again. You are not going to "train" your wires not to twist because the user is the cause. Just keep up with it.
I was wrong. It does thread into slots. The instructions are here: https://images.restorationhardware.com/content/catalog/product/pdfs/prod1292104_info.pdf
I'm never working on high end items that I can't just replace the parts on anyway, but I have had great luck just using WD-40 on potentiometers that crackle. You would not spray where you arrow shows, which is behind the knob. You want spray to get inside behind that fiber board. Sometimes there are vent gabs and other times you just have to hit the crack hard and hope some goes in.(No pun intended at all, probably.)
Those directions look like your exact model in the picture. If you followed directions and twisted it to the open position, you will have to pull it off with more force than you have been using. The directions are not totally clear. It is clear that they were written by someone unfamiliar with English.
Sometimes if you try to close the zipper more, that will then allow you to move it back. Many times a piece of lint or thread will lodge in the teeth and make it difficult to move. May the force be with you.
With the right tool, that will come right off. People should own this tool anyway. In a pinch you can improvise by holding up a long-nosed vice grip or pliers and having one jaw on one side of the rib and the other on the other side. It's awkward, but this will give you the leverage you need, which is not much for the plastic nut.
Bullet wound-obvious. Stab wound- scar line and stitches. Forehead scar- hit with a gun butt Facial scars-bike accident Tibial scars- falling and hockey pucs
Yes, you need to get this checked immediately. These are the signs of a TIA. It could be a serious warning and you might prevent a more serious event. It ties in well with the fact that you were shoveling.
Just get out there every two hours or so. What else you got to do? ☺
I assume you are saying the the screws just spin without allowing the bracket to come off. Usually you can apply force outward as you turn the screws and this helps it grab in back. Pry out as you turn or pull the bracket. Otherwise, you will need to get in back somehow.
People will say, "If I make more money it will just put me in a higher tax bracket." Well, you made more money dufoos. The higher percentage is just on the "extra" money you made. You still end up with more by making more.
You should be fine. I do this type of thing all the time. If the capacity is more or less, your run-time will be more or less. Soldering to the battery has its own issues. Use as little heat as possible. Do it fast. Use the right flux. Rough up the surface first. I make battery packs with 18650 high discharge cells and never have problems.
Just go for the trunk with lots of insulation and ice if possible. It could be dry ice too.
The plastic usually snaps together. I use a small sharp knife as an edge to start separating the two pieces. I have the plastic tool to do the same, but have never needed it. There's only a few pieces, but remember where they go. If you have a meter, you can check the operation of the switch itself. Switches are good for so many clicks (MTBF) so usually it's the left click button that goes first. I just use a $3 cordless 6 button mouse off eBay as a non-gamer.
Wow, it's a shameless ad for services in a local area.
HA HA HA I think that is because the overload protection is built into the device itself. The cells usually don't have built in boards. A laptop, for example uses a bank of 3.7 cells and attaches a board to the whole pack or sometimes more than one. You don't see it because it is enclosed in a plastic module. You did due diligence in cutting your cell open to check. Solder in the new battery and let it run in a safe place. Charge it too. Feel the heat on the battery along the way. It should only get moderately warm on charge.
I've never seen them either. All I can suggest is to try to pull it down more times and release/pull it up. Beyond that I would see if the top lip will pry off to reveal a mechanism that might be manipulated, such as a ratchet release.
I'm pretty sure that sheep skin will sew easily. It would be great if you could work from the inside. You can do a nice job even from the outside. Use matching thread of course. Push all the dark fur stuff inside. Roll a tiny edge of the side pieces under and loop stitch as close to the edges as possible. The scar will be raised along the cut and that is what you have to live with. Doing this now does not preclude a more expensive patch later. A sewing machine with an open arm would be able to get to that point also. You could sew it down flat to a piece of cloth inside the sleeve. Great care needs to be given to keeping the inards from peeking out as you sew. I would do this by using a hem stitch to hold it in place and removing it after.
This piece is of sentimental value to you or it would make no sense to restore it. You worked hard on the inside to clean it up. Do the same on the exterior completely including the bottom. Practice on the bottom. Don't use a sanding drum as that will leave gouges. I use wire brushes and even flexible sanders on a Dremel type tool. Do it outside and wear a dust mask too. Finish it using techniques for rust in the auto restoration group. A little at a time any you will get done.
The example you linked to has a USB outlet. If yours has this too, what happens when you connect it to a PC? If it is recognized, maybe you can download the contents or use a file recovery program to get the information off the device. If it's just a memory on a chip somewhere, you need to retry getting it to work one time and be ready to record everything. Check the power supply again. Make sure voltage is getting to the board and not blocked by corroded terminals. Use external power if you have to. Is there a headphone jack? If so, try it with a headphone just in case the speaker is bad or the jack is cutting off the signal to the speaker. I just looked at the link again. It does have USB and headphone outlet. Try what I said and come back with your results.
My tip is not to use round laces. They come apart easier.
If that is an old school vehicle with an over flow tank, there would be little pressure on it and sealing would be easy. It probably would not be leaking either so I assume it's a more modern pressurized tank. If the clamp has lost retention, just use a stainless hose clamp in place of the spring clamp. If the tank is cracked, you must replace it. I think it's just the clamp has lost tension over years of heat cycles. Also, the rubber hose gets harder and less compliant. A hose clamp usually does the trick. Not hard to replace the hose if it comes to that or cut it back by an inch and test that. OEMs often don't give you an extra inch to play with.
Without any pictures, you don't have a leg to stand on.
Forget about drywall. You are a crafter. Find a piece of material and glue it to the wall with silicone. I have material used for signs that is impervious to weather and would be perfect. You don't have weather there. You can use a piece of cardboard just as well. If you can get a sheet in there, this is an easy fix. You could try to tape something as well using 2" sealing tape around the perimeter. Almost anything will work for you.
I have various diameter sanding disks for the Dremel. It would take a long time. The inside was the hard part. Maybe a bigger wire brush on a drill would do some of the bulk. It's a labor of love. My kid had some old boxes of tools from his grandpa. I cleaned up the tools and put them in new plastic toolboxes and said, "Here, grandpa wanted you to have this."
My DMV takes your number and texts you when the line gets closer to your number that you took on entering. Some people go home or run errands.
They sell patch kits for small holes at the big box stores (Lowe's, Home Depot). First you need to strip that wallpaper in the area and figure on how to replace it. For a truly redneck solution, just level it with spackling and paper over it.
You got too much of a good thing going there. Look on the can and it will probably say the cutter is mineral spirits. Get a quart of that and start removing the excess. If you like the color, you can leave a coat on. It will eventually dry when not so thick. Then get the right stuff.
However, they could use a string of lights with more activating based on pressure or based upon a reduction of speed.
He's sitting there with something like thick honey now. Sanding is not appropriate. He needs to work outside with plenty of rags and rubber gloves. I'd have both tables clean in half an hour including time for coffee.
That plastic washer often needs to be oriented in the proper direction. Could you have reversed it? Maybe it is worn, has a groove in it.
Every time I read this post, I get thirsty for a cold drink. I've had my refrigerator off for four months now trying to punish the electric company for high rates.
If you try to cut too many copies even with sharp scissors, the shape will tend not to be identical on all pieces. I would print my items identically on up to five sheets and staple them on two edges to keep the sheets in line. Then cut. Experiment with you scissors to see how many layers you can do accurately. I think folding would compromise the accuracy.
I saw a bunch of monitors at my Salvation Army for $10.
Typewriter
At first I thought it was a glue gun. Then I thought maybe they made cheese sticks for the glue gun.
Seems like all this extra effort should be directed at removing the source. If you have a plan and you are so sure where it is, cut the wall and pull it out. Us all this disinfectant stuff there. Put Piece of cardboard over the hole for the evening. Otherwise, your evening is not projected to go well anyway.
How many takes were made before one worked for the video? I tried this and my kid kept retrieving and using the same quarter until the supply was empty. I think there's an issue with trademark infringement too.
I did not check as I have four extra large monitors already. Luck of the draw at Salvation Army.
I see these electric kid's vehicles in the trash all the time. the gel batteries only last so long. I'd start by checking the battery. It would help to have a meter to check the voltage when charged. Then see how it drops when a load is connected. Chances are great it will drop from 6V to 0V almost instantly. The load you test with could be the motor or some other 6V device. Again, the battery is the prime reason these toys are disposed of.
You can also use this to dip peanut butter out of a jar or other stuff. Otherwise, just cut it off at the end of the finger length.
Dogs will produce the stink indefinitely. Anyone who enters your home will identify the stank. Same with cats. If we take the word vanquish literally, then you need to produce more stink than the dogs. I think you could win this competition by not bathing and spreading your own waste around, but that just makes the overall problem worse.
I don't know of any store where customer service will check out customers. If anything, the line there is longer. They don't have a conveyor or bags. I can't see this happening-ever.
You could probably just use some Teflon tape or PTFE pipe compound to stop it from ever leaking. Why do you want to seal it completely? If it's leaking, you can fix the leak. If it's a 1/4 mpt drain cock, you can replace it for $4. I can't see what you are doing from here. The drain plug is there as a feature for cleaning and draining. If the device is freezing, nothing will drain as it is frozen. However, if you want to use this as an aquarium, I could see sealing it.
Dirtex supposed to work on carpets so try that. Also: http://home.howstuffworks.com/how-to-remove-latex-paint-stains2.htm
Agree. I don't see evidence of abuse there, only normal wear and tear of an unstable surface. What happens to you depends on the character of the landlord. I would not try to disguise anything and make it seem you are at fault.
If you have a normal sized access panel, this is no problem. I bring up 3/4" plywood maybe 18"X3'. Place them over the ceiling joists and use this as a base for my ladder. I use a light aluminum ladder for this. The fan is probably not set to run continuously so it's either on the same power as the light switch or thermostatically controlled more commonly. The switch could be bad.
And it looks like a wire coming from the base. Where does that connect? Sure looks like a drain waist vent stack. You got plumbing under there?
You are unclear as to what your goal is. If you take it off, what will you replace it with? What do you expect it to look like with this removed? It can't look great underneath. First you need to sell your family on what it should look like. They already like what you have so you are bucking a trade wind to find something better. If you do find the great white whale, why not just paste it on top of what is there?
Yes, but it takes a really long time and does not always grow back in the normal shape, especially toe nails in my experience.
But what is what looks like a wire running from the base?
I think I got it: "Here's a little song I wrote You might want to sing it note for note Don't worry, be happy In every life we have some trouble But when you worry you make it double Don't worry, be happy Don't worry, be happy now" PS&gt;OP must intend this only for a measure, not saying how to move on the scale.
It's so accurate, you can use the GPS to find your bathroom now.
Interesting that the other side looks like it has some indentations too. One of those on the broken side must have precipitated the break. I consider this s design flaw. You can fix it. You already addressed the situation with the books under the center. You can sister the broken member with wood or metal, whatever is available. I would make supports for both sides in the middle. I visualize a 2"X4"X6" block at the floor and a 2"X4"X?" riser to meet the bed frame. You can use brackets to secure them to the bed rail. Your creativity determines how you achieve that. Paint them to match the bed if you want.
I'm not sure that becoming motionless is a first instinct universally. Maybe it depends on where the cramp is. If it's a leg cramp, my first instinct is to stretch the leg out to prevent the cramp from getting worse. I go through lots of pain getting there, but the alternative is more pain. I also have abdominal pain at times and stretching that out is my instinct there as well.
Interesting. But a lock with no key is no good to me. I'll just cut it off with a bolt cutter or a Dremel wheel. There's never a question of whether it will work or how long. It will do it and immediately. Also, a toothbrush with no bristles is useless to me.
My LED runs for hours on batteries. If I'm not home, I don't want to be found.
You can do these things if your time is worth nothing or you can buy a sharpener with shaving catcher for $1. I bought 10 scalpel blades for 99¢ on eBay.
And as a practicality, you always have your white underwear available for this purpose, if in fact it's still white.
OK, keep your mouth shut and don't move. I understand.
I check every day and if I get a crazy reading I check again and usually get a normal reading. The actual blood pressure did not change between readings. Also, I used to check by squeezing the bulb with the same hand that the cuff was on. That was driving the systolic up 10mmHg. Small errors won't kill anybody. It's the daliy average high BP that does the damage.
Good news. I think we can reuse the nuts. You just need new wheels.
If it's completely non-functional and you are merely blocking an opening to seal your unit, I don't see a problem. But this assumes there is no gas even piped to the unit as there could always be leaks. Just being turned off is not good enough.
A quick timed glance is fine, but never get so close you're motor-boating.
Our hands are tied without more information on your situation. Why not sleep at night like the rest of the family? What interests do you have? Maybe do some online work. We need more context to help.
This material is too thin and the cracks too large to even think of compounding over it. The crack will return before it dries. If you start messing with it, you will own it. The landlord will suspect you of more than really happened. I would go back to the landlord and describe the "normal" situation that resulted from the non-code compliant wall. It needs to be replaced or layered over.
The basic idea is fine. I do something similar with a contraption near the door. I have eight sets of keys for various aspects of my life. I just screwed in simple eye-hooks that are dirt cheap. I'm either wearing the phone or it's charging.
Try searching this sub because this exact problem comes up every two months. The fix has been posted many times. The fine wires have broken inside from flexing. This happens either at the ear phone or jack end. The bad section needs to be replaced. It's very delicate work.
It often does work and they apply "pastage due" on the other end, which is YOU. Smart move.
I take the free credit cards and use as spackling tools.
Doesn't look like you got any "exposed surface of the screw" to work with. I think a reverse drill bit is the best choice and then an easy out. The screw may not be very tight without the clamping force of the head.
Noise happens. With these window AC unites there is not much you can do when the get noisy. You're not going to change a compressor, for example. Maybe you could but some padding under it, but really, it sounds like a bearing. It could last a long time. You did the right thing to continue getting some use from it.
You could probably clean up the molding, use some filler and paint it. The carpet is a tough one. Hard to match and patch. With some ingenuity you could add a 4" hard wood threshold to back the carper up enough to pass the damage. In other words, tack the carpet 4" back. Cut 3.5" or so off. Lay the hard wood threshold on top. A walnut finish would match the carpet.
Not a life hack by any stretch. OP had fun making the video and the box is nice and neat.
As soon as those jeans come out of the washer, put them on commando style. Walk up and down the stairs three times. Remove the jeans and hang dry. Admittedly, this takes some getting used to, but there's exercise too.
Splain what I'm seeing there. It looks like it's working, but the plastic is cracked. Then there is clear tape for some unknown reason. If you are trying to repair the crack, nothing will look good. Shoo Goo or silicone might work and have flexibility. If you sew, you could sew up new flaps and add Velcro. It would not look original unless you learned from a Chinese associate though.
I agree with buying a good fan, maybe not the $20 Walmart though. They have really dumbed these fans down not for low cost. The pitch on the blades does not move the same air as yesteryear. If the OP wants to go it alone, a smaller 1750 RPM motor would be better and safe. I see 3500 RPM motors used on cage fans using the small diameter of about 4" connected with a larger drive pully with a belt. The blade, bearings and housing are all reinforced as a whole house fan moves tons of air. Also, the fan doesn't have to be a blade.
That explains it then. You need to replace the strap. Make one, design one and sew it on.
The answer seems obvious. Your spinner is too clean now.
Or you could just wipe the knife off when done, not having to run it in a dishwasher or anything.
You can't just weld it together without designing some provision for the hole that is there to act as a pivot for the arm on the left. You could find a heavy tube and cut 6"-8" off to slip over the broken ends. You might need to flatten it slightly to make it big enough to fit over the ends. This takes some hunting to find the right donor. Pop-rivet or bolt the sleeve on and drill a hole for the pivot mount. Assemble and test.
So the way I understand the numbers is that nearly half the people are above average weight?
I've had kidney stones and yea, I guess they are right up there. I've had many accidents too so the second your head hits the cement is pretty high too for a few minutes. The worst was having facial, eye orbital and lacrimal surgery following a bike accident. They had to operate through the nose without anesthetic because of proximity to the brain they told me. Twenty two years ago seems like last week.
If it cooled down now and still will not run, chance are high the windings have burned and you need to shop. PS&gt;The kids probably stopped restraining it when they smelled and saw smoke.
I'd say your wind-up chicken has stripped it's gears. The gears that engage the legs are willing to work with little resistance, but slip when under load. If it comes apart, maybe you can re-position the gears. If the gears really have missing and worn teeth, your chicken will only be able to fly.
Someone else do the math. How much heat will be absorbed by 8 ice cubes? Moisture in the air makes it feel hotter too. If I want cool, I can hang out at the dollar store. At home a ceiling fan does a great job.
The cost of liquid air and the minimal efficiency make this just a novelty. You can buy a bag of ice for 99¢.
Do the posts fit into the grab bar or do they just meet the bar? I favor a mechanical repair using small 90 degree brackets on the inside. Hold the bar in place. Mark the holes for the brackets with a Sharpie. Drill and screw each bracket to the rail with self tapping screws. Drill the post. Install the rail. It should have strength enough to lift the bed. You could even install brackets on the outside, but they would be more visible.
I go extreme: Turn off the refrigerator. Don't use the dishwasher or dryer. Clothes hang dry nicely. Fans instead of AC. Microwave instead of oven/stove. Laptop over desktop where possible. Use all LED lights.
That sounds fatal. It tries to start and can't build any pressure so it shuts down. The leak could well be in the compressor itself. Looks like you or the landlord will be shopping.
A new door won't help at all since the particle board is dissolved on the cabinet side. Relocating the hinge is a possibility, but this requires the skill and tool to cut the pocket for the hinge without destroying the door. The simple fix, if there is sufficient meat behind the cabinet, is to use extra long screws. It's worth a try and I bet there is wood back there. First remove the hinge from the door so you are only working with the weight of the hinge. Take a 1/8" drill and drill a pilot hole through the original holes to test for wood back there. Hint: Tap the bad particle board back in place so the holes will be where they were. Test this by holding the hinge in place. I"d be using 2.5" #6-8 screws. If this fails, which I doubt, you could step to a blind anchor.
Looks like it's just nailed on. I'd remove the pieces and replace it with a 2"X4" for simplicity. You need to be careful removing it that you don't break more stuff. Think in terms of prying it off or using a recip saw.
Now that you show the other side I would not want to disturb those "cradles" that support the couch. I would take two large stainless hose clamps and bring the pieces together. That would have some strength in itself. then I would sister a 2"X4" on the open side.
I would screw the wood down to eliminate as many of the gaps as possible. Then shave the rough edges around those holes. Fill the holes and use painter's caulk on the remaining cracks and paint. Take the wife out for dinner.
I found nothing I could take away. People who do work figure things out for themselves. I never have trouble keeping my gloves together. I don't just have one tool that needs safety glasses so I keep the glasses at the bench. When I use the drill driver, I might use 50 screws and various bits. A magnet won't help at all there. Etc.etc.
Not much of a hack to make a little candle from a big one. A simple butane lighter fro the dollar store is more efficient than carrying matches. Have not used a match in decades.
I don't think so. Reversing laces like that will just make the shoe uncomfortable by putting the laces and knot against your metatarsal.
Maybe they were afraid to contact you regarding the Manson T-shirt.
Sure it's illegal, but this is sometimes the way progress is made. Al Capone had a souped up Caddy. Clyde Barrow promoted the Ford V-8 right up to when it became the "Death Car." Do you really want criminals coming out of jails with out dated technology?
PS&gt; My treadmill is 20 years old and going strong. I use it 2 hours per day(365), but the speed is more than a work pedestal model.
I use a small digital moisture meter that cost $13 on eBay. Concrete is wet. If you park a vehicle in there, that adds moisture and chemicals too. I would install a moisture barrier in the area adding two feet to the perimeter of your TM. On top of that you could layer a mat, carpet or 1/4" plywood. This only helps the small, but significant, space directly under the TM. I don't advise a cover unless you can make it relatively air tight. You know the weak spot now so maybe you could bag that area. I would think if you used it every day it would dry the area out from heat and air flow. After hearing what you have been through, I'd just go to my stock and grease the area with dielectric silicone grease. That should handle the immediate problem itself.
I would just buy some matching thread and loop stitch it back to that seam. Nylon thread is extremely strong and would be my choice. I would grab that mesh far enough out to stop further fraying. This will be easier if you use a curved carpet needle. Carefully tie the ends and cut short. Then apply a dab of clear glue so the knot does not untie.
I'd put it on the cable that was affected. Do some research on dielectric grease. It insulates and does not conduct electricity so you won't short anything out. Maybe the spray would be easiest to apply. https://www.gamut.com/p/crc-dielectric-grease-10-oz-container-size-silicone-2-nlgi-grade-NDkyNjIy?gclid=CK-K2tmNzdQCFQQPaQod6i8LMA&amp;gclsrc=aw.ds&amp;dclid=CL3-8NmNzdQCFcV4AQod0ksG7A
Not actual speed, but still impressive. I kept waiting for him to hook one of those poles with his outrigger.
This is a classic case of where"The juice ain't worth the squeeze." Are you going to refrigerate the whole machine? You'd have to clean and purge the hoses to prevent contamination. Just because something can be done does not mean it ever should.
Thanks. I feel fortunate not to take any pills. Please post a picture of your stash. The rainbow of drug colors is amazing.
I'm not going to use a mop and throw it away, which is what I'd have to do. Modern fixtures do not unplug using grandma's old sink style plunger. They need a cup plunger. A cup plunger will seal and unplug before any mop. Using a mop for this is simply disgusting. If you toilet is plugging up that often you have an equipment problem or you are Al Bundy before he got a Ferguson.
You must use tongs to pull the splash guard, but it is perfectly OK to put it back in there by hand?
How was he neutralized? Did they pour baking soda on him or what?
Ethan gets to spend $18.20 for lunch. This family is rolling and they can't use a word processor for their contract?
Looks like a combined effect to me. I see evidence of water splashing over the edge. That could be cleaned up immediately after each shower to minimize damage. But I also see plenty of gaps in the caulking that will allow water behind the board and produce the delayed effect you are experiencing. Nothing seen in the pictures looks water tight enough for a shower. I see a floppy curtain pulled back on the right. That won't stop water overflowing on the sides. I think the landlord needs to do some work and you need to participate in daily maintenance, but the work comes first.
I don't think so. A 16zo. frozen water is going to release under 200BTU's while melting. A room AC unit would be from 5,000BTU's up to 15,000. The fan will help you stay cool while the frozen water would be better if you sucked on it. And you are not saving anything because of the energy needed to freeze the water to begin with.
I keep que cards with all my PWs and store them in Firefox too, but sometimes with changes you can still get trapped. What I do then is change the PW to something vulgar including the site name. Makes it easier to remember and I can only hope someone checks the database and sees it sometime.
35 pounds doesn't sound like much, but it's fighting gravity 24/7. And it's glass. Unless this mirror has a frame you can work with, I'd favor mounting it directly to the wall like a bath mirror. Use a small hardwood ledger at the bottom screwed to the studs. Then use four mirror brackets to hold it to the wall.
But the water doesns't have to come from the side. It can spill over the top if all you have is a curtain. I don't see these splash guards in the pictures. I see cracks, mold and wetness that had to come from the shower. These holes need to be plugged and the shower needs to be dried after each shower. This is normal maintenance, partly the landlords and partly yours.
That is an impressive little car. I'd love to crawl under and explore. I could work on that in my living room.
Pretty much sums it up. Those two fittings in the center are most suspicious. They mate plastic to metal and the metal is rusty.
I saw two people walking a big dog down the bike path past a large tree. Just after they passed the tree a squirrel ran down and "pranced" right behing the dog for many steps. He looked like he was showing off to his friends. It was funny on a human scale and perhaps to the squirrels. The squirrel was never in jeopardy as the tree was so close and the dog could never make the full turn and have any hope of getting to the squirrel.
I look at it positively. Sometimes you're left wondering if this or that would work. The poster never returns so we feel unsatisfied whether our suggestions had merit. We have complete closure on this case and the poster wastes no time or money. All we're missing is the picture with a hole in the block.
I use what they call a 5-way tool. It's essentially a very robust putty knife with no flex at all and a thicker metal body. I sharpen mine to a razor edge. If I angled it tight to the wall, I bet I could peel those off without any damage. Then I'd roll the remaining Command strip matter off and refinish as needed.
Opening packages has never been a high priority difficulty for me. I could do this type of wrapper by hand or by shoving an object in the hole provided. It's the blister packs that need scissors to cut off an edge to pull.
I could make the same thing in 5" using a hacksaw. I don't have 3/8" aluminum rod in stock. A dowel might work for low intensity sanding. I could cut off a bolt. Always wear safety goggles.
I'd just loop stitch it with nylon thread and singe any frays that remain.
For a second I read that to be the Indian reservation fireworks sale. Could be legal for a "Lil Eagle."
Yea, what's left to pulse about?
I think your idea of the two holes and the zip tie would work fine.
All I've seen is with reverse direction threads. So in this case "RIGHTY LOOSY." Once you have the screw out put a large Allen wrench in the chuck and lock the chuck. Then strike the wrench in the normal direction to loosen-LEFTY.
I knew it was not from expansion. Thanks for the back story. You could buy a half sheet of 3/16" plywood or some other thin veneer. Cut the shape of the inner dimension and glue that sucker in there.
I've heard that where I live it's considered theft without turning it in. If, after a period of time no owner is found, it can be reclaimed by the finder. If I find $20 and nobody is standing around, I'm going to pocket it and move on. If I find $80,000, I'd search for the owner or turn it in. But I have fantasized about how to act if I did not turn it in. I would make no deposits of any kind. I'd live off the found money as much as possible. I knew of some teens that were at a movie with punks in front jumping up and down and disrupting the show. They got up and left. The teens started cleaning up the mess on the floor and found a beat up lunch bag with $1,200 in small bills. Apparently the punks were a drug crew. I think the teens split the cash.
You can spend hours searching around the junk yards or you could go to Walmart and purchase a set for $15.50 up. I'd be shopping, not scrounging.
I see about 12' of miscellaneous wire that needs to be organized there. You were just putting us on anyway though.
As long as you keep it zipped, you're OK.
You don't want to seal the water into the wall using Flex or anything else. You must fix the leak first. The grading needs to be away from that wall. Because this was a problem leak, I would go a step further. I would dig down up to three feet and six feet either side of the leak and seal the wall and drape 100ml plastic down the wall three feet and out to the yard three feet angled down slightly. This gives the water a place to go. Then complete the grading.
My brother was a radio operator in the X Corp, calling in air strikes in Korea from the 7th Fleet. He carried a 45 he was not supposed to have. One night he went out for a smoke and was observed. He used his gun and moved the trailer soon after. PS&gt; He was not supposed to be smoking outside either.
Yes, copper to copper and color to color, same as the other side. G &amp; R mean left and right, not sure of which.
He kicked it. That pretty much explains all the cracks. Every piece in the picture has room to float.
Be as gentile as possible and keep a stock of back-up headphones. When they quit, move one up the queue.
My pulse is 45 and my respiration rate is 5pm. I should live to 1,000. Thanks.
I got kin coming in from down south crossing the river. Any tips on when to expect them?
I'd have that out in minutes. I would cut a slot using a Dremel type tool and a very thin cutting wheel. Then remove with a slotted driver. I realize people don't always have these tools though.
Yes, I do this all the time. Yes, you cut right through the plastic and it leaves a cut mark for all time, but you have the screw out immediately. Again, I have years of experience doing this. The cut mark is on the bottom so it is not seen.
There is no checking in the video. I know the difference from red=raw to black=too well done. Suggest a meat thermometer for safety.
Every fridge I know of has temperature adjustment. Being new suggests it was not set right to start. Look under panels and around the edges with the doors open. See if you can beat the management company to the punch. Smell? Nothing worse than rotten meat, which you suggest may be the problem if you had to throw meat out. Here is the Internet recommendation for that. "Fill bowls with baking soda, fresh coffee grounds, or vinegar. Place the bowls inside of the fridge/freezer and close the door. Allow the bowls to absorb the odors for several days up to a week. Replace them as necessary to keep the odor absorbency strong."
You want to end up with a cosmetic repair. It looks like all the pieces are there. I would unscrew the remains from the metal fitting and use clear epoxy to put them back in place so you have the "simulated" wood finish as before then drill holes all the way through and bolt the metal brace in place using washers underneath. That will hold firmly. Use stainless nuts and bolts if possible so it can never rust, maybe even brass if you like.
You are unlikely to find that switch at an appliance site. They will sell you a complete board for more money. If you want to solder in a new switch, you will need to find it at an electronics site. It's a very common part. But first you need to determine if it is an on/off self contained switch or a "touch" switch used in conjunction with an IC on that board. If it sort of clicks when you push it, it is self contained. If you hear or feel no click, it is a "touch" switch. You can verify this using a VOM. I would not change it if it feels loose as long as it works properly. If it's so bad you think it will fail, go for it.
Always fun to ponder these unlikely scenarios. They would be in charge of our future of course. What about the possibility of aliens boosting us to their level over a short term? Maybe they could alter our DNA instantly and give us new hard drives and RAM, sort of a tune-up for the humans.
I've done chairs with vinyl covers using staples on the bottom. This is different. Getting those corners done without wrinkles would be impossible by me.
Women always like a new vacuum. You could be violating something major by circumventing the normal cycle of replacement. You can find this switch or a switch easily by searching for a three position vacuum switch. You could relocate and use one of these. https://www.amazon.com/Oreck-Upright-Vacuum-Position-Switch/dp/B00ITZDGKE
Like hanging ur wash out to dry.
We got lots of red foxes around here. Usually, you don't see them. If you do or they approach humans, chances are greater that they are rabid or diseased. They will bite in that case.
Insufficient facts. No picture. Dimension is too general. Does the neck have a rounded lip. Is it clear? What is the intended use? Would a cork work for you?
You can't solder it as that would melt the plastic. You's be lucky to find the right solder and flux that would stick too. Your picture does not show the critical part, which is on the back side of the frame. You are stuck with trying to wire it together and losing functionality on one side. You can do this by drilling 1/16" holes in both sides and tightening wire judiciously around the two sides. You could enhance that further by applying epoxy over and through the wires. I keep a bag of old glasses from finds, donations or obsolescence. I might be looking to transplant the lenses in this case.
