I came here to talk about the Patriot but OP already mentioned it. there was just about nothing accurate on the movie. The main character doesnt even exist and is created from two real people. On top of this the climactic battle (i think Cowpens) wasnt even that important to the overall war...
Oh i forgot about the 13th warrior. its a movie about a middle eastern prince who goes to Scandinavia and ends up joining a group of vikings who go on a journey to liberate/save another group of Scandinavians. He cant speak their language but slowly learn it over months of listening. eventually he crafts his own sword and is accepted by the vikings and pretty much becomes one of them by them end. Edit: fixed spelling
the crystal itself creates the power, it is held by a containment field in the saber i believe there is an actuater that activates the crystals energy, like light on a photograph type chemical reactions. i dont remember but i read somewhere about it, its just been years.
pretty much during that period. However during the conquest of christianity, especially spreading to english isles and such it was really just one of those "hey they worship something other than christ. Lets kill some of them, persecute the others and eventually theyll be scared and join us" If you really look into how we got the current visuals of the Devil it is actually based on and very similar to a Celtic deity who was pretty much the personification of nature to the Celts.
Austria, Australia, Argentina
if it were highschool i would have a bunch but university not so much
only 2 people on the show are from New Jersey, but pretty much everybody i know hates new jersey...
American here. You hold the fork the left hand especially when using it to hold food when cutting with a knife. Although, when i travel outside my state i sometimes get weird looks for it.
fair enough, i actually enjoyed it for what it was, just the blending of history and fairytale kind of bugged me.
tumblr
Music. whenever im not thinking about something i have some sort of music in my head, usually symphonies and such but thats my favorite kind of music
Captain Hook in the original story was trying to save the kids when they got too old because Peter Pan would kill them because they werent kids.
upvote because you beat me to it.
Yoda's birthday. he's been around for 800 years (by the prequels) he's been the head of the council for how man of those?
yeah in the original story Peter Pan was actually the bad guy. (the stories all had a twist or horror of some sort, like Cinderella had the two sister cutting their feet to fit the glass shoe) Captain Hook was just trying to save kids before they were killed.
1812 Overture, finale. Cannons galore. I considered Always Look on the Bright Side of Life, but that would be more leaving the battle (sorry for no link cant post it atm)
I picked a fight with my brother who is 5 years older, because he got me in trouble. Long story short i almost got stabbed...
Peter Pan is actually the bad guy. Captain Hook is just trying to save the kids Peter kidnapped, because when they get too old, Peter takes them into the forest and kills them.
Being stabbed with a spoon. It has to penetrate 2 inches into me.
Hot chocolate and Mcgriddle sandwiches breakfast is on me, forever.
if I read this 4 hours from now, that would be me.
hey can i get my bass amp repaired?
this is like the 5th thread ive done this on but Captain Hook is actually the goodguy in the original Peter Pan story. Captain Hook was just trying to save kids from Peter Pan who would kill his kidnapped kids when they grew too old.
i just made a similar comment.
nah, its a thing my band friends and i do, see other reply, i honestly could care less about my Karma I'm on reddit for laughs during school.
Personal favorite my friend came up with: I want you backing: Michael asks a girl to sing backup for him.
i bet getting all of them at once would be pretty difficult
I thought about replying with something about amnesia, but i forgot what i was gonna say
O
this is very common, as many southern roads are placed on old paths between farms and such, as infrastructure wasnt need for straight roads, as many farms were self sufficient for the most part. I should also mention that Vehicles are prepped for cold weather in the north, school buses get special prep for super cold weather.
TLDR: video can be used if mentioned by anyone, or taken from a security camera If the video were taken by, say a security camera on a neighbor's house, the Police can ask for that film, or even take that, and it WOULD hold up in court. Also, if any person were to mention a video during court proceedings, the court would ask for it, and at that point even if taken wrongly, would hold up because of a court mandate.
If my memory serves correctly, Herman was the second big one after GHG, who was popular in the 1910's and early 20's, Herman became Green's "rival" (even though they really never crossed paths) in the late 20's and 30's. Where Green focused and played more xylo stuff, especially rags; Herman was the first American 4 mallet marimba soloist, and he played all kinds of pieces, particularly versions of classical music, and piano music set for Marimba solo over either an orchestra or piano accompaniment. (source: my private lesson teacher who specializes in early percussion)
Drum corps method, that i apply even for concert applications: Play 2 mallet runs/pieces while holding 4 mallets, and dont let the outers touch the board, builds hand strength and keeps outers from messing up a piece
i believe they meant non-standard design, rattan mallets bend over time due to moisture and general use
...ok... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Harry Potter, the boy who lived, come to die" entire plot of the movie...
*A man chooses a slave obeys...*
the site itself isnt, a major group of the users are however, as the site was founded and is based in a strong left leaning area.
whats the first name of the main dude from that Hamilton musical?
How many percussionist does it take to change a lightbulb? 1 to do and then repair and tune everything else while the rest dick around....
more as in going away from A=440, thats what i thought they mean, however im not sure.
thanks, that really makes sense as the ones i was looking at had marimbas with low pitch more often, for a richer sound.
Avengers Wars: A New Hope Basically Civil War but in space, and maybe they will reconcile
I wonder if OP has ever driven on an Ohio highway... Way more potholes there than on the side roads.
I-75 north of Cinci has been under constant construction since the 70's... and still has hundreds of potholes
i believe the specifications for the new Gerald Ford class' rectors was around 300 MW although i may be wrong.
fair enough on the TMI, i completely agree with naval reactors being safer on a number of points
construction season hasnt ended since my mother was in high school
The real problem is that even Americans dont know, The media, all of them rarely tell the whole truth. Almost every "poll" they give, has been manipulated, or given to certain people to give the answers the media wants... (source: uncle works for a major media source, and covers political issues/gives "polls")
TLDR: CS is easier to work with for competitions and is built for precision whereas CoD is built for speed. CS has been around longer, and is built for team tactical co-op play(ie: slow, precise) that has real world stats built in, and places more emphasis on being precise and attacking first. CS is built for PC and therefore is easier to set up for a major competition. CoD is built for individual play with fast rounds and easy to use weapons. It places emphasis on speed of rounds and of players, and uses easy to use weapons, that dont take as much skill or practice to use effectively. This takes the precision away from gameplay by allowing someone who is attacked to turn on, and kill an attacker much more easily than in CS. CoD is developed with consoles in mind more than computers and with that, is more difficult to set up for a major competition.
From my experience the Vic Firth pads have a good bounce that is similar to playing tenors. I have a 12" double sided pad and the soft side is great for tenor practice, while the hard side is very close to the feel of a kevlar snare head.
As far as snare sticks go, im a fan of the Hardimon's for marching snare(great weight, balance, and dont need extra tape) and for concert/drumset i would suggest Buddy Rich's above all others if you can find them, they are larger and heavier than most set sticks so they get better volume. they are also shaped with a tapered shoulder-head section so they wont get caught and give a wider range of sounds, finally they are coated for extra durability.
The only issue of the Vic Firth snare pad is that the soft side is very bouncy compared to many others, although it is still good. I actually use it for tenor practice when i dont have a tenor pad. The Hard side is great, it feels just like a kevlar head.
Having sheet music isn't considered unprofessional per say, many groups choose not to have sheet music in their looks. If you think about bands, many songs are either done by ear, and never written down, or are and are sometimes read in studio for recordings. Musicians use sheet music at times, but with what the crowd is shown, we dont see that.
Spartan IV's. the III's were basically just cannon fodder, in the books i think it was Jericho 3 they raided, there were something 500 of them, and barely any survived. Read Ghosts of Onyx(i think thats the one) That also explains how Frederick, Kelly and Linda survive all the stuff going on.
i was about to say the chair but you two already hit it pretty well
"What is your name?" "I am Arthur, king of the Britons" "What... is your quest?" "To seek the Holy Grail" "What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?" "What do you mean? An African or a European swallow?" "Huh? I... I don't know that... AUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHH!!" "How do you know so much about swallows?" "Well, you have to know such things when you're a king, you know."
Long...live...the...king
I pick things up and i put them down
oh also lots of plants, and poop
My starbucks is now made of chocolate chip cookies... eh could be worse
Of course monogamy is a myth? Who ISN'T in a polygamous relationship? I mean its like you people hate fun, and all things good in the world. (source:¯\_(ツ)_/¯) Edit: Misspelled polygamous
Anakin Skywalker in Forest Gump, see what Galactic events He unknowingly shapes.
mate try Holsts the Planets, specifically Mars, spooky boner...
From my experience, the German speaking countries are pretty good, most people speak english as well as german, and the languages are very similar so you could pick things up just by listening
well, most likely the lowest note, its usually to low to hear clearly
hate
good
any cake loving heathens that comment here better watch out
it depends, my highschool works on a Block schedule, so we have a class only every other day, but we meet for 90 minutes a period. so we do homework like colleges do
kill
him
have
Please become a speaker about situational awareness.
You, my friend are the real MVP. Even if there is only one lane, I will try and position myself so there may be enough space for someone else to turn.
Yes. I work in a place where I get lots of phone calls wondering if we have such and such or if we can make a delivery. With older people, and a large variety, a quick good bye can get you a long way.
They will hurt after a while, but it depends on how strong your code is more than anything. My first suggestion to any snare and tenor players is to start a regimen to build up your core strength to carry the drums for a long period of time.
I would be fine with kenwood as I go there regularly, and it would help to stay away from competition in West Chester/Mason which have been receiving the popular places like Marion's and Canes
Yes indeed it is, beautifully jagged is probably the best description I've hear for that note.
That sucks mate, I had something very similar happen to me in fourth grade, where I left a school because of a very similar principal. Hopefully everything's ok now.
Whose food the cat or the wife?
Fair enough, but unfortunately at least up here, people are more likely to go for the thin crust pizza this the deep dish.
Sorry m8
It's when he runs after his son's bus that hits me.
Fuck man, iron giant hit way too hard
What I've found is that hardly anybody in Cincinnati is actually making a stink(aside from my brothers father in law)
Idk if you can get it/ for cheap, but there's a program my school used (they gave students computers) called Dyknow,. They were able to take control of our computers, see whatever we did, shut them down or just watch us, or even play the games we had pulled up for us, without the students knowing. Also they used it for teaching.
These experiences cause me to leave a school, and taught that if you get into a fight, you better damn well be the only one walking away.
I went to an all male Catholic highschool, and technically, the archdiocese says they can't refuse to admit a girl, they can raise tuition to crazy amounts but they can't say no
I know a lot of public school kids in America that are forced to use the foam balls in gym for football/soccer...
Go to a private school most places require skirts
Have some nice Reddit silver
Pretty much in Cinci, it isn't even an issue...
I've only seen Cinci people that don't give a shit
Take your damn upvote
"I'm Guy Fieri and we're rolling out..."
You mean commander crunch...
It's just the Smith&amp;Wesson 500, no magnum
I know someone whose name is Richard Dickman, and let's just say that his name fits his personality.
Yes, it was written specifically for Lion King
Kevin
Not particularly fun after a certain age though, speaking from experience, also ringworm is NOT fun
It's been exploding around my area with FC Cincinnati
It's not really all that impressive. They used to hold highschool state finals there, and the stadium is small and all concrete. The museum itself is kinda meh.
I wouldn't say major, aside from when the World Cup or the Olympics roll around, most US people couldn't give a shit. However, it is beginning to grow, exponentially so around me with FC Cincinnati, but overall it still has a ways to go
Like u/invertedearth said, a time signature is a way of counting time in a piece of music. Specifically 4/4 talks about the the number of beats (the number of times you count) over the basic note, the quarter note(think of 1/4). So, in one measure(the basic unit of music), in 4/4 there would be 4 quarter notes in that measure, and you would count them as "1, 2, 3, 4". This is because there are four counts as shown in the numerator.
... I had no problem with mine
Amen to both of you, you managed to put something that pisses me off into better words than I can
For me, my right thumb and palm hold the low strings while my left Palm/fingers hold the top strings. As for playing, I hold my right hand almost as if I'm using it as a "person" all fingers are limp/folded except for my index and middle finger, which I keep loose for speed and general tone.
Greek fire was able to burn underwater supposedly and still kept most of its characteristics, also apparently it burned a blue-green
Actually, the US expected an assault in the Philippines because that was where the Japanese were conquering at the time. After the oil embargoes, Japan felt that war was necessary and that the US would expect an attack in the Philippines, so instead they attacked Pearl Harbor in an effort to put the US fleet out of action. This action thoroughly surprised the US.
The entire reason for knowing that answer
If that was the case, the naval command would not leave 9 battleships and other support ships in port. At the very least they would notify the carriers of an incoming attack and keep them nearby in order to fly sorties to combat the Japanese attackers. The other ships in port were all post-ww1 ships and would not be sacrificed so they could go to war. 3000+ US servicemen and civilians died in the attack. Every single case that the US knew of an attack ahead of time at the very least evacuated civilians. Even before it was a country, at the battle of Lexington, civilians were all evacuated and the battle took place in a deserted town save for the Mass. Militia. The only known case of a country refusing to evacuate civilians due to an incoming battle, was Stalin with the battle of his city(Stalingrad). The argument presented has no basis and makes no logical sense in a wartime or even a near future wartime situation. Battleships cost an exorbitant amount of money to build, even then. Even with carriers, there is no way that the US Navy would allow such an investment go to waste.
Thank you for this answer. I made a response that was more for an explanation of how an object has no pitch versus those that do. However this was incredibly detailed and well made. Kudos to you my friend.
I think you are looking more for overtones. Overtones are what actually creates different octaves and what allows for different types of tuning. The bars are shaped and tuned so that he overtones they create match the desired pitch. Think of it as Legos. If your goal is to build a tower. You need to stack a few different Legos on one another. This same principal is how tuning and pitches work. That is also the reason why the overtone series gets closer together the higher in frequency you go.
Yes they do. Harmonic overtones are what create a pitched instruments sound while Inharmonic tones help to create a white noise sound, but those Inharmonic tones conflict with each other due to destructive resonance and die out quickly leaving the harmonic tones, which in the case of a cymbal are what created the fundamental
Eyy somebody knows. Larkin actually came and visited this last year and he stopped in to say hi to his government teacher who happens to be my home room teacher. I got to chat with him for a bit
Yes, yes I do. I've met him a few times because I do a lot around the school and some of it involves the football program
Well, I've written a 20 page paper on this before, at least my opinion on the matter is that it shocked the Japanese to the point that they ended the war with less deaths than a full scale invasion where every citizen would fight to protect their emperor.
It would take longer than an already too long reply to accurately explain this. The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor for a couple reasons. The US had put a full oil embargo on Japan, leaving them with just a 90 day supply. This would cripple the entire nation and was seen as an act of war. Now, the Japanese were galavanting around the South Pacific near the US controlled Philippines. The US thought that they would attack there in order to take control of the resources there and because it was the closest US installation. However, knowing this, the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor for a surprise attack. The second reason for attack Hawaii was to knock out as much of the US Pacific fleet as possible in order to keep a counter attack at bay. They knew that at best they had a 50% chance of catching the carriers in port because they had to be at sea for training while all others were able to train in port. Because of this, the main targets were the 9 battleships stationed there. They hoped to knock out the main US force and to sucker punch them into staying out of the war. TLDR: Japanese wanted to surprise the US and knock out any chance of a counter-attack
At that time the battleship was considered to still be the capital ship. The Carrier was only used as the major offensive by the Japanese at the onset of the war. This being the case, they also knew that the carriers were only in port for resupply as they could only do training at sea. Edit: a word
American living in a super Germanic area. We somehow took both large portions and really good quality food, but of course there's no way you can finish the amazing food in one sitting, it's sad
The rule here is if they did good service around 20% is normal, but pretty much $5 is actually more common
This isn't very conducive to or against the point I made. Also, the decision to try Emperor Hirohito was solely on MacArthur, the ranking Commander post-war. He decided against it saying that the Japanese would be more open to influence if Hirohito was not tried.
Thank you, I couldn't remember what convinced him.
K9 konsume K9
Neat, this is actually a joke from my drumline in highschool. We had a drum cheer called "dog eat dog" and we would jokingly say either "canine consume canine" or "KKK"
Yes, we do unfortunately, our government decided that if employers state a job has tips as part of their income, they can pay around half of minimum wage and say that the tips are their other income. So, it forces us to tip even if people are assholes, luckily I've never had a server who was horrible, just some that were a cut above the rest.
I see you're part of the Kool Kids Klub
I had a teacher tell me he was giving me 2 hours of homework every night, and then the other 6 teachers fucked me over, let's just say I barely passed
I actually threatened that once, my biology teacher did not like me afterward... Edit: this happened on a day where I had one teacher the entire day because we had no actual classes. So I had spent 5 hours with this dude and I needed to take a shit very badly, he still wouldn't let me, so I pulled this because the last person who said he had to or else the room would be sodden was ridiculed by the teacher for weeks.
Agreed, live here, and nobody I know gave 2 shits about it. Although I will say, I heard a lot of people talking agreement with the decision to not prosecute.
Yeah, I've had that too.
Thank you somebody else looks back at history and sees that we are making the same mistakes. Also have an upvote for the Twain reference
I don't but I appreciate the time put in, and the history on the historical ones
You need to be more careful and control your heights. The diddle in 43 was crushed and your ruffs aren't speaking.
I always knew it as a suicide of suicide rub
I wish they had more poutine joints in my city, we're like the one US place that has even a small appreciation for poutine. That sounds delicious. The best poutine in my city is at a place called Senate. They specialize in hotdogs but have a braised pork poutine that is to die for.
Yes sir
Yes more specifically that was a paragraph by the snare tech
If it's 90 degree, that would be boxing. I remember that from years ago. If it weren't 90 then it may have been marching band... So boxing?
Fair enough. I know of the Georgia shuffle as a swing Rhythm
Drumline specifically snare
Name checks out
It's illegal in my state to use them, not to sell(need license) but to use
They could always do what they did to darkrai and ban its signature move. Darkrai is only a UU without dark void. Also on that note I find it odd that Arceus is only an uber
Shut it freshman
As was a joke within our DCA corps last year the answer to that is "Bugatti"
Well I mean they're already fucking on the side
Nope, ohio. Look up Ken Griffey Junior's highschool
We are actually super tiny, but one of the top BOA bands is 5 minutes from where I live. Mason has a ridiculous program, but another school has over 400 members this year...
The Fruit of Grisaia fucked me up just because when I watched it I was going through some serious shit, and it really put everything into perspective for me. It ended up helping me realize what I needed to do, and for that I love, not to mention the awesome story.
You know, I loved the show up till the second season finale, that pissed me off for some reason
Don't have a link (read: too lazy) but in Bladedance of the Elementalers, just for sheer WTF, the scene with Est and chocolate...
Sekirei needs one now. That story is ridiculously good but it's been 5 years since the last season
Came here to comment your number 4 also extras 13, 70, and 80 Extra 48 (IS) could use one for sure because season two just is a terrible place to leave off
I fucking love Grisaia, it hit me way too hard though at times But for me, story or at least the prospect of a good story, or a good romance lead
Romance+badassery+good story Think Ah! My Goddess, or Sekirei
Well part of that is that they don't use our versions of scales and tones. They use primarily pentatonics and half/quarter tones, which gives it an "oriental sound"
Learning music, in the classical sense is hard because people don't denote time to practicing it. Once you learn the notes on the staff, and how they transpose to your instrument, there's a period of time where you will have to write in note names or fingerings when you play but it gets to the point where you just see the note and your muscles do it automatically. Granted for percussion and other keyboards it is a little more difficult than that
I had to teach my second grade teacher what north and south were. According to him I lived to the south of school and the city, which I knew was bogus at the very least because I had just moved from further north anyways.
That fucker deserves to die. What self respecting musician past the age of 17 doesn't know bass clef
Serves them right
After DCA finals last year, every corps (except for Cadets 2) had a massive party. Al the corps were in the same hotel, and there was one guy from Caballeros who brought 50 lbs of alcohol in his suitcase and made drinks for everybody. There were Cards Against Humanity games, truth or dare circles (which got fun once people were drunk) and some other fun stuff. This went on until 5 am or something, and was probably the best party I've been to. Also this quote from our visual head: "... Horns to Jesus is not an acceptable technique... Unless you're Pioneer"
When talking about octaves, C is the first note of any given octave, so B is therefore the last, B0 is the highest note of the 0 octave, so the second fret of the B string would indeed be C1 all the notes could be in the 1 octave until you get to the next C, which is A string fret 3. With the playback issues, most speakers struggle with playing anything below an A1, which is why they take everything up the octave, to protect your speakers. Edit: I see, they take it up the octave in their writing because they want you to get used to sight reading within the staff, the low notes don't really come up at often, so they don't stress it as much. I just remember that E is one line below the staff and then is gets easy from there to tell, because C is the next line and B and D are the spaces, they're really some of the easiest ones to remember and honestly shouldn't really be stressed
Well when weren't they?
Seasoned pit musician here (mostly drum set instead of bass) my first go to is to listen to the soundtrack as much as possible to start off. This gives you an idea of what it should sound like and what sound you may want to get which will help in deciding what bass to bring. -When you listen to the soundtrack keep your book with you and look through it as you go. If you notice inconsistencies between the written stuff and the played stuff mark it down and ask the conductor -Work on sight reading! There are parts that you may not see once with the group before the show -Keep a notebook on you at all times in rehearsals -Remember that musicals have a lot of improv between specific performances, so be prepared and if you think something sounds better ask about it -JCSS is a newer musical and will have bass guitar instead of Upright, but for tone, I would suggest a middle of the road J-bass which works well for both rock and jazzier stuff, which most musicals have a combination of anyways.
I disagree with the picks. I've had 2 for my bass that I've had for 3 years now. Haven't broken or been lost. I just keep them in my wallet.
Why not keep them in a wallet? I've had two for three years that way
Well it's just enough for one (terrible) commander deck
4/4 is a natural rhythm to westerners for the most part because it's what we experience our entire lives, but in the natural sense, it's because everything we do is divided into fours or twos giving a natural rhythm to work (i.e.: using a hammer, there's the downstroke, the hitting of a nail, and the upstroke afterward) The concept of a common time was developed mostly by the Africans and can be seen along side 2/4 and 6/8 in many rhythms and beats derived from their culture. As such most other cultures don't use this concept. Indian music, often doesn't have a set rhythm as westerners know it but a pattern for their playing (if I remember my tabla playing correctly) Native Americans, at least those hailing from the south and west often had time keeping similar to 5/4 but could often change.
Same here. My uncle is a historian for the revolutionary period (both America and France) and Alexander Hamilton is his favorite. He originally taught me about Hamilton and the work he did for the country which made me like him too. Granted I really like the show and think the songs are great from a musicians standpoint, but people thinking I'm brainwashed sucks.
Ok, musician talk here. I'm a classical musician and I absolutely can't stand rap, however, Hamilton is not rap, a more accurate description is a combination of multiple styles of music. They have a waltz (farmer refuted), a more doo-wop style (what'd I miss) and powerful near A/Capella moments(who lives, who dies). Now to the rap portion, it isn't actually very much rap as just singing, they actually have melody and pitch, as well as a melodic line that will counter the music. My Shot which is one of the more touted "rap" songs is more of a spoken word song, which you actually see often in other genres than rap. Now, if you consider it rap still, think of the subject matter. This is historical stuff, which for me as a history buff excited me to actually se somewhat accurate history in a decent song no matter the style or genre.
Good luck with that one
The report is that he fired into the air, Burr wasn't looking, and Hamilton, having terrible wrists and aim ended up hitting the tree behind Burr. There is also documentation of the Hamiltons paying their house servants an actual wage, much like Washington did, and if they were slaves, they wouldn't be paid by their owners. I have a family member who is a historian with particular interest in Washington and Hamilton, he has pictures of the documents, however I can't get them to send, he's currently in a different country
"They may take our lives but they'll never take our schnitzel!"
Many colleges appreciate auditions with Xylo rags, it shows you have appreciation for older styles, have chops, and if you add improv to sections, shows you have those skills. One of my acquaintances recently played The Ragtime Robin by George Hamilton Green and was accepted to his course.
I want one so badly, just don't have a money for it now :(
It's time but it hurts, especially since my Highschool's hockey team uses the gardens as it's home ice.
This, also people seem to think I'm the time keeper of their lives just because I know my schedule and times...
Taking 30 minutes out of my day to work up a piece on marimba and just watch my progress as a solo player
One of the few websites not blocked back in highschool
When I was in the DCA drum corps in the city, we would actually sell skyline cans to fans when we went on tour.
Gut grenades Belly bombs Rectal rockets My uncle used to call having 10 of them at once a "Hiroshima"
Skyline/goldstar/any local joint- best acquired taste there is Graeters ice cream- nobody else can do French Pot ice cream on the scale they do Not fast food but Montgomery Inn Ribs Marion's Pizza- technically a Dayton thing Hit or miss but Larosa's pizza Cucinova- think Chipotle but Italian food, pizzas, pasta. Etc... Also not fast food but Bob Evans- breakfast like you wouldn't believe for a decently cheap price
When I dream of food I dream of Lou Malnati's
Congrats mate hope it goes well
Nice, I remember how happy I was when my nephew finally started accepting me when I tried to help him
Yeah, there really is. Cincinnati, my city, is staring to get some poutine but it's still really hard to find
I once had it on as background noise, and I remember an episode where they're being shown scenes from the original and getting excited, but then learn that they're a bad reboot
All I can think about are the differences between their version, percussion wise, and the Broadway show when I played it...
Akeno
Once she changes, Ami
But... But, agumon
I work on a farm, and I needed to cut open a stalk of corn to check on them. I'm handling this old rusty pocket knife because I forgot mine that day, and I promptly cut myself on the leaves of the cornstalk
I get that, personally I'm not his biggest fan but he is a damn good composer with a lot of different works so you won't remember the first piece you played by the last one
Inb4 Obama reads this and starts visiting random houses doing crosswords while naked after his term is over.
A lot of people just use a couple 2x4's with a door hinge connecting them. Source: am percussionist
Sorry, it's ingrained in me, but most of the time it's just my feet playing the hand parts inside my shoes
The general rule for our music is: swing and rock- 2 and 4 barring certain songs. Anything else- 1 and 3. As a musician the one and three gets kind of ingrained so I keep those two beats without thinking
It's also illegal to intoxicate a fish in Ohio
In my state the age of consent is technically 16, many high schoolers put that to good use
Surprisingly, I'm like the opposite of you musician stereotype wise. I'm a way too serious percussionist and I hate when people can get shit right after 20 tries. Oh, also I'm spoiled on really nice instruments... But I still have a shitty drum set to play!
To catch them is my real test, to train them is my cause.
He's more like Schrödinger's boy
I managed to make an ms dos emulator on Windows 10 and I have Oregon trail and zork to play on it
Pokemon! Gotta catch 'em all
No. I'm currently Catholic. To put it shortly, the term Holy Ghost was started being phased out for Holy Spirit in the 80's certain areas or groups still use ghost but everywhere you go in the Midwest they say spirit
Yes and no, it was being phased out in the 80's but t didn't gain prevalence until that decision was reached during Vatican II
(So true) our courage will pull us through. You'll teach me and I'll teach you. POKEMON!
Why would you use a screwdriver, wouldn't a drum let be easier... Oh I thought you said percussion maintenance
Every pair of dress socks I've had have been padded and have lasted longer than other socks (I'm really hard on footwear in general
I'm so happy there's one outside of Cincinnati
I always loved the emu war stuff. So when someone linked it after I first joined (different account back then) I had to sub
...You called?
John Keegan's Books in general are really good
I would suggest "His Time In Hell" for a telling of what daily life was like for a soldier, with a very good explanation of what shelling does to a soldiers psyche and how PTSD was prevalent in France.
I know top left is a tabla, otherwise I'm not 100% because of lighting and such Edit: tables are an ethnic Indian drum and and have a very interesting playing method
My mother makes her living off of Microsoft products and she buys everything there
They are definitely not where I live. Granted, I live somewhat near where they started
Now it's going to Burger King Source: got TH stock when they went to Wendy's now, getting BK stock.
Basically not having trimmed fingernails on your fingering hand actually damages your fingers making it hard to play in the long run. Also I feel this tip would help Bass players a bit more since the use the fingers on both hands
I keep two picks in my wallet just because it's useful
There are actually quite a few security features on the US passports, at least the new ones, just they are a little more hidden than the European ones.
The first rule is to never put your heel down when turning. The heel engages your ACL and if you twist with the ACL engaged, you'll tear it. Source: tore ACL playing soccer/football and had the best orthopedics surgeon in the Midwest do surgery (was graduate of my old HS)
Surprisingly I had hand trouble wth the smaller ones. I have massive hands (when spread thumb to pinky is over 12 inches) so the IPhone 6 is actually the perfect size for me. Like I get 0 cramps now when I couldn't use my phone with 1 hand before.
I drive two cars depending on the day. The minivan I drive keep the radio on for about a minute after turning off the car, unless you open one of the front doors. The other car I drive is a Prius, which when you turn it off shuts everything down. Both have their advantages but actually being able to keep music on after turning off the car is very nice. The advantage of the Prius is that I can keep it on without using has but meh.
Fair enough. But, on the particular vehicle I have, keeping the radio on actually helps the battery life by using any left over power in the system. Also, the increments are different. 1 is only low power systems(lights) 2 is for radio and fans and 3 is to start
Basically my cars systems are really weird in that a few cycles of power are still left even though the battery isnt doing shit. My mechanic uncle explained it to me but I don't know for sure
Yes, it tought my class that even though you may not agree with another side (especially discussing politics, where we had a debate over federalist issues during that period) you can at least respect them and see why they think that way, which lets you strengthen your argument
Lutherans and Catholics after Luther posted his points. The two sects didn't hate each other, they felt that each other just had problems in their ideology but could still exist amicably
When my brother was little, my uncle got him a really long and annoying toy for his birthday, got extra life batteries and super glued the compartment shut, because that's the type of person he is. Also my grandparents once gave him a blue accordion that eventually had holes in the diaphragm...
And now thousands of of drum corps fans hate you. As do I because do you know how expensive drum heads are; you must be a fucking millionaire!
Make sure you drill small holes on the ends of the crack so it doesn't spread, also it will let you put some screws in for a sizzle cymbal whenever you want
Yes definitely
For a rubber mallet, look into unwound Mike Balter R or B 13 mallets. They are the cores of their standard mallet, and work great as a hard marimba/soft Xylo mallet. It's a medium rubber mallet, and they are shaped for projection Edit: a word
I know last time I checked the my had an unwound version of their 13 mallet which was about a week ago. And unfortunately I do not know of their ultimate series. Also, for a hard marimba mallet their blue vibe mallets also work well, I think they are R 34. I've used them on a few occasions when I needed hard mallets Edit: the 13 cores are a little green rubber disc I guess Second edit: these are their unwound mallets. The 13 core is series 4 but there are some harder than that. http://www.mikebalter.com/unwound-series
I guess I third that one?
Ok good. Just remember that they are super hard and for a non solo/heavy piece, keep around a slightly softer pair
So, history loving percussionists with a pension for gps usage?
I'm rather surprised at this. Where in the US and UK did you study? Every place I've been and teacher I've had has been very committed to historical accuracy and telling the full story. We got both Bengal and the Bataan Death March which very few hear about in history class here.
The problem with your argument is that you are thinking of the Japanese from a western standpoint, who have a very short attention span and want to stop things when they get too deep. The Japanese however believed that their emperor could do no bad and would fight to the death, every man woman and child would fight. They were also disparate from the war itself and didn't see what was happening. The way to break that state of mind is to shatter their illusions of the war and to convince the people to stop their leader. At least that was the American thought process in that situation. It also was a very powerful fear tactic much like the German Blitz on England and especially London
According to interviews with the Japanese Generals, they said they knew the war was LOST after Guadalcanal, but it wasn't OVER. The Japanese still has tons of land that they had conquered, and if they could force the Americans to a homeland invasion the US may see it as too risky and allow Japan to keep their gains, at least that was the point of view for the Japanese.
It really surprised me when I learned that many places don't. I was always lucky that j had amazing history teachers throughout middle and highschool that taught the full story
Hello fellow devils advocate. The dropping of an atomic bomb was justified(although the second one being dropped only 3 days later was not at least without waiting for a response). The Japanese knew the war was lost after Guadalcanal, according to interviews with leading Japanese Generals post-war, and the only way to keep their gains from their conquests early on was to force a land invasion that the Americans would see as being too high of a cost and pull out allowing Japan to relish its new empire. This would mean a full scale invasion of the Japanese homelands far larger than Normandy, and the Americans would have no help from their allies. If I remember my numbers correctly, the Americans, if an invasion became necessary, planned on up to 500,000 soldiers to die just to secure a foothold in the islands. Then they would have to clear every single building and possibly every man woman and child to defeat the Japanese in a homeland invasion. This was the ultimate goal of the Japanese. Every citizen was willing to die for their emperor and if they could force the Americans to pull out of their invasion, then it would be seen as a victory for them. After the Trinity nuclear test, Robert Oppenheimer theorized that dropping a bomb on one of Japan's major cities could kill up to 300,000 People and convince Japan to surrender, a far cry from the half a million just to secure a beach head. As for why Hiroshima and Nagasaki were chosen, the Japanese people in general were safe from the war and theoretically could keep fighting in ignorance. So, a purely military target would mean nothing, and the war effort was spread throughout cities in order to keep bombing like Germany had faced to a minimum. The US had a list of cities they could bomb. The top 4 were: Tokyo, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, and Kyoto. Tokyo was taken off because without their leader, the Japanese people could not surrender. If a city were bombed it would force emperor Hirohito to decide if his entire nation was worth continuing to fight a clearly superior enemy(as one Japanese admiral put it). Also, think about the psychological effect it would have on the populace. In an instant a city just disappears, leaving smoking rubble and charred corpses. TLDR: it minimizes the losses while also bringing the war to reality for the Japanese populace so Hirohito had to decide whether his population was worth continuing to fight when the US could supposedly just keep dropping these bombs that could destroy an entire city. Well that was a lot longer than I meant to make...
Depends on where you are. I've always learned about those granted I've had some amazing history teachers.
The problem with the entirety of the political campaigns in the US is that people aren't being swayed or rallying behind a candidate. They are supporting them solely because they are the shiniest turd to them and the other candidates scare them more than the one they support
Amen to that. You go because you have the choice when so many went and didn't.
Not really. I grew up conservative, and don't see any of this. In fact my liberal friends were the most "America is great" Edit: the ideology that "America is great" is not the creation of one political side, I failed to state that in my comment. It is the amalgamation of years of being the superpower of the world post ww2, and even more time spent as the "new world's protector" with the Roosevelt Corollary.
Well currently Logging is probably the most dangerous profession in the US, I think last I saw about a 7% mortality rate though I may be wrong
My favorite teachers name is Dave Faller in Ohio, and he strove to teach us history as it was in the time it happened, and taught us to not look through rose or black colored glasses(as he put it) at history. He gave us chances to debate topics he gave us, and taught us how to properly discuss history without personal feelings getting involved. I made a large comment on whether the atomic bombs were justified that was essentially this is action. The rationales of Japan and the US were directly from his class while the rest was taught to me in how I present a historical opinion.
By correct history, which I agree was a poor choice of words, I meant we weren't taught a sensationalized account of what happened. We actually had a full year on WW2 alone, because it was an elective class i took with him. We started off with the Japanese conquests in the South Pacific in the 1930's then went to Germany in the same time period. Essentially the year went through by year how the war went. We did have an entire month of work on the resistances and Partisan units. So, I did learn a hell of a lot more about the war than the general student in America. We purposely didn't focus on America in this class because we know it, we get it all the time, and we wanted to learn about what the rest of the world did during the same time. I chose this class when I didn't have to so I could learn about the rest of the world during WW2.
I was trying to put it in terms that everyone could understand about the campaign in general
Yes, they knew the war was won but it was far from over(retread my previous Guadalcanal statement with interviews of Japanese leadership) The Japanese would rather commit suicide than surrender, as was proven in many battles, one such being Iwo Jima. The same was true for the homeland. Your comment also forgets to mention the land conquered by the Japanese that was still being occupied, which the British, Dutch, and French all controlled, and unless the war ended with Japanese surrender, according to the rules of war, they could keep their land. Your comment on the rationale for dropping the bomb is horribly naive. Even when it was dropped, Truman was the only person who could give the go ahead for it, and he was very apprehensive about doing it, but he did so because he though there was no other way to minimize the human death toll. The case you have mentioned between the Russian and Americans in Asia only is true for Korea. Russia and the US had already agreed that mainland Asia would be split between them while Japan itself would be defeated and then occupied by the US as the proceedings at the Yalta Conference decided. Upwards of a million people easily would have died in the case of a prolonged homeland invasion of Japan, compared to the atomic bombs, which killed around 100,000 people; This shows that they were in fact better for keeping people alive than an invasion by anyone would have, therefore disproving your point on solely having Japan as a forward base.
Fair enough, i don't dismiss anything you said, it's a fair point
Killing is definitely not ok, however the fact of the matter is that a land invasion was definitely a possibility and in fact was the most likely possibility. There are documents which I've seen, that show numbers and productions needs for a full scale invasion of Japan, along with detailed charts that show possible American attack methods. Also, talking with veterans and a man who served with Admiral Nimitz as an aide, they were fully expecting an invasion of Japan and were relieved when they received news that a nuclear weapon was going to be used first. Where are you getting your information that the US was not going to invade Japan? If you still believe that it was impossible, fine but please do not keep arguing the same point, which has been proven wrong multiple ways to me. You can't change someone's beliefs if they aren't willing.
Yeah, humbled as in being brought down to a lower level.
More just that generally if you get an American teacher they are generally ex-pats and their ties are different
Oh definitely, the general sentiment was horrid towards native Americans, we do know that the disease ridden blankets were a thing and were from surplus warehouses. I do agree with you on the intent point you made, I'm sorry I mislead you
Even worse if you're tall with broad shoulders. A Large shirt is too small for me in the shoulders but an XL is sometimes just like a fucking dress
On the opposite everyone thinks I'm older than I am which is the opposite of your issues
I'm outside this car being hit by someone going the other way...
Both
How about Beer, Football, and Cars/Autobahn
Remember every season the first 3 shows are very low, if I remember last year, the first 3 shows top scores were like 71
Standard Fender Squire J-bass
It looks like they're using elbow instead of wrist and it hurts my battery playing soul
Decently fit. Little out of shape, but I work on a farm so I get a regular work out. Most of the muscle is upper body.
Call band nerd shit in Texas... Your ass will be hanging from the observation tower on the practice field
It's like four hours to get out of Ohio going east from where I live
Psst you want some real good ice cream? Come try Cincinnati's Graeter's ice cream, it's the ice cream shop that has been called "the best ice cream in the world" and has Oprah Winfrey to back it up. our old people (who move down to Florida to retire) probably have some if you go talk to them. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graeter%27s
Cinci
You monster
Indeed I do, I can walk there without too much trouvle
I'll be damned they really do have the best stuff on earth
In certain areas the terms are used interchangeably.
However that is tone you are describing, which is just HOW something sound, not what it sounds (that is weird but technically fits)
Well another WW1 thing was that there was a massive influx of children without fathers in France. This is due to American soldiers being introduced in 1918 and the sex-starved women of the country loved it because there were no men from their own country to do the deed. For example my sophomore history teacher learned that he had 3 French uncles because of his grandfather in WW1.
Also lots of French-American babies with no fathers...
Yeah he has a terrible mouth I'll give you that
Liberty prine
"What are you gonna do, stab me?" -man stabbed 28 times
In my area people feel they need to police traffic, by keeping those who go above the limit, and those behind them, 5 below.
If you're dead set on going somewhere, Tom's driving school up in Liberty Township has the highest pass rate for the toughest locations in Ohio. Sharonville, which overall has around a 10% pass rate, was over 80% passing for Tom's. It also helps tom has been teaching for 20 something years.
Bipolar means to switch from being manic to being depressed in a relatively short period of time consistently.
Wow that's kind of sad. Granted at my highschool, when I was a freshman, nobody said any thanks except for my friend group, and slowly people started joining, and I think by my senior year everyone just though t was normal because everyone else did it too.
*taps 6 white mana, plays Planar Cleansing"
*laughs* "you said traps"
Luckily I'm friends with my local zoo, and the animals there, I may just chill with my penguin buddies
Eye stabbing...
Play song of storms and let lightning do the rest
Ah I see, going full Scot are we?*rips off clothes to reveal a kilt*
Hey man that's only slightly less powerful than an automatic shotgun
Shoot him out the window "whoops I hit Eleanor Roosevelt instead"
B-but we have to cleanse the planet
You sure mate?
With "flavored honey" unless it was added later, they usually put the plant that the pollen was mainly taken from. For example in my pantry i have some Orange Blossom Honey, which the bees took the pollen from the orange blossom.
If you can find it, look for Cannonballs. They're a gray or dark green water melon with an insanely high sugar content even compared to a normal melon. Basically the juice is so good that people save all they can and make Popsicles. The farm stand I work at gets them from Michigan
Well basically pineapple eats you as you eat them
Well, they were originally Japanese
When life gives you lemons through them back at life. Or, make soda and make the whole world wonder how the hell you did it
I currently work in a greenhouse, and we have snow pea plants for sale. Every once in a while I'll come by and take a few off the plants just to snack on.
Np Tim is a great guy and teaches a shit ton of stuff that's very useful, especially with laws and how to avoid certain things
Oh, that's disgusting
Somewhat, it was a joint effort between UoM and a Japanese scientist, if I'm remembering correctly he preferred to be botanist though, had a joint project. The reason I can tell you this is because the first cultivar was in Japan, the first that hear about was back in Minnesota
No, I had to deal with it for two years, life was hell. Especially since I had been around longer than him(basically I had been there for 5 years at that point thanks to my brother, and the BD was pretty much training me for leadership) and knew what to do/how to do it. He was lucky enough to be a very good player and only percussionist to apply everything on time for the position his sophomore year.
Yeah. It was 7% back in 2009, but people fail because of that first stop sign
I agree with you on those assholes, but I prefer to use football myself, but when j do so, I generally say American or European/everywhere else football
Hey Gary, hows asphodel?
The marine corps group plays at a number of shows through the season. Last year they were the first corps performance at DCI finals.
Wear it. You've earned it, and you're going to a performance where everyone appreciates all the corps even if they like one over another.
A lot of seafood is like that in general there. From my recent trip to Boston, I will say, look for smaller places especially in the West End. Their prices are generally cheaper and still have amazing food. For example one night my group went to get Italian, we decided to give this Sardinian place a try, and it had some of the best Italian I've had and for pretty damn cheap. I got this massive Veal Parm, was like heaven if it were fried and served with tomato sauce, and only cost me $22.
Seconded, even in cities in your country, look for the small, hole in the wall places. Generally they're good food for a pretty low price
Idk probably have a once-around with various ladies I know
Well, two baseball HoF players and a former Speaker of the house went to my highschool and came around rather often to say hi, as well as a number of college football coaches. Name one from 5 or so years ago, and yes I met them.
Did you go to my school, because that's apparently still a thing there, and that's the exact loophole they found
Charles Manson?
The masked marauder and sgt. Slaughter
R/getinthebagnebby
I played in it during a trip to Sydney for a music festival and it was absolutely amazing. They do hold tours of the place on specific days and it is really cool on the inside, looks nothing like you'd expect
It's probably because, like me, you're a fan of the romantic era.
Please don't talk about the freedom Star that way!
Remember the newly introduced ties are meant specifically for atmospheric use.
If I remember, I don't have it handy, but the expanded book on rogue one talks about on the page for the new tie
Question: do you play percussion and bass?
The new tie is the one with the angled wings, like one fin of the tie defender
What was your call sign back in the days. For some reason I feel like I remember you from then. I served aboard a number of vessels before finally being given my own to command just before our glorious emperor executed order 66
My grandmother, 3 of her siblings, two of my uncles and myself are all September births. My mother is early October and was born 2 weeks late so that's also possible.
Well, Christmas and New Years is essentially negligible of a difference since many people are a week or so either direction of the predicted date. I was two weeks late and born September 20. My dad told me they did the deed NYE. My brother was two weeks early, and his birthday is April 12. Edit: the doctors thought I would be early like me brother, that's why I was "two weeks late"
It was my phone deciding to change it to caps
Yes it does, however, it only means they aren't *required*. As our smart poster's wife would be the defendant, he isn't required to, and he doesn't need to as providing this evidence is testimony enough from him.
the drum libraries can be simpler depending on what sounds you want. I've got a friend who makes electronic music, and I'm a percussionist. I can make so many different sounds with my drums and cymbals and such, he doesn't bother with them
I play bass, and trust me it has cost less than 1/8 of what I've spent on percussion. Just the mallets and sticks I have alone cost me more than my basses, amp, and multiple cables.
I work in a greenhouse from February to August, and trust me at that scale plant care is very demanding. They need to be watered about every 30 minutes, and you have to keep moving them so they don't get too much or too little sun. granted im a special case
"Lookie here, we even got Spceballs: The brandy and Spaceballs: the vodka. Moichendising moichendising..." (Before anything gets said, it was made into an animated tv show for a while)
The only other place you really hear it is in southern Germany, specifically Bavaria. What's interesting is that the majority of our sizable german population is from Bavaria, where they may ask "Bitte?" If they didn't understand or hear something. I only heard it twice there, but I did hear it happen in Milwaukee.
That gets on my grandmother's nerves more than anything.
Don't pull the mask of that ole Lone Ranger too
Croatian*
We did...
Zildjian vs. Sabian (the founders were brothers too) Evans vs tama vs Remo vs Yamaha vs a bunch of others Musser vs Adams vs Yamaha vs Marimba One Black swamp vs Grover
I actually prefer ibanez
My family's trick for whatever container was to put a chopstick in the water so there's a boiling point for the water even in a plastic cup
The ones I have are around $40 but there some cheaper pairs (I think like $12 range) just search musicians ear plugs Also there are some you can get at Home Depot that are like three stacked cones that work well too
Yesterday I had it on because weaponology and top tens (the old one) were on all day
Trooper! How could you refer to Lord Vader without his proper title? That kind of thing could get you killed
Corn Hole is a staple in the Midwest. No tailgate would be complete without it
It's in Ohio as well, though I hate it
I'm from Cincy and that's how we tend to pronounce it too
That's what people ask me with german
Used to express degree of difference
Well shit. Somebody's gonna have go back and get a shit load of dimes
I'm from Ohio and I fucking love poutine
My last fender was a Malaysian made and it was actually extremely high quality for what it was
I honestly hate any sort of Texas chili on fries, but given I live where Greek chili rules (cincinnati) I'm a little biased
Skyline only exists in southwest Ohio and parts of Florida. It's just about the best Greek chili you can get.
it very different from texas chili. It's a fine grind of beef, and has some different flavors. It's spicy, but not hot. they actually put nutmeg and cinnamon (in very small amounts) into the spice mix, and this gives the chili a unique flavor. here it's served either on hotdogs with mild cheddar or spaghetti and the same cheese.
I don't have one, though there are many different versions A quick google search gave me the exact recipe used by skyline that was released the 70's. Don't mind the chocolate you won't even taste it https://www.google.com/amp/s/allrecipes.com/recipe/206953/authentic-cincinnati-chili/amp/?client=safari
Here's the thing, I bought the cheap bass so I could change parts around to make it what I want (though I haven't finished) it sounded honestly better than my first bass, which was same model but American made. I don't care about resale as this is a project for me and my nostalgia back from when I first started, but with better sound
For vibes look Into a solo called friendly little giant if you can find it.
I get a lot of comments on my hands, and sometimes it feel awkward. My hands are nearly a foot long when I stretch them, thumb to pinky, and there are a lot of lines in my palm.
My girlfriend currently has 2 of my sweaters, and she trades them out of every couple of weeks because they lose my smell, it's nice seeing her in my sweaters though
Apparently so
Not sure why, but yeah. I only bought it to modify it for nostalgia purposes since it's the same model as my first bass
Let's bring that 25' tall lava golem back here and have some fun *unzips pants*
Crosley field
Chlorine?
Please include me (or just go ahead and post to this subreddit for all to see)
Welcome to whose comrade is it anyway? The show where everything is read off of state provided cue cards and the points are shared among all.
Both had very short tempers, and had no safe way to take out frustrations other than to pass it my brother and I. My parents are currently divorcing, and my dad has apologized for his actions like this, but all my mom does is complain, and then get mad at me (since I'm around more than my brother as he has a family) whenever I interact with her. It makes me sad because it drives me away from her, and if I say anything she inevitably will play the victim like she has as long as I remember. It's led me to being more conscious about how I act and release my frustrations. Unfortunately with my mother, she may soon have to realize what she's doing if she wants to keep interaction with her sons, and her grandson.
Man I get that. My mom has fully admitted that my brother is her favorite. He's 4 years older than me but even then, of my dad didn't speak up for me, I wouldn't have gotten or have been allowed to do anything.
In the morning if I remember to I will
Personally, when I'm playing funk I personally prefer the independent control for each pickup, so I can adjust the exact sound I want where I play with my right hand. Other than specifically that, give me the blended
Right! Time for self defense against bright clowns. - but sir, what about self defense against night club shooters Nonsense!
No one expects the Russian Infiltration! Our chief weapon is surprise, surprise and beer! Wait, it's not beer, it's vodka? Oh well nevermind then
He was cutting their losses
December 1963 (oh what a night) is about losing your virginity to a hooker
In actuality, lightning strikes twice always, with the leads then the main upstroke bolt that we see
Yes that is true
During Christmas I still pick up trees, but I then give people money for them. Same with flowers in spring and produce in summer/fall
Hell, I'm a millennial, and a slightly right leaning moderate, I'm from an area that is very right leaning and I'm afraid of any political talk because people assume one of thing or another. I would love to be able to talk about politics without others getting too blustery
Never thought I'd see one of those on here
Nah the cool adults get into model wargaming. Not only do you get to create scenarios that are really fun and can have really cool outcome, you also get to purchase and paint models. In Highschool my us history teacher did it (and still does) seeing his awesome ww2 planes were one of the highlights
So my teacher from Freshman English is a YA author and apparently he has quite a few adult fans of his books.
I'm from Ohio and i haven't heard of anything like that
Probably from one of us old dogs. I actually served under lord Vader during that terrible war. I was one of the few non clone bridge officers and eventually I was given my own ship, which continues to this day
Man Hiroshima is cool, even during war,
Ac 3 is the only game I haven't played in the series, and I just got a new computer, since my old toaster couldn't run any kind of game without dying. I've also been really wanting to get it but I'm low on money and i just got rid of my Xbox 360 so I can't borrow it from a friend
I respectfully disagree with your assessment of syndicate
This. Right here. I love the history, I love the faithful recreations and I love the fact that there's an overlying story tying them together. Personally I really liked syndicate, though most hate on it. London was very well recreated in the game and the world just felt so nice. Sure people may not have liked the story all that much (though I did) but it is just one part of the games and there's much more to them so to each their own
AC syndicate was bad. I respectfully disagree
I really wouldn't mind going 7-5 and working through lunch So four 10's
Honey, where's my pierogi? I'm cant Polish without my damn pierogi.
R/totallynotrobots ?
I've been a concert percussionist many years more than I've played bass, yet I can sight read 1000x better on bass than any percussion instrument
When I use a pick use here fingers
Screw off I love a three way and a coney from skyline. Besides that's only one part of the state
It could very well be, as being a great musician like that could be an effect of savant syndrome
I was in tenth grade, in geometry on the opposite side of the floor when we all could hear "you two are lazy sacks of shit, you do fuck all in school, and you will never amount to anything". There was more but I don't remember it My friend was in his class(junior world history) and he said these two guys that were never there and just screwed around with the teacher walked in halfway through class and made a joke about him. Next door to his room was the Latin teacher who had actually brought his young son to school that day, and he ended up walking his son out of the school and he just went home. We still affectionally call this event the N-bomb or Naumann bomb.
It may very well be that you are sticking to the defined strategies too much. Good wrestlers can read what their opponents to and counter i.e.: sprawl. Back when I wrestled, that was why I was even remotely decent, I could read and I didn't follow the normal patterns. I had poor technique, but pretty good upper body strength with lowish speed and not so great lower body strength. I won because my opponents couldn't read what I was doing while I could read them. My go to method was to double leg take down, but so much what you're taught. I pretty much pulled their legs from under them, and sometimes they'd lose their breath, and I could quickly get on them and start working a half Nelson. Those were literally the only two moves I ever perfected in my time.
Let's all just take a moment to thank Mr Waterson for his work and for making a difference in our lives
r/osha
One of the huge non-denominational churches (crossroads church) has a super bowl weekend service they do like 8 times Saturday and Sunday each. Between each thing while the crowd gathered but the doors hadn't opened, they would have us ply along to 7 nation army, and then play drum cheers and cadence and such for about 30 minutes. We got tons of recognition and some money. The best part was that we got free food(it was awesome), got to hang around for like 3 hours between performances, and play video games/cards or whatever else we wanted.
Dvorák was Czech not English you fool
1812 is pretty good, but have you head Marche Slave or Dvorák's 9th symphony?
Paging u/fuckswithducks
Being a percussionist and having so many different instruments and methods of playing. Give me playing any instrument please.
An army being two
According to Nazi purity laws he technically was. His grandmother was a Jew
Upvote for Schadenfreude
I know that was sort of the point but whatveer
Ah thank you I am here
Without. Shit gets annyoing
To put it bluntly, feeling pain is what your brain is focused on. That's why if say your foot hurts and someone punches your face, your foot no longer hurts. This same concept is why pain hurts worse at night and in the morning. Your brain isn't focused on anything but the pain therefore it hurts more.
Anyone think of ole master sifo dyas?
Spicy memeballs*
Blues are good but for some instruments/solos they're very hard. Susan Powell, percussion head at OSU (rag expert) suggests a pair of blues and either orange or yellows (yellows are softer)
I had the chance to talk with Bill Cahn, and he said that the three mallets he would suggest are the Becker blues, oranges, and a medium hard rubber mallet. He told me that the the solos with a bit of space, or are slower (the whistler, valse brilliante) do. better with a ploppier sound that the rubber gets you. His third comment was that if you could only get one, either get the blues or the next one down
That was one my favorite things I learned in high school german class. We had an exchange student who came over and ended up asking if we used it since he was used to it
There was a pad at my school (old as hell) where all seniors would draw something on it or sign their name, when I was there it had been there for around 20 years. The way it all stayed was either using ballpoint pen or sharpie, everything else wore off
With percussion everyone seems to want to play rudiments or show off their snare skill. I'll just be over here kicking your ass at timpani and showing off my xylo skills
Fuck those guys. I don't even play drumset that often, and when I do I'm a pocket drummer in the realist sense, but I get lots of compliments for it. Eh, I'll stick to kicking ass at keyboard instruments.
I get that same vibe at times from r/bass I don't care about your instrument, I have fun playing my bass and I sound decent, and I'm probably more skilled than most of you, can you even read music?
Man, I live in cincinnati but I'm from Dayton, I wish they'd have a Trader Joe's closer than 30 minutes away
I forget who it is but there another cast iron company that operates out of Tennessee I think (good eats talked about them) and their cast iron is frat and made in America whereas lodge is chins
Amen. Still, a good cast iron skillet can't be beat
Are you my old algebra teacher, he said the same thing freshman year to my class when we asked him about cross country running in college
The side with the black bit goes down
Congrats mate, in hoping to do that fairly soon, and then I have to be accepted into the business program for my double major
I'm a percussionist as my main instrument but i also play bass and sing
Any Bethesda game ever. Bioshock series
Oboe not flute....
I know, I just like to make fun of my bengals because *sobs* we're so bad
The ships are cruisers of the now retired Venator class
Ah thank you, it appears my age is beginning to show. I served on a venator class under one of the wretched Jedi during that time and I've repressed many of those memories
Thank you very much sir, I believe I will do so once our troops have finished physicals in the med ward
Line someone responding...? Cue someone...
It's where they built and tested the SR-71
Fuck, I'm in cincy and we say whatever the hell we want for the name of soft drinks
Yes, but people will use pop, soda, soft drink, coke, and the like. I myself tend to switch between soda and pop
Hey, thanks for doing this. Just out of curiosity, if you're able to say, what sorts of projects are you guys working on? Any area of the business. The only reason I ask is because my mother is an outlook admin and told me something about upcoming projects though they're not related to what interests me in CB's sphere
Kinda off topic, but I just finished a research project. Women have an advantage in school. Up until college, women teachers way out number males. Also, teachers teach towards their learning style, which happens to be directed towards one gender, and it explains why there are more women enrolled and graduating from college.
Monoxide
People are so nice to me at the symphony, and I honestly would go more if I could because I'm a musician but I don't have the money to consistently go
The pieces that helped me get into classical (and helped me find what genre of orchestral music I like, romantic period btw) were Holst's "The Planets" especially mvmts 1 and 4, Mussorgsky's "Pictures at an exhibition", Tchaikovskys "Marche Slave" and the end of "1812 Overture" and at the top of my list is Dvorák's "New World Symphony" mvmt 4 For myself I find Mozart boring and Bach is too baroque for me, it's all just about finding what you like. I prefer the Russian composers and Dvorak who's Czech.
Fuck that. I hate heights and falling, so delirium and drop zone are a no go. My tried and trues are the old Indiana jones one, too gun, beast, and of course the Viking ship.
Amen. Personally I dislike vortex, but the old ones are always the best
Same here, and I feel that's generally the consensus of cincinnatians
On cool charts there's a birthday density chart by months
Apologies, r/coolguides, and I think it was one of the top posts
www.existentialcomics.com Funny comics about philosophers (Marx and Ayn Rand are the best) www.nationstates.net Fun game where you can create your country and run it and participate with other groups. Max Berry (author) created it
My school has been letting me borrow a custom Ibanez with the 505 as it's base, since my bass is currently undergoing some repairs and modification(not my fault). It's been nothing but amazing and it's extremely versatile. I've recently mainly been playing funk and jazz, but I've also been using it for metal and other styles.
You may not be the man whose sperm they come from but, if you have been there for them, and have raised them, you are their father. One of my friends had a hard time when he learned this about his father. But he agreed with me now that is father is the man who raised him.
Your English is great (honestly most Germans' English is good) my Deutsch is pretty rusty, it's been 5 years since I've used it, would Polenfeldzug and westfeldzug be the eastern and western fronts? On a side note in Highschool I took a year long course studying WW2 and I probably know more about it still than I need to.
We heard a lot about them, granted it was a dedicated ww2 class with a bunch of first hand sources
Fucking hell can i get that please? I'd kill to own a keyboard so I can practice. A cheap, decent marimba is still multiple thousands of dollars
I slept for 30 hours straight one time when I had a fever, I felt so fucked up afterward but at least I wasn't sick anymore and I lost a pound or two
Not necessarily, you can teach yourself to relax (I learned from marching band). The hardest part is teaching yourself to let your shoulders down. You take a deep breath, then relax your shoulders and then you lower them till they're hanging.
I'll take the money since I force myself to get enough sleep.
So fresh, it's amazing
Platinum was a continuation of the original pattern of releasing a third, similar game which included extra content. This was combined with this new pattern which has been occurring for over half the franchise. Note that I never said sequel in my post, I merely mentioned they were second games within the generation as in "not a remake". This pattern also makes sense because it would ensure that games are always available to be remade, which if you remember around the time of ORAS, there was speculation of whether gamefreak would run out of games to remake.
Yes indeed.
If you're looking for graduated sets or like a set of 6 interchangeable ones, I suggest Amy Putnam. I've been using a single set for 2 years regularly playing and they have a great sound on top of it. The most versatile ones are probably the medium/medium hard ones (I use the greens) for a set of 4 graduated mallets, I spent $75. Personally, best mallets I've ever owned
I suggest to my drummers that they do sit ups every day and planks to build their cores and lower backs, it's seems to work. There's drummers below 5'6" and are into that can care our heaviest drums no problem.
This just in: u/AgentZen is the proletariat We are all u/AgentZen on this day
My username will never get to be relevant 😔
Fuck off mate, there plenty of shit to do. You need to explore. I'm from Dayton, now live in Cincinnati and I still go back up there because there's stuff to do. Especially going to the National Museum of the US Air Force. It's better than the Smithsonian.
There's an RV dealership in my city named "Tom Raper RV's" Yes it sounds exactly how it should.
A swimmer at a Highschool in my area committed suicide close to three years ago who had lots of friends and people who know him from around the area of my state. This quote it sent out and spread all across the part of my state I'm in, every year on the anniversary. I know for a fact that it's helped the lives of a few people close to me. My alma mater's valedictorian this last year said that finding this quote lodged in his car handle on the one year anniversary helped him change his life around. This is a quote that really means a lot to me
Considering Egypt has Apophis, the giant snake representing chaos, I feel that it is likely a hallucination (which the Egyptians had drugs for as well)
Depends, some nations did use rams.
I tend to go from '06 on but there are exceptions from the rule. I just personally prefer the current art styles
Library's do the same, I always have to #2
I also have weird shaped ears but for me, earasers ($40) are the best thing for me. I can actually still hear talking , they just reduce the loudest sounds
Earasers. They aren't custom but for $40 they fit my wonky ears nicely, and I can even hear normal conversations with them. They reduce sounds over a threshold so you can hear softer stuff with them. I know a few well known singers in my local area who swear by them.
As someone who plays both bass and Percussion, it shouldn't be necessary, but then again I'm a more responsible percussionist, especially since I like the repair/tuning side. If you do get a drum key, look for a High Tension Key. They have a longer bar and get better torque and are more versatile (I've used mine for self defense before) than a normal one. They're also generally straight up steel
Yet somehow play rough still hits every time
So what you're saying is that an ice cream company who is consistently considered one of the best in the country is boring? 1. Part of the appeal is the draw for older styles and techniques, nostalgia sells. 2. Who else has any goddamn black raspberry chip or buckeye ice cream consistently?
I was a bass player in 8th grade and you'll do fine. The top things I suggest are to try and bring home your drum, and practice the mechanics behind playing/practice, USE YOUR FEET AND COUNtT, and to work with other people. Pure dedication and practice gets you way further than natural skill
Generally xylos are used sparingly (1 or 2) for large lines because they cut through everything else on the field but the sound they produce generally doesn't travel distances as well. When I used to March DCA our front line had 3 marimbas, 2 vibes, a xylo/glock, and a rack.
Idk about that, I use the t similar to brass knuckles and some of the actual key sticks past my knuckles to get more impact. The only time I've really used it was when some probably drunk guy started getting a little to close and kept wanting to say crap to me.
My freshman English teacher from HS is a fairly well known YA author and still one of the coolest and most chill guys I've met. He also plays DND with other teacher there apparently
No, he's not one of the super huge authors but still fairly known enough that one time I ran into him in Kentucky and we were chatting and walking around and people stopped him filet regularly. Also alumni of my Hs are Ken Griffey Jr, and john Boehner
One of my English teachers is descended from Cotton Mather and would work it into his lessons since he taught American lit
Subscribe! Also did you know that March composer Henry Fillmore wrote a piece for an instrument he created, the klaxophone, called "the klaxophone: March of the automobiles" specifically for an auto show?
Marimbas ARE NOT tables
What's yours and Kats favorite 3 places in the world?
I just sent it to mine(she has self image issues) and I explained to her that I don't care what you look like even though you're beautiful looking, your being is radiant and beautiful and is the greatest thing in the universe
Any sort of rags are often used. For recent auditions, I've played The Whistler, Dill Pickles, An Indian Story and Xylophonia. All four show good playing of different styles(Indian), tempos(Whistler, xylophonia) and dynamics(all)
I still park poorly sometimes, and I fix it just because I hate being "that guy"
About 12 minutes into the game i commented tk my buddy that the crowd seems nervous compared to normal, and then a few minutes later the commentators said something similar. I think it was a justified comment because it was a scary first half.
I think it was just his accent
I admit it was very strong but many English accents have a light "tch" sound when saying t, the same is true with many Germans
I just love the little tingle the salt in the air gives your nose, and just how fresh everything smells and then the sand and ugh
I've worked at a large firewood provider, the best smelling woods to burned (all should be seasoned 6 months at least) are ash, maple, apple, and hickory We'd have a wood stove burning during winter (also have a greenhouse/produce/sell Christmas trees, and I'd make sure it was always stocked because I could go home smelling like pine and wood smoke. Made work awesome
Savory is classified as a taste too. Also, almost all extracts are bitter tasting because of the solvent and other compounds they draw out that are volatile. For example, if you eat a mint leaf, it tastes minty and a tiny bit sweet, whereas mint extract is extremely bitter, though these also have to do with the concentrations.
Any seasoned wood is great, but I'm partial to ash and apple. What j would do, sometimes is throw a bit of apple clippings or pine needles to get a fruitier smell (we sold apples in fall and early tree season) The biggest thing to make sure it's seasoned long enough. I don't know exactly the chemistry behind it but you want it to look dark brown, even grayish, and for it to be very dry. The smells of fully seasoned wood vs partially or even fresh woods is immense and the season is what people think of in fall.
Unfortunately I have flat feet, and the only major brand that has arches in some of their heels is Nike, also, I'm very hard on shoes and socks, and they're the only brand I've found that doesn't fall apart after 6 months. I've had my current pair (with inserts) for over a year.
Kirkland brand ibuprofen is my lifesaver
I get that, but since my dress code doesn't really allow for them a lot, I don't wear my athletic shoes a hell of a lot. I spend more time in my different sperrys which I do replace twice a year
