Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days. In the winter it takes longer.
Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years. It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally. In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density. This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home. Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary. Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight. The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes. This after they eek out everything they could from weight training. What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting. Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight. I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) . Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47. He had a wife and two little girls. He also had his first heart attack at 33. We both work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much. I don't want to join my friend.
GO TO CLASS! schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype. We have lots of talented tech people in the US. What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers. But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while). In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused. The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development. No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM. We'll see if I'm right.
Wasn't there some parent out in the burbs somewhere that bought a house across the street from his kids school so his kid would have a place to park his car?
Give me a break. You can't get 60% of the population to vote, do you really think they will revolt.
You have a lot of balls in the air. First regarding the gym. Check out the linear progression program (there are several) it starts easy but you progress every time you you lift (for a beginner this can last for months). Spend a little money and get a trainer to show you how to properly execute the lifts, I know they look simple but there is some technique involved. The nice thing about lifting is the increased muscle mass will burn more calories so even if your diet is messed up you will go in the right direction. Cardio, try to walk and hour a day even if it's broken into 15 minutes segments it's a plus. You know to skip/cut back on beer, but hey you are in Germany -drink in moderation. Finish your damn dissertation! Exercise has been shown to improve motivation and concentration -use the boost you'll get to get you over the finish line with the PHD. As far as the job, I understand completely I have the same type of job. Of my 10 co-workers 5 have had heart attacks in the last 3 years and two have died. My motivation is I don't want to join them, let that sink in because you sound like you are on the same path. Good luck, don't start off too hard DOMS sucks and remember it will feel easier in a few weeks I promise.
If you are in support remember you are really in customer service, just like a waiter in a restaurant. Be nice, be respectful and do your best. Don't be a dick. Grow a thick skin you will be called an asshole by everyone. One last thing there are many ways to do something and your way is one of them. Don't ever say, "the last guy didn't know what he was doing", that is an amerature move, just say "This is interesting". You reputation will go a long way so protect it. One last thing, long ago I was told my biggest problem is I make things look too easy. Don't do this, if they expect something to take a week and you can do it in an hour, take a 4 days to let them know you are do. If it look easy even if it isn't people won't value it.
I work at a huge IT company so I work with a lot of older 50s/60s engineers and these guys are a breed of their own. I think the biggest thing is that they really like to tinker (break/screw around with) everything. They like to take stuff apart and god help us if the read about something somewhere because they will try it out. Same goes for my uncle PHD in aeronautical engineering, he's in his 80's but he's always tinkering with something, it could be anything from his home network to wrenching on cars to improving manufacturing processes (yeah he still works because he likes it)
Never trust your manager. Don't get me wrong I've been friendly and have friends that were my manager but when it comes to work do not trust them with your livelihood. It's very simple, once you get past the idealism of your 20's you realize you have a family to support (if only you), bills to pay and a house to keep over your head, when push comes to shove who do you choose you/your family or your boss/friend. I can answer that question from the bosses side, he will choose him and his family -you need to do the same.
Well stripping the family of their wealth is stupid but it begs the question what is the intent of the sentence. If it is to rehabilitate him back into society, the the punishment should probably be an anger management class and maybe AA. If the sentence is meant to punish him so he doesn't do something stupid like this again then the fine should be high enough to cause some pain and the public service should be working with/for peasants long enough that he learns either respect for all people or the ability to keep his mouth shut.
I agree about the jail time, the people would end up picking up the tab, he'd be released as soon as he was booked (seems to happen to every rich person in LA) or he'd go to a private country club prison where he'd work on he tan and tennis game. In this case I believe the sentence is meant to be punishment and to this little asshole any amount of community service is probably punishment. My hope is that they give him the "worst/hardest" community service they can find, not picking up garbage on the side of the road with the DUI convicts. Maybe working with the extremely poor and sick, this kid needs a reality check and maybe this sentence will be it.
but..but...but....the free market says that Uber is priced perfectly right now, not too high not too low. If they raise their rates won't they lose money?
People also tend to forget that the 90% tax bracket applied to only a few people in the country probably less than 100. If it were to be put back into place it probably wouldn't kick in until you were making in the 100's of millions. I really wouldn't feel to bad about somebody making that kind of money paying higher taxes.
and if you believe in the free market that's good because you give the opportunity for somebody else to make the money you don't want.
that would be Whiting, Hammond is paradise.
I'm in the tech field (20+ years), I'm hoping to squeeze out another 12-15 years. It's a moving target, you will always be learning something new trying to remain relevant. There is a lot of automation going on and so many IT departments are being collapsed into "the cloud" the job market will get tighter. There seems to be a lot of work in development but a lot of that work is BS companies trying to be the next whatsapp. I suggest dental school.
While I do agree about the wage stagnation I do think there is another problem. Regarding the millennials, I don't think they have value other people's work. What I mean is everything to them is about the lowest price and free is better. They don't buy music they steal it, they do not value the musicians work or the work of all the people involved in it's production and the same goes for all types of media, if it's not free it will be stolen. Same goes for all this "sharing economy" non-sense. No need for hotels or cab drivers or owning cars - just use them as needed. They are screwing themselves and they don't know or don't care.
with the ACA you are no longer bound to your employer. Before if you had a pre-existing condition and you left your company you'd be SOL, that isn't the case now. I'd love single payer, a quicker solution might be to add medicare to the unemployment insurance package and screw Cobra.
I get it, I really do I worked for minimum wage, give or take a dollar will I was 26. But companies like Amazon and Uber are killing the job market and the few pennies you save could help create jobs (your job). These companies are not about spreading the wealth so to speak, it's a known fact Uber doesn't want employees and Amazon, unless you are at the top, doesn't pay there people shit and work the crap out of them. In my mind it's penny wise and pound foolish. In my mind you need to keep your money local and buy from brick and mortars.
There are pluses and minuses to being an owner occupied building. Depending on where you live you may have more discretion on who you rent an apartment to and you have some other legal advantages. As others have said you keep a better eye on the place when you live on premises. There is the issue about people knowing you are the owner, I don't find this a problem as the building is small and I have good renters but with larger properties I just tell people I'm the manager (I tell them the owner lives in Florida). Run the numbers and open a second bank account strictly for the building and the rental units, don't try to deduct your new stove and granite countertop it's not a business expense. Finally remember that owning a rental is a long term play and as long as you are paying the bills you are making money.
Yes it's easy to blame you "damn kids", I think the difference is that it's been normalized now where I still have "buy American" beaten into my head and Walmart really did a number on small town america.
I think you need to be a little sport specific. I'm a middle-distance/long sprinter and my training is very different than how a football player would train, everything I do is in a straight line (I'd probably blow out a knee if I made a hard cut). You on the other hand are probably looking to be quick and agile on the field/court. Try doing 20-40m sprints, walk back and do it again for 20 minutes three times a week. You could also add running patterns. The idea is to go as hard as you can until you start getting sloppy or feel pain. Workouts should total out to ~500m to start and as you get into better shape increase it to maybe 1000m. Remember you are looking for multiple short bursts of speed not to run a 5m mile so don't get caught up in running too damn far (if you ever sprint over 120m ask yourself why). BTW, nothing wrong with warming up with a 1/2-1 mile run and the same goes for a cool down.
I have a similar background, this would be a great workout for a soccer(football) mid-fielder. A mid-fielder has to be quick and agile but they also run their asses off so having endurance is important.
You can do it all it's just harder to get there. In your case, if you are not running a little distance you probably want to add it - nothing special maybe just 3 miles 3-4 times a week. After your run do your sprint drills. Be careful doing hard cuts (I won't talk about getting older) you may not be strong enough yet and you could really screw yourself up if you cut too hard too soon. I don't consider this specifics first as you've already done your time in the weight room and I assume you still have athletic ability since you played in college.
Some parts are good, but I really don't like union busting. Finally don't give me a freaking rebate just pay down the damn debt, when all the bills are aid then we can talk rebate.
Willmett made the list and Robbins didn't....wow this knucklehead doesn't get out much.
another problem is that people buy into the "American Dream" and what I mean by that is a big house in the burbs and two nice cars and a pool table and a cool bar in the basement and a fishing boat and on and on and on. People by furniture by the week! People pay 50K for a truck! People think that a 3500sf house is too small for a family of 4. It's all a game to get you to spend more than all your money and most people fall for it hook, line and sinker. I felt deprived in my 20's because all the other techies I knew were driving cool cars and wearing nice watches (I spent my early 20's really poor so I couldn't be a spender and nobody would give me a CC anyway). Now I look back and laugh at those guys because despite making good money for a long time most of them don't have much to show for it.
I don't understand why the NG/LP stove would be so difficult, same sensor and a solenoid, seems pretty straight forward and more universal (for HW heaters &amp; furnaces)
If I could have picked up my lovely 1878 Beverly Victorian and plopped it down somewhere on the northside I could have sold it for an easy $1MM, instead I was really happy to get $375K....location, location, location. And speaking of Hyde Park, I know someone who picked up one of the mansions on 57th and Woodlawn for about 200K back in the 80's, god knows what it would go for now.
I did that for about a year, I worked the door and bartended depending on the night. It was a good gig as I'd put a few hundred in my pocket every week so I never needed to take money out for spending money. After a while it gets rough on the body, working a full day and then working till 2-3AM and then getting up the next morning to go to work. Second service jobs don't believe in taking vacations so while my day job was cool with me going to Mexico for a week, the bar job bitches and moaned about it. BTW, there is plenty of time to gt a hangover between 2:00am and when you actually leave.
because running unopposed is not democracy.
I thought I was a fighter until I spent a couple of weeks in Thailand. I'm 6'3" 200ish and I was getting my ass handed to me by these little Thai guys who couldn't have weighed more than 130. Now I'm older and I don't want to fight anyone, even if you win it hurts too much.
Not sure where you are located but I'm guessing the US. Chances are it will only be an hour so it will most likely go like this. Warm-up, instruction (how to throw a punch/kick), practice instruction, light sparring, pad work, heavy bag, ab work/cool down. If you are in Thailand start with a 3-4 mile run, then do everything as above but for 2-3 hours.
Andersonville. Rent, 2000 for a 3/1 in a OO two flat. Utils, ~100 for NG and Elec. Food (eating in) ~400 for two. Closest El: Bryn Mawr 10min. This is a great area and I think it's improving in many ways. It's not a young vibe here like other areas of the city, this is more of the 30 and older crowd but there are lots of things to do and places to eat. It's also in close proximity to the lake/bike/running path which in my book is a really big deal. To be blunt Clark Street is a little expensive (with a few exceptions) everything's description starts with "upscale" which is nice some times but other times I really want a cheap beer and a good burger. Broadway, on the other hand is where I can find said beer and burger, it's just not as nice as Clark St but it's improving every day and I hardly recognise it from 20 years ago when it was pretty much a waste land. My only complaint is that it is getting popular with the stroller brigade so we are seeing the McMansions popping up and children showing up in bars. I don't so much hate the McMansions as it's just a sign the area is getting pricey.
Hasn't this been settled by the SC? The president is given wide latitude on how he runs the executive branch and any EO must be within the current law (by the executive's interpretation). For example regarding illegal aliens, the executive has a limited budget and has chosen to focus it's power/money on deporting criminal instead of children, it's a policy decision similar to a city choosing to write speeding tickets instead of parking tickets. If however the Congress doesn't like the executives policy decision (EO) they can pass a law changing it.
Say what you will, Rachel Maddow ,while I think her show is pretty boring 80% of the time, sometimes does really good news for example the Flint water issue. I would also mention that she constantly clarifies/makes on air corrections if something she said was wrong, you don't see that very much anymore even on stations where practically every other word is a lie.
of course, it's "fine" as long as the guy on my team is doing it. I do wonder if with the new tone of congress, where every bill is filibustered and gridlock is the norm, we'll see more EOs simply because they will be necessary.
Is there anyone who isn't "pro-life"....other than possibly suicidal people. How about anti-choice vs pro-choice.
Because the legislative branch can't won't pass any laws. Anything and everything Obama does via EO could be outlawed by the legislative branch (Congress). They haven't tried to or can't pass the bills. The only bills that seem to actually make it out of the Senate are bills to repeal the ACA (Obamacare) and the president doesn't seem to want to sign it. The current congress is trying to play "my way or the highway" and it doesn't work that way. It has always been about compromise and the Republicans can't pass ANYTHING without help from the Democrats so they must compromise but they don't want to do that.
and after the compromise they still wouldn't vote for it.
I don't believe Congress has given him wartime powers. I don't believe we are at war, could you please show me where congress declared war. (not trying to be shitty but I don't see how Obama or any president can have wartime powers without a war)
Are you the guy with the Kepi?
All the things you've listed will die over time. If you maintain your home you can make things last longer. In addition a lot of home repair is pretty simple and if you have the time to figure out the problem you can save a lot of money. Finally, some things cost you money by keeping them, old furnaces/boilers, old refrigerators, old hotwater heaters and old AC units are highly inefficient and upgrades pay for themselves in a few years. Most upgrades like windows or refinishing a kitchen/bath add zero value to your home unless you intend on selling quickly, you do them because you want it Lastly, homeownership probably won't save you any money unless you live there for over 10 years (average is 7). Once all the maintenance costs and insurance and closing and moving are figured into the equation it's usually a wash
It's probably close to EOL, even if it isn't consider replacing it as the operational costs are very high and you can recoup your money in a few years.
Not necessarily true. Home buyers tend to lean on their realtor for advice and part of that advice is a good home inspector. Sure they will find things that need to be looked at but they want the realtor to continue to recommend them and the realtor wants to sell the property. The last thing a realtor wants is a deal squashed by a bad home inspection.
It's pronounced "pill hill" and it was call that because a lot of doctors lived in the area. Last I checked it was just a middle class neighborhood on the south side.
don't forget the stolen roads and sidewalks. Might want to import some polluted air from China so you can breath some free market air and enjoy you maggot fill uninspected beef.....it's like arguing with a 6 year old.
The US has really bad taste when they install dictators, it has alway come back to bite us in the ass.
If a cheeseburger gets the nod I will vote for said cheeseburger before I'd vote for any of the three potential Republican candidates.
AirBnB is big business not a kids lemonade stand. This is just the cost of doing business, ask Marriott or Hilton if they have all sorts of hoops to jump through to keep their doors open. The fact that Airbnb is passing those costs on to their subcontractors is AirBnb's not the city of Chicago.
Doc was a stickler back in the day, only the special athletes could stray. Indiana coaches are a whole were very old school, you didn't see long hair or stashes until the mid-90's after they all retired.
I lived downtown, right off of New York street and there were plenty of shootings. BTW, I just check the [statistics] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)) and Indy had more crime er capita than Chicago in every single catagory and 50% more violent crime so they can go to hell. And your city is ugly.
It has money because it is a welfare state. Indiana like so many of the high and mighty fiscal states gets lots of money from other [states](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)). Illinois on the other hand loses money (I'll give you a hint where it goes INDIANA). And let's not forget the moochers who commute in every day from NWI to earn their living, drive on our roads and use our services but contribute nothing to keeping the machine moving forward. Edit:fixed link
Downvote me because you are living off the hard work of other states...sounds like a moocher
have things changed since I got my novice in 1980, I couldn't afford a rig back then so I kinda gave it up.
When you figure out your dates could you please post them here?
my Dad was at the first game at Lambeau field,said he scalped a ticket for $3.
I had friends working there that day, one was in one the internal gardens, he said the building shook. I was there the day the opened up the airways, it was still smoking. It was kinda crazy coming in from the shopping mall, you couldn't get in without 2 IDs (my boss used his Gocart drivers license). That whole parking lot was empty except for the HumVees, the biological sniffers and of course the McDonalds truck. All the security guys were all freaked out and carrying mp5s (fingers on triggers), they were old and jittery - my buddy who was a bit of a gun nut kept trying to get a better look at their weapons and they kept getting more nervous and kept telling him to step away. I was happy we got in without being shot. It's very different now. Edit -MP5 not MP3 ...it was a long day
PAY YOUR FREAKING CHILD SUPPORT!!!!! These are your kids, you are not screwing over your Ex you are screwing over your children.
Pretty soon she'll be firing a whole lot of people (Campaign staff), another thing she learned at HP. In this case however, she will not be right shoring them with campaign staff from India.
Surfers live for small craft warnings. this is not news.
I owned a apartment building that was affordable housing, Cook County doubled my property tax and my insurance was raised 80% in one year. When we went to court we were told to raise the rents to cover the costs. You can't have it both ways.
As a landlord I would. Water damage is pretty serious and can cost thousands of dollars to repair. I would assume that if my tenant called because their toilet was broken and I said I would have someone over to fix it ASAP (I'd probably follow up with an email) that notice had been given. Good luck in court, you will likely lose.
They probably assumed that you calling them and they saying that they would fix it was notice. Plumbing is something you don't dick around with and your LL is pretty stupid letting any plumbing issue go unfixed. That being said your request got put on the the fix list and was handled in order. I personally leave a business card so you know I was in your unit, but that's me. I don't see dates but again I assume your LL felt your discussion was notice (since you called), probably not handled well but that's pretty common with large operations.
I worked for the IPO of 2001 and at one time they owed me over 20K in expense reimbursement. It was the same deal, I was told I needed to be somewhere Monday (I think it was Thursday) and I told them as soon as they paid me my money I'd be glad to go...that shit got straightened out quickly however..... I was sitting on over 1MM in options that I couldn't sell for a year (Started in June). In this time they worked the living shit out of me leaving Mondays @ 5:00am and getting home Fridays @ 11:00pm -my live in GF at the time was ready to throw me out. Any way I couldn't quit with so much money on the line. Come spring time the stock takes a dump and goes from $150+ to under $2, now I don't give a shit but I'd like to have a job. Did I mention I had three layer of management above me with no reports, this explains why they were working the shit out of me, I had to support three expensive employees with my labor. Anyway, I had been on the road for 10+ months and I was getting tired and I didn't have an assignment so I was hoping to be home the up coming week. As per usual I turned off my phone at 5:00pm, that way I didn't have to answer any bullshit calls over the weekend (of get sent somewhere). Monday morning I turn on my phone and one of my bosses left me a cheery message about how I needed to go to Detroit and get a corporate apartment because I'd be living there for the next 3-6 months. I decided fuck it, I'm done. I call the voice mail boss and get no answer, I call his boss -no answer and then I called level 3 boss - no answer. Fuck it, I guess I'm going into the office today anyway. I spend the next hour wiping my computer, so I could return it in the same way I received it. I hopped in the car and drove to the office. The bunny at the front desk asked if she could help me, I told her I doubt it and asked for my two lower level bosses -she squeaked something about them being out. I said fine , explained that I was an employee and asked if she had a pair of scissors. She gives me the scissors and I proceed to cut up my company credit card in front of her. I then reach into my bag and give her my laptop and phone. By now she's a little freaked out and way past her pay grade and runs off to find someone. Another manager comes trucking down the hall yelling stop. I knew the guy (didn't like him) so I waited. He gave me some bullshit line about how important I was to the company and what did he need to do to make me stay -answer nothing. I'm out the door. Later that day all three managers called my on my home phone and asked if they were the reason I left, I told everyone of them yes they were. Here's the weird twist, I quit on Monday and on Friday they laid off 1/3 of the company, I have no idea why they'd want me to stay.
I loved Seville and Granada. I was there in early December and I didn't need a jacket. Both had some cool bars. The food in both cities was great, lots of things to see. Obviously Barcelona is a great town and there are some cool day trips, but I thought Seville and Granada had a cooler vibe. The only place I went to in Portugal was Lisbon and while I enjoyed it I liked Spain better, I want to give it another shot because it seems like a cool country and I didn't see much.
That was always his reputation even as a state legislator, he played everything pretty much right down the middle. In my opinion I think he did the same as a senator as well as a president (much to my disappointment) I worked with Michelle at the law firm where she met Barak, she was pretty cool we both lived in the same neighborhood so we knew each other casually (I'd get a hello on the street and 1-2 minutes of chit chat at the office). I met him a few times and he was nice and really sharp/ quick witted. Years later long after I moved out of Hyde Park, he shows up on my porch asking for my vote and he remembered me (somewhat). I also got a hello by name from Michelle at the last rally before the 2008 election -again considering I hadn't talked to either of them in a decade I was surprised/impressed.
You don't have to love your job, but you do have to pay the rent
I remember coming out of HS swim practice and my hair freezing during the walk from the building to my car. I remember pulling icicles off my head while I was waiting for my car to heat up.
That and it doesn't help that 50 cents on the dollar ends up elsewhere. Federally our tax dollars are given to the welfare states like Indiana and pretty much the entire south. On a state level the money from Chicago and the collar counties goes to pave the roads south of I-80. If Illinois/Chicago (+collar counties) didn't have to pay for other states/counties we're be in a very good fiscal position.
I guess "paying enough in taxes" is a matter of perspective. We don't collect enough taxes to balance the budget so from that perspective we don't pay enough in taxes. I could say that because we have a huge problem with childhood starvation, poverty and veteran issues that we need more money to fund those programs, so we need more taxes. On the other hand, nothing was more painful as a poor person to have ~10% of your check removed for FED/FICA -yes you get some of it back but it doesn't help when you need to pay the rent. If you look at tax burdens over the years the biggest change you will see is that workers are paying more as a percentage and corporations are paying much less -maybe that's where we need to adjust taxes.
The city wants brink and mortar businesses, they rent/buy space in the city and pay property tax. They also hire people to work in the business. They draw people to physically come to said store and hopefully spur people to spend more money at the many other brick and mortar stores in the city. A cloud company, with the exception of their offices, tends not not buy/rent much property the find the cheapest space in the most centralized location and set up shop. The people they hire are limited and usually low wage. There is no upsell, you order something and it is delivered to your door and that's that. Like it or not cloud businesses are not good for the job market/the city and as the small data centers collapse into the few giants there will be less work. I think by imposing a tax on the cloud companies the city is trying to give the cities brick and mortars a fighting chance.
Well I guess it's good business. A 250K house's taxes are somewhere between 3-4K, so the city makes it back in 3 years. There should be a clause that it is a loan for the first 5 year then the loan if forgiven in full, that way it encourages longer term ownership.
going up 5%, first time in two years. 3B/1B -Andersonville
You would think that but what has happened and why some people are pissed is that the landing pattern has changed so people who bought a house not in the flight path are now in the flight path.
Check out La Scarola on Grand and Halsted.
People forget that about our social safety net, but reducing it it hampers entrepreneurship. The fact that Obama care eliminated the pre-existing condition issue allows worker to actually be able to leave one job for another, how is that a bad thing?
we call that Iowa nice.
Donald....is that you?
Please don't forget the Supreme Court, two possibly 3 justices will retire in the next 8 years. Do you want another Alito or Thomas? Ruling of the SC and appointments to the SC are long lasting and will affect your life a lot more than not electing the less shitty candidate. It's really time to grow up and accept the fact that sometimes you may have to get something shitty to get something good or in this case accept something shitty to avoid something really bad. Finally, if you think your vote doesn't matter tell that to Al Gore and the thousands of troops that have died in Iraq, if 500 more people had voted for Al Gore Bush 2 would never have been president and we would have never gone to Iraq.
You may not like her, but compare her policies to that of the other side and decide which you would prefer. If you are a Bernie supporter then the decision is simple.
I was out on a ride when a truck full of rednecks passed me, the SOB slowed down so his kids could throw rocks at me from the truck bed.
Well until cars pay for the roads in their entirety we just have to share.
I hate ti say it but just need to suck it up til you get your next job. Being that you have IT experience, consider looking for a contract gig, there a lots of head hunter who could probably place you pretty quick. The gig could put you on the path to a job at the contract or just hold you over till you find something better. I've been in your position twice and the first time I walked away from the job and the second I stuck it out. As shitty as it was sticking it out was a hell of alot easier than squeezing pennies. Last thing since you are leaving, don't kill yourself just put yourself on auto pilot until you can leave.
Let me add another story in the same vein. A good friend of mine, a good gun toting, government hating, Texan went to work for another wiz bang start-up. He had a wife and two girls under 10. One night he was drinking beer in his garage with his friend and his drunk friend fell on him and broke his foot. No problem he goes to the hospital and gets a cast. Like most guys in IT he was carrying a few extra pounds, well over the course of 6 months after breaking his foot he loses 60 pound -yea him what a good turn out to a bad situation! Fall comes and he has a stomach ache that just won't go away, like a lot of people he doesn't go to the DR unless he really has to, so he goes to the DR, bad new, that stomach ache is stage 4 colon cancer. Call your company and tell them you have to quit because you will never work again. My friend calls work and quits but COBRA's on to his health insurance. Three days later he goes in for surgery and then spends the next 20+ days in a coma. Thank god for COBRA. But here is wear it gets hairy, the startup is running out of money and will probably go out of business. If the start-up goes out of business the COBRA insurance goes away. So here is my friend with a mountain of DR bills and more coming in every day and it's a race to see who will die first his start-up or him. Luckily for his family he died first and didn't put his family in the poor house. This is a guy who did everything right money wise but that really doesn't matter when things go wrong. Single payer would have eliminated all this bullshit and I just don't get why we don't at least have that option.
It was different back then most of the big companies had picked up and moved to the suburbs. I lived in the city and spent 1-2h driving to work because that's where the jobs were. Companies wanted space for their campus, a building was no longer good enough and the boomers a moved away from the city because they had kids and that is what you did when you had kids. Now the companies are dumping the campuses and moving into the city again because the Mills don't have cars and it's easier to get to.
What are you looking for in a gym?
I'm not that familiar with East Side, even though I grew up in the area and my neighbor was from there, I honestly always thought it was just part of Hammond. I'm guessing it's like a lot of tight neighborhoods that are nice and safe but not a whole lot going on. There hasn't been anything exciting in Hegewisch since the record store closed
This is no big deal, we've seen lots of candidates who have lost continue on including Hillary. Hillary has already [signaled](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/05/23/466942/Hillary-Clinton-Bernie-Sanders) they are ready to play ball with Sanders and I am sure that there are all sorts of negotiations going on behind the scenes right now. Bernie has no reason to drop out now as every delegate he wins increases his power at the convention. Everyone just needs to chill until the primaries are over an the nomination is settled. Once the nomination is settled everyone will fall in line, assuming Hillary wins you will see a huge full court press from the Obamas, the Bidens, the Clintons and the Sanders all stumping for Hillary. Bernie ran as a democrat not as an independent because he didn't want to be a spoiler and I don't think that has changed, I'm sure Bernie knows how important this election is to the movement and will do whatever is necessary to keep Trump out of office. I can't say the same about some of his supporters.
Sure, my brother lived in Whiting for a while so I understand the appeal. I think he paid 85K for a place two blocks from the lake. Unfortunately was some big cancer clusters in the area due to all the industry so as nice as it was it wasn't a place to have a family. I do miss the barter system though, a case of beer went a long way.
I wish I ha been as adventurous as you and did the overseas thing I just stuck around and did low wage, hard work kind of jobs during the day and bar-tending at night. In the end those shitty jobs helped me out, I'm not afraid of busting my ass and I can talk to anyone. My father refused to retire, he was a college administrator and when he retired from that he picked up 8 classes a semester split between 3 schools on top of being an alderman and doing all sorts of volunteer work. He did that till he died, I don't think he would have known what to do with himself if he wasn't working all the time.
It was real easy for Obama to lob bombs at Clinton about Iraq as he was sitting in the Illinois Senate at the time and didn't have to vote. Having had Obama as my rep for many years I'm pretty confident he would voted for the war just like Hillary and most of the other chicken shit Dems. (To clarify I am a Democrat)
And the mentally ill
Hi I do work in the background, the way background (storage). Helpdesk my not be the only entry level job in IT but I believe it is probably the best entry level job. First you deal with a broad range of issue anything from help with a word document to fixing a printer queue. It also teaches you two of the most important work skills for any job, customer service and communication. For the most part all IT is customer service, if you can't keep the end user happy it really doesn't matter what's going on on the back end. Second if you cannot effectively communicate with your customer/coworkers you will not go very far. You say you have trouble communicating on the phone, I get this I really hate hate hate hate hate the phone. That being said I am currently on a 5 hour phone call. It is something you really need to deal with as you will be spending a good deal of your time in meetings and on the phone, a lot of big shops you spend as much time in meetings as you do actually working and a lot of it is on the phone. Lastly a lot of work today is remote so everything is done on the phone. Get good at being on the phone it will help.
is that why over 60,000 workers from Indiana work in Chicagoland? BTW 11K from Illinois work in the region. Nobody takes into consideration that Chicagoland and Illinois as a whole is a cash cow for the majority of the US even though we are only 19th in income we are one of the top five "maker states" so the vast majority of our federal tax dollars go to support other states (I'm looking at you Indiana who get $1.20 for every dollar they put in). If Illinois simply got what they put in in federal tax dollar we could pay our entire state budget and have money left over. So instead of making fun of our problem you should simply say thank you, especially you Indiana - you should say thanks for the good paying union jobs your governor took away but we fight to keep despite what our governor wants.
Dry up, blow away and turn into a bad version of Iowa. I'm all for it.
2 of our 3 governors in jail are Republican....should we add the pervert Speaker of the House to the list (also Republican)
I think it may already be in the works. DWS is on the outs and Warren is loved by the left (think Bernie supporters) and raises a lot of money. I think by making her head of the DNC it will make a lot of the Bernie progressives happy (and Bernie) and leaves her in the Senate where she can do the most good. While I think she's great I think it would be a hell of a waste to make her VP and have her spend the next 8 years standing behind Hillary, nodding and clapping. I think she has already has been told and she's stepping up, it's just a matter of time before DWS steps down and Obama appoints her, the question is will it be before or after the convention.
By that logic, since we ae all going to die we might as well jump off a bridge right now. If I can keep people in my country for ten more years I don't see why we shouldn't. I'd rather my neighbor have a job than I would saving $0.03 on a pair of socks.
Isn't it funny how the Republicans have pretty much said no one every bill Obama has supported but the TPP they support (it's the D's that are opposing the bill)
I think she's slightly more liberal policy wise but more hawkish on the security end.
But Hillary is a horse trader of the highest degree, she got SoS and the full DNC support in 2016, she's ready to play ball and Obama will play along with her -so will the rest of the democratic establishment.
This is the right answer. Ms USA is a beauty pageant while Ms America is a scholarship pageant. I believe that Ms America also has a talent portion where Ms USA does not. I knew a girl in college who was in the Ms America pipeline and as she described it, Ms America is for pretty girls who need to pay for grad school and Ms USA is for girls who look good in a bikini.
he was Mathew Modine's side kick Cooch - the guy with the mohawk.
Wasn't that one of the issues? Didn't Quinn want to keep the state income tax at 5% and Rahuner wanted to let it reset? I agree we need to pay our bills and that means higher taxes. I'd prefer a proportional state tax but I don't think it could get passed. Also as someone who lives in the city I would think something like a city/county tax in lieu of rasing the state tax (so every county would have a 1.5% tax instead of raising the state income tax) the result would be the same amount of money but it would stay local and that is good for the city.
Well can we agree that the "mess" is due to kicking the can down the road? If we had paid our bills in the 90's we wouldn't be in such a mess. I'm not a fan of union busting and that is what he wants. On the other hand we have to do something about the pension issue but due to the Ill SC rulings I'm not sure what can be done.
I've always thought the same thing, this is the first time I seen anyone else mention Hawaii 78.
Always say "I'm poor" even if you are really rich. I go with, If I had all your money I'd give away mine...in other words none of your business.
it's the same bullshit about how you spend your money. I get shit from my co-workers all the time because I like to travel. I get "It must be nice....blah blah blah". The thing is, we make the same amount of money, we just spend it differently. A lot of them have new cars and buy all sorts of toys, I share a used car with my wife and my gym membership ($300/year) is really as crazy as I get. I just don't really need/want anything, cars and toys just don't blow my hair back and what I want costs a shit ton of money so it's just not going to happen. So I spend my money to travel, but even that I do frugally using airline miles and hotel points, I can go to Thailand for a month for what many spend in a few days at Disney World. I don't understand the animosity because you make different choices.
I stand corrected.
That's simply not the case. Productivity has nothing to do with pay. If that buger flipper can do the work of 2 flipper, flipper A doesn't get double his old pay -flipper B just gets fired and flipper A is expected to make up the difference. This has been going on since the [70's](http://www.epi.org/productivity-pay-gap/)
How about the day nobody can afford a cheese burger because there are no jobs? It won't matter if we are a global economy or a local economy, if 99 out of 100 people don't work nobody will be buying anything and that's 80+% of our economy. Good jobs are a good thing Henry Ford figured that out and nothing has changed.
who's going to buy your stuff when everything is automated?
So as a swimmer you know not to swim in the fast lane unless you are fast and if I tap you on the feet, wait till I pass you at the end. This is just common lap swim courtesy, I don't care if you are a granny doing a 4:00m length or Mark Spitz. One of my pools doesn't put in lane lines so it's a free for all and people get hurt (I got my head cut open by someone with hand paddles, it wasn't intentional but it still hurt). Everyone just needs to chill out a little bit, if it's that important join the masters.
This is proper lap swim etiquette to tap a slower swimmer on the foot to let you know they want to pass. The proper response is to finish your length and then wait for them to pass. As long as this is done nobody usually has a problem, swimmers are used to sharing a lane with a lot of people and as long as everyone is on the same page it works fine. The problems happen when the lanes are marked slow to fast and a slow swimmer hops into the last land because they don't want to share, it's like driving 40KPH on the autobahn there is going to an accident. If you are tapped and you don't get out of the way you will get tapped again (I personally tickle their feet-really annoying) and again and again. The last step in the process is they will grab your ankles and pull you-sending you backwards and under them -it's aggressive but you will see it from time to time. If you do pull the ankles you will probably have a fight on your hands or at least some yelling. That being said if you aren't following the rules don't be surprised.
there is a lot of touching in lap swim, just not the way you think. It's better that I touch you on the feet to let you know I'm passing you than having our heads collide or me smacking you in the face./kick you in the head/face/body when I'm passing you. Touching someone on the feet in lap swim is the equivalent of saying excuse me. Grabbing someone by the ankles and pulling is the equivalent of saying get the fuck out of my way.
I've always felt that park need to accommodate the community, there are a lot of community oriented programs at my park that I have no interest in but it works. In this case if they have a large hasidic community where the sexes don't mix, it makes sense to have separate sex hours.
Right now Bernie represents about 40% of the Democratic party and Hillary cannot win without him so he has a ton of power. The problem I see with Bernie is that he doesn't know what he wants, other than the nomination. He has a huge group of engaged supporter and really good fund raising but he needs to accept he's not going to win and if he wants the "movement" to continue he has to do something to facilitate the continuation of the movement. And yes, the DNC and Hillary will need to appease he somewhat becuase it is better than the alternative -which is him working against them.
I could see allowing people over 55 to buy into Medicare and people on unemployment automatically receive Medicade, that would be a big step forward.
I'm hoping we are not seeing another OFA. Obama, like Bernie had a lot of excited people that wanted to do things to make our country better but as soon as Obama got in office there was no pivot and all those people were left wondering what to do. If Bernie really wants a movement he needs to keep these people engaged and start pushing the progressive agenda from the bottom up.
see, now we can hold hands and sing kumbaya (as a 60's liberal I'm sure Bernie knows all the words)
Me too, I live across the street from a school. I can't wait to be 90, crazy, standing on my front lawn shaking my cane (4-pronger with tennis balls) and yelling during pickup and drop off. I'll consider it my twice a day workout.
I would think that a corporation would not be allowed to give to a PAC, McDonalds isn't a live person so they can't donate. McDonalds CEO can donate up to the legal amount, that would work for me. I know it's a difficult needle to thread so that our 1st amendment rights are not stepped on but I don't believe a corporation should have the same rights as a live person.
Lifting the cane could be considered weight training.
sure but at a couple of cents to what you pay for unemployment to the mix and you you get coverage if you got laid off. While COBRA is nice it's expensive especially when you don't have a job. It would be a nice add to the safety net.
I understand that, but it's one of Bernie's talking points and we have seen cases bought to the court with the intent of taking the case to the SC.
I understand this but the question is what does Bernie want and this is one of his big talking points. Justices sympathetic to overturning CU is part of the battle and then someone will need to fight the battles in the courts like they did with DOMA.
It's that the beauty of folk music.
sure but the question was, what does Bernie want...and that's top 5 on his list.
It was be a bad choice, I like Bernie but he is no legal scholar. I think nominating Obama would make the Republicans collective heads explode, but he's too conservative for my liking.
never said that, just popular....kinda like DOMA, wasn't right but at the time it was popular. Although I don't think money equates to speech.
but apparently it does have full freedom of speech and last I checked something without a brain cannot communicate. Corporations get all sorts of protections that live people don't get, because of this they should also lose certain rights that live people have, in my opinion we should be able to curtail their speech under the law.
Isn't that the beauty of folk music.
Really, I remember long ago as a state delegate debating the planks of our platform and there were a lot of things that wouldn't pass and "didn't matter". The point of a platform is to define what we stand for as much as what we will actually do. Shit if we only had stuff that wasn't controversial and we knew we could pass the congress the Democratic platform would have consisted solely of renaming post offices.
Yep we have a lot of snowbirds who winter in Florida and summer here, they claim Florida as their residence because of taxes but they still live here the majority of the year.
At least at HP you could have a career, even during the dark days of Czarly and Hurd they were always hiring engineers and once in nobody left.
Only larger cities have decent train/bus systems, many small to mid-sized towns don't much public transportation available so people drive. I live in a major city with very good public transportation for the US but depending on where you live it can take hours to get somewhere it could take 20 minutes to drive- for example if I want to go to the airport I can take the bus and it will take 60-70 minutes or I can drive and it will take 20-25 minutes. In addition about 50% of our population don't live in cities so they have to drive, they could bike but it's impractical especially in areas where we have bad weather like snow and cold. Finally it's part of our culture, we love our cars.
The day I started they laid off 15K and then I didn't hear from my boss for 2 weeks, I was sure I was fired and they just forgot they hired me.
True, but lets be honest, no NRA member was going to vote for "that gun grabber" Hilary anyway. So the NRA's endorsement isn't worth a whole lot.
the problem I see with a lot of the Bernie or Bust crowd is that they would rather lose completely and win partially. Bernie has driven Hillary to the left, gets to influence the platform and will get some concessions when he backs Hillary. All these things are wins for the progressive movement not to mention the possibility of 1-3 more liberal SC justices if and only if Hillary wins. If Trump wins all of that is down the tubes and all there is to look forward to is 1-3 lunatic SC justices that will outlaw Obama care and make any real progress stop for the next 30 years.
I'm good with keeping the movement going if it's not a cult of personality, Bernie isn't going to be running again. If they organize and start running candidates like the tea party did I think it would be good for the party. I hate to say it but maybe it's because they are younger and they still expect things to happen over night. They forget the fight is long and never over.
Why, it's already been announced on [the hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/presidential-campaign/281459-why-wasserman-schultz-must-go). She's been in the job for over 5 years, which is a long time so it's not a big deal. By leaving and appointing someone like Warren it would be a good tactical move for the Dems to retain/attract the Bernie crowd.
time will tell.
It is my understanding that while Chicago supplies 20% of all state funds CPS only receives 15% of all state funding. That extra 5% would go a long way in paying some bills. Edit: [Link](http://cps.edu/News/Press_releases/Pages/PR1_11_17_2015.aspx)
[Here](http://priceonomics.com/bookings-at-trump-hotels-plummet/)
Doesn't it just boil down to time to reload? There's a big difference between 8 shots and then a reload vs 100 shots and a reload. Yes, I do know that for an experienced shooter it doesn't make much of a difference but from what we have seen with the mass shootings is that these people are not good shots they just have lots of ammo. As far as the AWB, it was and still is a lot about cosmetics and frankly a .22 in the wrong hands is just as deadly as a AK47.
Whitman was also a Marine sharpshooter, most of these knuckleheads don't have any training and fire indiscriminately. I understand your point in that nothing will stop a truly motivated individual and that is true but we still lock our doors and have alarm systems to slow down less skilled/motivated people from getting into our homes. I also understand that as a law abiding person it shouldn't matter if you own a Glock with a 10 round mag or a 30 round mag. On the other hand if it saves a few lives I don't see how your liberties are trampled on if you have to reload more often.
Exactly and don't forget if you kid gets into a good public school in the city you are ahead and more importantly once your kids are out of school you no longer have to pay the high suburban taxes.
I'd also put some of the blame on us, nobody was jumping up and down 20 years ago demanding that our taxes be increased. We all sat on the sidelines and smiled because we got to kick the can down the road. Well, we have to pay the bill sometime, it should have been 20 years ago but it wasn't.
How does being the "bigger person" benefit us or anyone else? Does it make you feel better that the Republicans get another SC justice with leaning closer to them than the Democratic president who nominated him? Obama tried to play nice, he has been trying to play nice for 8 years and it has been met with a resounding Fuck you! I personally think that Clinton should nominate the farthest left qualified person for the job. Why? Because there are no lefties on the court, there are several far right justices and a few centrist justices but no lefties. Would that be fair?
Which brings up another point people hate. Buying a home is Chicago is too damn expensive. Not a fucking chance. Sure if you want to live in Lincoln Park or Logans Square prepare to pay for the privilege. But there are lots and lots of places that are reasonably priced even on the north side but especially on the south side. You can buy fixers for under 100K that would run you 700K on the north side. The reason people don't is because the area is "scary". The reality is 40 years ago Lincoln Park was scary and 20 years ago Uptown was a really bad place to live. If you have the testicular fortitude move into the "scary" neighborhood, chances are you will find out it's not that scary. Finally even discounting the "scary" areas on the south side there are lots of nice places, not particularly exciting but nice middle class neighborhoods where you can get a home for a reasonable price, some areas are black, some brown and some are even white.
it's really gone downhill since they remodeled. Try Monty's just off Lawrence and California-ish
it was down voted because there are so many Chicagoan's on this board that moved here right after college, will get married here have 1.5 kids and then run home to which every fucking satellite state they are from (Michigan, Iowa, Indiana and Wisconsin) and then tell all their friends on the cul de sac about how they lived in Chicago. Honestly they are long term tourists, they know in their hearts they won't live here long and will move back to their small town/burb as soon as "what about the schools" becomes part of their vocabulary. They should just embrace it and ditch the I live in the city attitude. We won't miss them when they leave because as soon as one leaves another doe eyed kid from Cedar Rapids replaces them.
Make it 100K per violation with multipliers if they are caught more than once. Instead of using ICE, make a deal with local law enforcement to split the fines between ICE and the city. You would see the problem disappear in a matter of months.
Seems a little tame after [this](http://listoftheday.blogspot.com/2008/09/craigslist-ad-of-day-hot-tub.html)
and it works great.
Reconsider living in Lincoln park, it's really expensive, you can live a lot of other places that are less expensive. You can live pretty well if you have a roommate or two. If you can avoid having a car you will save a ton of money and as long as you live along the EL you won't need a car.
That's kind of interesting as white Americans tend to associate themselves with their heritage more than most. Ask anyone with some relative from Ireland, they won't stop talking about the motherland and how they are 100% Irish, same goes for a lot of other heritages, Italian for example. You hardly ever hear someone in the US when asked their nationality respond with American.
it's both.
There is alway a certain percentage of the party that won't vote for their candidate. In 2008 it was about 8% of the D's wouldn't vote for Obama and 10% of the R's wouldn't vote for McCain. This isn't news.
The majority of places in the US aren't like SF and NYC, but even in the expensive places there are reasonably priced places to live. It took about 30 seconds to find a [reasonably priced apartment in NYC](http://www.trulia.com/rental/3220904848-5624-Riverdale-Ave-1-Bronx-NY-10471). Sure it's not downtown but it's in a decent area. The problem with so many people bitching about their rent is they refuse to look outside of their desired areas. The fact of the matter is if you want to live in a hip cool area with all the amenities expect to pay for them. As a renter you have the freedom to live where ever you want, exercise that freedom if you feel you are paying too much for that rent.
You can live very cheaply in Chicago if you don't live in the "cool" neighborhood. You can easily get a 2BR apartment under 1K in a decent area. So, assuming you make $12/h you can afford to live here. Get a roommate it's even easier.
I live in one of the best areas of Chicago. My mortgage is under 2K and it's a house not a condo.
not when the dog tears up your wood floors (10K), chews on the corners and the baseboards (5K) and slobbers all over (1K in paint). And that's just a dog being a dog, if they scratch at the doors when they need to go for a walk expect another $500 to replace the door. It adds up quickly and just because you have a judgement doesn't mean you get paid. Good luck, being a LL isn't easy.
How about having a 3% increase in the employer for wages over 200K. So the employer pays 6.2% till the wage hits $200K then it increases to 10%, but the workers contribution stays at 6.2%.
There are many good areas to live, some expensive others less. I'd suggest living on the north side and as close to the lake as you can afford. A lot of the up and coming areas are farther west and few on the south side. It really depends on where you will work and how you like to play. Logan Square is the super popular area right now, I don't really care for it but if you like the hipster vibe that is the place for you. If you want to spend a little money check out Lincoln PArk/Lake view. If you want to spend a little less, check out Edgewater/Andersonville/Uptown. If you want to spend even less check out Rogers Park....these are all along the lake and but the EL.
Manhattan is usually referred to as downtown.....for people from Manhattan they tend to call downtown the WallStreet area. So says my lovely bride from NYC. Edit: I stand corrected Manhattan is referred to as "the city"
Depending on where you live it's a great deal, if you live in Iowa it's not a good deal at all. As they say location location location.
Most people in NYC have roommates and in a 2BR as many as 4 people would live there. so $500 a month isn't too bad considering minimum wage is $15 an hour.
It's kind of sad with the R's in Iowa. I remember when Chuck Grassley got elected for the Senate. I didn't agree with him but he was for the most part a straight shooter. Now he's a raving loon screaming about death panels. Throw in Joni Ernst and you have two loony toons. I knew the place was going down hill when they were trying to come up with a motto to put on the license plate. It came down to two; a state of minds, because we had a great educational system or The Tall corn state, because we grow corn. You can guess which one won.
For the most part this is a good thing. the last thing some poor plumber needs is to have his pension converted to some shitty annuity and the broker gets a big fat commission check for screwing his client over. On the other hand fiduciaries charge more so if you are doing something simple your FA can't just sell you something. Most people will not have this problem.
So the quick math to value a rental is rent X 180, so it's close to a wash. The issue with this and any rental is maintaining the rental, it's not a passive investment. If you are not up to the task of being a landlord you should sell, it's just not worth the trouble. Lastly, on the money side, you will get to deprecate the property over the next 15-30 years so there is a tax advantage. Don't forget that you will lose 5-6% of the sales price just by selling
AND Chicago has a separate pension fund that only Chicago pays into while the rest of the state has another fund that the entire state pays into including Chicago. So Chicago pays twice.
You would have to talk to your accountant but here a [link](http://homeguides.sfgate.com/calculate-depreciation-rental-properties-7940.html) to give you an idea. It doesn't matter how old the property is, as you are the new owner. Finally the rentX180 was one of the methods the bank used when they appraised some of my buildings.
It took less than a year in my case. The tree was cut down in the fall and replaced a couple of weeks ago. I'd say just wait, it's kind of late to plant now anyway you'll want to wait till fall anyway.
The LL is under no obligation to renew your lease, they don't need a reason.
wow you are lucky and you LL isn't too bright.
Actually it would be the opposite. A lot of people continue to work for health insurance. Be allowing people to buy into medicare it would increase the pool of younger healthier people and make the plan stronger. It's not a free ride.
Here's the thing they may be working now but they won't be working at 70. Seventy seems to be the age where shit catches up with you and you can't keep up as well as you used to, especially guys in the trades the body just can't take much more. People that work in thinking jobs can go a lot longer but life does catch up with them. You might be sharp as a tac but it doesn't matter when you have trouble hearing, seeing and walking.
Yes, I've worked some great old dudes and I've learned a lot from them but you are correct because they have so much seniority it screws life up for the younger guys. I want to stick around till 65 but then I'm getting out of the way. Hopefully I'll spend the last 3-5 years just being a mentor for the young guys.
yep. Illinois farmers are for the most part Republican. The urban areas (Chicago) vote Democratic and the rest of the state leans Republican, it's just that Chicago is so big compared to the rest of the state that it appears Illinois is all blue.
As a LL I have to tell you what you consider "making it nicer" I might consider damage. I know it sucks and people want to make their apartment a home but so many times what a tenant considers an improvement is something I'm going to have to pay to fix. Be careful with what you do if you don't want to lose your deposit/get sued.
I hate guys like that, they give good LLs a bad reputation, I get pissed when my tenants don't tell me something is broken. It's unfortunate that you have such a shitty LL.
LBW is expensive, it's $30 for two drinks -but I hear their burgers are damn good. If the OP is going to come this far north he should do it right and close the Oasis, grab a six pack and then go watch the sun rise at Pratt beach. Cap the evening off with a crummy diner breakfast. If that doesn't impress nothing will.
I got 10% off paying in cash, so in my case I saved $400.
It's more than just the unemployment rate, Florida pay is really low even for skilled tradesmen. A plumber making $45/h up north might make $15-20/h in Florida. The unions are weak if they even exist. Employers in Florida don't seem to have any respect for their employees and treat them pretty poorly. The OP should call or go down to the local union halls and ask them about their apprentice programs. The OP will likely have to put his name on a list and possibly take a test.
Yep the last place I bought was like that. The owner inherited it from his brother and just used it as a piggy bank. I don't think he had made a repair in years and he hadn't washed a window or swept a floor in years. I understand not wanting to spend money but keeping the place clean is free. Unfortunately, the tenants made "improvements" because the LL sure as shit wasn't going to make any. Because of that I had to spend a few thousand dollars undoing what they did wrong (all sorts of bad plumbing that caused a lot of water damage). It took about 5 months to get everything the way it should be, now it's a really nice place that I'm proud about...but it sure didn't start out that way.
This is the answer, building owners are getting a tax break to let the property sit empty while they wait and hope for a national chain to rent their place.
Nothing is going to stop solar now, it's cheaper than any form of energy right now and will only get cheaper. You are already seeing energy companies lining up trying to stop people from putting solar on their roofs so they can retain control of energy through centralization. Once we can get our energy storage density high enough electricity will eliminate the need for all extraction energy. Finally, regarding jobs, I have heard for the last several year "adapt or die" and to a point I agree but a lot of the new "super companies" have only got that way by operating in the grey areas of the legal world and hoping nobody notices until they've made enough money to fight in the courts. Uber and AirBnB are great examples of an unlicensed cab company and an unlicensed hotel company. The have huge valuations but employ hardly anyone and they hurt businesses that are actually playing by the rules. Same goes for Amazon, it's great that I can order whatever I want but lots of B&amp;M companies can't compete due to scale and the fact that people can usually avoid sales tax. We all think getting the cheapest thing is great but we never realize we are all on the great race to the bottom and it's the young people who will be hurt the most.
Chicago chiming in, you can afford to live in the third largest city in the USA. You can easily buy a home for under 300K in a good area with decent schools and you can get to the downtown area in under 30 minutes via public transportation. It's not the hippest area but I'm not saying it is. If you want to live in a trendy area expect to spend at least 500K, but you get what you pay for. And despite all the non-sense you hear about high taxes, it's down right cheap when compared to California or NYC.
I had a 4 bedroom/2 bath with a two car garage that sold in the high 300's, if it was 20 miles north it would have sold for close to a million. Location, location location.
Chicago was #1 for IT startups last year. We make big wages because we are a big city, much larger than SFO. On the other hand we never had the real estate boom California had so you can still afford to buy a house at almost any price point. Sure we have 6 weeks of really shitty weather but you have to pick your battles.
My dad was from cheeseland and it was never, ever cold enough for a ride. 40 Below....nope...as long as it isn't windy you are walking.
in my dads 1968 Buick Special convertible, I remember it like it was yesterday.
I live in the city, across the street from the area elementary school, nobody lives more than 1 mile from the school and there are crossing guards on every corner but every morning there is a line the entire length of the block full of parents dropping their kids off and then picking them up 7 hours later. Why?
Not really when you compare it to NYC or SFO. We have no city tax where NYC has a ~3.5% income tax. We also have a flat state tax of 3.5% where NY and Cali have up to ~9% and 14% respectively. Our sales tax is higher, about 1% but our cost of living is much lower.
Sadly we do have a higher unemployment rate when compared to larger cities ~5%, but I looked into the numbers and where we have a huge deficit of jobs if for the poor and specifically poor black men where our unemployment rate is over 20%. We hate the weather too, but you just gut it out for 8 weeks and it's almost over.
Isn't this wonderfully American? You can choose to either bring your own bag for free or you can purchase a single use bag from the store -it's freedom. In this case the big bad government isn't stopping anyone for using a single use bag, we have a choice. In addition the government is being thoughtful in charging a tax on these bags as they are a nuisance and have a tendency to get caught up in drains and sewers where the government has to come in a remove them, so it's self funding. Ain't America great!
Let's call them what they are anti-abortion, I don't know anyone who isn't pro-life, do know anyone who thinks life in general is bad?
There really are two ways to go. The first, like a lot of European countries, the Fed provides a basic health care insurance for everyone paid for with tax dollars. On top of the basic package you/your employer can provide additional insurance providing more benefits. The second option is keep our private system but offer a option to buy Medicare. This had a two fold benefit, it would keep the private insurers in check because people always can go to Medicare if the private insurer gets too expensive and it would expand the medicare pool with younger/healthier people. Obviously single payer would be the most cost effective as we'd have a single pool to spread the costs across but right now that is a pipe dream.
That is some mental gymnastics. Someone will always win the popular vote unless we have a numerical tie which would be impressive in a country of 300MM and we use an electoral system in the US which doesn't always represent the majority of votes. Just because we do use an electoral system doesn't negate that the winner received. less votes than the loser
I'm going with wasn't making any money. The bad Dog had really bad service and Mash's service wasn't any better. Couple that with smaller portions and a higher price point than the Bad Dog and you have a recipe for going out of business.
Reserves are huge especially in large buildings where nothing is cheap. My building has about 30K in reserves for each unit and yes it does piss me off a bit if I sell that I won't get that money back. On the other hand my aunt has a condo with no reserves and has been slammed with a 70K assessment for windows and 120K to re-do the balcony and this makes the condo hard to sell.
There are all sorts of ways to warm up and to be blunt going for a run before weightlifting isn't very useful, it's like going for a swim before playing basketball. What does make sense it to warm up with lighter weights than then increase the amount you lift. It really shouldn't matter if you squat 100lbs or 1000lbs the first set is the bar and then you add some weight and then some more weight until you get to your working weight where you do your sets. Your son will be fine, chances are he will have little to no programming (which is a bad thing), but he's 15 and any stimuli will be a big positive for him. Just remember to feed him A LOT!
I won't comment on your stretching, there are a lot of things you can do but I prefer to do my stretching after my run. Regarding your shins, there really isn't a stretch for that area what you are likely encountering is shin splints, which is really common when someone begins a running program. It takes a little time for the body to adjust to the pounding of running. What I would suggest is that for the first few weeks run on soft surfaces and not the sidewalk or road this will be a little easier on the joints/shins.
Here's my anicdote; I had an ear ache and I had gone to the "Minute Clinic", they told me I had wax and an ear infection and gave me drops. Two weeks later my ear still hurt, I was traveling and I thought I might have a punctured ear drum so I go to the ER and they tell me it's wax and to GTFOH. Finally I'm in Florida and I had been using one of those blue squeeze balls to flush my ear out and a big hunk of yuck came out and I kept it. I go to the walk-in doctor and has says he has no idea but will run a test on the "yuck". Luckily my brother was a nurse in the area and had a ENT doctor who owed him a favor, I walked in, he took a look in my ear and said oh it's this...and then proceeded to vacuum it out of my ear in about 5 second. Point being, because I couldn't get into a specialist I spent a ton of time and insurance money going to other doctors, something that could and should have been addresses quickly took almost 2 months to resolve.
EAT, EAT, EAT and EAT SOME MORE. No really EAT! Chances are you are growing like mad and you just don't have enough calories to let you gain weight. Here's a really easy diet GOMAD, Gallon of Mile A Day. Stick with it for a month but don't be lazy and not train, see how much weight you gain and than adjust your diet from there.
For those young up and comers let me fill you in on something, the governing body of your sport doesn't care about you. They only care about themselves and their trips to the world championships and the Olympics. They only care about getting to hobnob with famous athletes and being important. Go to a few national meetings and you will quickly see it's all about them and being told what a great job they did, trust me they don't do much. Let Dagny be a lesson, unless you are Phelps and your years line up properly (you are setting WRs in an Olympic year) take the scholarship, go to school and get your damn degree. Really wouldn't you rather get a 4 year ride to Stanford where you have a incredible coach and team to train with (plus room and board) or do you want to make $1800 a month with the hopes you will get a shit ton of endorsements? There just isn't that much money in swimming to be a professional, sure there is some but not a lot and college isn't cheap.
I think you are confused about what the job of USA swimming is. USA swimming exists to promote swimming, collect fees and send their management to big swim meets. If one swimmer fails there are 1000 swimmers behind her ready an willing to take her place and USA swimming knows this and that is why they don't care.
My father is a college administrator at private liberal arts college and I asked him the same question. First, very few people pay full tuition almost everyone gets some type of grant. Second a lot of their money goes to infrastructure so they can compete with other colleges, new libraries, domes, rec centers. Finally a lot of these places will do guarantees like if you don't graduate in 4 years they will cover your tuition and that costs money.
I just did a job in the SV and you really have to pay some serious dough for me to even consider moving there. The traffic was ridiculous, much worse than almost anything I seen here and as you said the property costs are crazy. I talked to the people I was working with about housing and all of them lived at least an hour away and then there were two groups the people that had been there long enough to buy in a while back and the other group that were trying to save the 200K for a dawn payment (so they could live an hour away). On top of that outside of SFO everything feels like a shitty suburb.
I disagree, I believe he did it because it was an easier route than an independent run, but disagreement is good.
I like Bernie and I did vote for him but he lost a lot of my respect flipping back to being an indy once the primaries were over. I am familiar with the quote you provided but I still believe he wanted to use the Democratic infrastructure to get on the ballot and didn't want to do the hard work of getting on the ballot as an indy. But as I said, we can disagree.
Trump lost the popular vote, that is what I am saying you can read into that whatever you want.
Right now they are lobbying like crazy. Currently most solar systems are still grid attached because the sun is up only so many hours a day so energy companies are pushing through laws that make it very expensive to be grid attached and not drawing a lot of power, in some cases it costs more to have grid attached solar than it does to just be attached to the grid. What the energy companies want it to retain central control of power via centralized solar power plants and the leasing of residential rooftop space for solar cells. Basically they are trying to keep you from buying a solar system for your home.
people that have high mileage cars to pay much either. There has been a lot of talk about a mileage charge, which would be fair but I just don't see it happening anytime soon.
Does this matter, as long as the R's don't change the filibuster rules the Dems can make sure it never goes to a vote because they can never get cloture. How much of this is posturing and how much of this is really an assault on the ACA?
I don't think it's that as much the word taxes have become a dirty word with a large section of the population. It used to be pretty common practice to raise certain taxes to maintain funding levels, we haven't raised the gas tax since 1993, and because of this we have to dip into the general fund to pave roads. I would think that most people could agree that a consumption tax for road usage is a good equitable thing, but I guess I'm wrong.
Thank the Boomers. But keep them in mind as the Millennials come into to power, the Boomers got what they wanted because they were a huge voting block, they took as much as they could and said fuck future generations. Will the Mills be the same?
Even so we have lots of gold medal winners that are broke. The stars really have to align and you become a media darling, performance is really secondary.
Kind of like what the liberals did after Obama got elected.
Yeah,,,,all those inspired liberals showed up to the mid-terms and voted in the tea-party.
How about an auction for the visas starting at 100K, if you really need a skilled worker 100K isn't too much to spend especially when a CEO is making 1MM plus a year.
[Nope](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/04/25/millennials-overtake-baby-boomers/) the Mils out number the Boomers, the difference is that they just don't vote. And while the Mils are poorer than the Boomers that will change and being poor doesn't stop you from voting, running for office and contacting you elected representatives to push you agenda. No excuses.
of course.
That would be my first thought too. I'm always leery of any guy in IT dresses too well. I'm a consultant for storage so I go to different clients every week to work with their staff, I've gotten shit in the past because I wasn't dressing well enough for the customer (jacket, tie, etc). I have to explain to the sales schmucks that if I walked in wearing a suit and tie nobody would take me seriously, they'd think I was a sales guy.
You have pretty high standards if you consider Delilah's a dive.
Weird place, not divey, just odd.
Do you still get a free drink if you give them your AA token?
It looks like it's a neighborhood irish bar, it's cleanish but the staff and the clientele were just odd. Maybe it's a regulars bar and I'm not a regular, there was nothing wrong with the place other than people were a little nasty. It was also a much older crowd than I'd expect, 60+.
Don't wear jeans, don't wear a tshirt, don't wear sneakers. You don't have to wear a tie but they may think better of you if you do. Do take a shower, brush your teeth and comb your hair. If you have a beard trim it, if not shave. In other words look like you made an effort. When you interview look them in the eye and answer their questions honestly, you are a newbie they don't expect you to know much. What they do expect is for you to have a good attitude and be willing to learn and take direction. I'd rather hire someone I can teach than somebody who thinks they know everything and has nothing to learn. Be nice, if they tell a joke laugh. When you are talking to them don't be nervous, pretend they are your big brother or an older friend, they aren't trying to fuck with you they are just trying to feel you out. Finally, at the end of the interview tell them you want the job, say "I really want this job". Good luck kid, I hope you hit it out of the park.
Okay not Bill, but I work for a similar company and I was working on a very high profile project (it was on the news and if you are in the US you know about it) and every now and then the CEO would sit in on our calls and our management would mention (a lot) that our CEO is watching this project closely. And depending on the customer I had experienced the "CEO is watch" or "this project is on the CEOs radar" and that is never good. Funny Gates story; I was at Comdex years ago at some party, my bro inlaws company was throwing and there was a big hub-bub because some guy wanted to come in but didn't have a ticket and security wouldn't let him in- it was Bill Gates. Same thing happened to Bill Hewlett when he tried to come into a HP party -pretty unassuming billionaires.
Yep, my first professional gig was $6/h writing code. I ended up programming robots (in the 80's). Don't worry too much about the references, if they even call them, just be smart and make sure your references know you are interviewing that way they can make you sound like a superstar. A good company is great just be careful, one of the pitfalls of a "good company" is that it is comfortable and at your phase in your career you need to learn/experience as much as you can as fast as you can absorb it. People get suck at companies because they like the job/people but they forget that they are under paid AND most importantly they are becoming stagnant technically. Take it from an old dude, where you stop learning prepare to be unemployed. All that being said good luck.
I see where you are coming from but I don't think it throwing other Dems under the bus as much as it is just general frustration that entire states regularly vote to fuck themselves over. I'm really sorry that there are a few people with enough sense to do the right thing but how do you feel bad for the vast majority that will spite themselves because they want to screw others more?
My Grandfather's brother was the president of the Socialist party in the 30's in Milwaukee, Milwaukee also had the US's first socialist mayor. In addition the union movement was huge. If you live in a Co-op in NYC chances are it was started by a union or a socialist organization. These were real cooperatives in the socialist sense, here's and [example](http://occasionalplanet.org/2011/05/31/the-amalgamated-a-socialist-inspired-housing-co-op-in-the-bronx/)
What is Pakistani BBQ like?
Traffic is a lot worse as is public transportation and the taxes are higher. But, depending on what side of the hill you are on the weather is nicer.
Excellent list but let me add something to it; Rule 9: If you can find something to hit them with, a brick will do a lot more damage than a fist, a big rock, a bottle, a full can of soda will do lots of damage. You will likely get 1-2 shots in so make them count. Please don't get caught up in being "honorable" or fighting "fair" this is simply about you surviving.
Go to your local Y, they do adult swim lessons. Once you can swim (freestyle) comfortably 100-200m you can join a local masters swim program, they are open to anyone over 19 years old. Don't worry about being a shitty swimmer masters teams are used to triathletes coming to practice. They will work on your form and endurance. Depending on where you live there are lot's of beginner triathlon training programs. They will also work with you on form/endurance. Lastly, and I don't recommend this, a lot of triathlons are used to people who can't really swim and are very lax in the swim portion. If you can swim 50m you can literally swim from one paddle board to the next, resting every 50m. Some places have shallow swim courses and people run along the bottom and others will allow you to wear life jackets, so check the rules. All that being said, go to the Y.
Check out the masters programs, it's for people over 19.
This is a result of all these "You can do a Triathlon" programs, a lot like the "You can run a Marathon" program. Like the marathon programs they take mostly under/untrained people and give them the bare amount of training to finish these events and charge them a large chunk of money to do so. Unfortunately these programs have been a boom for race directors and people that would have never considered participating in events like this line up for them now. It's no surprise that people are getting hurt.
Depending on the race it can be an open start which means everyone goes at the same time. The problem is 500 people all trying to squeeze into 20 foot lane. In addition, lot of people that shouldn't be up front like to be up front, some people take this shit really seriously and if you are in their way they will put a hurt on you -punches and kicks to the head will happen even to the very best. Open water is also completely different than swimming in a pool, chances are you can't touch the bottom, there is no wall to hang on to, there is no end to turn at it's just really long swim. The water can and usually is low visibility so you will have to spot yourself so you don't get off course. Then you have to deal with waves, currents and in the ocean you have marine life (I've done races where everyone got bitten by jelly fish). Lastly, don't forget the water temperature. It's not like a pool kept at 82 degrees, the water could be as warm as in the 90s or as low as the 50s -both presents different challenges.
The nice thing about the Nest is that is uses geofencing, that way a robber can tell if anyone is home just by checking the thermostat. Now that is some good security.
I like K's, it's got a nice local feel about it and for those who care they have fee popcorn. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have a pool table. I like it as a place to watch Bears games. I haven't been to Big Joe's, the wife has an issue with turtle racing but there is a decent tap room across the street.
Really, a dog with toe nails can totally destroy wood floors and good luck finding anyone to replace those floors for under $6 a foot. That doesn't include the drywall ruined to drool and the mill work that has been chewed on. I've had tenants that have caused over $20K in damages, for a going away present he threw his couch through a sliding glass door. Before you ask I had already gone to court 4 times before the judge decided he had to move despite not paying rent. I got the judgement and he flew home to Ireland leaving me with a totally trashed apartment.
I'm way too lazy an unmotivated to deal with that kind of crap. When I was in the dating world I remember going out with one girl and we had a great time but I was crazy busy at the time and I didn't get back to her that week. I ran into her at our local and she starts busting my chops a bit because I didn't call her, I said the phone works both ways -that seem to confuse her and she tells me her mom told her never to call a man. Go figure. BTW, this was pre-cell phone so it's not like now where everyone is attached to the phone at all times.
"You definitely do not want to be that guy who has done helpdesk for 25 years." I agree and disagree with you it all depends on the person and what they want out of their career. I personally would go ape shit if I had to spend 8 hours on a help desk, it just isn't my cup of tea. On the other hand a lot of people wouldn't want my job, lots of travel, long hours, complex technology and a lot of times you are under the gun, I love it. You will always need drones, not everyone wants to be doing cutting edge shit some people just want to learn their job an do it, nothing more. These people can be really good at their job too but they don't want anything more in their career. Same goes for management, there are a reason you will see a lot of older dudes in the field, it's not because they couldn't be a manager but they just don't want to be a manager and they enjoy working in the field.
It's a lot easier to take a risk when you have money or are at least backed up by money. Sure, person A took the risk and person B did not, but what is not figured into the equation is that person A's parents have loads of money and if he had lost instead of won person A's parents would have subsidized his life until he got back to the original $50. Person B on the other hand is poor, the first person in their family to have $50, they don't want to risk losing it and go back to where they were and if they did lose their money they would likely never get back to where they are now.
This is a big concern. When you are vetted they go through your background with a fine tooth comb, the reason being is that if we know all your secrets so you can't be blackmailed. In Trump's case, he has lots of skeletons in his closet and very few have been disclosed. What we have now is a enemy with information on the PEOTUS that he doesn't want disclosed. What will he do it keep this information quiet and how would is compromise our country?
You must not travel too much if you think "downtown Chicago" is liberal, then again you probably think Obama is some wild-eyed socialist.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers.
Token 4 if you were cutting edge.
True but I know on Broadway there is a big push to cut down on the amount of talent so they are trying to reduce the number of actors and the number of musicians, they try to replace half the orchestra with a tapper
It amazes me, I work with the Fed all the time. In particular I work with low level, non-decision making technical people. Often these people have to escort me while I'm onsite, that means when I need to pee they get to walk me to the bathroom or when I'm hungry they get to walk me to the cafeteria. In other words I'm a pain in the ass, these people have their daily jobs AND they have to baby sit me. I can't even buy these guys a sandwich or a coke, it would be considered a bride (I don't sell anything) and we could both lose our jobs. Now we have a president that is ripe to be bribed, every time anyone who wants a contract with the Fed or to influence the fed and they stay at a Trump property they are overtly bribing the president. I can't see anyway around this unless he divests completely and puts his money in a blind trust and that isn't going to happen.
The point of paying is that it is a fund raiser for the community, in particular to help pay to maintain the gardens in the area. They also have to pay for lots of things including clean up, security and the entertainment none of which is free. Honestly, if it's the same as the others why go, but if you go you should pay.
Why are you looking at running and not the throws? Shot, Disc, maybe javelin or hammer, there are get sports for a strength athlete. A lot of the training is similar to training for power lifting but throw in more explosive lifts like snatches and cleans.
the big advantage to being comfortable breathing on both side is when you do an open water swim and you don't want to get lost. The other time it come into play is when you do a flip-turn, you may mess up your timing and need to breath on the other side. You really only see bilateral breathing with distance swimmers, sprints may only breath once or twice per length.
go to the "Y" they do adult swim lessons -in short yes go take lessons it will help.
Nope, I'd guess 90% of their stuff is made overseas. They do make their high-end boots in the US but that's pretty much it.
You only need insurance when you need it. It's like saying I don't know many drivers who need car insurance....until they get into an accident.
And these are great places for the G-X'ers to hang out until they retire. Oracle, IBM, SAP -I'd work for any of them (well Hurd is at Oracle and he's a bit of a dick so maybe not Oracle). I'm not looking to change the world, I'm not looking for a ping pong table or Friday night beer parties at the office, I'm looking for a pay check, benefits and to be left the fuck alone to do my job as well as I can. If I can be the 30 year Ford line worker who retired in 1985, decent pension (401K) and a decent pay check while I'm working I'm good with that, let someone else "disrupt".
Everyone needs to take a deep breath, when I was 27 I was sleeping on a futon on the floor in an apartment with three roommates. I had a crappy job(s) and no real prospects, then the PC boom came and my life accelerated. You don't know what the future will hold, something could spark the economy and we all make lots of money for the next 5-10 years, it happens. One thing to keep in mind as you are getting older it to not give up with your grand fathers and great grand fathers fought and some died for and that is your social safety net. Don't just shrug your shoulders and wave good by to Social Security and Medicare because if it goes away it's your fault and you will pay for it one way or another.
I say this not because I believe we are a defeated generation but because we have already seen the bullshit and are smart enough to avoid it. We lived through the Dot bomb period where it was cool to have foos ball tables and beer in the company fridge, you also got paid shit with the promise of Wall Street riches and they worked the crap out of you. Secondly, while the Mills were unfortunate to be coming out of college during the great recession, we got to deal with the early 90's where there were no jobs and we too got slammed with the great recession but unlike the Mills we couldn't go an live with our mommies and daddies we had to suck it up and take huge pay cuts and take shitty jobs just to keep our heads above water, put food in our kids mouths and hopefully keep our homes. So if our legacy is the desire to live a decent life and not continue to swing for the fences, which are constantly being moved farther and farther away, so be it. We've also figured out the job is just the job and doesn't define us.
I agree, I have no problem paying the bills but I hate seeing money being wasted.
Nobody is expecting much from you, but what they are expecting is that you will be willing to learn. To make you life a little better I'd suggest the following (this is not just for IT but for most entry level jobs). First, be nice, nobody wants to work with an asshole, if you are nice people are more likely to help you. If somebody helps you or looks out for you thank them, you are making their life harder. Take in as much information as you can. Ask people to show you how to do something and then when you have the chance ask if they could check your work. Study, study, study, this is the life of everyone in IT, I've been in the business for almost 30 years and the only constant is trying to stay current - I try to read about 10 hours a week on various IT topics both in my specialty and other areas. Focus on great customer service, people get shitty when something doesn't work you can either be a hero or part of the problem. Listen to the customer, again be nice, remember that your goal is the same as their goal -to solve their problems. Write coherent emails and speak intelligently, if you write like a 3rd grader and speak like a numbskull you won't be taken seriously even if you are really smart. As far as juggling life, get used to it, it doesn't get any better, wait till you have kids. Do learn to separate your life from work, it's a big part of your life but it shouldn't be your life. If you are not on call, turn off the phone and don't answer emails -it's hard and a lot of people will tell you you need to be available 24/7 but since you don't get paid 24/7 they can piss off. Good luck with the new gig, listen twice as much as you talk and you'll be fine.
Don't fall for the "perks", unless you are in upper management most perks are bullshit. Sure you can work for the airlines and get free travel, but it's always on stand by so you can get stuck somewhere for a while with your free ticket. Most of the perks are kind of bullshit anyway, you get all sorts of 10-15% discounts with other companies most of which you'll never use. Other discounts aren't even discounts, certain auto discounts for example you'd get a better deal just talking to the sales people. All the other perks you hear about are used to keep you in the office -think free beer and video games and lunch, all used to keep you in the office. The best perks I've ever seem was at my wife's company, a very small advertising agency. The owner had tickets/sky-boxes to all the pro sports teams as well as subscriptions to all the cultural events. If the boss didn't want to go to something the tickets flowed down hill, I got to go to a lot of games in the sky-box, I got to sit on the floor at a few NBA games, a few Broadway shows etc, it was pretty great for me but I didn't have to work there. My wife on the other hand did have to work there and the best she would describe it is "okay" and the pay was crap.
The innocents project from Northwestern was instrumental in the state of Illinois banning the death penalty
I was in Calc 1 and missed the day he covered derivatives -oops. It took about half a semester to catch up and my grades to a brutal hit, all because I couldn't drag my ass out of bed for an 8;00am class. I should have just talked to him but at 18 you don't think that way.
Texas is at the bottom of the list as far as health care [access](https://smartasset.com/life-insurance/best-states-for-healthcare-access), I've heard the same story from my friend in suburban Austin. He's got plenty of insurance but can't get in to see a doctor.
The reason we don't have the public option lays solidly in the hands of Joe Lieberman. He said no and that was that. Obama was luck to get through what he did, they had to drag Kennedy in from his death bed just so he could vote. There were 60 senators that all had to agree and those senators went from the "far left" -Bernie Sanders to the far right of Orin Hatch and Arlen Spector. I believe the plan was to get it through and then fix all the stupid shit, it was unfortunate that the Republican party decided not to do anything other than vote to repeal the bill. We've had 7 years to make it better and the Republicans have flat out refused.
No, we never blamed the ACA on Bush and Trump doesn't get any credit for it either. There are many republican governors who refused free money for Medicare so they poor people could get coverage. I do blame the Republicans in congress who had 7 years to make the ACA bill better, instead they only voted to repeal the bill. Well now you are running the show and can pretty much do what you want. When the republicans (the Democrats won't be voting to end the ACA) repeal the ACA, they are going to blow a hole in the budget, stick old people with higher drug costs, kick young people off their parents policies, screw a whole lot of poor people, kick an estimated 30MM people off health insurance they are totally responsible. Please stand up when this happens and say "I did this proudly".
A lot of the Republican governors rejected free money for Medicaid that would have helped a whole lot of poor rural people get insurance. Repealing the ACA is going to cause a lot of rural hospitals to close because they only exist because the ACA makes these people have insurance. Own it, you want the ACA gone, embrace the problems they that will cause.
I believe [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSRo51SbQQs) is what you were looking for.
Yep, it comes from the big liberal cities. Don't worry rural America and the South won't have to carry their own weight -they never have no reason to start now.
I would talk to his insurance company. IF you look at the trajectory of health insurance premium increases the ACA slowed the [increase](http://www.factcheck.org/2015/02/slower-premium-growth-under-obama/), maybe if he had a little help for Congress it could have been slowed more.
it's free to the rural states and the south because they can't pay their bills. Is this too hard to understand?
I'd say that my grammar and punctuation sucks, thank you for pointing that out. I'm proud of what you can ascertain with a 4th grade education.
Only slightly better than downloading music for free.
My wife's roomie from college dropped well over 200K, her dress was over 20K and the shoes were 2K. The reception was outside so both the dress and the shoes were completely ruined by grass stains.
The problem with insurance is that it really doesn't function with supply and demand. The goal in insurance is to have the largest pool possible to spread the costs across the most people. The idea that having more insurance companies would reduce costs doesn't work because more companies equals more pools and more pools means smaller pools and then higher rates. We all know the solution and that is a single medicare like solution, in fact Medicare for all would be great, it would create one huge pool and the rates could be the lowest.
Ask them how an all powerful, all loving god can allow such horrible things happen in the world. Starvation, disease, wars -lot of innocent people suffer and die why would a all powerful god let this happen?
Another friend of ours bought her dress at a thrift shop for $5. Granted she dropped another $200 getting it tailored but still.
First, you can leave via car because your parents could be real dicks and report it stolen and you'll end up in jail. I'd call your friends up and see if and how long they could put you up for cheap/free. Figure out how you can make your exit as quickly as possible, with the most money as possible and without having any ties to your family. As others have said, you need a better job. At your age consider waiting tables, you can make a lot more money and it's in cash so you won't have to wait for a check. In addition restaurants will hire quickly if they need help. Once you have some experience you can work other places and make more money. Once you get a job start looking for roommates, your dollar will go a lot further. Sign up for Obama care ASAP, your broke so it will be free (don't go to Texas as you won't be covered). From the places you listed you should be able to get by without a car, Uber and a bike will be your friend -a car urban area isn't really worth the money so avoid it until you can afford it.
I'll just do late 80's Smugglers Blues It's no fun being an illegal alien Born in the USA Dead Mans Party Girls/Brass Monkey (Beastie Boys) Sweet Child of mine Dr Feel Good
I am not arguing the existence of god or not, what I said was if your god is an all powerful and loving god as many believers believe how could that god let all this bad shit happen. IF he does just let it happen he's not a very good god -why would anyone with any form of a conscience allow babies to be raped and tortured (or anyone else for that matter. Maybe their god isn't loving? Or what if their god wants to do stuff but can't....then they can't be all powerful.
Yep, three kids and doing fine almost 20 years.
When you make $8 an hour $30 is a lot of money.
I don't disagree, I used to like to argue religion and politics but you can't argue with a zealot. You can point out all the holes in their argument and show them all the data disproving their position and they will just sit there, smile, shake their head and say "no,no,no" until you just give up.
Stop calling it pro-life, they are anti-abortion. These are the same people who vote to cut food stamps and health care, they could careless about anyone once they are out of the womb.
That's not true, the Democratically controlled Senate changed the rule to allow non-supreme court judges with a simple vote. They did this because the Republicans in the Senate decided not to allow any judicial appointments and once they controlled the Senate they stopped appointing judges again just like they did with Merit Garland. So In the case of judges, any loon that ends up on the bench is due to the Republicans in the Senate and not the president. They had the chance to get a centrist but the Republicans want a zealot. As far as "unilateral executive action", Obama hasn't done anything that any other president has done only he has done less. EO's can be wiped out with a stroke of a pen and I'm sure many of his EOs will be changed. On the other hand, if Congress didn't like or doesn't like and EO they can pass a law to change it, but again the Republicans have controlled both houses for 6 years and didn't seem to care enough to over rule any of Obama's EOs. Now that they have Congress and the WH I'm sure they will love EOs. Remember the President can only rubberstamp what Congress sends to him, I'm more worried about the loons in the Congress (I'm looking at you Ryan).
Unfortunately the powers that be can't make money if we generate our own electricity we are already see legislation (Florida) where they are making being grid attached so expensive it's not worth having solar. But you are correct, it would be a win-win, we have millions of square feet of residential roof space that could be used for solar. With improved efficiencies in both PV and our electronics we could have more power than we will know what to do with.
I'd like to say that nobody wants to go to war but that just isn't the case. That being said there was a large segment of the military that were forced to serve or served out of duty and love of country. Donny has never served a day in is life of this country and yet he mocks POWs, thinks he's earned a purple heart and thinks the military is going to be a great prop for the next few years. All this and the military loves the guy, I just don't understand.
We could just tax all income as ordinary income and quit differentiating income. Why is capital gains income more encouraged than income from employment? Do we want everyone to sit at home and make their money off of some type of investment, that's a quick way for our country to fail. Level the playing field, income is income, I think that's fair.
Why 25% of the population is under 18 and 15% is over 65, it's a good bet that people in those groups aren't working or don't make very much money. so you have about 10% of the population in working age that are poor. frankly I thought it would be higher.
Obama didn't raise taxes on anyone. The Bush tax cuts were passed via reconciliation so it had a 10 year life span. Obama and the Republicans went to war and the Republicans tried to shut down the government to keep all the tax cuts in place, Obama wanted the highest tax bracket to sunset. At the end of the day Obama won and the highest tax bracket returned to what it was under Clinton.
The thing is McCain is 80 years old and is going to be in office till at least 86. So let's face it, he will probably die in office. If I were him I would be the fly in the ointment that he has always claimed to be. Maybe he could create another gang of six to stop the crazies and still get something done before the balance of power flip. That would be a good legacy for him, right now his legacy is the guy who lost the presidency to a black guy and had a hockey Mom as his VP.
McCain is 80 and just got re-elected, I think he needs to step up and be the "maverick" that he thinks he is and start putting country ahead of party. He has a chance to have a decent legacy, right now it's kind of ugly.
I was joking. Thanks for the encouragement but I guess I'll leave this one to the Scientologists -I never though I'd type those words. BTW, I love your work, keep up the fight.
IF you got a problem yo we'll solve it!.....sounds great for government.
There is a reason we have such a painfully slow system, it's a feature and not a bug. The reason is that because change takes so long a single loon in office can't sink the whole ship. The system also stops great positive change from happening quickly but it's the price you pay for stability.
I believe our founding fathers understood that a man could put themselves over country but what I don't think they imagined is that a party could put themselves over country. It's hard to get that many people to fall in lockstep but it looks like they were wrong.
People don't realize this is going to hurt small town USA not the big cities. We have more money and rich people tend to live in cities. Small town USA is going to become a bigger shell than it already is now.
Yep I bought a new house a couple of years ago, it was built in '05...1905. Much newer than my last place 1870, lots and lots of dust and ghosts.
Where I live, my building would cost about 800K and the taxes are about 10K a year, so all in it would cost you about 5K a month to own the build. Our apartment (1/2 the building) is ~2K, so rent is much cheaper than buying. Take into account that when you rent you don't have to worry about any of the maintenance it's a great deal. The only reason our rent is as low as it is is because the owner bought the building several years ago so their mortgage is much lower than the value of the property, if they sold the rent would go up a lot.
Rural kids love Sesame Street and a whole host of other programs. It's like so many "free" things people don't notice until it's taken away. It's kind of like the people cheering that Obama care is getting repealed as long as they can keep getting their insurance from the ACA.
MM isn't one of the little people, he's worth around $50MM. Maybe he could direct some of that money to getting some progressives elected in his beloved Michigan
Again people don't know what they are cutting but by god they want it gone. They hate the ACA, unless they are sick. The hate the NEA, it's a waste of money, until the find out it keeps their small town mu seam in business or the cool art public installation generates business in their dying downtown. They hate the govenment spending money on PBS, but everyone of their kids have been educated by sesame street. They hate regulation until their water is poisoned or their meat is filled with e coli. I really wish just for 1 day when the "fiscally responsible" Ted Cruz decided to shut down the government that Obama said find and sent all 2 million workers home. Every port, every airport, all the boarders shutdown. No food processing, no SSI checks, no farm subsidies the list goes on and on all gone. Most people have no clue.
What they are calling funding is Medicare funding for procedures performed. So if PP performs a pap smear it is billed to Medicare just like if any other hospital or clinic performed it. If a woman asks for an abortion they must pay for it out of pocket because Medicare doesn't and cannot by law pay for an abortion. So if you consider paying a company (PP) for services rendered then I guess you could say they receive government funding, but then again since our government is the largest buyer in the country/world I'd venture to guess every company in the country receives government funding.
Yep they do a lot of nice things for the neighborhood and for those who are not familiar with Andernsonville we are a very diverse neighborhood with a large section of the LGBT community so a lot of the policy statement of the upcomming administration could have a big effect on the people that live here. That being said, I've never been a fan of Hopleaf, I've always thought the bartenders were snotty but I do believe I'll be taking my wife out for a beer or two there tonight.
I wish more bars would have that policy.
Fuck that shit, you think everyone that's already paid 20+ years into the system is going to allow it to be cut. Bush the younger tried this shit before and it didn't work well for him. I wouldn't put it past these crazy SOBs to try but I hope there are enough congressmen who want to get re-elected that will vote against fucking with peoples beneies.
But nobody wants to lose the SSI, except the Mills who seem resigned that it's already gone.
That's our problem. I think votes from all spectrums need to do two things going forward. First, we need to register anyone who can legally vote -everyone should have a voice and we get our voices from voting. Second, no candidate should ever run unopposed, not in a primary and not in the general. I live in Chicago too and it pissed me off to see how many positions had only one person running, next time I'll run for district water commissioner if nobody else will. It's not a democracy unless you have choice.
Did you see how the Bernie people just took over the Democratic party in Cali? They did it by showing up. There really isn't a lot of interest in politics between elections and you'd be surprised what you personally can get done if you start showing up to party and local politics meeting.
Wearing a belt while beaching is pretty silly. It's not providing any support, the only reason people wear them in competition is to keep their bench shirt in place and to give them a bit of an arch.
Exactly. I was a delegate to the state convention and I could have gone as a delegate to the DNC if my parents would have paid for it in 1980 when I was 12 because I came to the caucus.
Maybe you can't imagine taking time and spending money because you don't think anything is worth fighting for. Even if you disagree with their views understand the commitment to take vacation time (or not be paid), spend money on plane tickets and lodging to go an voice their opinion. These people think it is so important that the new president and world know that there are lots of politcally active people who care that the current administration wants to eliminate a woman's controll over their own body.
It was 8, Obama came into office wanting to play nice with the Republicans even though they hated him. He put more than one Republican in his cabinet and even appointed Republicans to high profile ambassadorships and let's not forget that "Obama Care" was the Republican plan and he used it because he figured he would get Republican support and hence make a better and more comprehensive bill. For all his reaching out the only thing he got was the cold should and being called a liar. There is no reason for any of the Democrats in Congress to play nice with the new administration, why should they?
According to the march organizers, "Organizers say one of the goals of the march is to tell the new administration that on Day 1, “women's rights are human rights.” Despite the name of the event, leaders have made clear that all are welcome to join, not just women." The new administration has said it is going to outlaw abortion and go after LGBTQ laws as well as being immigrant unfriendly. I would also guess they aren't too happy about a lot of the Administrations cabinet picks, just to name a few.
I don't know anyone who is pro-abortion but I know a lot of people that they should have control over their body and not the government. Funny how the party of small government don't want to regulate anything unless it's your body or who you have sex with. I won't take the bait as far as immigration, conservatives love illegal immigration that way they have a under-class that will work for nothing. The only time they don't like cheap illegal immigrant labor is when they are running for [office](https://www.yahoo.com/news/wilbur-ross-trump-cabinet-pick-says-he-fired-undocumented-employee-ahead-of-confirmation-hearing-163436332.html)
Sorry, in our country no religion is favored over another by our government. So, if this unless you want a lawsuit from the Satanists you just might want to skip it.
A lot are trying to take Metra/Amtrak, so it's an easy train ride if you are coming from Milwaukee or Kenosha. I don't think Metra had planed on an extra 10-30K people coming to town today.
When he was given the man's Purple Heart and the said he'd already wanted one of them....The man was a draft dodger and he made that kind of remark about a medal that is most often given to people who die in combat, I just don't understand how any vet could support the guy. Then again there were a whole bunch of vets that supported BushII (AWOL) and attacked John Kerry who actually served in combat, won a silver, bronze star and purple heart -but those were just given to him. That's an insult to everyone who has ever earned those medals.
We already know Trump is a lech, the more I think about it the less I don't think it's a sex tape they have on him. Why would he care, he's in 3 pornos for gods sake. I think he'd just laugh it off and his followers wouldn't care. The only thing that could change this is if he's into some weird shit or he's screwing a child. Other than that I think he's bullet proof to that type of scandal.
Yes my neighbors went and they said the same thing. Keep up the good fight!
I'll tell you what when rural America pays they own way with out Urban America subsidizing their life style we can talk until then you are just another take living off another persons hard word.
Maybe this will fill you [in](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff-at-disney-train-foreign-replacements.html) but since you seem ill informed the h1b program is used to under cut and displace US workers. Prove me otherwise.
Start with Infosys, Tata and Accenture.
So what if he doesn't take any profits while in office, that's not how real estate works, he likely won't make a profit on that hotel until he leaves office. What he can do while in office is take all that sweet sweet foreign money can use it to pay his mortgage, staff, taxes and any other bills. Add in depreciation and that hotel will be in the "loss" category for years even if he makes money. This is a scam.
Quick question. How do these guys have any standing to sue? How are they being damaged?
Yes. I saw your response after I had already asked. They could always buy a share or two of stock from Marriott or Hyatt, as both businesses would likely have standing. This should be interesting.
Getting people to vote should be priority number 1. We have two years until the next election, due to voter restrictions many eligible voters have been knocked off the we need to get them back on the rolls and most importantly get them to the polls. We need to do what it takes to get them back on the rolls, if it takes getting a birth certificate -help them get a BC, if it takes someone driving them to the DMV (and even paying the ID fee) we can and should do so. People who register people to vote can sometimes get $10 a person that they sign-up that money could be better used actually getting people registered and then making sure they vote.
IF Trump gets impeached Pence would be a worthless place holder until the next election and I think that would be the case if either party is in control of the house when the impeachment happened. He will be toxic.
I'd think but it probably doesn't work that way, but I'm no lawyer.
These people will never return to the fold, they continually will vote to punish themselves and other people.
Speaking of disservice, the Republicans had no problem insulting John McCain about his service -they like people that don't get captured. The Republicans had no issue insulting John Kerry, who won a Silver Star, Bronze Star and a Purple Hearth -because he really didn't earn them (I guess his CO and the review board got it wrong). On the other hand the Republicans had no problem applauding the current president, a draft dodger, getting the Purple Heart he always wanted -I'd bet that 100% of the people who have recieved the Purple Heart posthumously never wanted it. Why would anyone expect anything from those people.
Have a huge fine if they are given a house and don't live in it, make it big enough and hopefully most people won't break it. The program sounds like a great idea. I'd also make some provision that they have to live there for a minimum of 10 years or they have to give back a certain percentage of the resale price to the city, say 10% a year.
This actually happens every now and then at my gym. We're considered a "hardcore" gym, but basically we just have a whole lot of steel. Anyway you just never know who is going to walk in the door on any given day, we have a few regulars that are WR holders and a couple of world champions. Every now and then some random dude will come in an put on a show, all the regulars pretend not to watch but everyone is watching. A couple of months ago an older 40's guy comes in and he looks like he just got off the jobsite, he's wearing jeans, work boots and a longsleeve tshirt, he looked fit but not particularly jacked. He starts off doing some light squats, nothing special, next thing you know the guy has 7 plates on (675) and I'm like shit that's a really nice squat but I'm wrong he busts out 5 good mornings. Then he sits down for 5 minutes and does it again. It turns out he was a form WR holder from some eastern European country, he show up a couple more times that week doing equally impressive workouts and I haven't seen him since.
I guess it depends on the person. I had a cousin that was a super genius, I believe his first degree was in physics and he went into the Navy and became the captain of one of the nuclear subs ( I know this because his mother was VERY proud and told us he had his own torpedo tube to store stuff in. I believe he had a PHD somewhere along the way. Anyway for personal reasons he ended up wanting to become a doctor of medicine. The Navy said no dice but the Army said come on over. He ended up being a heart surgeon at Walter Reed. This guy could have gone anywhere and done anything but he choose to serve our country. It's unfortunate that so many of our brightest choose the Golden Hoard over our country.
Don't worry they got Barron to help with the cyber.
I know there are a lot of people who get a hard on for the boarder wall but logistically it's a pain in the ass and let's be honest it's not very effective. On the other hand we have thousands of bridges around the country that are structurally unsound, this could be spread over all 50 states so everybody gets a little cash instead of just AZ and Texas.
just because they no longer support Trump doesn't mean they will ever vote for a Democrat, they will just vote for the next Republican.
Obama has been my Rep for many years and when he was running my first thought was the Dems were going to lose because they ran a black guy. The Dems have a history of fucking up elections to get a minority on the ticket, don't forget Ferraro and Joe Lieberman. And don't kid yourself there would have been no way in hell our WASPy country would have ever elected a Socialist and most importantly Jewish guy from Vermont. Sadly if you want to win, the middle aged white guy has the advantage and will for some time to come.
Don't forget Obama was always on vacation. Right now Trump has spent 40% of his time in office on vacation,he might give Bush II a run for his vacation money.
O did play a lot of basket ball too.
Time to go, you should have let 18 months ago. I get liking where you work and the people around you but at the start of your career there are only two things that matter, salary and experience. You will almost always find good people to work with so don't focus on that, if you do end up at a shitty place stay as long as you are learning something then leave, there is no need to be loyal at the beginning of your career. You can rethink all this advice when you have 10 years on the job.
Chicago is a collection of 50+ small towns, we segregate ourselves by our neighborhoods and we have for over 100 years.
sounds good.
Storage is going through a weird stage right now so the pay is all over the board. That being said, if this is a large company I wouldn't touch it for less than 110K, that seems to be the going rate for fortune 50 companies. You just need to accept that the benies are going to be worse than being a govie that's how it rolls. In addition, don't expect much of a raise ever again, no colo's, get as much up front because that's it. I'd ask for 4 weeks of vacation do to time and grade but everything else is pretty standard. If you are expected to travel more than 1 week a month add another 10-20% to your rate, if you are cleared and the job requires clearance (especially TS or more) I'd beat them up hard for anything less than 135K.
I've been offered a decent chunk of change to come into the office but fuck that I've been a remote/with travel consultant for 17 years, I would hate to go into the office every freaking day. It's worth 10-20K for me to work out of my house.
I was a real asshole when I was young, you'll mellow (a bit) with age. Being an asshole is hard work sometimes.
So they think their ratings will go up if they insult us?
As long as you are fine with your baby being around drunk guys and hearing lots of salty language.
Actually there is a problem. You see a bar is a place for adults and when I am in a place for adults I don't use child friendly language and I don't like being told I need to curtail my adult language because someones little cherub has delicate ears. Go to Rainforest Cafe, they love kids and you can get a drink too, stay out of bars.
I think a trailing stop is the way to go, maybe 15%. that way if the market continues to go up great but if it dips enough you can pull out and re-evaluate. You can't time the market but if it starts dropping 500 points a day I'd rather be out sooner than later.
To expand on this just a bit, Chicago has a fairly high unemployment rate for a larger city greater than 5%. Black people in Chicago have an unemployment rate over 10% and young black men have an unemployment rate of over 30%. What we are dealing with is a large group of young men with no work and no chance for work. That is a breeding ground for violence. Finally, Chicago/Illinois is a cash cow federal tax wise, the money goes out and very little returns. The city and state owe a lot of money to the pension funds so any extra dollars goes to support retired teachers and cops. The problem is of course is that all the programs that have in the past helped these areas are gone for the most part. Fix the unemployment and you will fix 75% of the problems in this area.
Chicago is where Obama is from and Obama is bad. Where Obama is from is bad. Only Trump can fix things.
They already here, would you like to send some more that would be great.
True but it's not as bad as it was in the 80's early 90's and it's much lower than many other cities. It's just good press and nobody likes press more than the guy sitting in the white house.
My buddy from Austin was being pretty mouthy about Trump until he was sworn in and now I haven't heard a peep out of him, hopefully he's shaking his head and wondering if he was just drunk for 8 months.
I am saying that some illegal workers have taxes withheld from their pay checks and they don't file federal/state tax returns. I know they have mentioned that because of this it's a nice boost to SSI, people pay in but won't receive any benefits.
Are you buying through HPE or from CDW? If are buying via CDW HPE can't directly assist you through sales, that's a CDW think not HPE. I can assure you HPE is supporting all their storage products in house.
SMB or enterprise and where are you located?
The biggest bitch you used to hear about Obama from business was "uncertainty", business just never knew what Obama would do next. Obama was a pretty middle of the road kinda guy and was business friendly. Trump, while he seems to be business friendly (unless he doesn't like you) is all over the board policy wise so I would guess the business community is just sitting on the sidelines waiting to see what he does. He's been pretty erratic since he's been in office so I would guess there is a lot of "uncertainty" right now.
He is our president, we own it. What are we going to do it fix this problem? Sadly there is a huge section of our country that sees no problem and are actually happy to see what is going on.
I blame the Boomer's for a lot of things (Gen-X here) but there has always been a good group of people who have been standing up for our rights for a long time. I'm happy they are still around, I think a lot of the Mills never lived in a time where their rights were under attack and it's good to have the old timers around to show them the way.
I'm no fan of illegal immigration but putting up a wall is one of the dumbest things I've heard of in a long time. What they need is more immigration judges so these people don't spend 24 months in jail waiting for their day in court. In addition we need a two pronged approch if we really do want to address illegal immigration/workers. First we need to fine the living shit out of companies who habitually hire illegal workers and second we need to hire more ICE officers. The thing is is that business loves illegal workers, they can pay them less and screw them every way till sunday as far as benefits. We know which companies hire illegal workers but we don't do anything about it, we give them tiny little fines and they just consider it the cost of doing business. Start fining them 50-100K for every illegal worker and that shit will end fast.
Don't forget if we slap Mexico with a 20% tariff, Mexico will slap a 20% tariff on US goods coming into Mexico. We are talking $18B in farm products we sell to Mexico. So Heartland, what are you going to do with all that corn and soybeans nobody wants?
My uncle was one of the leaders of the Steamfitter union in the 30's and he got his head cracked open at the Memorial Day riots.
Part of the reason I go to a bar is because of the bartenders, if I have to serve myself at $8 a glass I might as well stay at home.
It's only 1.5 miles so 400's and 800 intervals would probably do the trick -start with a full recovery and then try to knock 20-30s off the recovery each week. Do a time trial once a week to get a baseline and stress the system. He has to run a 5:40 pace which as a runner isn't too hard but he's a weight lifter so he's probably heavier than the usual middle-ish distance guy.
In my opinion it is a worthwhile investment, a good trainer can help you reach your goals in the shortest amount of time but it all depends on you and your trainer. Trainers come in all shapes and sizes and levels of knowledge. Some think they are great trainers because they can spout bro science and look good with their shirt off. Others look a bit pudgy and he in depth exercise science knowledge. As a customer you need to solidly vet your trainer, check out their web site and read their reviews. If you see someone you might like contact them and setup a trial session, if they are good the first session is free or discounted. Go to 3-4 trainers and find one that you think will best fit your needs. If they are on the phone during your session and or aren't writing down what you are doing cut them lose you are wasting your time with them. Remember you are a customer spending a lot of money for their time, make sure you are getting your money's worth. Your responsibility is to communicate with the trainer honestly, if you think something is bullshit call them on it and see what their answer is. Know your goals and discus them with your trainer every few weeks to establish where you are, how far you've progressed and how to move forward. Finally, unless you are training for competition you should not get injured working with a trainer, so if you do you have a problem with that trainer.
Actually the VOA is new, until Trump (the bill passed under Obama) VOA had a board of directors and now it has a presidential appointed CEO. This gives the president, if he so chooses, his own state sponsored propaganda station.
Sure and distance has it's place but this guy is not a runner he is somebody who wants to run 1.5 miles at a certain pace. Doing paced specific intervals is going to teach him to run at his desired speed, it's not particularly fast (e.g. we're not trying to run sub 5 miles) so it's all about ingraining that pace into his system. In addition doing 4X800m at race pace or in his case currently faster than race pace will be aerobic. A lot of people are suggesting that he go out and log 3-5 miles a day and if I was coaching a middle distance group we'd probably warm up with a mile and cool down with 2-3 miles and we'd do 1 day of LSD, but again comparing training runners to a guy who wants to run a race once is apples to oranges. I'm not particularly concerned about him developing a base all I'm looking at is getting him across the finishing at his desired time. What I am suggestion isn't anything out of the norm it's the idiots guide to a short-to-long program, I think a lot of blow back you see here is from HS XCC guys who are used to a long-to short program which is more common.
And that's great but understand there is supposed to be a "three legged stool"; SSI, Pensions (defined benefits) and savings (401K). Businesses eliminated pensions because 401Ks are cheaper and they count on their workers not saving. A properly funded and managed pension can be a really good thing for both the worker and the company, companies can take any extra cash an put it in their pockets. The problems we've seen with pensions is that they go unfunded and they are poorly managed, again the companies win and the worker gets the shaft.
PEnsions are insured just like your bank account by the PBGC
My company is very sensitive to it's stock price, if it gets too low people get fired and the price goes up (Wallstreet loves "cost cutting"). If you look at 9/11, the market crashed and the next day companies started laying people off, it wasn't that they had to lay people off it was that their stock took a dive and the fastest way to prop up a stock is by cutting head count. So, yeah the market effect everyone working for a publicly traded company.
[~2.9 for 2016](https://www.ssa.gov/policy/trust-funds-summary.html)
What is amazing is that year in and year out they vote against their best interests. The entire south is heavily dependent on hand outs from the government but they really hate government. The big cities on the other hand really would be better off without a lot of federal/state government. They are denser and have economy of scale so when the federal government cuts something they can afford to make up the difference and yet year in and year out they vote for expanded government programs -which they disproportionately pay for. As a city person I'm kind of at the point of saying fuck rural America, maybe if they had to sit in the dark for a while they'd figure out that they need our help and start voting accordingly.
"No help coming to the rural communities"!? who do you think pays for your schools, cops, roads, your food stamps and welfare checks? Who do you think paid for rural electrification? If it wasn't for the urban centers you'd be sitting in the dark waiting for news via carrier pidgin
That's not true, there are many clothing businesses in the US but labor costs in the US are about 15% higher (we use less people but the wages are higher) so being a "good" businessman he exports his manufacturing.
I worked for a high-risk auto loan company for a little while, most of the loans were under 3K. I always thought it was a scam because of how much money they made and the rates and fees that they charged. It wasn't until somebody came into the office to pay off their loan that I got a different perspective. The woman couldn't thank us enough, nobody would loan her any money, she had shitty credit for a divorce and had just started a job and needed a car. After six months she paid off (I believe she re-fi'ed) the loan and it was because of us she had a car, a job and better credit.
Please stop referring to them as "pro-life", really how many people are "Anti-life", call them what they are anti-womens right to choose or anti-abortion. These people don't really care about life that much.
As a pro-choice male, thank you for a well stated opinion, the beautiful thing about our country is that we are allowed to have differing opinions and express them freely. Let address one comment "To most Christians life is more than just biology but also spirit", if this is the case why do the same Christians who vote consistently to end abortion rights also consistently vote to end programs that feed children? I shouldn't put this upon you as in my opinion you have the right idea. I can fully understand you not wanting to have an abortion or not wanting others to have an abortion but you seem to understand your wants and opinions are not necessarily other peoples wants and opinions, that is all I could ask for.
Yes I had a pension from 2001-2004 and then it got cut for a 4% match on my 401K. They've offered me a lump sum a few times for it but by god when I retire (another 14-17 year) I'm going to cash my $257 pension check every month with a smile. I can't really complain too loudly 4% is still better than a lot of people.
NO. Arnold has very low energy. Sad. No as good as last guy.
Worse he's a Republican congressman from the great state of Flori-dah. They aren't known for their luminaries.
Go take a look at Tripadvisor, there is probably one question a day from someone asking if they will be safe in Chicago. People from outside of the country and not familiar with Chicago won't know the difference between Lincoln ave and Lincoln towing.
Actually, if they could just get our pension funds up to date we'll take care of the rest, god knows we've been paying more than our fair share of the federal budget for years. Right now money that could be used for social programs and job development have to be used to shore up the pension funds. Write us a check and go the fuck away, we got this.
There sandwiches are pretty damn good too, I think they are better than Fontanos
You should have checked out the ceviche guy, his stuff is on point.
Sanfratellos...I always thought Aureilo's cheese was a little strange.
The Ceviche guy, he has a cart and sings opera. Great ceviche.
Definitely donate to the ACLU, but if you work for a larger company check and see if they do donation matching and your donation might get doubled. Every dollar is going to count.
There are community colleges everywhere even in small towns. Satellite campuses are everywhere and if they don't have one they are cheap to setup, they usually just use the local school at night. Honestly there are no excuses.
Aren't Republicans the party of personal responsibility? Maybe he should have spent more time studying math and less time on the field. That being said I will repeat myself, go to the community college, in fact he can go to [this](http://www.collegesimply.com/colleges/west-virginia/pierpont-community-and-technical-college/) college. You have to start somewhere and a community college is a great place to start. They are used to students who aren't ready for a 4 year college and they know how to get people up to speed. So, if Billy Bob can get in his truck and drive 25 miles he can get the training he needs. It's there, it's available, if he's broke it's free, what is the next excuse?
Well the Dems had full control of the house and could override the governor if they had wanted to do so and yet we still don't have a casino in Chicago. Some how Rosemont didn't seem to have a problem getting a casino.
8 years-ish for BA/BS or less than 4 for an AA/AS or less than a year depending on the job training program he chooses to enter. Certificate programs are great for working adults, sure they take some time but they are really a jobs skills program vs a degree.
The wife goes to the design center an picks out a [hand carved granite tub](http://www.panshengstone.net/html/Black-Granite-Bath-Tub_709.html). The tub weighed about 1500-2000lbs empty so when it was delivered he has to hire a crane to get the tub off the truck. So while they are remodeling the bathroom (where the tub will go) it was determined that the house structurally couldn't hold the weight of the tub. So, instead of returning the tub he had to put a 500ft addition on to the already big ass house so there is some place to put the tub.
It actually was a pretty cool looking tub for the time, it would look very dated now, the whole mess cost him about $120K, 5K for the tub and 115K for the bathroom around it.
Yes Barack we do.
This guy is a loon, I don't think he could pass the lifestyle poly.
I had to go to Maui for a month for work, every morning I put on long pants, a collared shirt and I was out the door before 8:00am and I wouldn't get back until about 7:00pm--yippee. So every night I'd go to the pool to swim some laps and wind down from the day. Like you the pool was filled with honeymooners and......me, the only person in the pool that didn't bring a date. I was definitely the creepy guy in the hot tub and what was even worse was my room was right by the freaking kiddie pool so as I was leaving for work parents were shielding their spawn from the scary man.
Oprah paid the sales tax and even for the license plates but not the gift tax. They did give everyone the option to take the cash.
Airplanes have been flying (and landing) themselves for years, have you ever noticed that all planes still have a pilot and a co-pilot. I'm all about the assisted drive, in fact as I get older and see the trouble my father had driving as he got older, I'm looking forward to a car that can do a lot of the work but there is noway in hell I'm going to give up total control.
that is if you are a resident.
I see him going with the white power guys and getting released after 6 months with a swastika tattooed on his forehead
It's not only that they think the world is 6000 years old and people rode dinosaurs like the Flintstones it's that they actively want to end the world. They want the rapture to happen and are doing everything in their power to make it so. So with that understanding why would they want to do anything good for the world, they want it to end.
Considering that the Paris agreement is pretty much nonbinding the only reason Trump did this is to be for lack of a better word a "dick". Trump didn't have to withdraw and he could have sat on his very small hands and do nothing but instead he withdraws just because it would piss a lot of people off. Pissing people off (and kissing Russia's ass) seems to be the only two things he is capable of doing, he has done almost nothing positive since he showed up to the White House and the damage he has done and will do to our country will take years to repair if they ever can be repaired. It's hard for America to be a leader when it has no followers.
Salt miners were actually paid in salt. I believe they were given a hand full a day/week, salt was equal in value to silver. On a final not, we also get the word Salad from salt (sal-ad) because people would put salt on their weeds to eat.
You are right on the money for the average cost per person in the US, ~$6700/year. Now consider that Canada pays about $3500/year with their socialized medicine, it would make economic sense to move to that type of coverage. I addition you would save on your home owners insurance (liability) and your car insurance (medical coverage) so your savings are not just your healthcare insurance.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. -Gen Eisenhower
[it's a couple years old but a family of four is ~12K](http://www.ctvnews.ca/health/true-cost-of-health-care-to-average-family-is-11k-per-year-report-1.2525114) so $3500 now doesn't seem out of line.
it's kind of like how the Republicans like to campaign for small government and reducing the debit and when they get elected the debit explodes and government expands. Like they say can't fix stupid.
Sure it is, Republicans promise to improve the economy and they consistently do a worse job of it than their Democratic counterparts just like they promise to reduce the size of government and the debit and fail to do either.
except for people working hourly, who isn't on a fixed income? Sure there are a lot of older people who are poor but there is also a large bunch who are just cheap and want a discount because they are old.
My dad had the same thing going at the local ice cream place, I walked in with him and it was like walking into Cheers with Norm. The guy at the counter actually asked if he wanted the usual. We thought about having his wake there but decided to go with a bar instead, he like beer too.
Go buy a hybrid car, put solar panels on your roof, replace you appliances with energy star appliances, walk to work instead of driving, all these things will probably make a bigger impact than donating money (not that it's a bad thing). Just because Trump has walked away from the Paris Accord doesn't mean the American people have to walk away from the Paris accord. We promised to reduce our carbon foot print by 28%? and we've already cut it by 14% just by the increased CAFE standards. We can do this as a country and a planet, think macro and act micro.
Regarding the Paris accord, we as a nation can still meet or beat the standards and we don't need the wealthy to do it. Conservation and innovation are the two key areas to accomplish the goals and conservation costs nothing.
From the entire world, the USA via Obama pledged $4B over the next 4 years and we've already paid $1B and these payments are optional.
We've cut our carbon foot print by 14% and the majority of that comes from the increased CAFE standards by Obama. Little things like LCD lighting, energy star appliances and high efficiency furnaces and hot water heaters all help us reach our goal of 28% reduction and all other things I just mentioned won't reduce your quality of life one bit. Riding a bike, taking public transportation or even walking somewhere once or twice a week will help even more but that is up to you.
Sure it was just a dick move from Trump because he likes to piss people off. We don't benefit one bit by pulling out and the bad will we acquire will take years to repair.
If you live in a city it's usually cheaper to take a taxi everywhere than it is to own a car. We're down to one car and probably drive 3000 miles a year. I probably should sell it by I love owning a car.
I worked for the Dot.Bomb of 2000. I made a shit ton of money on the IPO, enough to put a nice down payment on a house, but for the next 11 months it was brutal. I stayed because I was a paper millionaire, I just needed to stay 12 months. The stock went from $170/share to being delisted in 8 months. Needless to say I found another job and I also adapted a different attitude. I'm not looking for the quick buck, not that I will pass it by if the opportunity arises, I want a job that pays well enough and that treats me right (enough). I've been at the same place for 16 years, longer than I ever worked anywhere and to be honest if I could stay until I retire I'm cool with that too. This doesn't mean I don't look be I like my gig so if I'm going to leave it has to be one heck of an opportunity not some bullshit job where I'll be worked like a rented mule and stock options are waved in front of me like a carrot. And I don't give a shit about Foosball or beer at work either.
710 Teamster here, I've driven a lift truck at McCormick Place and I'm also a small business owner who has done shows at there too so I really know both sides of the fence. Sorry that you got robbed from every direction but you have to understand a few things, first it's a union shop and you won't be getting around this. Second, can you imagine thousands of vendors showing up and doing whatever the fuck they wanted? Sure you had to pay $100 for a sparkie to plug in you extension cord, it's the cost of doing business but if it didn't work that way you'd have 25 vendors plugging into that same outlet using power strips and what not and starting a fire -nobody wants that. The unions job is to represent the worker not the company so when you don't understand why they tolerate a shitty worker understand that is what they are there for, just like the company that tolerates a shitty manager. Unions are the necessary evil that business created.
A little story. Long ago I got a gig building transmissions. It took me about a month to get comfortable doing the gig and then I wanted to show the boss that I was a hard charger. One day I came in and I knocked out 20 transmissions in a single shift when normally we were expected to do 5. I thought I really kicked some ass and showed those slow as fucker that had been their 20 years. The next day the shop steward comes over to talk to me and I'm thinking he's going to be impressed that I could knock out that many transmissions in a single day. The dude very nicely reads me the riot act. He explains to me that while I can knock out 20 trans in a single day that I couldn't do it every day and I certainly couldn't do it every day for 20 years. He explains that we make 5 a day because we can guarantee quality and consistency and that is what the union negotiated with the company anything above that number we lose both quality and consistency. He then told me if I ever made more than 6 transmissions a day I'd get fired. There is a method to the madness.
pretty underage teen boy to hit on TD. He wouldn't give a shit if it was a female.....unless she was a fattie.
I hope you plan on running for office even if only at the local level. Good people are hard to find.
How did you make the mental transition from a Republican to a DS, the ideology seems so far apart to me. (My dad was a DS I'm pretty liberal but not that liberal)
He said he's going to donate the profits. "Profits" is the key word here because his hotels are highly leveraged so it might be years till there are actual profits. In the mean time all that sweet graft will go to pay for the maintenance, interest and payroll -none of which are profits.
insurance isn't a big deal, $100-150/month, but you are right HOAs can be expensive but it varies greatly depending on the building. For example there is a 3 unit condo on my block where the owners HOA is $80/month the owners switch off mowing the lawn and shoveling the snow, on the other hand you can buy a condo in a highrise and the sky is the limit depending on what the building offers.
Don't feel too bad I felt the same way 20 years ago
I believe this is regarding the rapture where 144,000 people will be taken to heaven body and soul before god comes down and kicks some holy ass and makes everyone suffer prior to being judged.
I think if they were really "going after" something they'd be suing the school district and the town, that's where the money is not a teachers liability insurance.
So....Mr President, let's talk about Russian hookers.
Where do you live? Osterman has a nice long swim, if you can get there before the lifeguards. Same goes for the beaches in Rogers Park. Lake Michigan is always murky, it's really just a fact of life. If you want to get away go to the Indiana Dunes (Kemmel beach) come early as the park spots disappear fast, you can swim a straight mile to the state park or go east to Beverly shores for about 1/2 mile. Either way it's open water with very few people and no lifeguards to tell you not to go in past you knees. An alternate if you are into crowds is to swim from West Beach to Ogden dunes
We always could challenge a professor when I was in college but you better have you fact straight or you are going to look like a fool. I think it's perfectly fine for a student to challenge a professor and I hope that if that student is wrong that the professor embarrasses them to the highest degree in front of their peers. Let the flat earthers speak so that we can all understand how stupid they all are.
I would be ok off loading our pension problems to the federal tax payer simple because Illinois is a cash cow for the fed, Illinois is in the top 5 maker states in the country and average $0.50 on the dollar of what we pay in to what we get back, Indiana on the other hand leaches off Illlinois and the fed with ~$1.35 back for every dollar they put in. I'm okay with taking care of the states that need the money (I'm not so okay with the zero tax states being on the list) either we are a union where we help each other out were money is needed or we are just a collection of states with a shared military. IF we are a union, Illinois needs some help and it's time for everyone else to pony up. If we are a collection of states then they can all fuck off and give me all those tax dollars we pay in back and we can solve our own problems.
Then it's likely not to happen as the Senate bill is going to be different than the house bill so even if it does pass the Senate it has to go back to the house for a vote where it will likely get tweaked to pass and then back to the Senate where if it doesn't happen in the next 17 days it's done. I truly believe they don't want t pass it, it will really hurt the red states the most and if it does they are done. The bill is already less popular than syphilis.
I'd love to see the Dems take the house in 2018 but as history has shown us the Dems have little to no back bone. When the Dems took the House and Senate in 2007 what did they do, nothing. There was a highly unpopular president that likely lied the United States into a war, a war that has now lasted 14 years. Bush needed to be impeaches and the Dems sat on their hands because "Impeachment is off the table". Why does anything think the Dems have enough balls to impeach Trump? They might spend the next 2-6 year investigating the president and his crones but they will only investigate, they love Trump in office because as they found out with Obama and the Republicans are finding out now, it's much easier to lob bombs and be outraged than to actually govern. The Dems run looser candidates and if by chance they loose they run the same damn candidate again later, they play softball politics in a hardball world. Don't expect much if anything from the Democrats no matter what happens.
Why not, she's a good soldier. The DNC/Obama made a deal with her after she lost in 2008 that she would get the next shot. She got her shot now she needs to pay the piper.
I pulled 2 workouts within the last 45 days and how you program is really irrelevant because if you are not following HQ you are not doing Crossfit (so says HQ). If you are just flying the CF banner to get people in the door and you do actual programming great, but again that isn't really CF.
I don't know which the right loves move draft dodgers and deserters, Trump, Bush II and Ted Nugent or the military. They claim to "support the troops" but the elect chicken hawks and draft dodgers. I don't see how those mental gymnastics work
Don't forget, while the ACA was past along partisan lines it passed with 60 votes not 51. Second, the ACA had 161 Republican amendments to the bill, so while none of the the Republicans voted for the bill they certainly had input into the bill. The current Trump/Ryan Care bill has ZERO Democratic input. I believe this is a real example of ramming a bill down the peoples throats.
It's not misleading in the sense that the Dems have ZERO amendments of any type in the Republican bill. And let's not forget that the ACA, a real POS bill in my opinion, was based on Romney care/ The Heritage Foundation's health care plan -Republican plans.
I really believe that the Republicans don't want the ACA repealed, it's been their great boogeyman for the last 7 years, why would they want to kill it. The house barely passed a horrible bill that had no chance of getting through the Senate. The Senate is going to pass an equally horrible bill that will have no chance of passing in the house. I bet once the Senate bill passes, if it could pass, the Republicans will declare victory and walk away from the ACA completely. Most Americans are too stupid to realize the bill won't become law, they'll just remember the bud fest in the Rose garden and think it was repealed. Remember facts don't really matter anymore and if someone calls them on it they'll just blame the Dems for obstruction.
At this point in your journey you are training to finish a 5K, since you are not looking to race you should just focus on two things covering the distance and most importantly not getting injured. Let me repeat myself, cover the distance AND DON'T GET INJURED. Guess which of the two is most important, NOT GETTING INJURED. There are a laundry list of ways to fuck yourself up when you begin running, you can get shin splints (very common), you can pull muscles, you can injure tendons, etc, etc but my guess it you don't want to do any of those things so you need to start off slow, let your body get used to the pounding, walk more than you run for the first few weeks, run on grass or dirt and stay off of hard surfaces. When you get to the point where you can run a mile without stopping comfortably (that means being able to have a conversation while you are running and not feel like you are out of breath) take a step back and do the C25K program, it's easy and works. The reason I'd suggest you train to run a comfortable mile first is you will have more success when you start training for the 5K.
How much do you weigh, how tall are you, sex, age. what kind of training are you doing now?
An agility ladder isn't going to make you faster, unless you are a complete beginner and then any stimulus is going to work. It can be used for a warm up but that's about it.
You have a short memory, remember Bush the lessor? "Impeachment is off the table", and that was for lying us into a war. FFS, what does it take to impeach a president, I guess sex is the only answer right now.
probably weaker. HRC was a weak candidate but Dems have a habit of running candidates who have lost (Finegold, Mondale) in the past and then scratching their heads when they lose again. Bernie energized 40% of the Democratic party (and the younger less involved portion which is great) unfortunately they really believed they were 60% of the party so when HRC got the nod they were really offended and stayed at home as young, less involved Democrats tend to do.
The reason your roads don't have curbs and sewer grates are because you can't afford them or don't want to pay for them. What you do have, police, firemen, teachers, electricity, internet, etc are highly subsidized by the urban areas. The only reason you have paved roads at all is due to the fed paying for them so you can get your goods to market. If you want to talk about farming let's talk about the farm bill which floods rural America with billions of dollars to grow and not grow crops and that doesn't even take into account the fact that the government props up prices.
Actually we don't even think about you, you don't really matter. The only time you matter is when you elect idiots to government. Since you are over represented we have to deal with the tyranny of the minority. When I do think about rural America I'm saddened because I grew up in small towns in the mid-west and they used to be nice places where you could raise your kids and while not necessarily worldly they tended to be open minded and valued education, now the mid-west just looks like the south filled with yokels and bible thumpers.
It's not that there isn't culture or things to do but you must admit that it is limited. I live in city will millions of people my options are endless and that is just not the case in a town of 40,000.
That's so cute, three Republicans out of 52 think that creating a bill that affects 1/6 our economy and over 10% of the population shouldn't be done in secret, that's awfully white of them. I know, maybe they could collectively send Mitch a sternly worded letter expressing their concern because I promise you at least one of the three will cave and vote for the bill no matter what. Remember party over country!
No point arguing with this goofball, he's too dense to understand that he and his shithole state would dry up and blow away without somebody else's money (a lot of that money from Chicago). He's from farm country, maybe he's unfamiliar with the multibillion dollar farm bill which pay that pays his neighbors money to grow and not grow crops and feed their little ragamuffins at school for free. It also props up the prices of crops because nobody wants to buy their shitty corn. Let's also take into account that Indiana is a welfare state that gets ~$1.35 for every dollar they put in federal taxes, as you know Illinois gets about $0.50 and while we talking about takers Indiana sends about 50,000 workers over the state line into Illinois to work every day while Illinois only sends 20,000. Guys like RRaVenn make me laugh, they actually think that they are making it on their own but in reality they are sucking on the government teat to survive, thank god urban America cares enough to support them.
asshole. If Illinois tax dollars weren't being shipped all over the country to support some low tax, red state utopia and kept at home we would zero budget issues. Since that's not going to happen citizens will just have to endure another 2 years of the my way or the highway govenor before we can get back to business.
Three, three! You gotta be fucking kidding me. 74 million people will be affected but this shitty bill and only three out of fifty two actually consider that a problem. Fuck them.
The entire state of West Virginia is on Medicaid (and meth), Joe likes his job he's not cutting anything.
Fifteen is fine, go to the gym, lift heavy weights and start eating.
People like the Kennedys, very wealthy but they believe in the liberal view point and put their money where their mouth is. There are a lot of wealthy people who are liberal, having money doesn't always make you a cheap shit.
I think the regional COL is unnecessary, people that live in more costly areas tend to make more and in the end will get more. I know a lot of older people who when they retire move to a less costly area. The Democrats plan looks great, it just ups the cap from ~127K to 400K which I don't really see a problem with most people don't even know there is a cap where you stop paying into SSI. I'm coming up on 50 and have been paying into SSI since I was 15, the Republicans idea for raising the age to 69 is infuriating, I'm hoping to god I can make it to 62.5, I'll likely be dead by 69.
Hi Gen X'er here. My wife and I don't have kids but every year I pay large sums of money to support the schools, WIC and head start, I do this happily as I consider taxes part of being in a civilized society. I really hope that when I get older I will be independent and when the time comes I will die quickly but what if I don't? There are no kids to take care of me or my wife, where do I go? What about yourself, you could be in the same position as me even if you don't think it's possible or have different plans. We as a country need to wise up and start realizing we need to take better care of each other or we're going to be in deeper trouble than we are now.
Just to be clear the cap wouldn't be removed as much as reset to 400K, which would capture ~95% of all earners in the US, current cap only captures 91-92% IIRC
"I consider taxes part of being in a civilized society." Unfortunately there is a large section of the population that think taxes are theft, these people usually live in states that are taker states and their usage of the commons exceeds their input. Europe is nice.
it's about 23-27%, you saw the same thing with Bush II there was just nothing he could do or say that they didn't agree with and I'd bet they are the same people lining up for the Donald.
The free market solution is simple; you keep raising wages until people take the job. Problem solved, next.
Simple, have two printed copies. You put one in one box and the other in another box. They know how many people voted so there should be that many ballots. The number should be the same in both boxes. The boxes should be counted both mechanically and by hand separately and the numbers should all be the same. If the numbers don't add up you figure out why. The totals can be faxed in to a central office and released via the internet at the same time so everyone can keep a running total. It's not that hard.
Florida was warned by the ballot company that the type of card stock they chose would cause hanging chads. Of course the Sectary of State was the chairman of the Bush campaign so she didn't give a shit, it was in the bag for Bush II in Florida before any person ever got the chance to vote.
Go to the Secratary of State website and there is a database of gifts given to the president (all presidents), the gifts vary from autographed pictures to rare art. All of these gifts are cataloged, valued and taken by the SOS, everything. The point is the President and his family and pretty much anyone that works for the government are not allowed to take anything of any value from anyone as it is considered a bribe. I do quite a bit of work with the federal government and I can't buy my escort a soda after I've inconvenienced him for an entire week because it's considered a bribe. There is no way that a sitting president can have foreign agents openly spending money at his hotels and clubs and it not be considered a bribe.
Clandestine agent also known as a useful idiot, what else do you call an agent of another country operating as POTUS?
Republicans were really pissed when Clinton got a blow job and embarrassed the country and let's not forget how angry they were when Obama went on an "apology tour". Now that we live in bizzaro America making America look bad is a good thing.
I travel internationally quite a bit and I try to blend in and not be the ugly American. Sadly, I scream American, I'm big, I have an "outside" voice, I like to wear running shoes at all times, aside from wearing a [sleeveless flag shirt](http://www.theflagshirt.com/Sleeveless-American-Flag-Shirt-p/ch-sleeveless-flag-shirt.htm) and carrying a camera everywhere I am what you think of when you think American abroad. I just remember when we were in Spain just after Obama got elected (my wife had an Obama button on here backpack), we were in a restaurant and some random guy came up and handed my wife a note and left. The note was thanking us for electing Obama and how he loved America but since Bush II was in office it just wasn't the same place and how he wanted to love America again. I can't imagine what that guy is thinking now.
Chicago is doing just [fine](http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/ct-mega-developments-ryan-ori-0625-biz-20170621-column.html)
Maybe if they stopped doing bad things they wouldn't have to be afraid to the people who put them in office.
Or will we ban robots in many areas simply so people do have jobs. Go to New JErsey and you can't pump your own gas, FFS full service gas stations pretty much ended by the 70's and yet every gas station in NJ is manned by humans. Same could be done in areas of manufacturing and other areas where a robot can do the job but we as a society decide that a robot won't do the job(s)
Exactly, I didn't have health insurance from 22 till I was 27, if I had gotten sick or injured I would have been screwed. Young people are very luck today because they can stay on their parents health insurance well into adulthood, we did have that option (thank you ACA). I knew lots of people like me and when they did get sick/hurt it wasn't pretty, it was either they just suffered, went in to huge debit or ended up being an experiment for a med student which still was expensive but better than a real doctor.
The problem with insurance and healthcare is pools, competition is not a good thing you want the largest pool possible to spread the risk the furthest. The way to get the biggest pool is to have only one pool where everyone carries to load -simply put single payer is the cheapest method.
What are you talking about Asians had lots of good [roles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJP5f-fsHrs)
The Navy did actively recruit gays in the late [70's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmGuy0jievs)
That's not really an excuse either. Take a quick look at the numbers, just a little over 55% of eligible voters actually vote, that leaves another 45% of the electorate available to vote for a good candidate -but they don't. The under 34 vote is less than 50%, they are the largest voting block in the country right now so just getting that number up to the average would flip the script. Dems should never lose a Senate race with the exception of 3-5 states. Democrats should never lose a presidential race and if they got off their collectively lazy asses and started running good candidates in local and state races they wouldn't have to complain about gerrymandering and they'd never lose a house seat either. Excuses, excuses, excuses, just except the fact the Dems run shitty candidates and are too freaking lazy to vote.
exactly. If we are in danger I would have though that the ban would have gone into affect immediately.
Really, Chuck GRassley was a freaking farmer. If he didn't get elected he'd be sitting at home right now pray for is government corn subsidy. Dan Lipinski is only a congressman because his daddy gave him the job. The list goes on and on, some of these guys were rich to start with but there is a large segment that made their money via legal graft, that congressmen can do but ordinary people would go to jail for (think insider trading). Finally the only reason these people make large sums of money after they've been is congress it that people hire them in hopes that they can influence existing congressmen, no ethics issue there.
Ryan just likes to workout, but he's from Wisconsin, so likely he'd just stand around the keg so people would think he's one of the cool kids but in reality he's drinking water and is pissed -hence the killing of old sick people.
Do like they did in college, they had 4 room suites with a common area. They're adults so no real room mates but you try to have equal number of people from each party in the suite. I could support that, it seems pretty silly to me that a congressman is sleeping on an air mattress in their office.
Obviously if we are going to give them a government subsidy for housing we should make them all take a drug test, it's the only way we can assure that they won't blow it on drugs. Fair is fair.
I gotta ask you, how much lower do you want interest rates to go? a 30y fixed is around 4%, I remember in the 80's it was around 12%. If anything interest rates need to rise. Other than that you are spot on.
my old man fought like hell for that bridge and the round abouts.
I think Joe and Mika need to get a little dirty and hit Trump back 10Xharder...quit expecting him to the do right thing. Tell him is dick is small and he's fat and going bald. Ask him about his Russian hookers/bride. For gods sake the man is a walking talking joke, go for it.
Ask Donny small Hands why he can't keep a woman. Is he so inadequate that his own wife doesn't want to live with him and two others have left him. Then again he's so busy keeping Putin happy he probably doesn't have time for his wife...that's why it's rumored he has to pay for hookers. Send him off the deep end. No point in playing nice.
Just a quick search, the median HS teachers salary in Chicago is ~61K and the median HS teachers salary in Macom (just picked it out the air) is ~47K. You can't do a 1:1 correlation of an urban areas expenses vs a rural areas expenses.
they are talk show hosts not Pulitzer prize winners, they are a Jerry Springer, it's fine for the to wallow in the mud. It's the president who is acting beneath his office.
No doubt go after his worth but he really considers himself a ladies man. Questioning his ability to satisfy beautiful women will make him fly off the handle.
