Nope. I have yet to be in any, although I have filmed some police doing traffic stops. They had zero interest in me. Which I guess is actually a good thing.
I think I remember reading it does have something to do with their State Constitution that allowed them to have a specific dual purpose checkpoint. I am not sure where I remember hearing about it though.
I remember my test and i backed halfway into the spot and the guy said that was good enough and to move on. I was like uhh ok.
It is understandable to be angry if the thing is flying around your backyard and possibly videoing your family. I guess the question is, how is airspace defined over ones personal property?
Check the other video. They follow him in his car and then pull him over after claiming he didnt stop completely at a stop sign. They also immediately open his door when they walk up.
I'm a bit perplexed at the downvotes against a few of the people because there are certainly times, for example, during a trial where you have waived your 5th or during a court proceeding where it does not apply. Now technically I suppose you could still refuse to answer questions or make statements in those situations, but it could have an adverse effect.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsAVbxzpos) of him being arrested, handcuffed, then unarrested. [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhdQR5_L124) being finally told to leave the property.
/r/ttotm is leaking.
I have to assume the keys thing falls under the "officer safety" umbrella.
I was going to do a text post on this issue but I'll just write it here. Is an accident scene treated the same as a police call to investigate a criminal complaint in terms of giving statements? Do insurance carriers require you give a statement about what took place in the accident? Is it still best to just say you don't have anything to say?
It should really be as simple as "I will consult with my lawyer before I givea statement on the accident". And as far as the confiscation of keys goes, that has been done in other videos on what appears to be a routine traffic stop. They will simply say that it is ok to seize them because they are worried you may drive off (endangering the public), or use it as a weapon (theirs and others safety).
I know that the casino's I've been to, that you have to fill out tax forms if you win over a certain amount of money. I am not sure when it involves a situation like this guys where he is being asked to leave for counting cards. It would seem more reasonable that they want his ID so they can have him trespassed but initially it seems the sole reason they want his ID is because they suspect he counted cards and want to know who he is before they cash him out and tell him to not come back.
Yeah [here is the article](http://www.nj.com/eagles/index.ssf/2015/06/does_chip_kelly_lecture_in_2008_explain_eagles_swa.html). Innes is just doing some racial trolling. You can almost hear it in his voice. Race talk makes for lots of calls.
He is. The entire bit is fake racial outrage to get listeners fired up and call in.
Was the rationale that he could have been mentally disturbed?
Could this be the EMS News guy from youtube? I am 99% sure he had the video of him being involved with filming the radar van. And interestingly enough, his videos are no longer available without having permission to view.
A few of my friends are teachers and movie day usually means they are hungover.
I just realized it wouldn't look very professional if they ever had to give "HurricaneSandyHook" credit for finding videos.
He had some great videos. I have a feeling he made them private while this lawsuit stuff is being panned out.
I always try to include a news article if available. Most of the time there just isn't any though because the video is too new. People do downvote strangely though. Do bots downvote in smaller subs like this?
I think sometimes people are prepared to exercise their rights but then encounter police that also know the law and act appropriately. The encounter suddenly goes in a direction the citizen is not prepared for. The only thing I can see him being upset about is that they are photographing his license plate and likely will run the tag. I am pretty sure though that the police can run anyone's tag whenever they want as long as they are not doing so as part of some personal reason.
This guy is notorious for holding up signs that say motherfucker. I heard him call into a radio show before about a previous incident with police. I think he would have a better case if he just held up his sign instead of yelling. Even not saying curse words can get you arrested for disorderly conduct if the cops are bored and decide your yelling is causing others within earshot any sort of alarm. Seen that a million times on Campus PD.
I can see them increasing the structural integrity of a dick.
Especially liked this because the trooper asked about a license but didn't demand to see it. He may have known the guy was filming but still good work on both parties part.
There is also the possibility that state troopers are more educated than the run of the mill town and city cop. I like to think they know more of how to behave but they also likely know of all the videos that exist and what the guy "is trying to do".
I know some people don't agree with me on this, but there are questions you can answer that are not going to be incriminating. If you know you have a valid license, saying you do isn't going to hurt you.
I do think that if a person is worried they are not prepared to deal with the police, then don't talk at all unless you are being detained and have to give your identifying information in the state you live in.
I've thought about this and I believe if I ever have to tell a cop that I don't want to talk to them, I am going to go with something that gets the point across yet also deflects some "asshole" sounding statement in the cops mind. I am thinking "I will not speak any further on the advice of my attorney." They may now not be sure if you are "one of those youtube people" or actually following legal advice from counsel.
Must have just happened overnight. I did hear in it that other people were filming so I will keep an eye out for alternate views of the incident.
[Article](http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2015/06/03/new-brighton-woman-says-police-are-harassing-her/). I posted the youtube video because it mentions at the very end that the last time they showed up, they just walked right in the house.
I was going to skip in the link but I figured people would be interested in knowing that he contacted the PD about the event.
Let's sue OP for being a serial reposter and try to get Reddit even more press coverage and traffic due to the frivolousness.
I couldn't tell if that person just didn't read or was being a simple troll. Some people read only the headline or opening paragraph and go right to the comments with what they *think* the story is about.
[Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuFfULiTC2Y). nothing exciting but his crazy aunt says something pretty sad/laughable.
*Baker said Rupeka was under arrest for disorderly conduct, though he was later charged with having an obstructed view, resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration.* The obstructed view charge was obviously added after the fact because the cop knew he royally fucked up the RAS/PC for the stop.
i just checked and someone did and it was downvoted. it only has one comment and those people are pretty damn serious over in that sub: Well, he isn't 501st, so I would wager they made the right call. That kit is horrible. Even Rubies doesn't make crap like that.
Oh. Then I must have seen a repost because it was at zero. Someone that said they used to live in that city made this comment: The reality is the principal called 911 and the police pretty much had to arrest the guy once that happened. Lynn police are very easy going, but sometimes their hands are tied. ooook then
Johnny Rebel
How many hits with a bat before the punishment for purse snatching is fulfilled? This is important to know if ever in either persons place.
[discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/31m65k/owensboro_kentucky_police_violate_rights/) on this video if anyone is interested.
You are right. In fact he should have been summarily executed.
They seemed to be using that in a very tricky manner to try and get the guy to take the FST's. I take that as yes, you must stop and "submit" to the checkpoint, but that has nothing to do with remaining silent or refusing to take any pre-arrest sobriety tests.
I have to admit that I giggled at his reason for wanting to talk to them. As for the blinds being put down, is it against the law for a citizen to use those radar or FLIR devices, that the police and fbi use, to look into a public building like that sheriffs office? That would make a great video if they drop the blinds and the cameraman hits a button to flip to some other form of filming.
I thought about the speaker system before but also wondered what they would do if you wore those yellow nighttime glasses at a dui checkpoint. Window never rolled down and they cannot clearly see your eyes. This would be an interesting test to conduct but you likely would end up arrested anyway. Would be great to try if you have a disposable income. This is something I'd love to do if I hit the lottery.
Or, as we saw in the first match of the fighting pits this episode, Jorah turns into an uncontrollable half dragon half man, breathes fire and looks terrifyingly huge, and Tyrion casually chops off his head.
What about using the phrase for a girl that wants you to talk dirty to her but that is all you can come up with on the spot?
I give the kid extra credit for using the soap or whatever it was as a blinding agent at the end of part 2.
I thought Vanessa was going to bring John after Ethan told her he couldn't attend. That may have ended an actual bloodbath involving his arm through Victor's chest.
hahaha this one did leave me a little stumped as to why. I can understand the entire post since the link is now dead, but the video is everywhere now and people can find it easily.
In case you missed it, [here is the story &amp; video](http://petapixel.com/2015/06/05/firefighters-try-to-shoot-down-camera-drone-with-their-hoses/)
[This is the only way I've ever dressed when I've gone to Disney](http://i.imgur.com/y368QqN.jpg). (Slightly NSFW)
[2nd one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UaQKmNtGMU)
I hope it isn't a reposter account. I figured it being a few years old and not having many views, it may have been missed being posted here.
Ahh ok. Usually someone comes along and figures out the original. I don't think it is a big deal if it is a reposter, if the video is old and hasn't been seen by many people.
They would fail anyway because everyone is still clinging to them and their bibles.
This was a strange one because on one hand, as you mentioned, he is obviously breaking the law by soliciting fares but they also tell him to leave the property, and then proceed to block his car in and stand around for several minutes trying to do who knows what. Also, if any Uber drivers are in this sub, why would you need to solicit fares when people just use the App to hire you? Is business slow for him so he wants to just try to grab some customers that may be unaware of the service?
[this article](http://www.thewire.com/national/2013/04/boston-door-to-door-searches-legal/64461/) is more mainstream and basically says the raids were legal and people did not have to stay in their homes. That I guess is a point of contention based on the police presence and their actions. An interesting part of the article reads: It seems unlikely that many residents of Watertown felt like exploring that particular legal nuance by refusing the police entry. Nor is it not clear if any did; a spokesman for the Watertown police department didn't answer a question to that effect.
The alleged bicyclist responded in a different sub. [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/396g0p/found_this_on_bike_dc_delaware_cop_threatens_dc/cs0ucyr)
That is definitely one of those things where a person may act differently than normal. I am very active in /r/amifreetogo so I see videos of people having their rights violated all the time. I know it is a cliche but if people don't exercise their rights, the lose them. That being said, I cannot 100% say that I would refuse consent in an active manhunt of that magnitude. Another option people have is simply not answering the door. If the police are going to come in, they are going to come in.
I saw that but then saw the youtube summary. Sometimes the date on the video is wrong as well so I couldn't be certain.
I believe he had his cell phone on him. I was getting really nervous they would just start going through it when they realized he was willing to take this all the way.
I remember looking at a National Geographic back in the day at school and finding some jungle tribe section with a picture of a 6 or 7 year old child with 2 cocks. I made sure to show that to as many people as I could. I think i cut out the page and kept it but I have no idea where it is all these years later.
I'd assume he would while out doing this test but one can never be certain. It almost would be better NOT to have it locked in a situation like this. They would be piling on to the already existing lawsuit if they started going through it.
Chimpout exists here as well.
[Does this Spiderman video help?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yIvxZ_5ekA)
Don't underestimate the police departments lawyers. They will do and twist everything they can if it goes to a civil trial. Prepare for claims of "the current terrorism threat", "anti-law enforcement sentiment", "filming their private vehicles for xyz"....
I just watched all of Enterprise again on Netflix. My question is, would the crew of Enterprise browse /r/picsofhorsevaginas between fighting the Xindi, Suliban, Augments, Romulans, Terra-Prime(ians), etc?
Lee vs. The Ancients &amp; Ori
Ondy Rochter
This goes beyond the cops. The DOT has the info set up whatever way on his DL that it causes police dispatch to also give out the wrong information. If the dispatcher tells the cop that his entire license is coming back "disqualified" or suspended or whatever they want to call it, it isn't the cops job to start asking the dispatcher to check with this person and that person to make sure it is right.
In case anyone is new here, I compiled a list of [All 50 States DL Display Laws](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/2fp4jq/specific_laws_for_all_50_states_regarding/) a while back.
It was so long ago I don't remember how I found it. It had something to do with AIM.
No problem. That took me over 12 hours to finish but it is for a good cause. I will do another one lazy sunday.
I might be out there on this point, but I couldn't care less about words that some people consider "bad". It is so stupid that we place emphasis and highlight certain words just because people one day decided it wasn't appropriate to say. What I didn't like anout the video is the physical violence the kid is showing toward her doll. That is what should be addressed first and foremost.
In one video where police turned cameras so they couldn't be filmed during a raid, they later said it was done in case "other people" were watching the feed and plotting to show up and attack them....
This might not sounds politically correct, but you'd have to literally have an makeup artist paint you brown. Sad that race is the obvious catalyst to many of his illegal detainments.
A cheaper and simple method would to just put on a turban while filming.
It was very recent because even when Ferguson was going on, it wasn't on the books. I remember checking for Open Carry laws in Missouri during that and it was insane how pockmarked this one map was of the different towns and cities that had different rules regarding it.
I hear this argument all the time and all I can do is shake my head. If they don't want people open carrying, then they can change the law. Don't blame the citizens for exercising the rights the government gave them.
RIP Travis :-(
The new ice bucket challenge....successfully finish fapping to never gonna give you up.
something about shoving my pistil in her stamen
Get that child a medal and DNA test if it suffered from SIDS....
Cops cannot just go up to anyone they want in a car and ask for your DL if no law has been broken. There could be an argument that they could demand her ID if they actually had seen her going in or trying to get in the vacant house as the caller claimed.
Notice she never said she liked her fucking whore doll either.
Is there an explanation of how "more money" would have made her flying away look better?
Ahh ok. I was genuinely interested because I see a lot of people talking about it but never get an actual reason why it is that way. It is obvious that "more money" can make things better but I was just wondering about the technical dynamics behind the reasoning.
It is almost sad to listen to that cop racking his brain trying to come up with reasons to make the stop lawful. It goes from making sure the driver is ok to suspicious activity to failure to maintain a lane to careless driving. I may be missing some hahaha.
I live in the USA and there is still a bar in my area that charges 1 dollar for a pint for the major brands like miller, coors, and bud.
Anyone know the protocol for tipping when it comes to the actual owner working behind the bar?
What if she says those words to King White Walker dude?!
This is one of those weird things that I can understand them needing to inventory a vehicle before it is impounded so the owner cannot claim something was taken that was never there in the first place. On the other hand, you are screwed if they find anything illegal.
I believe he was driving on a suspended license. It's just an interesting exception where not giving consent for them to go through your car does not matter. That being said, I imagine the law on this issue only gives them a certain latitude on what they can do as far as looking through a vehicle. Obviously an inventory check wouldn't include them searching behind your door panels and stuff like that.
Jurassic Annihilation: Dinosaurs vs. Tremors vs. Critters vs. Ghoulies.
It's times like that where recipes from [cookingwithcum](http://cookingwithcum.com/) come in handy.
also, dr. bashir is sitting in a wheelchair instead of transporting his troops around the world to seize power.
He is pointing out the stupidity of asking every person passing through if they are a US citizen when the true scope of the checkpoints is to have the dogs find contraband.
Maybe just a half-hearted rimjob to get things started?
That is crazy! I'd love if there is more information on this subject. I suppose all a person can do is make sure they are recording and tell them they do not consent anyway.
Ok that is splitting hairs but you are right that you can walk up and ASK anyone for ID. They cannot just walk up and demand ID when there is no RAS/PC. And the police cannot force me to give my ID just because someone calls 911 and says they think I am suspicious walking down the street. Even in stop &amp; ID states, they cannot lawfully ID someone who is suspicious unless they believe the person has or is about to commit a crime. Being suspicious is not a crime. The problem is that if you are arrested for failure to ID, a judge would likely side with the police on whatever RAS they allege they have, since the threshold is so low.
I've seen a few videos of the police telling someone filming them that they have to stop because the phone could be an improvised weapon.
I do not need to explain myself if I am walking down a street at 3AM and someone gets nervous and calls 911 just because they don't think people should be walking around at that hour. Sure you have to respond to the call, but if that is the only reason given to you for the call, then you can ask for my ID, but I do not have to give it to you. Perfect case and point being the guy who was arrested for failure to ID because someone called the cops on him for videotaping traffic lights at a late hour of the night. [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSgtWa3hxA8) and [PINAC article](http://photographyisnotacrime.com/2015/03/ohio-man-arrested-for-video-recording-traffic-lights/).
I'm looking up some news articles of people being arrested for running onto fields. In [this example](http://www.ktbs.com/story/23047181/man-arrested-after) the charge appears to be "remaining after forbidden" (didn't know that existed hahaha), [in this one](http://www.indystar.com/story/sports/nfl/colts/2014/10/20/fan-who-stormed-field-at-colts-game-arrested/17615447/) she is charged with criminal trespassing, disorderly conduct and resisting law enforcement. [In this one](http://nypost.com/2012/06/03/die-hard-mets-fan-arrested-after-running-onto-field-following-santanas-no-hitter/) the guy is charged with "interfering with a sporting event" (another crime I did not know existed). There is also this [strange case](http://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2015/1/3/7489339/steelers-fan-tweets-hell-run-on-field-for-rts-steelers-kick-him-out) where a kid got ejected, but not arrested, for merely threatening via twitter that he was going to run on the field.
Something else interesting is how will the police and even a judge determine what is "profane language"? Is telling a cop "suck my dick!" the same as telling him "suck my D!"? How about if i whisper my profanity to the cop so there is no doubt that only he can hear it? These ridiculous profanity laws always bring up the broader social point that there are people who sincerely become offended that certain words in languages are actually "bad" and should not be said. Think about how fucking stupid that is.
I searched for state laws regarding it and kept finding local ordinances so I'm not sure what is up with that in regards to the state. I'm not saying the police cannot investigate. That is their job. I'm saying that unless they are going to come up with a valid reason to get her ID, sitting in a car in front of a vacant house does not cut it. I'm sure you already know that even in high crime neighborhoods, you cannot just pull over a car because of the area they are in. Police typically will follow the car that they suspect may be up to something and wait for the vehicle to break some minor traffic law before they initiate the stop. I've seen that dozen of times on shows like COPS. Police see some white guy leaving a drug neighborhood and follow him until he forgets to stop completely at a stop sign or they see his tag light is out. Then they start peppering him with questions about why he is in that neighborhood.
Not shitting my diaper is futile.
I am unaware of even a stop and ID state allowing vehicles or even just people to be stopped for merely being in a high crime neighborhood. Now, you saw the person leave a known drug house? Ok then I can see you basing that off of RAS. But just merely being seen walking or driving in one of those area's does not allow you to stop someone just because you think they may be up to no good. Now I know about [Illinois v. Wardlow](http://pinac-cdn.pinac.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Illinois_v._Wardlow) but that involves people running away without provocation. You are making it sound like you just stop people for no reason other than they are driving in a high crime neighborhood.
Oh ok well that makes more sense. The sad thing is that the people in those area's would likely not even have the means to challenge the reason for the stop anyway.
I understand that, but it is unlikely the criminals you do arrest even have the opportunity to realistically challenge their charges and the reason for the stop since they are likely going to just have a public defender and take a plea deal. I assume many of them don't even think about the reason for the stop and just focus on what they are arrested for.
There is some good content from the subscribers when I [originally posted this, exact same title and all](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/39o3wb/guy_is_pulled_over_lets_count_how_many_different/) 3 days ago.
I am all for people sharing links they find on other subs. It is definitely a good thing to get as many people to expose as many of these videos as possible. The only thing that caught me off guard was using the exact same title. I always try to use good reddiqquite and mention the X-post if I use a submission from this sub. It really is no big deal, but it is something so simple to do, that that is what bugs me a little.
I'm up for seeing some puppetry of the penis. Can you do the Baby Bird?
I'm sure there is some rule about non-approved electronics in dugouts. Question is, why didn't they simply call time out and explain to the umpire that something was wrong with the phone? I guess there wasn't technically *that* much time between realizing something was wrong with it and when they resorted to towel waving, but calling time out would seem the first logical thing to do.
I think I found the closest thing to the "noise ordinance" he was talking about. [This may be it](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). If that doesn't go right to it, it is section 58-21. I know it says amplifying equipment, but (b)1 mentions "50 feet" and section (a) makes it seemingly open to any noise. And I found the sidewalk obstruction code. It is pretty straightforward so he wasn't lying about it existing. [Here is that one](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). Sec. 91-3. Obstruction of streets prohibited. It shall be unlawful for any person to any extent, entirely or in part, to obstruct or encumber any portion of any street, alley, sidewalk or public ground in the city.
Plus section (a) being under the larger section of "Amplifying Equipment" makes it seem even more likely it wouldn't be applicable. I have a feeling lots of towns and cities have weird ordinances like this though. Just in that town, you can see other ones that outlaw obscene and lewd signs and stuff like that.
Also, I didn't want to make this an entire new post, but [here is another case](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaAkcbTex3E) of a city ordinance being used in a park. This time a supposed "solicitation" one being used to bar the collection of a ballot initiative.
Do black people think it's racist to call terrorists thugs?
I have to imagine that most female-on-male rape data has to do with teachers and students. Even if the male student wants it, the teacher still may get a rape charge. I'm sure there are other things too such as caregivers who perform different types of rapes on the mentally and/or physically incapacitated.
There is probably a lot more upkeep, but I always wanted to have a parrot or tortoise that would long outlive me just so I wouldn't have to deal with a beloved dog and/or cat dying every 10-15 years on average.
Those are the relevant cases because those would be the most likely to be actually reported. Usually due to other people witnessing the act or through gossip. We can come up with estimates on straight forward female-on-male rape, but they are going to be estimates because it is much more uncommon for men to report it. I am talking about straight up data and the circumstances behind each instance more often than not involving juveniles and the handicapped.
I would never get one without fully looking into the topic and talking to others. My uncles wife's family have had a parrot that is somewhere around the 40 year old mark. They were always able to have people at home though. The only living thing considered a pet in my home right now is a frog that is about an inch long. It just keeps living and living in its little square bowl of water home.
I would as long as they give me their victims to eat for a fair price.
I thought that was a can of pepper spray in the door. How does your state law define a concealed firearm? Is it anytime it is in your car even if it is in plain view?
If you google "virginia law spinning tires" you see several people on different websites have been charged with it as well. I would think it falls more in line with careless driving but that is only my opinion. It is stupid to charge someone with something so serious unless you are lighting up the tires on purpose just to show off or if you are drag racing.
Teach her a lesson and find some side cock of your own.
Maybe a shark? Shark week does seem to have already arrived for millions on the east coast of the US.
random poker question....is there a clear established rule on who wins between a royal flush with a joker and a 5 of a kind? this comes up sometimes when we play cards during our dart league. Also, I know a 6 of a kind isn't really a legitimate hand but I've gotten that already by getting both jokers and thought it was pretty damn awesome.
we play a pretty simple game. we play with a normal deck plus the 2 jokers. each person on each team get as many cards as they can throughout the game and at the end of the game, 3 cards from the deck are flopped. then whoever has the best hand wins. Recently the 3 cards were flopped at the end of the game and one of them was a joker. one guy had 10, jack, queen, king of diamonds so with the joker he had a royal. I had in my hand 3 5's and a joker. So 5 of a kind with the flop joker. Nobody was quite sure who won the money so we split it hahahaha.
he should go right back out with a sign that simply says POLICE AHEAD and see if he gets another ticket.
I believe a few of these have been posted before but it is nice to see the person behind them here in the sub. Keep up the good work.
I know I watched the HIPPA thing before. Honestly, maybe they weren't posted and I'm just remembering watching it but never posted it. I've made so many posts of videos from youtube that I can't remember anymore.
I always bring this topic up because I can never find an answer. You must stop at the sobriety checkpoint, but unless it is a state that specifically has "dual purpose" checkpoints, I cannot see how you must provide your DL since you have not committed a crime. Now OP brings up an interesting angle the police used. claiming your refusal to roll down the window (probably not against the law either), constitutes RAS that you are under the influence and therefore gives them the right to demand your DL.
[conclusion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLA9y0HQ-R4). Not much action in these videos but it is interesting that they just made him sit there for over 10 minutes.
Why does California specifically designate the checkpoints to be of a dual purpose? Isn't the "primary scope" of a checkpoint also something that comes into play? Also, many checkpoint videos, the police don't even ask for a DL if they are doing it solely for sobriety. There could be an issue that by exercising your rights by not answering their questions, and THEN being asked to produce your DL, is basically them getting angry and wanting to just run your name.
And there isn't even a plaque, or a signpost or a statue of him in that town!
I loved the Under Siege movies and I loved Erika Eleniak's tits. Now if only Katherine Heigl would have showed hers in Under Siege 2.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I often say, why don't police just call them "safety checkpoints" all the time? They can get your DL and still find people who are intoxicated. It seems like an easy way to circumvent the single purpose scope. Maybe I'm missing something as to why they just don't do it like that all the time though.
I keep 000 buck as the first shot and then alternate between that and a slug until full.
I have gone to wawa and sheetz one after another to gorge myself. Sheetz though is obviously superior when it comes to pure choices of food.
Cossacks: The Battle for Endor. (The actual city in Israel) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I hope you realize that people that live around there have no choice but to go through it every day of their lives.
I DONT EAT BABIES!!!!
I had a dove fly into a skylight and knock itself out. the thing fell a good 20 feet and I figured it was dead. Until I went looking and the bastard popped back up and scared me shitless.
I suppose condom dildo's full of frozen shit are clean on the outside?
I don't know about your Sir Malcolm question but in [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/PennyDreadful/comments/3apphf/would_love_to_know_your_thoughts_on_what_happened/) you can probably get some answers about Lily.
There it is. That is vile. I sadly always have that image in my mind when I smell a skunk.
These border agents always have the same stock response to anyone who doesn't want to answer their questions at these internal checkpoints. They always bring up the law that allows the checkpoints. It has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that a person's right to remain silent and/or not answer questions remains fully intact. I suppose it is their way to try and trick people who are not that well-informed and to get them to talk.
[youtube link of press conference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU52ObgWdEE). So, this is interesting because these guys actually loaded their weapons in the store. From most open carriers I have seen, nobody EVER loads their weapon out in public. I assumed that could get you busted for "manner to calculate alarm" or something else.
It sounds like they wanted to charge them with something but must have been on the phone for some time with the DA and realized it would be a bad idea. I'm still amazed that it was within the law to load the gun right there in the middle of the store.
That's cute that he is literally demanding the guys ID to make sure he lives in that building. Next he will ask him why he isn't wearing the designated symbol on his shirt to identify himself as an American.
The video says and it sounds like he says "Don't Go To Church And Get Hurt" after they curse him out. If the video is genuine, that has to be the most idiotic thing to say after recent events.
People on Reddit normally identify OP as a bundle of sticks, so a Faggot Tree Hugger might not be too far off.
Someone needs to drive through the next checkpoint in Utah with a hundred or more air fresheners strewn across their seats just to screw with them. Also, does every single checkpoint have to be signed off on by a judge?
I was wishing they would have done that too! He may have got on his radio and declared and emergency for an unruly mob.
Go for it! Although getting lucky and being near a checkpoint while visiting might be tough.
[link to municipal codes](http://www.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Texas/longviewtx/cityoflongviewtexascodeofordinances?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:longview_tx). Article II. Amplifying Equipment Sec. 58-21. Loud, raucous noises prohibited; prohibited noises enumerated, exceptions. (a) It is unlawful to make, continue, or cause to be made or continued any loud or raucous noise which: (1) is offensive to persons in the vicinity thereof; (2) substantially impairs the peaceable enjoyment of public or private property; or (3) causes material distress, discomfort, or injury to persons of ordinary sensibilities in the area. (b) The following acts, among others, are loud and raucous noises, and are unlawful: (1) the playing of any radio, stereo, phonograph, musical instrument, or similar device in such manner or with such volume so as to be heard at least 50 feet away, or so as to offend persons in the vicinity; How can he possibly use this section when the entire thing is under "Amplifying Equipment"?
Whatever they said, the guys seem pretty alarmed and outraged.
just remember, FLÜGGÅӘNKб€ČHIŒßØLĮÊN.
OP will say that stepdad feeds it some type of nuts and people will chime in saying that those nuts will make it sick.
911 operators are always on tape giving a person basic information. They don't just say "ok, we'll send an ambulance" and hang up if you are standing there with your purple-faced choking on a hot dog toddler.
How does that happen then to eggs you buy at the store? I know it is uncommon but it does happen. So groooosssss
I guess I'm just thinking of a "doomsday scenario" where there literally is nobody working there to issue it. I assume there HAS to be someone there that has the lawful ability to issue them at all times though.
Yeah, I think at that point it would be chaos. I think most of the people that have refused to issue the licenses will quickly change their tune now that they can be hit where it hurts: the pocketbook.
I also just want someone to explain the technicalities of the issue so I can further understand the attorney generals statement. It makes no sense to downvote the core question of the issue. I guess some people just assume asking questions means you are against it.
I definitely can see something crazy like it happening because people tend to go to extremes when their "faith" comes into play. But like I also said, it may end quickly once they learn that they can be held liable.
I love the remarks at [14m22s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD8pazXmFOA#t=14m22s) where the one school official reiterates they only need reasonable suspicion to search a student and then the women immediately follows up that every student is being searched. Am I correct in assuming that any threat they receive equates to a blanket search of every student? That just screams of being abused to justify searches.
This is obviously not the original video so if anyone knows of the original, please share.
Interestingly, the only person from my school that went into porn, is a dude and he is now an extremely well-known gay porn star. And yes, I am straight but still watched some of his videos. It was pretty fascinating seeing someone you went to school with eat out another dudes ass.
Look, I know his nickname is "Macho Man" and that was also a Village People song, but the poor guy is dead.
I was at a bar pretty drunk because I was laid off. After waking up the next morning and combing through the dozens upon dozens of texts about him dying, I saw one that I missed and it was from my boss saying to come back to work. Thank you for dying MJ.
I wonder if this would qualify as a good submission to r/whatsinthisthing?
If that is the extent of a person going down that path, I am willing to just let it slide.
I just googled and it says it is due to start filming this summer. I really thought something legitimately serious was taking place haha.
I have an explanation and the stop may be completely legal. I heard how they pronounced "about" and it tipped me off that they are in Canada. In his videos I confirmed that because he has a video of driving around Woodstock, New Brunswick. Still an interesting video if Canada allows vehicle stops based on absolutely zero pc/ras.
Not sure if this was asked in the origin thread, but are loitering laws null and void if you are engaged in a protected activity?
Well you are going to an extreme there. My point was that the cop is attempting to use a law, that he is unaware if you are in violation of, just to stop a protected act.
Wait until someone figures out that playing the song in reverse is a song summoning Satan.
I'm using Adblock Plus and didn't see it. So the mystery continues.
This isn't about animals, but I had 3 different relatives die after I showed up to the hospital to see them. They weren't even scheduled to die. Now I feel like the family grim reaper.
I highly doubt inbreeding is against the law in every state when it is done between consenting adults. Gross, but something to think about.
I saw one of those air disaster shows not too long ago that featured this incident. It was pretty damn scary because you would think incidents like this would have happened farm more often before they changed take off procedures.
[second part](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy5qjFmF_Fg)
That is one of those situations often asked about in this sub. Can you not be detained while they investigate something? Does their suspicion that you may have a mental incapacity of some sort set forth an entire different set of rules regarding you not being free to go?
I knew it. I'm surrounded by Assholes.
Unfortunately their videos often cross into valid topics for this sub. They often correctly do things such as refuse consent to search or refuse to answer questions while also going into their crazy rhetoric.
Pretty sure the scene at 5:38 has nothing to so with SC. The cop narrators statement is also completely out of line grouping people who ask why they are being stopped as possibly being a SC. Putting shit like that in these videos is what can escalate an encounter of a normal person who just knows their rights.
I am really really really trying to figure out even the tiniest possible reason as well. This one really has me stumped hahaha.
He looks like he just ran through the 9/11 dust cloud.
Notice the second cop quickly comes up with the ridiculous seatbelt violation after the other one fails to say why he must ID.
Wouldn't the reason be officer safety if using the PA v Mimms case? I've often wondered if there has ever been any court cases that specifically deals with challenging an arrest for obstruction due to not stepping out in which the officer safety aspect is in of itself being questioned. For example, could you lawfully tell someone to step out just because you want to see how they will react? Now I understand the bar is very low for proving in court that there was some safety aspect to your order, but I'm just wondering hypothetically how this issue would be addressed in court.
Like I said, it is the demand for the passengers ID that was the reason to post. It appears to be a lawful demand based on the othet cops claim of no seatbelt, but the first cop that wanted it seemed to just want it to want it.
Oooh i knew you'd comment. If you knew the amount of completely irrelevant SC videos I find and never post, you'd change your viewpoint. Like i always yell you, their antics often cross over into legitimate content. It's just a shitty fact of life.
So it is possible the sesame seed size baby ended up entering its own fathers penis. I wonder if there is an UD entry for that one!
Along religious lines, I remember those living with the tribe shows with those guys mark and olly. They lived with a tribe on an island that still is a cargo cult. They worship some random navy dude from WWII that they still refer to as Tom Navy.
[The best part of waking up, is Folgers in your](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffee_enema)
Mr Hands!
If they can do the arm thing in real life in the Star Gate, then Skeletor can do it in fake life.
I know police do not have to tell you why they stopped you, but this situation seems different in that not even a warning was given. It literally looks like they stopped the car just to get the persons ID.
I don't know if any other articles on this story delved deeper into the specifics, but couldn't they track down the person/people that custom built the computer? I'm sure they tried but maybe they were dead as well?
Someone else over there has already posted a picture of their one-eyed cat and I'd imagine more to follow from others. Always a smart move to do some opportunistic farming.
I think this is also a matter of just another social justice type thing. Some weird things have really caught on lately. This whole thing labeling terrorist thing, shaming, bullying, etc. It's actually a really interesting social phenomenon seeing what people, in concert with the media, can turn into the next outrage.
They keep explosives nearby for citizens to set off in case of a pump fire.
If you think I am able to ascertain which videos have SC rhetoric in them from the YouTube titles they are given, then I have an amazing ability....
The looking at titles and not watching the videos is simply ridiculous. It is true that I have no idea what the videos contain.....so that's why I watch them before posting them. Also, 99% of my link posting is done in this sub, so the claims of reaping karma is pretty much a moot point considering this is a pretty small community. I could have X times more karma if I truly cared about it because I could X-post every single one of my submissions to 4 or 5 other subs. That's not what it is about.
This one is pretty interesting. The cop is out watching for street racers, but there hasn't been any in a couple months. So then low and behold a nice sports car enters his sight. He literally decides that he is going to pull it over because he has been bored lately and this is a good target for some action. His first reason of the car driving around in circles may not even be a valid reason for a stop in that town. When the driver is about to present him with evidence that he is lying, the cop actually says "ok, let's go with the speeding then". He just made up a completely different reason on the spot because he knew he was caught in a lie. The speeding PC for a stop is nearly impossible for a person to fight in court unless they have a camera system that can record that data. Yes, the tapping on someones car is not cool, but there were so many other things worse that this cop did in this video.
There is actually a [picture of Pedro kissing his Huge Black Dong](http://i.imgur.com/oJPfM3G.jpg).
For anyone that isn't from the Philly area, there are a FUCKTON of people that ride around the city on ATV's and dirt bikes. They organize illegal bike rides and weave in and out of traffic on busy roads. It's completely illegal but police pretty much turn a blind eye unless too many of them gather together.
That is understandable if this guy and the people he is filming are known to not get along. If anything, the cop would be helping the guy out by telling him about that law. It's one of those weird times where it sounds like the cop is trying to intimidate the guy but is also potentially giving the guy the heads up.
I *think* people will remember who those two are in the link.
That's why I watch a lot of Efukt.
Once the original came on at the end I instantly remembered that it used to be Hannity's start of the show theme song a few years ago hahahaha. Their version was definitely different enough that I didn't even realize it.
I thought I recognized that blast crater.
Future people can also just let yet to happen events inspire a username!
I think there is a percentage of people that try out random files like that on purpose just to see what it does. I guess some people have the resources to test things like that.
I've honestly have never heard in person or read something that caused me to feel offended. I wonder if the whole "OMG THAT'S OFFENSIVE!!" thing is a product of how you were raised, how society has indoctrinated you, or a combination of everything?
I enjoy conspiracy related subs and sites for the entertainment value. Enjoying reading and participating in actual discussion on stories is different than people who disseminate information to others as factual or go harassing grieving family members. Lumping everyone that is part of certain subs into the the same group is ridiculous and no different than using any other stereotype for any other group of people.
You either responded to the wrong thread or misunderstood. The song Independence Day by Martina Mcbride was used as the opening theme song at one point to Sean Hannity's radio show. I was just confirming with the other guy that it was in fact the same song as in the video. The way these guys covered it was great, but, it also made it much more difficult to realize what it was to people that knew the original song. I honestly didn't know the name of the song but I knew the song itself from hearing it on the radio, so when these guys in the video sang it, I had no clue what it was. But then the original played at the end and I had a mini "oh shit it's that song" moment.
What is the procedure for letting a judge like this know that he is blatantly wrong? It gives off a frivolous vibe in which the people will be burdened with back and forth lawsuits over rulings, orders, and whatever else a judge like this can come up with. He simply doesn't seem to care with what other judges in the Federal Government have already ruled on the matter.
[Full article](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/01/06/open-carry-in-texas-causing-confusion-for-law-enforcement.html) Also this quote: “Ultimately, we’re going to have to get some rulings out of the courts before we know exactly what the rules are,” Lawrence added. Looks like there are going to be some interesting videos/articles coming soon involving this issue.
But but this kid saw a penis. She will now shoot up her school!
When the whole Texas and guns circlejerk shows up in huge threads on the front page a lot of people are shocked when they learn about how there are other states with even more freedom when it comes to firearms.
I always thought of this when some small company gets in trouble for denying gays this or that. Had they denied them service but gave absolutely no reason, it is likely they would have a better case if sued. However I suppose even if they do not say why they refused the service, and a pattern of refusals to only a specific group can be proven, that could be evidence enough.
There are a few sites that tell you how to go about purchasing passage on cargo ships if you just want to travel the world. It's cheaper than cruise lines but obviously can be very boring. Take shitloads of entertainment.
I think it is more suited for people that just want to experience a different sort of adventure and have a love for seafaring. I guess the thought of "roughing" it out on a cargo ship for a relatively unknown exact amount of time is appealing to some.
Always best to have a witness present if you are going to exact revenge for infidelity. She can simply lie in court and say the friend confirmed her suspicions by also smelling another guys ass on his dick.
He's got more time on television than joel embiid.
I know rules are different in schools but these are still interesting videos that give insight to 4th Amendment exceptions.
I would send out nigerian type messages to people and actually give the money to those that fall for it.
We had some kid bring a gun to school back in the day. Someone narc'd him out and the cops showed up, took it out of his locker, and arrested him. No hysteria or lockdowns. Obviously an active shooter situation is something different, but even a report of a kid with a gun in his locker nowadays would cause panic. I guess I can still understand it but my point is that times have definitely changed as to the police and school response.
These Bowie references during the match are cringey
I think this was posted before but regardless [here is the guy in a nearly identical situation](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/3qpman/police_harassment_by_dupont_law_enforcement_on/?)
Brazen to repost someone elses content numerous times AND pretend to be the person. Sounds like OP is going straight for the kill.
What is the confusion then? I'm even seeing some cops in videos say the law is vague on if they can actually DEMAND the handgun license. That makes it seem very clear that you have no choice but to show them if they want to see it.
Without being certain of every single state, I believe it is an arrestable offense.
Does it serve half pints?
And the following day will coincidentally be Harry's wedding.
Thought it was Free Shitting. A quick and growing sport.
I am not sure how all state laws are on the issue. Some states are "shall notify" upon contact with the police. If you are not suspected of breaking any laws, listen carefully to how the cop requests your permit &amp; ID. Whether he asks or demands it. Probably the best advice would first to ask if you are being detained and free to go before they even start in on the ID stuff.
Like I said though, they could end up interpreting the "privilege" to carry to be similar to how you must present your documents if hunting or fishing. Game wardens are always walking up to people and checking their hunting licenses. Now I honestly have no clue whether they have the power to request any other ID.
Get on your horse fucker. You are even named after a pirate!
Every time I hear "lactated ringer's" I think about Hannibal Lecter about to peel off Pembry's face in the ambulance.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpkJYQaDcKE). They seem to run her plates to find out who she is and then tell her she is free to go.
I don't think there is anything you could have said to that cop that would have mattered. He has probably never encountered anyone that knew what they were talking about and therefore his brain was short circuiting. I can't tell the context of when he mentions "interfering", but if this lady had been filming another stop, and he said the reason for the detainment was interference, then he would have a better leg to stand on if it went to court. Hell, he could possibly even had told her that using an electronic device while driving is against the law. He really made this super easy on the surface for this lady to take legal action.
Let's not get into conspiracy theories here.
There looked to be a few edits in the video as well which sucks. Would have been great to hear all 20 minutes of the incident.
Not sure how much discipline will be handed out but at least the response came quick. Probably because even the sheriff knew how illegal of a detainment that was and wants to try to mitigate any further damage.
The only reason I used that link was because it included all the videos in one spot. It looks like it may have originated on liveleak but this was easier than posting multiple videos. Nobody is required to actually read the text of the website. If you find the original sources, feel free to repost.
I'll slap my yuengling against your shiner all night long.
Missed that. deleting this one.
Couldn't lawmakers simply put in a provision into the OC law where it says you "must" submit your carry permit if an leo asks for it? Kinda akin to game wardens and such being able to check everyone's hunting and fishing licenses whenever they want.
I guess the women that open carry all around the country are brainwashed by their male overlords?
Grug to this day still drags that White pussy into work.
Along with you basically going in reverse with your memories, the saddest part is that a lot of people with dementia become angry and even violent towards their loved ones once they no longer know who they are. It really crushed some of my uncles when my grandfather would yell at them as if they were complete strangers.
I don't know for sure if his memory literally went in reverse but that was how it seemed as thing progressed. Obviously all of us grandkids and such were the first he started to not recognize. Then it slowly progressed into his children and eventually his wife. It was very sad but interesting when he started talking about things we all could only assume were from his time before meeting his wife. I am not sure exactly what type of dementia he had but he would also sometimes become very mean and even try to hit some of my uncles because he had no clue who they were and would get pissed off at who he perceived as a stranger. That was very hard to witness.
I guess the appeal with the Dragonbox or similar devices is that people that don't want to "do any work" can just get it for like 200 bucks and hook it up and it's ready to go. I've had several family members get one and if I told them what you suggested they would just stare at me. The different sites that sell them claim that they are legal because "streaming media is legal" and it isn't actually them that are hosting the streams. I look at it as more of a supplemental thing to have to my cable and netflix.
I remember a while back when they had to add that notice about not making racist comments but obviously it makes very little difference.
I usually stick with beer so I'm thinking the unlimited package with that is my best way to go. For liquor, isn't it also as simple as emptying two bottles of wine and refilling and recorking them the easiest way to go since you can take them aboard?
I've said before that if you don't wish to do the full bore silent treatment, but also want to minimize speaking while not trying to antagonize a cop, it might be good to try and pawn your statement off on someone else: a lawyer. For example they ask you a question and you say something along the lines of "I'm sorry but my lawyer has always instructed me never to answer questions or speak to the police beyond this statement unless he/she is present." Will it work how you want it to? Can't say for sure but it's worth it because it can't really hurt you either. The bad cops are going to do whatever they want to do as soom as you exercise any of your rights anyway.
I was going for Con Air, but that is also an option.
[They had fun when they were young!](http://i.imgur.com/EI48prYh.jpg). (yeah yeah, snopes says fake)
3 forms?
Leash laws are very prevalent around the country. It is usually a town by town issue, however there could be state legislation on the issue but I have never researched it. I'm not sure there is a direct correlation between the leash laws and police shooting dogs but one thing in common is that the stories that usually hit the news involving both issues involves pitbulls, rotweillers, or other "dangerous breeds". There are a shitload of irresponsible owners that do not properly secure their dogs or even worse, simply don't care and let them run amok.
I think he is claiming he got shoved while crossing the street but it wasn't very clear on video. It's very hard to watch videos like this where the person filming keeps screaming about how they know their rights. I cannot think of a single video in existence where you screaming that you know your rights somehow makes the police alter the way they are going to deal with you. In fact it gives them more of an opportunity to arrest you for disorderly conduct if they just want to give you a hard time.
Exactly. Remaining calm and asking them questions to get them on record is very important. However, as I often say, you better be VERY sure of what you are going to say once you are detained. Even posing a question the wrong way could potentially end up incriminating yourself. If you aren't sure the question you are going to ask is safe to ask, just skip it or reword it in your head before saying it.
Even Rick Allen could pull that off without a hitch.
It makes me wonder if they say you are being detained if you should do what that one old guy did in a video and just fall to the ground on your stomach with your hands and legs spread out.
Better chalk up his little butthole before he breaks.
At this point you might as well make another edit professing your love for Trump, Comcast, fossil fuels, vaping, etc. Also make sure to bash and make fun of Bernie Sanders, Elon Musk, and gay marriage. You gotta go all in at this point.
Isn't there some mass pasting of every circlejerk on here that sometimes comes up in threads?
I never really thought about it or took notice but do police actually search your vehicle after a DUI arrest? I know they can take "inventory" if you have nobody there to take the vehicle and it needs to be towed, but I really have never seen them do a full out search on a simple DUI arrest. Now in countless videos, the smell of weed is like an automatic "step on out" and they search. I can't say I ever seen that with alcohol.
TWEET STEALER!!!!!!!!
There is a difference between a contraband search on the side of the road and an inventory search due to impound. Now I know there really isn't a *difference* per se, but you understand what I mean.
Having allies made up of entirely cats is where the world powers are headed.
That makes sense. The single moms that reply to me always end up sending me a pic of their thick stubby cocks.
That's precisely why some departments policies is to train their officers not to give a reason until AFTER they have the DL in their possession. Contrary to what some people think, the police do not need to tell you why they pulled you over immediately upon contact. In the original thread on this video I mentioned the cop fucked up because he could have simply said something like operating an electronic device while driving or some minor traffic offense. Instead he opened himself up to a lawsuit by telling her the reason for stopping her was because she was filming him. The sad part is that if this went to trial, I could see his lawyer arguing that him stopping her for filming him falls in line with using an electronic device while driving.
After the first one, switch to top shelf.
Edging has led me to busting completely over her head onto the wall when i was going for a simply belly dump.
I was with a chick that could never orgasm but absolutely loved all holes licked and fucked. She would go wild but would never finish. I never pressed the issue but she alluded to the fact that daddy may have visited her bedroom as a youngster.
Make it like *Not the Official David Bowie Tribute Album*. Similar how some of those porn sites add the word "not" in front of their fake incest videos because they are afraid of getting in trouble.
I only felt safe going the creampie route with a milf who had a hysterectomy.
It's not really a big deal since it is a really incredible video. Part of the problem with it is that the lady's original video didn't have any title original enough worth copy and pasting, so I had to make up my own. It was suggested a while back to put the original title in quotes if submitting something as a way to help in a search, but if someone labels a video "police harassment" or something else very broad like this lady did (which I can't remember), that really is pointless to put into the submission. At least you searched first though unlike a lot of insta-submitters.
I hope preschoolers aren't stirring the mac n' cheese at that age.
That's above top secret info buddy.
The guy in the comments seemed to know he didn't have to give his DL. Would have made the video a little more interesting if he decided not to provide it. I still am having trouble figuring out what the ticket woudl be for that the cop claims he will give the guy if he keeps parking around there.
[I bet Andre would have trouble](http://i.imgur.com/EwHwbos.jpg)
I believe people have tried that as far as your blood being taken and it was shot down in the courts. It's pretty amazing that something as personal as your blood can legally be forced from you and be used against you.
Well if it is his real name, it is right there on the video for the youtube account. Beyond that it's up to you to research any farther since the whole personal info thing is frowned upon on Reddit.
There's nothing like finding that girl who can peg you correctly.
Will they repeat the first episode? I don't see it on tomorrow before episode 2. I know I could find it illegally but it would be nice if it was available on demand somewhere since the game royally fucked the dvr'ing I had set.
I didn't realize because I had left the room to make something to eat and then saw facebook posts of enraged people mentioning the game having the award cermony and interviews. At that point I started up the dvr recording and watched it as fast as i could through commercials. By the time The recording ended and I went back to the broadcast, I caught the last 5 minutes so I got a nice little gap of "missing time"...
Now that you mention it, they were done in an artsy fashion for something of a literal hardcore nature. I doubt it will ever come out, but the backstory to having them done like that would be interesting.
Just google her name and the fappening. They are among the few actual hardcore partner pics.
If you google "police department loses insurance", you will find there have been departments that have been disbanded after too many insurance payouts. Not saying it is common, but it does happen.
Take me down to the turtle city where the ooze is green and we're busting on April's titties
Since Sunday, when most people got back on the roads on the east coast, I have seen dozens of tractor trailers that didn't bother to clean the snow off. Luckily there hasn't been a substantial ice build up, so most of the snow is just blowing off into dust. I have seen several cars though where people literally only use their wipers to see out the front. Absolutely no clearing of the hood, roof, or rear window. It boggles my mind how someone could drive like that. I have thought about people that may have a disability or are elderly, but even then, you should not be out on the road with a hazardous vehicle. Ask someone for help before you end up hurting an innocent person out on the roads.
Have you ever had your niece or nephew try to talk while doing pull-ups from your pockets?
That works I guess. Just check your state laws regarding fines for doing it. I wouldn't want you or anyone else to get a ticket.
I know people who open carry long guns are usually activists engaged in standing up for their right to do so, but there is at least one other legitimate reason I have seen. Some people between the ages of 18-20 are not allowed to purchase handguns and a long gun is their only firearm recourse for self-defense if they wish to. It is definitely a reason in the minority compared to all the videos you see, but it does exist.
Yes the busy signal is the most common thing for dialing your own number from home and that is why being able to get it to ring your own house was interesting. This was back in the 80's so it may have been something the telephone companies eventually did away with as they upgraded.
I still see people on facebook post that video of the guy doing the field sobriety test alphabet backwards and backflips as if it is authentic.
Even better if they said I could just go tubing down the hill.
I never got the feel from him that he is on the extreme end of religion. That seems like something he will get pressed on from both sides as these caucuses and primaries heat up.
[Long but worthwhile Video of incident](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxSHMbZcdcE&amp;feature=youtu.be). Not much action between the 13m-28m marks.
I gave up trying to use an entire elephant as a dildo before my 7th birthday.
I thought at first they were only doing the 6 episodes and episode 1 was basically a platform of the next 5 to come. It seems most people are saying each episode will be relatively stand-alone with perhaps some stuff being woven together as it moves on.
What is the purpose of reposting the same smileys and comments over and over on the twitch streams? Is it just your standard internet retards raiding a hot topic or do the things posted have meaning? I did laugh at how they are now enamored by his bulge.
I simply do not know what every meme in existence is. That is what I am wondering about.
I'm sitting here at the underground Dulce Base Mall waiting to clone my dog that just died at RePet.
hahaha....it is one of the most fun conspiracy theories to read about! People bang on shit like that all the time but they can be enjoyable to read as long as you don't get too caught up and start believing every single thing you read.
harder to see the moot panga's when diving in there.
They are the only ones I can think of off hand that have actual signage that states the dual purposes of the checkpoint. Usually Sobriety/Drivers License or some variation of the word sobriety. What I am trying to find is the actual law allowing the DL part to be lumped into the Sobriety checkpoint. Other states have started to do this but I have not seen any with signs as of yet.
This guy seems so nice that i wouldn't be surprised if he donates a lot of it to some music charity.
I believe he is retired. I caught a piece last night with his wife talking to everyone and I am pretty sure she said he is a retired teacher. I checked the comments here and found someone wrote "Bernie was a grade school teacher in NY." so I'm going to say that is probably correct.
Is that what is happening in the chat when suddenly dozens of the same requests come across out of nowhere? I figured it was some sort of 4chan brigade.
I tried googling and found it is some Steam thing for Valve Anti-Cheat and have no clue how or if that is what it relates to. I'm finding myself trying to google most of the shit these people are saying in that twitch chat.
It is petty but also weird in that he is essentially being told he is free to go, but already set to be detained immediately after.
That was one of the first cases I read as well regarding stopping people solely to check for a DL, but this seems to get complicated by the addition of a legal sobriety checkpoint. Someone else mentioned the CA Supreme Court are the ones that caused this to happen in the first place. I would enjoy reading that opinion.
Aside from a perfectly executed Ghetto Blaster, Bad News could also dodge the boulders Andre would throw at him and simply choke him out from behind and leave him with a bad headache.
[2 more Andre Stories from Hulk Hogan](http://boston.cbslocal.com/2014/06/25/toucher-rich-hulk-hogan-shares-andre-the-giant-drinking-stories/). Andre drinking 108 beers in 45 minutes and another of 12 bottles of wine in 3 hours.
I was referring to the scene in Princess Bride, but I understand how it can also seem genuine to judo.
I think this is what is confusing when lumping a DL check into a sobriety checkpoint. The sobriety checkpoints have their own rules where they are supposed to have a formula for which deciding how many cars go through and how many get stopped. The question is whether they can use one Supreme Court case to interweave into another? On the surface it seems logical that they can refer to other opinions but something seems odd about using one opinion to lump into another opinion, especially when the 4th Amendment was the disputed issue in each of them independently.
I'll fight you for that sweet sweet asshole cock.
[Umm relevant, I think](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mup4I0WotwM)
In the comments section on the facebook page for [6ABC News](https://www.facebook.com/6abc.ActionNews/?fref=nf), someone posted a photo of jets flying over an affected area when initial reports all stated none are in the area...
Someone on the 6ABC fb page comments section posted a photo of jets flying over an affected area.
That is possible. The strange thing is that the same exact thing would have likely had to have taken place the other day in South Carolina. The news on that supposedly confirmed there were F-18's in flight during those similar booms and ground shakes.
I don't always believe pictures but a guy posting in some random sub comment thread on a local news article and giving info on where the photo was taken is likely not a troll because of the complete worthless nature of the troll attempt.
A rarely talked about reason to specifically open carry long guns, that is not for demonstration purposes, is when people who are 18-20 who cannot own a handgun yet. Now there aren't many people who do this but I have seen it in regards to someone in that age group that did it for their protection.
I've seen at least one video where some Germans I believe go through one of these internal checkpoints and they just hand off their passports after saying they are not US citizens.
And for those wondering, the city cop that shows up appears to be the one that slammed that guy to the ground a few months ago after showing up because the guy was singing a Beach Boys song. The guy filming recognized him and decided to bring it up.
[He could have taken them](http://i.imgur.com/Mt8B3Zz.jpg)
With a side of vagina bacon and now you're talking.
I like to think I saved my parents some money back in high school on an ambulance ride. I ran into a street sign on my bicycle and cut my head open down to the skull. I walked across the street and rang the doorbell to the ambulance station.
cookingwithcum.com
My great great grandfather said something similar about why he didn't want slaves but we suspect he just didn't have the money.
Just a thought but would a defined distance be good, bad, or no real difference than not having one now? Off the top of my head I could seen the defined distance both being abused by cops but also helping a person who may now have video proof they were farther than the set distance away. What we have now is a relatively unlimited authority of police to back people up in the name of officer safety and/or "crime scene" claims. It's certainly a topic with a lot to think about because more of these proposals will continue and eventually come to light.
Jon paid the iron price by eating that free flowing bloody wilding pussy.
I would definitely refuse field sobriety tests in inclement weather because you could slip just getting out of your car and they'll use that against you.
They may or may not take you to jail for refusing to do FSTs. Always check your state laws, but generally you are never obligated to take them. But yes, you are gambling whether the cop is going to abide by the law or not if you refuse to take them.
Did he take out your wallet or all the contents of your pockets and look for your ID? If that's the case, then I hope you go forward with your legal endeavor but I would also check your state hunting/fishing laws and check whether you need to have some sort of ID other than your DEEP documentation when game officials want to check you out. If not, leave your DL in your vehicle or somewhere else so they cannot snatch it away illegally. You will then have to decide based on your state refusal to ID laws whether or not you should give your name and DOB. In this case, I highly doubt the cop would have RAS of a crime because you stated a state official was also there to verify your activities.
In cases like that, they simply don't care about the law. They just want your ID because it has been incorrectly programmed into their brain during their academy training that they MUST get your ID. I'm sure you searched the town ordinances and I can't find anything other than the section on hunting and fishing in a city park or recreational area. That lake is said to be public property.
Is that something proven due to some kind of technical reason or just taking NASA's word for it? I never really have seen anyone explain why there would be no audio post-explosion. Would their communication device(s) be instantly offline?
But were they born female or just identify as such?
[I asked r/photography a while back](https://www.reddit.com/r/photography/comments/3dic98/question_from_someone_who_has_very_little/). Some of it was pretty confusing so I have no clue at this point.
I just assumed that by now we have the technology to push a button on a camera and filter out something like a flashlight being shined into it. Similar to how Predator flipped through a bunch of different visual modes to find the people hunting him in that warehouse.
"NOT daughter sucks dads balls dry"
This may be the first time I would ever not have felt bad if the cop arrested someone for disorderly conduct for screaming in public. Holy shit that was annoying.
Don't apologize. You could tell them you gave your dog a bowl of water and someone would claim it is unhealthy.
I went back to see if he had an Ali G username.
Makes you wonder how dark and lonely it is for the things in your fridge throughout the day while you are away at work.
The article states they still need a "court order" but not a warrant. I've honestly never really gave much thought that those are vastly different things. I guess now that I'm thinking about it, it is similar to when those child services people show up at someones house saying they have a court order but the person refuses entry because it is not a warrant.
They are trained to automatically yell "stop resisting" repeatedly during any take down because it will only benefit them if it is being recorded and ends up in court or internal affairs. Obviously there are times where it is a valid thing to scream at a suspect who is actually resisting, but it would also be screamed as well if the person is unconscious/dead and there are 10 cops on top trying to cuff them.
[Mirror](http://i.imgur.com/rNc98kO.jpg)
[High school kid doing it recently](http://www.foxsports.com/mlb/story/high-school-pitcher-perfect-game-strike-out-batters-051416) but to your point, [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_Necciai) struck out 27 batters in Class D professional ball, albeit not a perfect game.
It's a hell of a decision to make between being suicide, excruciating death, or being told you can survive by being put in a coma but you will come out of it with a hunger for eating paint chips, frenching windows, and fapping in public.
Ok Dr. Heimlich.
The wikipedia on that reporter says that he is not only a vegan, but is world renowned as being the only known marathoner who vapes.
That's why you put them on a child leash when leaving the house.
Does he look more like a guy who wears an Affliction or TAP OUT shirt?
Retarded females hate him.
It's just some of those comical things that have taken off that people enjoy poking fun at. I'd imagine the actual number of people that go out of their way and sincerely loathe these groups is extremely low.
I think he's actually stealing an adult childs beloved bicycle.
[video of the pilot walking to the house](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXLASIjSINw)
check out the youtube comments on his arrest history. Imagine trying to get any other job with those *credentials*.
I don't really like when activists like this do things the completely wrong way. There will be people newer to these issues that think they can just do what he did and it will go a much different route.
If it was intended, it would have been better to be entering monsignors.
Swearengen from Deadwood
And easily slide it into the camera's pinhole.
I really would have liked to see what would have happened if the guy filming had not been in possession of that dog. It's quite possible the cop signaled him out because he knew the second the guy refused to hand over the camera, he had him nailed for the dog on the beach bullshit. Also, unless I'm missing something, he completely disregarded the camera issue that he started, once he detained the guy for the dog.
I need to know if it is blocked in Lesotho.
If he had finished the final solution, there would be no prosecutors left to hate him.
Wrong again. It's from Q.
A less than $100 K-Mart gift certificate is awaiting me that I never claimed from 4th grade.
Having a judge sign a warrant for the arrest of a person due to OTHER people call flooding/Facebook posting a PD is so blatantly retaliatory that this very well may go viral. Just reading that law they are using itself shows what a joke this is. That law basically has to do with people fucking with the police radios and other emergency equipment by using devices to mess with the transmissions. The part they will probably cite is: (3) Knowingly and intentionally interferes with the transmission or reception of any data, communication, message, or public safety communication by any law enforcement, fire service, 911 personnel, or emergency service agency in order to hinder the agency in the fulfillment of its duties. They will claim the call flood hindered the emergency service agency. I have to hand it to them for digging that one out of the code book in order to fuck with someone who made them look bad. Going to those lengths to put someone in jail is embarrassing and I hope Bama and the media really go full bore and not let this fade away like many other incidents. This should perk up the ears of countless Alabama civil rights attorneys into taking this case pro bono.
Unless people lived in the same county as Bama, calling 911 wouldn't even be an option as far as I can imagine. So that completely removes that as part of the alleged crime. Are they going to claim the non-emergency line and city hall are still part of the emergency services?
When was that law even passed? In the URL it has a "1975" but I can't be sure that is a year or some other related number. Either way, I think if it is that old, that would probably eliminate any possible angle as far as the Facebook messages taking over their page. Of course antiquated laws are still used to arrest/cite people so who even knows.
The golden arches of Heaven is made out of corn.
The street cred of saying you caught herpes from a penis sucking as an 8 day old.
I highly doubt they would be able to claim that law relates to non-emergency lines. That laws was pretty much made to keep tech trolls of that era from hopping on the emergency frequencies and "baba booey'ing" the airwaves.
Hahahahaha *The police department Facebook page was attacked by Bama Camera affiliates...* Anyway, on a side note, if there were people actually making threatening and/or racist remarks either on the Facebook page or via phone calls, they are pretty pathetic. Those people in no way should be lumped into people who called to express their genuine outrage and support on the incident. I know we sometimes get trolls in this sub and I could also see people of that type calling up just to cause trouble for the majority of us. However, that press release only mentioned that stuff to try and defame Bama. They could have written everything else without having to give attention to anyone that may have acted like an idiot. Just another failing of this entire town.
Makes me wonder if you could transfer a kidney stone via docking? Your pain is my gain.
Probably got picked on in high school. It is amazing that people jump to conclusions that people who film the police are all cop-hating maniacs.
Gotta think of new material. The days of using frozen shit filled condoms as dildos has come and gone.
I posted a few days back to r/plumbing but didn't get many responses. Is that what the one person referred to as being a "U"? I have no idea about plumbing matters, as you can tell.
Anytime the word "tarp" is mentioned, I think of that story.
That is travis heinze and that channel is some reupload spammer.
It is in the youtube summary, but [here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2Pg84RwSw0). Maybe that channel isn't a spammer in the traditional sense since they link to the original, but they do change the title. That guy has several videos of his run ins with police while he sits in parking lots at night. He isn't really a cop blocker though, but rather just likes to annoy the cops by responding to their questions with the same question.
Any idea if there is a list of states that specifically mention you must submit your conceal/open carry license upon demand? We see this issue pop up constantly, most recently with the new Texas open carry law. I think that guy in the viral video in Philly also tried to claim that even though he needed a special license to carry in Philly, he didn't have to show them it.
Nuclear war by Stanislav Petrov.
I too saw the pain olympics video!
I think the guy was already dead, but that luka magnotta video was pretty extreme. Not sure I've ever seen anything crazier than that in terms of the amount of different crazy shit he does to the body.
How exactly does that duty to inform thing work then? Do you tell them you are carrying but then you could try and roll the dice and not give them the proof? It seems risky because they could likely just revoke it out of spite and then force you to sue them to try and get it back.
A lot of police won't even bother to try and slimjim a new car anymore. They tell you to call AAA or a local towing company. It's still worth a shot if you have an older car. I normally always carry a spare key in another pocket and that has saved me a few times over the years.
I've seen those safe picking videos and I have no idea which brand isn't total shit. Some of them were able to be picked with a straw.
It looks like they were ready to leave but didn't like the guys attitude so they got into a huddle and concocted a plan to go back in and turn their "investigation" to him instead of the person they were looking for.
Poor fucker should have known building a wall would get him attacked by reddit.
[here is another video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT3dN79X2pA) of what looks like the same location. I think the cop says "first national bank" around the 1m38s mark. I think he is in Nebraska based on his other videos. On mentions a building in Omaha and there is a first national bank there.
[Is this where you grew up?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmTpuTSkDWk#t=2m25s)
[part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t3hwKYFuo4)
They can ask all they want but you can decline to give consent to search your property unless they have probable cause. There are several videos of this guy in NYC that walks around with a soda in a brown bag and he is constantly illegally detained by cops because of it. Now if you are visibly drunk, that would give them the ability to detain and possibly arrest you as long as there is a relevant law where it is taking place.
Keep your paperwork up to date people. Don't give the police more reasons to prolong your detainment.
Figured there had to be something. More will trickle out as the people who were inside calm down. Also, people don't like to hear it, but you know there will be people in there that are holding video back and will be willing to sell it to TMZ or something similar.
I've seen it reposted several times...and I still click on it because it's pretty comical.
Leroy Al-Bin Jenkin's doing the opposite of what he is most well-known for.
No matter what courts say, a cop will always use a contempt of cop charge such as Disorderly Conduct in order to detain a citizen.
Open your eyes when I place it in your hand next time and you'll see it does.
1 inch hard, 2 inches soft.
I'm heading to the nearest gay night club if it's that easy to get shot all over the face.
I've been to a gay bar with friends and people just walked up to each other and straight up asked if they wanted to fuck/suck. It was pretty amazing how up front everyone was and it eliminated the need to try and win anyone over with conversation. I honestly have no idea if that is the norm though for all gay venues. That's just what I witnessed at one place.
Can we build an IP wall?
Oh god, my brain completely saw "buttocks" since we are on the topic of gay sex. However speaking of bollocks injuries, [this baseball one happened yesterday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqT2FxQ21rI).
I'm sure an extremely tiny fraction of people pray, but the vast majority just write things like "prayers" on social media in order to fit in with everyone else doing it. It is a rather interesting topic from a sociological point of view.
No difference from a tangible perspective. The main difference is from those giving the prayers. A few might actually pray while the 99% of others just want to look good on social media as if they are helping. Now obviously if the person receiving these "prayers" posts considers them helpful, then we are back at square one and I guess good for them. If people claiming to pray for you helps you sleep at night, more power to you.
There have even been cases where a police department had to close down after their insurance dropped them. This place seems to teetering on that edge.
Just a side note, you should probably tag these SHARK vids as NSFL.
A delicious dessert that you can put in your hair.
Needs to put in some German mousse and forget about the hair.
Shot through the head and you're to blame.
What if someone bolts down 2 little ramps onto the track and makes the train go BTTF Part III?
I don't really mind seeing it due to be desensitized from the internet over the years, but most people still hate seeing animal cruelty more so than people being tortured and/or killed.
There is a Ferengi that chews on trees outside my house every day looking for grubs. I think they are of the tube variety.
I read something once about "derivatives" and how it was like $1.5 Quadrillion and a "ticking time bomb". Still not exactly sure what it is though.
I know most people would just explain a simple mistake like that to the police but when it comes down to it, there really is no reason you should ever say a word if they are detaining or arresting you. The only thing you should say if you are being detained is you your name and DOB if you do not have your ID. And that is only in states where you are required to ID while being detained. Some states like Texas, you do not even have to ID until placed under arrest, unless you are pulled over for a traffic infraction.
Is that a computer generated voice-over or is Tactical Patriot talking weird for some reason?
This guy has several other videos on his channel, including [him getting arrested for obstruction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2UKwi2Vpoc).
It has been posted a few times. [This may be the original](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmIFreeToGo/comments/2m7ys1/edward_kimock_jr_no_warrant_no_entry/).
There may even be an older post of it since it was taken in 2014, but I gave up trying to find it because I have no clue what else the title would include.
Some states have banned full-auto guns, but the federal government has not. You can get one, albeit extremely expensive, if you pay the $200 bucks for the tax stamp. [here is a short synopsis](https://thearmsguide.com/2349/full-auto-is-legal/).
They will be able to replicate you a new arm by then as well.
Just yesterday I found a new SC video. I posted it to r/amibeingdetained because that was the more appropriate sub. however, I could have also posted it here because the SC was a passenger of a vehicle and he resisted giving his ID, albeit by using his crazy SC talk. However he eventually verbally gave his name and DOB. I decided not to post here because I couldn't even be certain if it was the US or Canada. In his other videos, there is one that was probably never posted where he is arrested for obstruction for refusing to give his DL after being pulled over. Not really post worthy because he wasn't exercising any actual rights, however the final seconds of the video is the police reaching in and shutting off his camera. That right there probably would make it post worthy in here but I decided not to because of the whiners like Petra. Do you think we should post such videos with a special tag or just let the standard up/down voting do the job it was intended?
There have even been a few towns where the police department has been forced to disband due to insurance carriers dropping coverage.
[here is one](http://www.wtae.com/news/local/washington/police-department-shuts-down-after-settling-lawsuits-against-2-officers/23074066) and [here is another](http://www.mlive.com/news/saginaw/index.ssf/2014/09/village_of_oakley_shuts_down_p.html). There are even more if you google.
I watch it for Mr. Falcon.
That person is obsessed with thinking I only post SC videos. It is pretty bizarre. I have posted some because they unfortunately sometimes cross over into legitimate content for the sub. I think most of us here are smart enough to filter out their bullshit.
Filthy casual can't even Dim Mak
And in those states only if police have reasonable suspicion that you have or are about to commit a crime. In no state you are required to carry physical ID if you aren't operating a motor vehicle. Your name and dob is all you'd have to give them.
*While Officer Fackrell’s decision to initiate the stop was mistaken, his conduct thereafter was lawful.* It's like the Supreme Court is staffed by bipolar maniacs.
That's strange because it seems almost all other pages are available to be blocked when a regular FB friend shares one. I have been able to block a few George has posted but there are always a few that remain unblockable. Yo don't even get the option to try.
There are so many laws out there that nobody can be sure of everything they need to know in a police encounter. The one thing you can always fall back on though is that you do not have to answer any of their questions outside of possibly verbally identifying yourself if detained. Everyone knows it can be highly stressful to actually practice your right to remain silent in a police encounter, so I often like to say that you can attempt to shift some *blame* by calmly telling the cop that you pay a lot for your lawyer and they informed you to never speak to the police during a detainment or arrest.
There is a [Monsters Inside Me episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liYJJ79qn2M) of a dude who caught it. I learned from that episode that you never want to get armadillo blood on your skin.
Ahh ok. Wouldn't their argument then be that it was a consensual contact and the guy willingly gave up his ID?
I'm just glad to run across far fewer SC videos when I do my searches. Most of the videos are people who simply don't understand their rights and talk too much. I also get the feeling that some people may use SC lingo but they are using it based off of what they have watched on YouTube and that is really sad to see. It's those people that really have no association with the authentic SC community that can be helped out the most by letting them know the stuff they have seen is bullshit.
The Romulans are pretty blatant liars.
I wonder how the entire thing would have been different if the guy refused to provide his ID? It seems Thomas is hung up on the whole "minor inconvenience" aspect of the situation. Would have been interesting had the guy simply refused to ID and let the cops arrest him, take him to jail, fingerprint him, etc until they could ID him.
It seems some of the justices that ruled in favor of this are all about the "minor inconvenience" factor when circumventing the 4th Amendment. What this guy could have done to *possibly* throw a wrench into things was just refuse to identify. Let the cops arrest him and try to forcibly identify him at the station. Just keep adding more shit to hopefully show that nothing about it is minor.
It is a deparmental policy issue. The police do not have to initially tell you why they stopped you. Some departments have their officers tell you right away while others wait to get your documents just in case you decide to try and hold roadside court. Then at least they have your info.
Sovereign Citizen. /r/amifreetogo
I took a sip of a sorghum based beer and it was decent. I wouldn't have had a clue it was gluten free if it didnt say so on the bottle.
I'm skeptical as well. However, if you are going to record the police, at least make sure it is being live-streamed somewhere the police cannot access easily.
They would but there have been several videos of police snatching peoples phones and either turning them off, attempting to delete footage, or even just smashing it. The guy in this video certainly needs to present more evidence of his claims of misconduct by them.
What scares me is that these yahoo's are so inept that they couldn't even think of a *valid* excuse to detain the guy. They jumped right to the interference thing to arrest him when it didn't even make sense. They could have just said he was being detained to be cited for loitering and tried to get his ID that way. It is sad to say, but there have been numerous court cases now that say the cops can just get the law wrong as long as they thought they were applying it correctly.
Most police already know the most minor of laws anyway to use against people they want to stop. I'm just pointing out how these cops are so out there that they could not even use a common contempt of cop charge on this guy. I have a feeling the first 2 cops could have conjured up something most believable if it were not for hot-headed Lieutenant coming on scene.
The main dick thing he did was the horrendous editing.
Someone on that websites comment section said that Quinto said there will be some kind of mention in the film of Spock dying.
The cop should have also mentioned to the kid filming that you can be ordered to leave if the store doesn't want you filming on their property. The kid probably came away from that thinking he has an unfettered right to record anywhere he wants now.
Just wait until they use Q in the next movie to resurrect him in grand Paul Walker fashion.
@ 10:02...The cop basically saying it doesn't matter if the arrest is legal or illegal since the courts can just figure it out.
The cop enters his phones passcode at the 13m mark on camera hahaha.
The North Shore with Turtle.
Not if all of your politicians are smoking crack.
I thought the same thing browsing netflix. It had that stargate-y feel to it so I gave it a shot out of boredom and I was instantly hooked. The problem is that it has been so long since I watched it that I have forgotten a lot of stuff. I think I will rewatch the final episode of the season to reboot my memory before season 2 begins.
I'd lose my mind if something or someone of the Stargate series was incorporated, even ever so slightly, into Dark Matter. I'd get giddy if it was even something as subtle as the point of origin symbol drawn on the side of some building. I can dream....
The large majority of people in /r/amifreetogo will discuss what the civilian and police both did correctly and/or incorrectly. Granted most of the videos are of police overstepping their bounds, but people are generally not afraid to call out the person filming if they say or do something they shouldn't have. Best way to learn about the issues is hearing criticism on all fronts.
I don't know the how many combinations there are for key fobs, but some drunk dude with the same mustang that I had at the time kept unlocking my car and trying to get in. Luckily I was outside and saw it happening and i would hit the lock button after he would hit his unlock button. It went on for a minute or so until he realized it wasn't his car due to me yelling repeatedly.
I posted that one due to the police employing a seemingly new technique in filming citizens. She sounded like she was going off a script they were told to use if they see someone filming them so it I felt it was important to share with the sub since filming encounters is at the very heart of issue. There are many videos where a person has no clue what they are talking about, but there are other factors that make it worthy of posting. I take heat from some dude in the sub who thinks I only post SC videos. I have posted SC videos in there before because even SC sometimes refuse to give consent to search their vehicles. It's still annoying to hear the other fallacies they talk about, but unfortunately they do sometimes do or say things that actually merit a post.
This opinion appears to only deal with post arrest tests. Never submit to FST's.
I am not sure about every state but it would be interesting if there is a penalty just for the FST refusal. I have read about people who refuse the post-arrest tests as well and end up being found not guilty at trial of the dui. Then because of the automatic DL suspension, they have to go fight that as well in court. I remember some guy winning that as well but I don't even want to think of how much money that would cost to undertake.
That person is some kind of bizarre troll. They only focus on me and SC videos for some reason. It is very odd and I almost want to think it's a real life friend of mine that is screwing with me hahaha.
[Another pic of him swimming](http://i.imgur.com/TC6dDiP.jpg) Edit: [Here is Manute hitting 6 3 pointers in a half](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45czWPhWQOI).
Here is the relevant parts I have found: 39-17-1308. Defenses to unlawful possession or carrying of a weapon. (a) It is a defense to the application of § 39-17-1307 if the possession or carrying was: (1) Of an unloaded rifle, shotgun or handgun not concealed on or about the person and the ammunition for the weapon was not in the immediate vicinity of the person or weapon; (2) By a person authorized to possess or carry a firearm pursuant to § 39-17-1315 or § 39-17-1351; This also now brings up the thing that places like San Antonio and some other cities were trying to pull, where they want to seize your gun and check to make sure it isn't loaded.
You probably saw this, but for those who haven't, [News Now Houston](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-J6q5pVKoM#t=2m20s) has started using "in this day and age" line back at the cops.
I saw that but it also is from 2 years ago and didn't appear to be actually put into legislation. Just voted on by one part of the state senate. [Article on the bill dying in the House](http://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2015/03/11/open-carry-among-gun-bills-killed-house/70175112/).
An excellent reason to keep up to date with Efukt.
I get what you are saying but the reality is that the extremely vast majority of people in this country do not even understand their basic rights. Until the mainstream media puts forth a serious effort to advise people of their basic rights, it is up to the rest of us to just keep on posting the videos.
There could be several lawsuits and appeals. It could go on for years. It's up to he people watching to do what they can to follow the case. I admit there isn't much more you could do than to subscribe to the guys Youtube page, but perhaps people could comment there and see if he wants to talk with PINAC or something like that. There are people like Battousai, NNH, etc that post updates to cases.
I think that is the point of posting the video. He may have not have been legally obligated to give his permit. We are still trying to find out where it says you must produce it on demand to an LEO.
I had a FedEx driver casually toss their Mcdonald's bag of trash out of the truck on the highway. The partially finished soft drink explodes all over my windshield. I had instant road rage and wanted blood but I calmed down. What pisses me off the most is that it wasn't even something as mundane as a cigarette or even as egregious as dumping a mattress or used tires. It was a fucking bag of trash from their lunch that they didn't want to keep in the truck and throw away at their destination.
I looked but it wasn't like one of those "call #### to report a problem" stickers. It was just some numbers and letters from what I can recall. This was years ago. I was too enraged to think clearly and remember them and I also had to get off at the next exit.
Thanks for find that. Now the question is whether that entire section is concerning concealed carry or concealed and open carry. I'm guessing from most of the the comments and sources, that it is being assumed that they also mean open carry since it looks like there is no specific distinction?
I thought people only rubbernecked on the road to fap/fuck at accident scenes with casualties?
No, I agree it makes sense. I'm just commenting on what other people who are cranky about the symbolism posts are probably thinking. I guess we put our *faith* in the Reddit voting system as far as whether they are plausible or shit.
[Sometimes dad needs a leash at the Hoover Dam](http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=f4c_1338859188)
I would like to see something where both sides can come out of a situation like this feeling confident that everything is kosher. I hate to use this example because it has its own issues, but as far from an operational standpoint, the CA dual purpose checkpoints. Motorists just show their DL and the cop just visually inspects it is valid and the people move along. They aren't running everyone's name for warrants because of the impractical nature and that the person is not suspected of committing a crime. If the cops would just see that you have a valid conceal carry permit, and tell you to have a nice day, I THINK both sides would take that compromise. These situations where the police automatically detain people where open carry is legal just to check them for warrants and if they are convicted felons is what irks law-abiding gun owners.
Come on, someone do a where are they now on each redditor listed!
I don't think any of us knows every law or has time to really look into each case so figuring things out as a group is the way it should be done.
I mentioned to someone else that there could be compromise with these types of incidents where permits are required if the open carrier would show the cop their permit and the cop would just see that it is current and be on their way. No need to run the persons name for warrants and all of that. Now obviously it states where you do not need a permit to open carry, then you have to decide if you want to continue to stand your grand and refuse to ID.
The only thing I'd tell the guy is that he should check with the city records on the property lines. It's not worth the hassle of a possible trespass if they want to push the issue and involve local police.
[doink doink](http://i.imgur.com/e3ysUkG.jpg)
So you could have married Google in years past: *California - The age of consent in California is 18. It is illegal for anyone to engage in sexual intercourse with a minor (someone under the age of 18), unless they are that person's spouse.*
[White people wearing black people masks to commit crimes](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1334726/Conrad-Zdzierak-white-man-pleads-guilty-wearing-black-man-disguise-robberies.html) and [Black people wearing white people masks to commit crimes](http://nypost.com/2013/07/31/black-robbers-used-2000-white-masks-to-fool-victims-in-200000-town-style-stickup-prosecutors-say/).
There are 2 other videos recently uploaded but they contain nothing much more than about 19 total minutes of the cop going through the car from a distance and the guys cat meowing enough to cause you to go insane.
I like how some people just repeat the same question the cops ask back at them. It seems like a good technique if you are unable to control your ability to stay silent, but I'm sure we could come up with a scenario where it could backfire. For example, if the cop asks if your rifle is loaded and you ask if their rifle is loaded, except they aren't carrying one. Their mentality may be that you are delusional and seeing things that aren't there.
I thought in the main thread on this case last week or whenever, it was said that he was detained, albeit illegally. I wondered what would have happened if he had refused to ID anyway. Just another charge to stack on or does it complicate the eventual SC ruling?
The guy in the video in fact says the cop could be a Crip hahaha.
I nearly fapped to that dude back in like '97. Had to run downstairs to the computer and Lycos whether it was a boy or girl.
I even remember google appearing but thinking it was "just another one" and sticking with whatever felt the norm at that moment.
As people on other subs have mentioned, the police probably will be very interested in having this technology at their disposal. Some people even claim they've already have had videos they took of the police mysteriously delete on their own. Could just be paranoia, but the technology probably already exists if we are just hearing about it now.
[Welp, 2 days ago Flordia Man struck](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/news/florida-man-dumps-bucket-containing-feces-communit/nrpQW/)
[Remember this video?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4nay84cMqY#t=45s). Yeah, it might be fake, but I like to think not.
The lead singer. Taylor?
