Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before. Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason. She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes. Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it. Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
Why shame micropenises? :p physical traits beyond their owner's control are a shitty thing to give people a hard time over.
100,000 years of evolution have bestowed upon men bulletproof skin, flawless reflexes, the ability to avoid going into shock, subdermal armor sufficient to withstand a charging rhinoceros, a huge tactical edge in piloting aircraft and drones (anything that involves a joystick, because ... come on), and an innate tactical instinct so deftly honed that it's no accident Ender Wiggin was a man. (He saved us all. We must spare his life even if we somehow do triumph.)
Color me shocked. Did 59% say they'd be fine with it?
That's really startlingly high acceptance, relatively speaking. Wow.
I always loved history, but yes, so much yes, and I can come close to tears thinking of the pain suffered by people like me. It's to the point where ancient Scythia is the bright spot my mind's eye focuses in on.
You don't owe anyone trailblazer status. Frankly, transitioning is already a knife to the heart of sex-class-based oppression, because it's obviously absurd to erect an essentialist hierarchy when you can't even rely on people to stay in their foundational boxes, much less the boxes built atop them. Trans people have paid our dues. :p
I'm toying with the idea of writing a keep-me-busy-between-projects novel or novella in honor of the late Tanith Lee. It'd probably be a 21st century Gatsby adaptation/reworking with carefully controlled elements of the weird, gender dynamics taking front stage, etc. May pm!
I agree, and I think different kinds of deviation from a cis/heterosexual norm force different confrontations with embodiment, language, perception. I was talking to an agender friend (who makes a point of presenting in such a way that no one can tell their birth assignment, which is how they prefer it) about "passing" not as an attribute of an individual ('you totally pass! ") but as a flawed descriptor of a social engagement. Something as supposedly simple as which sex you perceive other humans as belonging to turns out super complex. Last November, I started to find male gas station attendants and other service employees were paying me a lot more attention, being mildly flirty, etc. I can be a bit dense but eventually I started to realize they were seeing me as clearly female no matter what strangeness I saw in the mirror. When I mentioned it to a longtime straight cis male friend who knew me before, he was extremely skeptical. "Maybe they were just being friendly?" Since he's really easy to read, I realized that he actually saw a different me than they did, one tinged with memories of my past body, a sort of perceptual Instagram filter of woman-in-theory-and-intent-but-not-perceptually, whereas they saw me through a different filter because they wanted to see a woman whose incidental attention would be a tiny pleasant moment amid a tedious day. The upshot of the conversation with my agender friend was that trans people tend to be forced to confront issues of the nature of perception because it's so often vital to our having any social agency. I'm not super big on being an incidental pair of breasts and legs to stare at, but I can't control that, only shape what people see within a limited range by sending out clear easily read clues.
What do you do when a person's visible dimorphism is, say, female, but you later learn that they were born with male genitals?
No one can fully know anyone else's experience, but there are probably trans women you have a lot in common with and cis women whose experiences are rather alien to you. For example, I find that there are aspects of my experiences which mean I relate really well to other infertile women who wish they could have children, whether those women are trans or cis, and can't relate as well to mothers who've never had fertility issues, though society is far more full of the narratives of mothers.
I'm really liking sense8. I'll review it more rigorously later. I had a powerful visceral reaction to seeing her, and the girl I'm seeing told me she'd burn a motherfucker down to save me, so perhaps I saw the first few episodes in a really flattering context, but I'm liking it.
That's the one!
As someone who thinks there are neurobiological bases to being trans--possibly many kinds, we have no idea--no, not really. Transition is slow (ohgodsoslow) and if someone's life isn't being improved they'll usually know. If their life is being improved, what's the problem? :p trans is a useful word that helps us describe a range of experiences, but ultimately the only coherent way to approach transition is as a personal choice.
You really should tell us what you're responding to or else *ask us* whether we'd prefer universal or female only prison reform.
I'm sure he did take his brain to work. It must be a nice brain, all shiny and chrome and only gently used.
I discovered a few weeks ago that one of my close friends is also subbed to trollx and raisedbynarcissists. Led to some fascinating conversations and a lot more meme sharing.
US academia. Transphobia is considered declasse.
Luck has nothing to do with it (except the luck of having poor at the time but highly educated parents, which led to academics, which led to scholarships, etc). I first heard anyone anywhere speak out for trans rights in college, and I didn't want to leave the safe ivory cocoon. Knowing trans people were safer in college was actually a huge part of why I felt safer there, though somehow I didn't put two and two together
Cis means not trans. The majority of gay men are cis but not straight. There are structural features to the way that cis men tend to be treated in society. Those can be talked about, including which areas of life are not artificially made harder for white people or cis people or men. I feel entitled to make statements like that because the facts bear them out.
finally. /u/drewiepoodle, thanks for this--and btw, how do you handle reading the sheer volume of material you link? Do you ever feel like nonstop ragetears, maybe stealing a war rig?
Good height to be! Even if sometimes you smash your face on cabinet doors and have to fold into your car.
Do you have some reason to think that her hrt regimen is off in some way? :p
Ain't that the truth.
I hang my head in shame.
Reddit won't implode unless there's another web paradigm shift. If I didn't have the reddit trans community, idk.
Define the threat of violence. Is it when a man glares at me and makes sexual gestures because he's angry? Do I get to be oppressed as a trans woman but not as a white woman, because I do have to be afraid of being hurt or killed for it, but not remotely as much as a black trans woman would? How much harm do I need to fear before I can say I'm oppressed? What if I just want to say that the fear I'm being subjected to is *oppressive*--same standards? Or do I get leeway?
For maybe five minutes on Thursday evenings, to remember what it felt like to walk around with something dangling. How unpleasant. Sorry. No, not anymore.
Agreed. I think it's a good follow-up question for OP too. If those kind of outcomes were unwanted, transition would be a horrible experience.
Serious answer: I think that it will be about a broader right to self-determination that connects trans rights with other rights, because that's probably the easiest way to help society get used to nonbinary people without damaging the gains to binary trans people who strongly identify as male or female and would not appreciate "life without labels" being imposed on them. For a binary trans person like myself, the "second wave" is hardly dead though. From a trans rights perspective, that fight is only over when a trans girl in middle school can steal her best friend's boyfriend and get the reaction "oh my god, you horrible traitor, I thought we were friends, I will destroy you utterly" and not "omg my boyfriend is gay and you're a sick fucked up boy." A society which accepts straight trans women as straight women, gay trans men as gay men--it's not impossibly far away, and I think it's coming fast, but it's not here yet. And of course not everyone agrees on the desirability of that--but as one who massively prefers to be seen as the woman I identify as (humans are social animals and it's absolutely bizarre to pretend that how others see us doesn't generally matter), I obviously have a strong vested interest. That's not to say that we should wait on binary acceptance before taking actions that will help nonbinary trans people. From a societal standpoint, visibly nonbinary trans people are much more at risk of getting the brunt of harassment.
Because sex and gender are so nearly-fused in most cis people's perception and have been since time immemorial, most discrimination against people with female reproductive systems is irretrievably entangled in discrimination against people recognized as women. The dilemma of, say, a trans man who needs access to an ob/gyn and abortion rights, doesn't arise because society wants to make it hard for men to get abortions--it's a side-effect of living in a society which doesn't have mental space for the concept that some men have uteruses. I'm not really sure what you mean by acceptable discrimination. As a trans woman, I'll be very lucky if I ever need a pap smear. (Bless me, sci fi future tech!) I'm not sure where discrimination would come into it though. I also don't think that the patriarchal power structure perceives a distinction, because I don't think it's built on an intellectual foundation that recognizes gender as thing. Frankly, there's little agreement on what gender *is* among trans people or among feminists, only a number of threads. (Personally, I believe gender to be the brain's assumptions or preferences for the sex expression of the rest of the body, a sort of software driver which usually matches the hardware, with rare exceptions that we call trans. But if someone else views gender as social classes built on the basis of reproductive sex, and someone else views gender as a matter of personal style and group affinity, then all three of us are going to need a bigger boat. and a common language. "in the land of Shinar they built a tower and called it Babel.")
Though to be fair, I'm white as a ghost and middle-class. My risk of violence is slightly elevated, but nothing like what I'd be looking at if I were a trans woman of color. I am in sympathy with the resistance, but I live in the Capital District and watch the Hunger Games on television with the rest of the liberal white feminist academics. My most disadvantaged friends are poor white trans women with socially/economically mixed friend groups--reddit's userbase skews somewhat privileged at least in terms of social capital, so even my poorest friends, on foodstamps and public assistance, have well-to-do friends and substantial skillsets. It helps. The support systems I can rely on to keep me from being murdered are less available the less you can access either middle-class income or a powerful support network. Hasn't kept several of my friends from being attacked anyway, but for the trans women I immediately know, the angel of death generally threatens to come in the form of an intentional overdose or a plastic bag over our head, not in the form of an angry man bludgeoning us to death.
I think they were able to live happy lives, but I also think you can live a happy life with a cancer diagnosis or with Alzheimer's, and could have done 100 years ago. Being chronically ill with a severe condition is a huge net life negative, but you can live well in spite of it. You just always live in its shadow. Modern medical transition is just a huge help. And imagining myself trying to live a happy life as a man makes me want to scream and cry. :P
I think there's a genetic component. One of my best friends (mtf) had a grandfather who crossdressed (no way of knowing if it went further than that or would have in a more accepting time) and her mother has all the signs of a repressed trans man and routinely uses her experience to argue that gender issues aren't real, basically "because if I can be normal so can you." If that's just a random incidence, I guess it's like 1 in 20000 odds or something, but obviously it's too small an anecdotal sample to draw anything but ideas from.
Right. It's a choice between tabloid covers and Vanity Fair covers.
No, pretty useful. Not all work in gender studies is going to be useful, but a lot is, and having useful frameworks to order and interpret experiences of gender can be a bit of a life saver sometimes.
It's a good question and would make sense to put in a FAQ. Usually people just start a new post for it, though, with any additional info on that specific situation. Edit to be unsolicitedly helpful: generally kids don't need that much explanation beyond the simple fact that someone was very unhappy as a girl, for example, and took medicine to become a man. (More complicated concepts like presentation and gender identity aren't necessarily as useful to a small child.)
Not everything has to have a clear application to be worth studying in academia. Some of it will be applied later, and some of it is just good to add to the knowledge library of our species to save people time in the future when we want to know. Humanity is a bit like a game of Minecraft where you're always setting up a really cool base for your future world exploration.
Human life has no purpose to begin with, but I'm not espousing the strong version of the position you propose. I think there's plenty of wasted time and effort in the world, but I don't think the research arm of academia is a bad offender there. If you want pure make work made necessary solely because human society has issues, try the financial aid office. :p or try the customer care system for every major enterprise: there are people who spend their lives ameliorating artificial problems generated by other systems designed to ameliorate problems generated by other systems. That's where I'm coming from. At least in academia, you're expanding our knowledge base, usually in a notionally accessible way. But that's because I arbitrarily value knowledge. I'm not alive for a reason or anything beyond historical contingency.
You got me there. I'll take space travel, and hope that the clam gun didn't contain the true secrets to the universe.
A lot of us are armchair sociologists or have read a smattering of theory, but I haven't met many trans redditors who were practicing social scientists in any professional or academic sense. That may however be a reddit demography thing.
You're probably right, then! Side note, totally irrelevant: just now my brain clicked and I was like, oh, the necronomicon!
Cast it into the fire! Vagina please, what I've got going on right now is really not for me.
I'm a trans woman. For me, "identifying as a woman" means my body should be female, so I'm taking corrective steps. This wasn't less true when I still looked male. Any cultural femininity I've picked up, I've picked up for the same reason that any other woman does, mimesis, and it's no less or more legitimate than anyone else's. Don't make this overly complicated. :p
I mean, let's not be disingenuous. Clearly there's such a thing as male and female. Infants can tell them apart before they learn language. Binary trans people who transition (there are sometimes reasons not to, like health problems or family and career issues) modify our bodies toward the sex we identify as. I use "gender identity" as shorthand for "the sex I should be." Estrogen is what makes female people's bodies have female dimorphisms, and vice versa for testosterone. So I looked androgenic and now I look estrogenic. Body works pretty differently now. I pretty much corrected a severe hormonal imbalance, and I feel much better as a result.
If someone calls me a man, I'll call them an asshole. Does that count?
If your hormones are within normal female levels, you're talking about presentation and/or temporary or permanent cosmetics. Male and female bodies are fairly different on average, but not that different, as humans are a weakly dimorphic species, so much of the differences are underscored, emphasized, or created by cultural presentation. If you want a classically feminine body as defined by western mainstream society, well, most of the cosmetic and medical interventions that trans women use were developed for cis women first. Many cis women spend a great deal of time and money feminizing themselves; many cis men spend hours in the gym to achieve a virile muscular manly look. What you're looking for might involve some combination of clothing and makeup , surgery, and exercise/dietary patterns.
Actually, go back and read your ancient Greek historians again. You'll find, for instance, references to Scythian sorceresses who drank pregnant mare urine (high in potent estrogens) to transform from male to female. It takes only a modest attempt to look before your find that trans people have been around far longer than our modern transition technology. This has been something that happens to human beings since as long as we've had human beings. And then if you must identify as a tomato and it helps cure you of painful and debilitating issues, I'll be respectful, and I'll even put you in a pico de galli. But if you're just looking for cute false analogies and tendentious claims built on poor understanding of the facts, then I am afraid you're marinara grade at best.
That happened with one of my old suits, minus the arousal. Just "a man has got into my clothes! Smells kinda good in an alien way. Wait that was me."
My friend is 40 and rocks a leopard print dyed side cut. Everyone thinks she's the bees' knees, if bees were huge badasses.
It's not like he's advertising anything but the look he's known for. As someone who is super down with looking very conventionally attractive, I'm going with him for that reason. If I wanted something else I'd pick someone else.
Impulse castrations = "hey I'm feeling like hacking something off for fun today, but I'll want my balls back next month." And yes, it really helps to have some sex hormones in your body.
That said, surgical castration without any hormone replacement is welcome to menopause anyway. All I'm saying is I think it'd be reasonable to require a test drive of the hormonal state you're looking to have for life, whatever that is.
I started at 28, she started at 22. Our mutual friend started at 19 and has A cups . it's genetic! And when we've all had breasts for ten years, I don't think we'll be very different from a comparable sample of cis women.
It's certainly not for everyone, but I *like* high femme, I like the big eyes/delicate features look, and I think my personality and intellect are unique enough that it doesn't matter if my form is stereotypically flawless--should be all upside except for the expense and heal time. That said, I've seen good work from Spiegel and I do think most of the well known ffs surgeons do good work, I just like Zukowski's aesthetic. It was nice talking to him and realizing that his aesthetic matches mine pretty well. (Is not even like eye-focused face is the only school of conventionally attractive; but it's the school I subscribe to most. All the cliches about soul windows and jeweled pools actually resonate with me, and being able to play in the range between business-casual Barbie and elf queen suits me fine. Kinda scared that the first few weeks will be straight out of Kafka though.
It helps to remember that most people aren't that nice. ;p
This is why privilege, while useful as a term of analysis in feminist critique, isn't so hot for discussing lived experience: almost invariably it means "freedom from imposed bullshit other people get hit with." Which most people with "privileges" will admit even if they don't consider it a privilege.
I think it's unfortunate that gender identity is the term that came into common usage, because of exactly this confusion. 1. My body was born male. I needed it to be female in order for it to make sense to me. We call this gender identity, but I experience it more as sex self-sense. 2. Because of my body at birth, I was told I was supposed to embody the cultural construct of a man. For a while I tried to, but I looked to female people as role models for reasons I can't explain, so I didn't like the male gender roles largely because it meant I was performing other-than-female and underlining something I wasn't comfortable with. When I changed my sex, I also decided to embody the cultural construct of a woman on my own terms, doing what I wish to do and trying to protect my freedom not to do what I don't wish to do. This is "gender," or gender roles. Like everyone else, trans people must navigate them on their own terms, and feminism can help us broaden what we're allowed and how we're permitted to be as humans. And frankly we could do away with all of the expectations of this category without hurting me. 3. What about "sex"? Am I "biologically" male or female? This is an epistemological question as much as biological. I am incapable of either sexual reproductive role; my endocrinology and morphology are estrogenic; while I've never been chromosome typed, I assume my cells contain XY; and insofar as brain structures respond to hormones or are innately dimorphic, while I'm probably closer to female averages than male, I believe those aggregates are built from fairly weak and poorly understood trends; certainly *mentally* I have more in common with people of both sexes who process information in similar ways to me than I do with some abstract average of female human brains. As a matter of common courtesy, especially in a society which legally has no concept of gender and uses sex as an aggregate of both, I prefer to be identified as female unless there's a compelling interest to get more specific (if I'm about to have abdominal surgery for instance) in which case "woman with transsexual body" works.
Post gender society sounds great. I'll still want to be a human being with estrogen and female morphology, and maybe without cultural baggage people won't think that's weird for someone who was born with testes.
&gt; How do feminists reconcile religious texts that treat them as dirty, conniving, second class second class citizens with their own faith? Speaking for myself? Poorly.
They're not DOING anything to the majority of society. They're just existing. Did I behave any differently before I blended, no. I was just being me, but people stared. Then eventually they didn't see anything that startled them, they ran their "this person is a chick" scripts automatically, and nobody stared anymore. *But I didn't do anything to them when I wasn't passing, and I didn't stop doing anything to them when I started passing. It was literally all them.* Society hates us and is alienated from us via irrational prejudice. They need to get over it. It's not our problem, whether we're stunningly gorgeous cis-passing types or rather confusing-looking--we're human beings, generally no more full of ill-will than most, trying to live our lives. Consider this analogy. Is it morally acceptable for people in the gay male community to be like, "I really hate gay men who aren't models of masculinity, they humiliate me because everyone assumes that all gay guys are limp-wristed sissies"? I say no: it's none of their freaking business whether some other gay man looks manly enough not to get stared at, and as soon as society completes the process of realizing that gay men are just men who are gay, full stop, some manly and some not, *the problem goes away*.
For your own peace of mind, I would try to find a way that does not involve her. She's not wrong that you can graduate and pay for your own transition, though have you looked into transition-related coverage and care through your university? That's usually pretty inexpensive until you've graduated and can pull down a larger income.
Awwwwww. :) you look happier.
In that moment, though, it was impossible to hate the mother entirely. It was painful rather than villainous.
You make your own healthy trans community through a selection process. I met all my trans friends here. Our relationships were about 1) keeping each other sane and alive, and 2) the fact that we had enough in common as humans that we spent a fair bit of time (over 50%, increasingly so) talking about more than just trans issues. Cisnormativity, transmisogyny, transphobia--all that's real, yes. But it doesn't work the way that paranoid trans teenagers sometimes assume. It usually isn't a chosen action performed by someone who understands what's going on, it's the social values and assumptions that lead to actions which are individually fairly harmless and yet add up cumulatively to a really rough time for trans people. So if you're looking for supportive trans friends, maybe look for ones who understand that our problems usually stem more from structural ignorance and society being set up for, well, not-us, than from scheming cis malice.
When will you be out at work? I ask because the four months I was presenting everywhere but work (toward the end I was actually just using the old name and pronouns at work but just dressing the same way all the time) were some of the hardest in my transition. That constant switch really messed with my head.
Your body doesn't define you, but it also isn't merely an irrelevant meat robot: it shapes and contains your mental experience. I really don't like the experience of having a penis, I've had one since I was born, I kinda wanted it gone even as a small child, and I'm old enough to make an executive decision to have different genitals when I can afford them.
It could be the smile, but it looks like you're seeing cheek fat start to move around, hence you look like you're getting better cheekbones, which is one of the first visible changes for many trans women. Anyway, congrats and good luck :)
Like my vagina grew shut and my clitoris is weird and floppy and never where I expect it to be, and I can more or less remember what it should be like, but it's not. It's fucking weird.
Realistically, a determined enemy who weighed 97 lbs could kill anyone on the planet. Your odds of being harmed probably haven't actually much increased unless you have active enemies (I know you've said in the past that you work somewhat in the public eye, so YMMV). That said, your threats may not have increased, but the supply of force you can spend to protect yourself has likely reduced. Just going from being stronger than most humans I met to being weaker than most (most men and quite a few women are now stronger than me) shook me up pretty badly, especially as it happened during the period of time I was visibly trans. I didn't think I'd be attacked, but I knew I'd have trouble defending myself. It's an adjustment.
I think there's a degree of "how much of a public figure was their pre-transition self" involved. Janet Mock's deadname isn't mentioned (she was not a WP-notable child or adolescent!); Chaz Bono's and Caitlyn Jenner's probably always will be. And that seems fairly legitimate to me, since people will and do seek information on public figures without expecting to get pre-fame dirt on them that isn't a matter of the public record. Should I ever join the ranks of People I Know With Wikipedia Pages, I'm hoping that my deadname won't come up or be seen as remotely noteworthy. I haven't really done anything worth remembering under it.
I think unfortunately the word "gender" is used in a different sense colloquially by trans people than the sense that would be used in feminist discourse or anthropology. "Sex identity" might be less confusing, but "gender identity" ended up the term we use, which is nice and confusing.
Require female body.
Hard to say. Honestly, it complicates itself. Watching the mother delivering Nomi, you can see why she clings so fiercely to her deadname, and it's a moment of multiple sympathies.
If all your remaining years are academically strong and your test scores are high, you'll just want to make sure your admission essay talks about the academic journey you've taken, everything you've done to become the student you are, etc. It's very common to come back from poor early academic performance. You just want to increasingly prove yourself henceforth. Not all colleges have the same medical plans, but you can usually find out whether any given school covers hrt and other tabs care.
This is a case where the TIL/ELI5 version should be very wary of the emphasis offered. We neither want society at large to get the incorrect impression that our transitions are not medically necessary NOR the incorrect impression that being trans is only legitimate present crippling dysphoria experienced narrowly as suicidal misery.
Reminder appreciated.
I mean I agree that fixing society would pretty much solve our suicide problem, but 1) how can we cope until society is fixed? 2) what incremental steps can we use to cope and also fix society bit by bit?
Yeah, I was also lucky and very alert to the first signs that I was losing my shit, and I did a lot of preemptive reaching out to people who kept me from really devastating my reserves--was very proactive about planning not to kill myself when I didn't particularly want to die--but I've also had a fairly easy transition--divorced but not disowned, supportive friends, supportive colleagues, one of the more supportive legal contexts (NJ in the US, employed indirectly by the state but falling directly under non discrimination legislation)--in short, other people had already blazed the trail and made it fairly safe. And I still don't know if I'd be here absent any of these supportive factors. I'm hoping we can find ways as a community and as individuals to spread best practices for not dying and also reduce or ameliorate the pressures that can put us there.
This is exactly what I was hoping for. It sucks that our community needs to share techniques for not dying, and even the best preparation isn't guaranteed, but I do think we need this kind of advice collected and systematized to make staying alive a bit easier.
I recognize how far we've come and my morale is actually pretty high, and I agree that activism now can pay huge dividends later, but if we can keep more of us alive to see that future, it'll come faster and more of us will be around to enjoy it.
Ah, well, that's different. I think I may have to start asking people though. I didn't realize how important this was to me.
This is crucial. I wonder if formal crisis plans help significantly--I know that they would have helped me as a friend know what sequence of actions to take, and I'd intuit that they'd be useful, but a formal plan takes a lot of cold planning and would pretty much have to be made with multiple friends well in advance of a crisis.
Radioactive wolves. Want to be one. Seems super rad. ... Sorry.
You can be a butch woman or a fem man. You can be a butch trans woman or a fem trans man. It's not really that complicated.
So .... More reply to more of your post later, but ... You can message me and talk. I have no idea if we'll be friends or anything, but you can tell me what's eating you alive, and I will get it.
I'm not happy with any of the best known visualisations, but it really isn't that complicated imo. I was born male, transitioned to female, and am a woman. My body has its weirdnesses and irregularities, but that's par for the course: all humans are literally one-off models, unique and idiosyncratic. There are trans men too, and there are people to whom those categories don't apply very well.
Define success stories. I have a decent job (I adjunct at state universities in a mid-atlantic state with fairly high pay rates), I'm legally protected, I blend well enough that I've never had any problems this year, I've started multiple important relationships (one is tender and mutually supportive, one flashy and terrifyingly unstable but full of moments like jewels), I'm going to have FFS in probably December (I count nothing as definite until the date's booked) and SRS in the next couple of years whenever I can afford that, and my biggest problem with my body now is flabby arms, which ... disgust me but don't cause me the slightest dysphoria. It's kind of amazing being unhappy with some aspect of my body without feeling like it's someone else's body I've been stuck in. I also deal with depression, anxiety, and rage. A lot of my friends come close to suicide fairly regularly. (We haven't lost anyone since October, but it's about time to drive up and collect some friends for blanket-fort-and-cuddles so I can keep them from being alone during a rough time.) But transitioning has improved my life almost unimaginably and changed it nearly beyond recognition. I like being me. I love myself more than I hate myself. I could grow old with myself and not want to rage quit life. edit: omg! thank you for the gold, kind stranger, whomever you be!
It's just intensely ameliorated. You're still going to feel superlatively shitty sometimes. Cis people certainly often do.
I don't think suicide tends to work that way. I'm not a danger to myself, but it's not because of willpower or attachment to life--it's just blind luck. I haven't drained certain reserves of mental energy. I can keep walking forward like this indefinitely. In case of most foreseeable shocks, I can plan for them, sustain them, and rebuild myself. But if I had transitioned just a few years later, my reserves would have been far less full, and smaller shocks would have been far more likely to deplete me enough that I just couldn't keep doing this. My friend C transitioned twice. The first time, at nineteen, she struggled financially, she was very visibly trans, and she took public transportation to work every day--and she never thought of suicide and was mentally quite steady. But due to family pressures and falling in love, she detransitioned and got married, and a decade later retransitioned after divorce. Her anxiety was crippling and she had constant suicidal ideation. She didn't want to want to die; she wanted to want to live. She just couldn't sustain it. She also didn't think her life meant nothing to others, and having several friends she could talk to extended her life somewhat. She was very sweet and encouraging, and quite the opposite of too proud. She *thought of* herself as a quitter, but she had sacrificed everything she had left to transition, and she stuck it out as long as she could. *If that were enough to keep her alive, she'd still be alive*. I agree with your message that we're not alone. I just think that "not alone" looks like a lot of late night phone calls and impromptu mid-range road trips and close calls and building habits of outreach. And even then, sometimes it's not going to be enough. I'm sorry.
... Okay. Tell me more about how I don't get laid, hate sex, hate independence, hate free will, hate men, hate women, and generally slaughter puppies because I despise their free spirits. :) I probably won't respond in much detail. This isn't /r/sex and I'm sure I don't want to go into huge detail about my love life here. But I'm definitely interested in learning about all the things about me that I clearly don't know about. I was under the illusion that I expect men and women to treat each other like individuals and adults, not like members of different, adversarial species, but you must have access to some information about how I operate that I don't. Or ... it's also possible you just have a really strong idea of what feminists "have to be" that's somewhat unmoored from reality. In which case you could ask us if we hate sex and other women having sex and men and puppies and civilization and math and critical thinking and art and history and calligraphy and time travel, and also you could ask to get an idea of the range of feminist opinions on subjects.
Since when is cis a derogatory term? Most of my friends are cis, most people are cis, most trans people were literally created by cis people having sex. I can understand feeling like the whole world is against trans people and not set up to treat us as full humans, *and that's true*, but that doesn't mean that trans people hate cis people any more than gay people hate straight people.
It's not used that way in most contexts I'm in. If you're finding yourself in places where hurting trans people have decided to cut themselves off from all cis people and view them as the enemy, *then I understand why they feel that way*, but maybe you should hang with different people?
My cis inamorata has wider shoulders and skinnier hips than I do (I'm pretty much an hourglass) and while it limits her clothing selection, she's routinely called gorgeous and stunning. Unusual body features are pretty normal and fairly few people have average features across the board (if they do, we typically call them very pretty). Trans women's bodies usually end up somewhat normal in build; skeletons are like coat hangers for the soft tissues, and don't distort the final result much mostly.
Half of all men are smaller than average. If you're several standard deviations smaller than that, obviously that might be a problem for intercourse, though it might make you a better candidate for anal or for women who run a bit tighter. Suicide isn't really a good answer.
Are men really able to handle casual sex? Gender doesn't really affect that. Some combination of beliefs, values, and preferences does.
Imagine you woke up tomorrow with an enormous horn in the center of your forehead. Horns are pretty cool, right? That's seriously neat. But I doubt you'd be happy to see it. Now imagine feathers and scales began to sprout on your skin. Panicking? Now a bunch of scaly people with horns in their foreheads roll up and start talking to you like they know you. Of course, because you're a horn, you love Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette. That's just how horns are. "But I'm not a horn." "Look in the mirror, buddy. You're an awesome horn." And then you hear that you can make the feathers and scales go away. You can get the horn removed. People will stop treating you like a horn. You may actually like Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette, or you may not. The point is, you really don't want a fucking horn. Does that make sense? The thing that tells you that you're not supposed to have a horn and scales and feathers is your sense of body, your body map. If I cut your arm off, your body map would be kinda pissed. "But I should have an arm!" -&gt; phantom arm. And that, dear OP, is the story of my phantom vagina. It's the story of why body hair felt alien on my body and why breasts feel natural. You don't experience that dissonance because your software matches your hardware; you're not trying to run hardware you lack and constantly glitching up because of it. That's why we transition. And our transition technologies have gotten pretty effective. We rewrite our bodies hormonally, then if necessary reshape them surgically. And honestly ... &gt; On the other hand, if people want to be treated as their new gender (apologies if that is poor phrasing), that doesn't seem very realistic at this point in our society, which would just make it more difficult to live the life you want. (I know this is shitty, I'm just trying to put it in the perspective of a personal choice). ... it is indeed shitty that we're treated as pariahs if we don't blend in perfectly. That said, for preconceptions rectification, go to /r/transtimelines. Try not to view it as a hotornot. Look at the expressions instead. Try to see the emotional weight coming off. Tell me if we look happier or sadder, and then tell me if you still think we're being unrealistic.
I'm trans. I would absolutely have sex with my old body (my glamorous armor of fake manliness was pretty freaking attractive, as entirely too many people have told me since transition--were most of my straight girl friends into me back then? Wtf?), but not if I were inside it. I remember how much I hated being in that body. Cute? Yes. But if I caught a glimpse of that pain, I just couldn't. And if I saw my old face looking up at me with sad, envious tenderness, I think it would break my heart Now, if it were just a normal, reasonably happy guy living in my old body, sure, that'd be creepily hot.
Ultimately, I have no idea. Something extremely deep-seated tells me my body should be female, and has done since I could understand that there were two sexes of people. I assume it's the same as cis people's sense that they're supposed to be the sex they are, except for me it's in reverse. However, I will say this: *people's self-understanding is necessarily incomplete and often wildly inaccurate*. A woman who transitioned to male for the sweet sweet male privilege would probably experience some body horror in a pretty big way; if your bf is happier in his body post-transition, he doesn't have to have a great explanation for or understanding of his reasons for transition to have been medically necessary. I agree that it's a problematic understanding, but I also think that it's not necessary for trans people to always have a clear understanding of WHY they want to transition, just that they need to and are happier as a result. I sometimes see posts along the lines of "I transitioned because I wanted awesome sex!" and I generally don't take them at face value exactly. I figure that self-description can lag self-understanding, which can in turn lag knowledge of one's needs. If someone transitions and is way happier, I figure that even if they think they transitioned just for better social opportunities or something, they probably *needed* to transition across the board and just don't like saying that.
Finish recovering from FFS that I had Tuesday, get back into shape, and build an artistic empire to strengthen my finances, help out my friends, and pay for SRS.
Happy new year's, good sirs. My phone kept trying to say "good suits," but that's partly because I have to wrangle the darn thing through my scary mummy face bandages. May 2016 be a good year!
And I feel shitty, but a lot better than the last few days.
I dunno if I ever thought it out to the point of envying gay men, I just resented enormously all times when I was reminded that being supposedly a straight man meant I was not to be trusted.
Capitalism only works because it's *not* a big conspiracy. If you had to get knowing buy in from each individual capitalist stakeholder to maintain the conspiracy, you wouldn't have a very functional edifice. Kind of the same principle as why an illuminati order will never rule the world: the discipline and competence required to do something like that secretly easily exceeds the amount required to do it openly and be admired for it.
It's about bodies. I'm no more or less likely to be feminine than my female peers who didn't transition from male bodies. (We're mostly feminine, but we all do what we want. Come between us and our guns and video games and trebuchets at your own peril!) I just needed a female body. I figured out how I wanted to be, in terms of masculine and feminine, separately.
Enjoy your bummer nature, then. Ultimately you're allowing an incomplete and unsophisticated understanding of supposed biological truths to trump your own happiness, and if that's how you want to live, that's your affair. But it isn't going to be nearly as satisfying as living life in your own terms.
Hey, go to town, why not? Human freedom matters a lot more than human "helplessness" in determining ethics, IMO.
I'm childless but I've heard that small kids adapt really pretty quickly. Have considered looking at typical solutions employed by lesbian couples?
Either you're about to start hrt or you're going to the Lonely Mountain with Gandalf.
You and I need to talk some time about the state of trans resources online for scared kids around 1999-2002. When I'm a little less exhausted from squishing my face out. Because my experiences with the early web resources were not dissimilar.
Working as hard as I do, I make around $50,000 us a year. I can probably increase that though.
I know her only as Chanel No. 2.
There are worse things than being a supermodel, though.
Mazzoni is just so convenient that if you're within sixty miles you kinda may as well.
I don't even slightly want the discomfort or the inconvenience. But I've wanted to be a mother since I was very very small. I read all the pregnancy books, I was my mom's helper through her pregnancies with my brothers, I studied everything very seriously thinking it would one day be my turn. So. Periods for their own sake never, but periods to have a functional reproductive system, yes please. I'd then probably suspend them with continuous birth control until I wanted kids.
I think it's bizarre we haven't got a science fiction solution yet. Universal contraceptive implants for everyone would mean that having a child is a bilateral decision between two consenting adults and we wouldn't need to stress about this. (Anytime trying to unilaterally have a kid ... Just couldn't.) We have the tech to do this, and it wouldn't even be that expensive to do it for free. Imagine the vast improvement in human welfare. And it's kinda romantic to imagine two people lowering their contraceptive shields together.
I looked around and really really liked his results, many of which you can't see on open webpages anymore. I mean, I also saw that the recovery for Z's surgeries is particularly brutal, but, being thirty and the colossally healthy amazon that I am, I went with him. Aesthetically, he makes what I'd call very *pretty* faces; he's definitely going for more of a conventionally attractive look. Michelle Hendley's face, for instance, I believe. Since I really don't mind being boringly old-fashioned gorgeous, this appealed to me paticularly. For me, faces are about the eyes, and everything else frames them.
As long as insurance didn't pay, you can actually get a letter declaring this is an IRS approved deductible treatment, trans care medicine not covered by insurance. The letter comes from Z, and you just need your usual letters noting you have whatever the ICD9 is for our condition. This is standard and pretty routine. Given Z's fees, there's so much to write off that you'd have to make a *lot* for it not to be worth writing off. In this case it's over 60% of my annual income. The amount I'll get back on taxes will be much smaller--6k-12k depending on exactly how lucky I am in other areas tax wise--but it should kill my carecredit, and then probably I could. The only tricky part is writing off something in previous fiscal years. That part you might need to talk to an accountant about. I think it's possible, but it's kind of requesting an audit. If it means you end up getting back a big chunk of change, though, that can be a life saver. You can also write off SRS, I believe. Trans care not covered by insurance. It's one of the few areas where the IRS are the heroes. BTW, you're one of the reasons I chose Zukowski! Just FYI.
Yeah, my surgeon made me feel the bone contours on day three post op (or was it day one??) just so I could confirm that the lines are totally different underneath everything. I am prepared for the worst (right now I look pretty ghastly still!) But I'm very cognizant that the torment of my life since puberty has been cut away.
Gotta say, the cis people who get it the most right are my friends who just listen and accept. I'm a girl; I fit right in with the girls; in my friend group that means we do badass things in NYC, make siege engines, bake insane dishes, have duck waffle parties, and talk very frankly about our careers and love lives and pet peeves. (And when we want to call ourselves "the girls" we do, and when the key point is we're grown-ass women with car loans, we say that too.) Notice I haven't said much about myself as different? I mean, I and one of my partners in crime have standing plans to get Brazilians together when I'm done with surgery, and they're all waiting for me to finish my epic ten-part breakup letter to my current genitals, so it's not like we don't admit my body has some differences, but it's really not very complicated. We don't like it when people make it complicated.
If you should have claimed in 2013 for FY2012, claim this year. Definitely tax planner, this isn't as open and shut easy as filing on time, but it might eliminate your remaining debt so it's likely worth it! If not, you can definitely still benefit by writing off SRS. I saw your pictures a couple different times you posted them for short periods. Didn't see them on Z's site at all. How much revision do you think is typically helpful? I'm hoping all settles well, but if there are issues, the revision policy is a big reason I went with him. BTW, your username made me suddenly very glum about Oz a few years back when I wondered why exactly Baum thought of Ozma. A friend of mine works in video editing and found a reel from the 1930s featuring a family, totally pleasant and happy, except that my friend gradually realized one of the daughters was going through male puberty. It ruined both of our days. Pondering Baum's possible inspirations for Ozma didn't brighten mine, though it'd make a hell of a story if someone ever wanted to write it.
Commence proving your biological trends. Realize that the slightest pretense of scientific rigor requires controls, though.
I'm pretty seriously considering a small amount of hair transplant later on to round out my hairline just a tad more. Thanks though! It's good advice and appreciated. Going to crash asleep now, this really takes a lot out of me.
Actually, I made you write all this out because the evo psych case is notoriously flimsy and requires so much assumption and just-so-story that it only gives you the output you want because it's not very rigorous science. When your final argument is "look, we just *know* there's an underlying male and female human nature like so, and it just happens to justify this society's sexual politics (rather than any of the others from 5000 years of recorded history on at least three continents)" the best I can do is just keep you talking until you have made all your premises explicit. :p
In the abstract or in some particular historical place and time?
Your surgeon will tell you. Having just restarted hrt post-ffs after I think 11 days off, I can confirm it's probably not going to do much of anything at all. I felt weird and cagy, but I'm pretty sure it was all psychological, and though my libido ticked up slightly, there was no real effect. (I won't go into details, but all my worries of virility coming roaring back were proved pretty laughable.)
When my lips return to human sizes, I'll be unnaturally happy
I find the idea of being called passable a bit offensive--my default response would be to congratulate them on also passing as the sex they are--but I am visibly female and I like it that way, and I really wouldn't want signs of my trans history to be the kind of thing cis people noticed or mentioned to me. (I've spent a lot of money so far making them go away.)
Because voice training usually works really really really well. :p
Why, is it a club? ;p
Yeah, but it's a moot distinction as people may as well be black boxes. Who knows what someone is experiencing? If they say they don't fit into, say, male/man, I don't need to know anything else, it harms me nada to not constrain them to such.
I confess I'm not. I picked up an octave or so at the upper end of my range and can sing most female pop songs that don't really reach for Carey/Aguilera territory (and my once-baritone is in now the middle of my female friend group in terms of actual ranges and pitches), but there's no universe I'll sing operatic soprano. Nor could I if cis, I suspect. Such pipes aren't the common heritage of humanity, but a rare thing.
Hormones will give you normal female health risks instead of normal male health risks. (Fwiw, I forget the citation, but the last few big metastudies found properly administered HRT not a risk.) Without it? You will virilize with time. Puberty isn't *over*. It lasts the rest of your life. Even if you can pass flawlessly at 17, by 30 you may well be rocking full beard growth, back hair, and a sharply receding hairline.
11-12, started at 28 yo.
For speaking, I could go higher if I wanted, I'd just be the highest-pitched of all my friends instead of in the middle. :p no sense talking like an anime girl when your 5'0 sister lets her pitch move dynamically from slightly high down to downright husky. Edit: it took time, because you have to use your instrument differently, but I can also yell with my new voice and be at least as well heard. The old one is basically a memory, and at this point actually is kind of vocally weak when I do manage to bring out the old resonance. BTW, pitch is really secondary in spoken voice dimorphism.
Find yourself the manliest actor you can find, someone in his fifties. Find photos at 40, 30, 20, 16. Hell, take a musician known for androgyny, Peter Gabriel or somebody, and watch time and T do its thing. You will most likely end up with a "baseline" of some combination of your dad and any uncles you may have on your mom's side. If they all looked like women into their 50s, you're probably fine without estrogen. Otherwise, the damage has just not been done yet. Real talk: it probably will. Hormones matter. They're the difference between soft skin, fainter scent, barely visible veins, female pattern fat and muscle, no beard growth, and no male hair loss, and everything that makes a man look manlier and manlier from 18 to 25 to 35 to 50. Currently, you're doing the equivalent of interjecting testosterone, just saying "but it probably won't do anything."
That it's a dumb question to ask. Give everyone freedom, equality, and access to power, and wait a few centuries. Surely if it's such a burden not being under men's thumbs, plenty of free equal powerful women will found androcratic states, and like minded women will move there, and it'll all work out.
Right because infections are great.
US surgeons will be too expensive, once you factor in facility/anesthesia fees and such. You may want to contemplate Cardenas, I think his prices are all on his website and rather less menacing.
I'll post recordings sometime when my lips stop being fishy and swollen and I don't sound like Admiral Ackbar.
I mean, I've had something like the come up moment (there, something right now will do it!) While driving to work thinking of cute boys with shaggy beards, so I don't have any trouble believing you.
Oh god. Good, a setting where the most vitriolic reinforcement of the circa 1980 gender detente status quo will win the screaming match. Are there any good theorists on the different contexts that give rise to dogma and analysis respectively?
Equally. How do men want to be treated? Obviously not all the same, but they generally want respect and understanding. Same deal.
1. Let's all open doors for each other when it's convenient. Why not? Seems like the kind and civil thing. 2. Let's all have parental leave. Let's say, one year per parent. Mandatory, must be taken. How many fathers are being cheated out of early involvement with their kids by the sexist assumption that that's a woman's obligation? How many mothers are losing valuable progress on their careers by the assumption that, well, mothers are going to effectively drop out of the workforce during prime years? If everyone who has kids must do it, then problem solved: it's just impractical to penalize *all* parents, and instead workplace culture changes in ways that help women and give men the freedom to actually spend the time with their kids they want to. I think most of the best feminist solutions are win-win.
Yo, is God accepting returns on testicles now? Do I get a full or partial refund? Does condition matter? What if they're mostly in salvage condition? Oh, and what a fucking stupid web page. I'm assuming it's someone's fourth grade religious studies class project from a Mississippi middle school.
Not touching your leaps, fallacies, and handwaving because I'm not really seeing them as worth substantively engaging, I'm assuming you have a solution in mind? Let's go so far as to even, for the sake of argument, say that you are correct and free women are less happy. Do you have a policy recommendation?
Anecdotally, I'm told that trans women usually adjust much more quickly to having vaginas than cis men do to not having penises. Given that preop "phantom vaginal" sensations are often reported by trans women (can confirm they're really confusing to get) and "phantom penis" sensations are pretty often reported by trans men, things tending to settle neatly post op is not surpassingly odd.
I'd want to know. "My marriage ended because I was cheating. It was crappy. BTW, I'm bi." "Assuming you want monogamy, are you looking to cheat again?" (Hopefully) "No." "Cool. What about MMF threesomes?" But then, I'm bi myself. :p
That went away on HRT for me. But in the meantime, exfoliate the crap out of your skin first, and then clean it before you moisturize and use noncomedogenic moisturizers.
Do what you like! It may change and that's fine. It may not and that's fine.
A meaningless distinction unless we're talking sex partners. I think other factors should determine outcomes than whether I have boobs, and this should hold at every stage.
So freaking weird. At least I know I'm going to enjoy my post-srs body, but ... So weird :p
The feminist stance isn't that false rape allegations never happen and men should suck it up. It's that, my god, real rape is a huge problem, and unless you were literally raped by a stranger from an ethnic minority in a dark ally while innocently traveling home from your grandma's house dressed in your Sunday school teacher clothes, your chances of getting justice are sharply reduced. I believe the FBI estimates an 8% false allegations rate, which is 4 times higher than the average false rate of allegations in other crimes. Is it so much to ask, therefore, that we work toward at least assuming a 92% confidence that when a woman says she was raped, she was? False rape allegations are horrible, and we should combat them, but being raped and then treated like you're lying when you dare say so is also pretty fucking horrible. Or is that not "ruining am innocent person's life" enough to count?
Good for her. I met her once. She was charming. Talked around trans issues a bit in ways that seem kinda obvious in retrospect, like she was holding back a bit, but it was in a mostly LGB setting.
Hair removal is never too soon to start. I've had an ungodly number of laser sessions, expect a couple more, and then will clean up the few dozen survivors with electrolysis--and I'm a couple years in. I expect to have zero need for any further hair removal sometime in 2016 or early 2017, and started in 2014. Seconding /u/I_want_to_help_ppl about HRT doing the lions share of the work. When I started, I looked very very male. Manly really. That changed dramatically, and I was visibly female by 11 months or so. If you have long hair, make sure you're not styling it in a long male haircut, take good care of it. Other than that, well, a little subtle eyeliner and neutral eye-shadows to make your eyes look bigger and softer go a long long way.
Walk me through it. My feeble phi beta kappa brain is missing something.
but there are no trends whereby sex crimes perpetrated against women are treated with a specific flavor of differently?
As someone who just had major surgery that will greatly improve my quality of life, I really don't care if my surgeon enjoyed butchering me in his secret heart of hearts; not only did he treat my at-that-point-helpless body with the best of his skill and respect, but he was very careful before and after to help me feel in control of my body and its health. Pretty much the opposite of violence; my autonomy was treated with the greatest respect.
If you being honest about you are will trigger a heart attack, that's not his fault. It's not like the bank or the health insurance company will make sure to only give him good news for fear he should have heart attack; it's not like the weather will stay fine and there will be no storms; etcetera. You can be he kindest and most supportive daughter you want, but lying to him out of fear that he'll give himself a heart attack is not doing anyone any favors. "Dad, I love you. Listen to this calmly because I don't want you to hurt yourself and I know your heart needs to avoid stressors. I'm a girl, I'm transgender, and I'm going to be transitioning. That's only a matter of time, but it's 100% going to happen. I think you and I would have a better relationship if you know that I'm your daughter and am not going to be able to be the manly son you want."
How about we 1) treat all rape allegations as seriously and consistently as we should be treating *any* serious criminal charges 2) afford rape victims due process without intimidation or "do we really believe her" public theater to discourage actual evidence collection, and instead do our damnedest so that all rapes are prosecuted instead of the few that end up having 3 or 6 or 10/or 40 victims come forward because they were intimidated into silence when it was just, you know, one woman who was raped 3) *of fucking course* assign criminal penalties after due process of law and not before 4) *not* treat those accused of rape as a special class of people to be socially held blameless until post trial. That's not how society works. It's a fucking popularity contest mixed with amateur guessing hour. If you're charged with embezzlement, until you're exonerated, you may well be treated with suspicion in the business world. If you're charged with rape, you will excuse me if I don't want to be seen with you unless my trust for you is such that I'm willing to stake my reputation on you. (For some people, I would; others, not so much. I'm under no obligation to flick it to James Deen just because he hasn't had a trial by jury.) 5) acknowledge a history of freaking injustice to women in this area. (And frankly, to raped men.) Society has done an excessively good job of protecting men accused of rape. It's done an excessively bad job of getting people who were raped some actual justice.
This is an area where if you've been on HRT quite a while, a couple years, and there's still unwanted body hair, kill it with fire. I know that in my case, while I had normal amounts of male body hair pre HRT, if you put me and all my cis female relatives in the woods and forced us not to shave for six months, I'd probably be the least hairy. So like, super YMMV, but it's very common to see reduction to the hair pattern typical for your family/ethnicity.
I'm partnered and currently not looking, but my preference is to get to meet someone without my being trans as a factor, so here's the sequence I'd go with (bearing in mind that I'm not visibly trans): 1. Meet. Do we enjoy spending time together? Cool. 2. Meet again. Was #1 a fluke? 3. Discuss personal politics. Is she a Republican? Does she care that I'm not vegan? Would she date a woman with a mental health history? How about with a trans woman? What would she like to know about my work in academia? How does she feel about people who are poly? 4. If me being trans is a red flag for her, she doesn't need to know I'm trans, because we're done anyway--"not feeling it, I think our personal beliefs are a bit too incompatible in x, y, z areas, but it was cool meeting you and you have great taste in Korean noodle places"--and we can both go away with our self esteem intact. 5. If she's like, yeah, I'd date a trans woman, then that's around the time I'd want to come out, after we've finished otherwise vetting each other.
I'm saying I doubt many women brought into a freer society which takes *any* care to extend those freedoms to the latest arrivals is going to have trouble. What else could happen?
Incidents are not grand-historical trends. Walk me through the logic that justifies such a trend.
I'd say that the biggest humanitarian thing those in rich, privileged countries can do is *let people move there*. It benefits the richer countries ultimately--to the extent that there are huge economic benefits from population density--and it vastly improves human welfare for everyone else.
I would, but I'm bi. It's not my thing in general though.
Masculine bone structure frequently can result in a perfectly passable face under HRT.
Yes, it hurts. Yes, talking can be a huge pain in the ass with your face partially swollen up. And yes, it's right in the part of your face you tend to use pretty heavily. Basically it sucks. Super glad it's done and I hope I heal quickly.
I am too sleepy and loopy to make the elaborate response I want to, but let me sum it up in the following line: the prison that was Tippetarius is not wholly of the body, and has a shadow in the mind. I know I have times where I'm amazed that I somehow managed an escape from the life I'd spent so much effort on faking. There will always be an actress-circuit of me ready to perform "boy" with those carefully calculated bits of fake strut and confidence that kept me safe, and that actress takes it a little hard sometimes to realize that the work has all dried up ages ago, that I don't need any professional male impersonators in my employ anymore. "But this mask protected you so well! I know we haven't worn in in three years, but throw it away forever? We put hard work into that scowl."
3 months heavy use to consistently blend and 9 before I liked what I heard.
I'm suggesting that, like the men who grew up to be nurses and teachers, human beings can make headway against the pressures of a society that does not intend to support them. Let's stop for a moment to define social pressure: it's all the little helps you don't even notice when you're doing what you're supposed to do, and all the little hindrances you're slapped with when you do what you're not supposed to. You can achieve much in spite of it, but life is easier when it's not in your way. *Of course* exceptions exist; some people have advantages in some ways that overcome their disadvantages in others. Advantages can include exceptional wealth or talent, supportive family members that outweighed societal pressures, etcetera. Does the fact that some people can succeed despite unfairness make fairness silly?
Is there an objective way to precisely measure the gravitational system of three planets of known mass in a given geometric configuration, or do we just kludge together the best algorithms we can think of and accept a degree of built in error? And that's physics, where measurement is easier and we're dealing with particles rather than complex human systems. Your logic says "social pressure cannot possibly exist in enough ways to be relevant unless it's codified into laws," which is absolute nonsense. Start by accepting that societal influence on the individual is both real and hard to measure (which is why we try to measure it in the aggregate, not in single simple instances). This is a shitty place for slogans and sound bite level argument. I'm much more likely to respond well to thoughtful questions and comments that assume that if something is so basic any fifteen year old probably would have thought of it, I probably did, fifteen years ago. Of course there are ways to indirectly measure, over time, aggregate impacts of social pressure. But they take some sophistication.
Not around strangers. I don't know what polite corners of the Universe you occupy, but in my world, the non passing either get carefully not gendered or forcefully gendered.
I don't actually think it's easier for trans men to blend. (I do think blending is pretty normal eventually.) But if a trans man doesn't blend, what nonbending trans men are usually taken for, extreme tomboys, are more socially acceptable than what nonblending trans women are mistaken for.
Title ix has been really powerful so far, though.
By your logic it's not hateful to call them hateful for it, either, I'm just doing what I believe in. :p
Right, and if someone's going to see those things as a negative, maybe transition isn't appropriate, but to me, my body becoming estrogenic was a source of great catharsis and joy.
Perhaps "tyrannical" might be more accurate than "hateful" for some cases, while others are clearly "paralyzed with externalized self loathing," but "hateful" is such a snappy, flexible little word.
Am 30, didn't need any facelift/tightening done, paid 30k for ffs two weeks ago. Your prices don't seem insane.
Yes, and also Ovid. Both intended.
I had ffs. If I were to ever detransition, I'd be a reaaaally pretty dude. If I had hair loss as I aged, I'd be a really pretty dude with probably some wicked scalp scars (we'll see how these forehead incisions heal long term). But ffs done properly, you'll be unclockable. Not being seen as trans ever is a good thing, generally, if you're trying to avoid social disapprobation.
As a trans woman whose psychological development prepuberty followed the "female" pattern (my language acquisition happened scary early) down to the math gap (it still confuses me, since in raw mathematical talent I'm absurdly bright, how much my performance dropped off for a few years of "wtf, fuck math, it's for boys,") who subsequently went on to massive amounts of testosterone in puberty that are now no longer in her body, I've been in many of the biological states you believe could cause the differences you suggest, and I am not buying it. If anything, patterns of enculturation are insanely strong: I internalized things like "boys are competitive and girls are cooperative" at age 4 and spent my life longing for cooperation and losing my shit when forced to compete. And even today I'd rather split credit with three other people than try to crush all opposition and reign supreme. How's that? Did my massive testosterone spike create that tendency? Is it genetic variance? Are transsexuals just weird exceptions in your system?
It's a social construct, but so is the United States--and I'd agree that for the vast majority of people all the different domains of dimorphism line up neatly such that it is fair enough to make broad generalizations while still stating exceptions. I would object to being told that, as an outlier to that, I'm somehow a flawed exception.
And I for one look forward to people doing much more interesting things with their biology than we tend to.
You may become sterile pretty fast. On the other hand, if you don't greatly feminize your presentation, you can probably just live under the radar while taking low dose hrt for years, then have a good base for other changes. Don't neglect beard removal; you can do a lot of that and people who know you just think you're looking younger for a long time, even after new people see you as visibly female.
Make damn sure that you're teaching new MDs basics of trans health, including the enormous harm reduction that transition and access to steady trans healthcare provides.
It's not going to destealth you. People might wonder if you've had work done or just think you've lost weight. I'm 3 weeks post and now that my eyes aren't bloodshot I'm just blaming oral surgery. My close associates know I've had facial surgery, but nobody else is going to first assume plastic surgery, much less trans surgery.
12-13 depending on the shoe and we hates it. Though I'm super tall so I'm not that fussed.
Oh, during recovery, Z's patients swell up pretty bad and we look pretty gross. When it comes down, there's a very conventionally pretty, big-eyed type we usually heal into.
I am the mistress of my fate. I'm going to be me, and that includes reshaping my entire world to suit me better if necessary. That's called being free and being human, and it's enough for me.
Ah. Most of my friends are in some way LGB (mostly B), but they're all young and very much not the activist set, and for the most part seem to have no trouble understanding why I might not want new people to be informed.
I *am* pretty feminine, but I also live in a house with three swords, a complete suite of power tools, and a trebuchet. My makeup is on point, but my nails are always a mess from art and my various crafts. You can do whatever you want. Just find literally any badass tomboy role model--hell, Katniss Everdeen--and explain you want to be like her, not Sailor Moon.
https://www.nllfs.org/publications/ Interesting work is being done here. I'm not unduly fussed about small sample sizes if the statistical analysis reflects those limitations.
I mean, even given the sample size, that's a low reported rate well beyond the amount of uncertainty. I'm prepared to believe gay moms who were secure enough to access ivf in the 1980s are far less likely to have sexually abused their children than the general population.
I worded pretty carefully, but I'm obviously in agreement. It can, however, suggest that there's something about lesbian couples--as well as fairly affluent couples, ivf couples, and parents being tracked in 40 year longitudinal studies--which leads to unusually low abuse rates.
I think I'd like someone to give you an opportunity to show your incredible strength of character by making your life a bit harder. I have total faith that you'll rise to the challenge, so maybe let's make your life a lot harder. --badSantaLikesFaultyLogic
The existence of scholarships and such to lead an underrepresented group into a field is like a dose of medicine. You've got causality reversed. You're saying "I detect medicine for this group, therefore they are healthy." In reality, there wouldn't be "medicine" for women and various minorities in many fields if those groups didn't need active encouragement in the face of some kind of headwinds. (Like the cumulative results now of 6000 years of male dominance, 500 years of white dominance, etc etc etc etc etc.)
Good for you, glad it worked out, but not everyone is equally fortunate. Beware hindsight bias.
Being a tall woman is awesome. I've had little girls look up at me and look super happy, "mommy she's so tall!" like my existence had scored a point for Team Girl or something. More to the point, tall is a normal variation. I remember that freshman year of college, someone from my dorm asked me to come watch the women's volleyball team practice with him. I agreed for whatever reason, and while he drooled I paid attention and read the team roster and stuff. They were all 6'1-6'4. I felt ... really normal and deeply reassured, even years before transition in deep denial.
There are several users here with similar back stories, including several ex military ex bodybuilders who used catabolic dieting and intense cardio to lose a *lot* of muscle. I've seen the timelines watching massive bulk melt down into waifishness. The body can do amazing things if you put in the work, including more than reverse the work you've already put in.
I found it easier to accept being mostly straight once I was happier with how I looked and couldn't see a man anymore.
Hey, I wish I were that slim. :) generally, though, let the envy go away, and then maybe you can start to let yourself be vulnerable. I know the feeling--when your attraction to men would have gotten you beat up within your living memory, and when the pain of having been treated as sexually invisible by straight men is still raw, it's rough. The guys I crushed on used to whine to me about how lonely they were and how they wished they had girlfriends, and I'd just be like thinking, "what about ... Me ... Oh." So I get what you're talking about.
If you don't know someone's sex, you probably already call them ... them. This is how the English language works. If they tell you they're not male or female, why not assume they're not crazy and just ... use the word the language already provides for people not conclusively known to be either male or female. It's basic courtesy, it doesn't involve the slightest change of language use, it just involves basic listening when someone says, "yeah, I'm not a man or a woman, and I'd know, *I'm me*." OK cool! Done, end of story, nobody loses, we're all happy.
As a trans woman ... I really wish we could move past the point where women like me are just seen as a weird unmentionable fetish that straight men aren't supposed to be into. Straight men are the primary consumers of that kind of porn by a huge margin, and it's a gigantic market. :p In an ideal world I'd suggest dealing with this the way you'd handle finding a compulsive-seeming bunch of porn of women of a different ethnicity than you, or any other major physical difference (fat porn, bodybuilder porn, etc): do due diligence, talk about it if you need to, but realize it's probably just a kink. That said, in the year 2016, women like me are still seen by a lot of the population as men, and having an attraction to trans women is seen as gay. (Which is stupid, BTW: I'm pretty much sexually invisible to gay men on account of being obviously female.) And that's why the secrecy. If he's such a manly man, he's probably pretty ashamed of finding trans women attractive--oh no, straight man is into women--and even if he's not ashamed, I'm assuming he's a smart guy and knows that in the current cultural consensus, a lot of people wouldn't understand and it makes sense to keep the fact that he also likes trans women a big secret. Which sucks. Now you're left feeling deceived, he's left hiding what would be a normal and even boring attraction in a more accepting world, and, well, 75% of straight men who find me attractive probably won't date me out of fear they'll be deemed unmanly, and will instead fetishize bodies like mine and jerk off in secret to people they'd avoid in public if they knew. (Surgery is expensive, discrimination is rife, and health insurance for trans care is spotty in most of the US, BTW, which is how the porn gets made on such a grand scale: when all you want is to have your body develop the way it originally should have along with all the other girls, but employers discriminate if they find out, insurance won't help, and there's a huge fetish market, lots of trans women turn to sex work of various kinds to survive and pay for surgery.)
Ground it in physical and sensory experience. Don't use common cisnormative lingo: focus on telling a story about transitioned human animals and what life is actually like for these organisms. "I'm halfway to work some days when I think about that cute guy with the beard I talked to at that conference once, and all of a sudden I get phantom vaginal aches, a sort of yearning to clench pelvic floor muscles around something, and I haven't had that surgery yet, it's impossible and frustrating, but the feeling is also sublime, like my body is promising me a sensation of utter rightness and satisfaction if I can just get this imaginary boy inside my ghost vagina. That's freaking weird. For the first time I'm starting to realize why people like sex so much, and I can't have it the way I want." Prompt: Write a scene where the above speaker calls up her best friend to discuss this shit, and her best friend is also a trans woman, non op, who doesn't have phantom vagina. Then write a scene where they go to see Star Wars and debate Adam Driver's hotness. (Hell, they could add their third bestie to the conversation later, who could be cis, and she could propose silly coping measures like "if I was stuck with a dick I'd sew it tiny outfits and take pictures, recreate my favorite scenes from movies in stills, etc. What if I can find you a tiny top hat?" - "it'll have to be really tiny, shit's pretty small these days." - "I'm going on AliExpress.") But the key is *make theirs a whole life*. Transition isn't how I spend most of my day. I spend it teaching, writing, making art, playing couch coop rocket league, hanging out with my girls arguing about star wars, and *sometimes* talking about how I'm going to write an epic breakup letter to my dick.
Do you get the weird *looks*? No? Okay, good, you're visually blending. Now, when you open your mouth, do people react oddly or misgender you? Interact with a bunch of strangers, store employees, etc, and yes, make phone calls and order at drive throughs too.
I'm obviously partial to Zukowski, as he just did my face, but so far even do swollen and bruised I'm suddenly being treated like a beat up hot girl instead of a plain girl, so there's some anecdata.
Why would you want to know my birth name? When you meet a married woman are you desperate to learn her maiden name? I have a name, it's on all my documents, and it's not the one bestowed upon me thirty years ago, which refers to nobody.
No idea. Seems like a recipe for mass awkward.
Or save up for some transplanting, it's relatively cheap as these things go and it looks like you have plenty of hair on the rest of your head. I'm not sure how it grows out, but if it has reasonable curl, a moderate amount of transplant can go a long way. Or if the recession is fairly recent you might just get some back from HRT.
No. Wait until we're all totally accepted, and then we can get into the minutiae of how we're different from heteronormative cisnormative people in various differing ways.
Privilege exists. It's annoying to see the ways society tries to box people in. But here's the secret: *you're capable of overcoming society.* Want to do something really crazy with your life? If you have the chops and the nerve, you can change society to make it happen as a woman. Hell, it'll be mostly women on the first Mars missions. You're more powerful than you think, and a lot less of that comes from your "male persona" than you think.
Well. There's no polite way to ask, and if anyone asked me I wouldn't tell them. That name was never me. I also won't show old photos. The person people meet now is me, the only me there is, and the rest was an occlusion.
It wasn't particularly, you can ask things here no problem. This is a good place to find out that most of us consider being asked our birth name to be shorthand for "OK. I know your pretend name, but what's your real name from your real gender?"
Yeah. So if we ever seem a bit defensive IRL, first, know that if you know someone is trans they're likely still going through the roughest part of transition, and second, that they've heard a lot of shit masquerading as innocent curiosity that was cruelly offensive.
Oh, you probably want to make sure you have great relationships with colleagues BTW. Ideally you want there to be people who will go on the record about your strength as a worker. Building a reference file is smart anyway, but if trans, document your excellence at every opportunity and help other workers document theirs. Being good at my job probably would have been enough, but a fair bit of my job is making sure the people who assign classes like and respect me anyway.
If you have secret fantasies of raping and murdering me, but you have the decency to keep it utterly to yourself and treat me without fail like the human being I am, I don't care. (Extreme case to make a point.)
Anything that attests your quality. If you're capable of shy self promotion, maybe try the "oh my god I'm so touched at what this customer said" if you can avoid overplaying it (vital to seem modest with that tactic).
This idea is frowned upon? I thought it was seen--uncontroversially--as a reason society needs to change since at least the second wave.
Had ffs Dec 29. Eating Vicodin like candy, it hurt like ... Something that really really hurt. By now I'm not in pain that bad, but I'm weakened and it'll take a month or two for the swelling to go down fully and my energy levels to fully rebound.
There is a huge religious wing within American conservatism that unfortunately makes things a lot more difficult.
I'm saying that there's a double standard by which women's and men's clothing options are always judged innately in society from the assumed standpoint of a heterosexual male with self control issues and not an ounce of interest in the male body. ;p Men dress to impress women plenty, women dress to impress men plenty, but whether it's "shocking" depends on whether it would provide glimpses and suggestions of female flesh to a straight man. That it's a giant double standard that a man in board shorts and no top is seen as non sexual, while a woman in board shorts and no top is seen as extremely sexual. Frankly, all other things being equal, I'd be way more aroused by the topless man, but because society defaults to the gaze of a judgmental straight dude, the topless man is just some guy and the topless woman is a sex kitten who's just begging for it. :p this is profoundly fucked up and a huge double standard, you know?
That'll help. You seem to have the right skin for rapid reduction, especially if you urge aggressive treatment, which *will* hurt.
Seconded, though this would be a problem also easily addressed if this kind of thread went to askt but requested a linked thread of prominent trans men and another of prominent nb people--three interlinked threads is less efficient than one person being really well informed and starting a broadly trans mega thread, but would encourage more vitally needed cross pollination than a single insular thread on /r/MTF. I can name maybe five prominent trans men by name, which sucks, and while a thread like this on /r/ftm might help me inform myself because I'm subbed, multiple linked threads here, or a thread designed to build a user list of all kinds of prominent trans people, are two different ways we could promote broader knowledge on this sub that would have greater benefit than "proceed to /r/MtF."
You're instantiating the double standard I'm pointing out. Perhaps such a dress is also killer comfortable under the heat lamps that are set lighting; perhaps not. Perhaps she likes the silhouette; perhaps not. Perhaps she knows that a degree of controlled sex appeal sells and she's trying to navigate life in a sexist, double-standard world rather than make a statement about the kind of world we should inhabit. I decline to judge other women's choices of garments. Now, topless women in board shorts heading out for a swim: what's your take?
If you shave with a safety razor, be careful doing your legs. Eyeliner around the outer half of the bottom lid and the outer 2/3 of the top makes your eyes look bigger; lining the whole eye can make it look smaller. (Post FFS my eyes are huge and wide, and I need to figure out makeup all over again.)
If having a genetically related child is vitally important to you, you'll need a surrogate, but look into recent research into creating ovae from skin cells--that's something that gay male couples could see in the next few years, and a straight man and a straight trans woman would follow basically the same process.
That was a freaking amazing point about genetic dilution. It never occurred to me before, despite my principally taking a memetic view of culture. Thank you; I think that has implications for my thinking on a range of matters, and definitely helps me feel a bit better about probably never being pregnant.
Either way, I'm sure UK Muslims don't have the political clout to fuck with trans people that US Christians do, and I hope the same is true for UK Christians. I see trans acceptance being accommodated within religion pretty generally in the next 50 years, but in the interim I'd rather political power not rest in the hands of any group that targets and others people like me. (I grew up in a fundamentalist Christian US context; I know what I'm talking about pretty closely.)
"Need" or "want"? I've been blending fine for a year, but I just had ffs because I wanted the scars of puberty to be gone forever, and I think I'm rather more conventionally attractive now.
It's not actually a *problem* for me, in that I look way prettier without makeup on now, so I just have to adapt my makeup routines to play to my new strengths. I do think I could pull off circle glasses now, though.
Original or reframed? Reframed, I'd say that clothing is usually navigating a complex line between reinforcing sexism and providing options for self expression, and that some contexts and industries are far more retrograde than others. I'd say that given a sexist background context, I'd consider it a far from easy choice how to present yourself knowing that your body is being read in an innately sexualized way by many of the people you encounter, and I'd want to con,duct any further analysis at the level of an industry. But I'm not sure I'm well informed enough on the gendered dynamics of game show costumes to do a very good analysis of the specifics. Probably there is a degree of crass "I must exert enough sex appeal in a socially intelligible way that I'll get eyes on screen" balanced with "what will get me the largest demographic, a more or less openly sexualized costume? What is my likely audience?" But for broad philosophical response: I don't have any issues with actual sex work on an individual level, only with a society that allows enough inequity that people who would strongly prefer not to be engaging in sex work are. So my issues with revealing outfits are going to be at least as nuanced; if an individual does better dressed as a magician's assistant, you gotta do what you gotta do, but simultaneously I'd like to steer towards a society where a male host would be equally likely or unlikely to be on display.
Listen, I would have been one of those kids had I been born 20 years later. Instead I hid and suffered. I don't recommend it. Kids don't undergo medical transition, nothing irreversible happens until generally 18 (the minimum age for surgeries), puberty blockers are reversible, and hormones are usually not prescribed until 16 at the earliest. There's also an exhaustive battery of psychological evaluation. However, trans kids have gender identities as solid and irreversible as non trans kids, according to the most recent studies and meta studies, so the current system is doing *more than* due diligence. Being raised in the wrong gender and going through the wrong puberty is agonizing.
Honestly, plenty of US cities are fairly safe to be visibly GNC and queer--unless you're black or brown, in which case Canada's safer but most US cities are still safe if you're low middle income and up. :p it's intersectionality that gets you.
That's a straw man. Nobody wants an anti gay religious officiant forced to perform their gay marriage. An anti gay public servant forced to process the marriage paperwork? Of fucking course, that's what the government pays them to do, execute the law. But a religious wedding is an extralegal ceremony that falls under first amendment protections.
Should you come out, I'd suggest doing so carefully, under circumstances where there aren't immediate consequences. For instance, right before your mother picks you up, or by letter, to allow him time to think it over after the initial heat of the moment.
Your mom explained your dad's plan is to bully you straight? Where is she in all this? :p
You have the right instincts: support for now, and trust your friend; you'll eventually understand this really well. Obviously she didn't make the decision to transition lightly; no one does; and I'm sure she'll eventually share more of her own internal story with you when the time is right, the way best friends eventually do about most serious matters. You can actually partially control how Sarah is treated by responding vocally to her coming out (when she does) with support. Most people are not especially brave nor especially mean, and if you model an accepting reaction there's a good chance they'll follow suit. Transitioning isn't easy, but it is a lot easier with the strong support of friends. She'll probably be okay in the long run if her friends react like you are.
Oh, then just start passing the word on that it's normal for you all to be a bit disoriented and need to process, but that your support for her is crucial, that she's "for real," and that as her friends the best help you can be is to accept her and then stay there for her. Drink and play games with her. Do the things you do. You can practice memorizing her pronouns ("Sarah has been my friend since school. She is my age. We drink together. She's always been very cool. She used to rock a lumberjack vibe, now she doesn't.") Couple years from now, everything will be quite normal and you probably won't be able to remember a time when she wasn't visibly Sarah.
Right, a dad who sets out on such an abuse campaign may not be doing so for the first time.
You're pushing the simplistic nature side of the equally simplistic nature vs nurture false dichotomy. The fact is that men have both testosterone and a gender role that values strength fitness far more than the gender role for women, and that means not only an easier time building muscle but also a lot more time building it. Evolutionarily, we humans hunted megafauna; pretty much every adult human is theoretically capable of the run-all-day-erryday fitness that our hunting strategy required. Culture is the reason most of us can't do that. Now, I've had testosterone and estrogen dominant bodies, and I've also lived in both gender roles, and I absolutely can say that 1) testosterone was like cheat codes for strength and 2) I could be a lot stronger than I am, even with an estrogenic body, if I demanded strength from it, but there's just a lot less social pressure to do that. The women I know who are athletes, though, they're genuinely strong, and probably far more so than plenty of men on the lower end of the strength bell curve. Logically, it'd make more sense to have women from the top percentiles of strength instead of men from the lower percentiles.
They're a useful bellwether.
I've had a male body that was quite high in testosterone compared to my present female body; I've also had a sedentary lifestyle and an active lifestyle in the male body, plus a sedentary lifestyle in the female body, and I know how much stronger I'd be if I pushed my body as hard as I used to. Still weaker than my old male body, but stronger than most men, especially smaller guys. If you really are going to be literal-minded enough to engage me in a debate about freaking power armor, perhaps I should rephrase: modern war technology can easily be developed (as the Israelis have done with signal effect) that makes maximum use of *all* available soldiers, male or female, and the bullet that kills you doesn't care if the soldier who fired had elevated testosterone. (Indeed, in Israeli studies, men are slightly inferior marksmen overall.)
Butler fan myself. Perhaps I'm more comfortable articulating myself performatively in ways that are intelligible as "woman" to others embedded in (fairly cosmopolitan arts-and-intellectuals elite) contemporary Western culture, but Butler's view of gender is probably the most rigorously humane I know. I'm not sure what gender is beyond a combination of "tag clouds" of associations and the cumulative total (also tag-cloud-like) of actions generating social pressure. I do think a great many people affiliate to those "tag clouds" generally and individual sectors of those "tag clouds" more specifically. Should I be womaning about (read: walking as per normal, in my body, in my clothes) and encounter a social situation where there are a series of possible scripted reactions (and that's most social situations) I'll generally choose a response that fits within the same broad domains my other female friends and mentors have opened up, but I don't really think they're that different from the responses many another human being would choose embedded in my particular complex social situation. It's like a space opera-style videogame where all the NPCs react according to one of three broad patterns of interaction based on their idea of your species, but those patterns are so locally varied and chaotic as to be almost impossible to pin down with anything as crude and consistent as rules. Yet trends can be observed.
I'm making a point you're not refuting. :P Physical strength is pretty meaningless as an arbiter of social rank among humans in 2016. The currency of value and power in capitalist society will pay a front-line male combat soldier a tiny fraction of what it pays me to be a really badly-paid adjunct professor, which is a tiny fraction of what it's starting to pay me because I draw really pretty pictures with crayons, and the men and women I know who have political power in their future paths will be the ones sending marching orders to the human beings--whether high-T or not--who do the fighting, which will continue to mostly be carried out by increasingly sophisticated combat drones and other weapons that don't care about trends in human sexual dimorphism, only about reaction time, tactical instinct, and other things that are properties of the brain. My social power relative to a grunt combat marine is considerable, and give me fifteen years and it'll probably be even more ridiculous--and this is even though I'm trans, which is a huge loss of social power. The whole "in terms of sport" thing is irrelevant, and in any event the International Olypmic Committee, *who've been studying this issue for decades now*, disagrees with you and doesn't think trans women have a significant advantage over other women. (We're not male-women, btw; I can't knock up your girlfriend, I don't produce the small gamete, I don't have any male secondary sex characteristics, and so on. I'm just some tall chick who had a single genetic program tell her prenatal body to produce testes, and I've done what's humanly possible to correct that. As with IOC rulings, there's a a lot of information involved beyond the level of knowledge you're showing, so while I'll answer questions if asked politely, I do think it's fair you know that you're talking to someone who knows *a lot* about the issues you've wandered into, and can cite extensive sources if need be.) (Also, I know a *lot* about human sex dimorphisms. :P)
Under chivalry men avenged insults to their women's honor because they owned them and the transitive property applied to dishonor. :p women's individuality and "daintiness" wasn't part of it at all--these were women who pretty often died agonizing, grotesque deaths in childbirth in their late teens, poor dainty frivolous creatures. Their counterparts in the city and peasant classes faced the same threat every time they had sex, plus a lifetime of backbreaking labor, generally including the literally blinding, finger-crippling work of *making everyone's clothes from plant and animal fiber*, all the food preparation, day-long tending to the fire in choking pre-chimney smoke, all the childrearing. Look up pre modern rates of childbirth death across a woman's (short) and compare them to war rates of death (which include boring things like death by dysentery). Dainty? Now do five minutes of research into the actual archeology of the middle ages. Look at the skeletons warped by a lifetime of hardship. The women's are so delicate, so pampered--wait, no, they're as twisted and bent as the men.
Woman here in an ltr with another woman. There is no right way to have sex; if piv bores you but this is awesome, then roll with it. Not everyone likes to penetrate, and not everyone likes being penetrated, and while a man being penetratively receptive is less common in straight relationships, it sounds like it's the best sex either of you have ever had.
FFS is. Electro might be. I'm actually really interested in that question, as I must have paid a good $1000ish on 2015 hair removal, which would be nice if I can deduct it with FFS.
Super curious about same. /u/isleepinahammock probably knows if hair removal is tax deductible.
I mean, I'm not someone likely to be very judgmental of anyone's choices that don't harm others; I transitioned from a male body to a female one, so pretty much nothing in your post shocks me. Fwiw, I hated penetrating when I was still trying to live as a man, it stressed me out, but being fucked has always been lovely. Then again, I was never actually a man. Anyway, if you guys both want your husband to have long hair and boobs for better kinky sex, know that these things will come with occasional awkward (people might think he's gained weight or needs a haircut), but that almost nobody will think anything very weird is going on, and nobody's going to guess that it's about kinky sex. But I'm very human freedom.
I used to assume that the reason for sexism was because all men were cripplingly envious of women and acted horribly as a result. I was pretty startled to learn that the idea "being a woman is obviously better" had never crossed any of my male friends' minds, and that sexism has rather more complicated causes.
Super-useful, esp. to me as I eagerly await my many W2s. (full-time adjunct) Given the vastness of my medical expenses in 2015 (FFS and sundry, principally), I've never been so excited to do my taxes. :P
Ah, see, I want your pain now. ;p Alas, I teach writing, which means that the major advantage of being really really really really good at it is that I can get as many courses as I want to at like 6 different schools if I can somehow make the schedules work, which increasingly I can. It's a really weird space to occupy. I can pretty much do whatever I want, and any supervision is almost exclusively when I ask for teaching evaluations so I can keep on the record that I'm good at it. :p My own fault, though--my degree won't really open up anything better until I sell a novel or two.
As a trans woman, I want full equality and safety. :p I'm really not worried about trans people harming me on either count, nor frankly am I worried about fake trans people; I know exactly how terrifying it is to be seen as a trans woman.
Wine better hit the gym and use rogaine, then, cause I've seen how men age if they don't.
I'm always worried about creepy people with problems no matter their gender, and I'm not minimizing the incidence of mental health comorbidities in the community, but "trans" isn't a danger flag for me that makes a woman or man more likely to be dangerous or abusive. My abusers throughout my life have mostly been cis women, but despite this I make no general assumptions that cis women are unusually dangerous as a class.
HRT would probably work very nicely for you. Your bone structure is fairly delicate over all, and your browbone isn't terribly heavy. The thing that makes your (androgynous) face lean slightly male is fat distribution.
Always, but did you have some specific things you wanted to discuss?
I'm seeing some beard shadow, so unless that's a lighting artifact I'd recommend even more thorough cover, but it's more of a second glance thing.
Pretty much all of (western and specifically American) society is already white-safe; you're not going to run into many pockets where being white worsens your quality of life, nor any situations where you really need a breather without any of your nonwhite oppressors around to scare you, hurt you, or silence you when you talk to other white people about the unfairness and inequity of it all. Basically, a safe space is a place you go to just be *a person*, rather than a black person or a female person or a gay person or a trans person or a disabled person. People who are othered in the same way generally aren't going to treat you as an (adjective) person, just as a person. Guess what? White people already just get to be people. If you're a straight white man, you don't have to tell your family, "I'm dating a new girl. By the way, she's of European decent." The second sentence never has to happen. White people just get to be people. Straight people just get to be people. Cis people just get to be people. And so on.
I hated my face. I went on hormones. I passed after about 9-10 months within ranges, despite really brutal brow bossing and a pretty crappy nose. I had FFS a month ago after being pretty much stealth all of 2015 beyond my personal circle, at almost two years HRT. If it's an important goal, you can make it happen. Usually, it's possible to live a normal life as a woman without it. But for many of us, it's still really helpful. Once my incisions fully heal and the swelling goes down, I'll have less worry about my face than I have had since I was a teen. So it can still be worth it even if you blend without it.
You *want* a psych eval, but by someone acceptable to you who isn't anti-trans and is educated in DSM-5 gender dysphoria. They can then attest both to your mental soundness and to the fact that your transition is a deeply responsible act and follows the recommended treatment for your condition. Your wife's offers are pretty evidently in bad faith; she's trying to get you to voluntarily cede power over yourself that she can't take away by force or coercion. Do not engage; your position is increasingly strong, and she probably knows it.
... And you're bad at math. :p those are rates per delivery. Bear in mind that there were a lot of pregnancies, a lot of births, a lot of infant and childhood deaths, and a lot of chances to die in childbirth. 1-2% is not as casual a risk if you're doing it ten times, and is a pretty high risk per time anyway. (Try .98 ^ 10 for your chances of surviving a bunch of delivery attempts.) Also bear in mind that for fifteen-year-olds married off for dynastic reasons--local or regional or national--for their husbands, making them pregnant with sons as fast as possible was the rational move, so we're talking not-fully-developed bodies and a mortality rate that was higher than the median. TL;DR if you had a husband of a social rank where "defending your honor" was a thing, he'd probably been raping you since you were sixteen, and you had a real risk of dying, especially in the first few pregnancies but also more generally.
So: it takes time, and sometimes it takes them seeing other straight guys hitting on you. :p like, for me, it took maybe 11 months before all my friends kinda fully clicked into place on it. For some it took seeing my post FFS face, breaking the old associations by literally looking like someone different (who'd lost a fight with Muhammad Ali).
This is me not taking any cheap shot jokes about her in the mirror after a shower. Because I'm classy, and also because I know how apophasis works.
As long as your voice is good and you move normally, you're going to be fine. If you have any shadow it's well covered up. You're going to read as a little older and harder-featured than you might want, but if everything else checks out there's no real reason someone would place you as trans.
I did it with a combination of savings and multiple kinds of loans. I make middle class money but I live with two other people splitting rent, and most of my disposable income from 2015 and 2016 are paying for FFS; my lifestyle's pretty frugal, not that much more extravagant than college student. You want an easier way, go to a college that has great trans care on its student insurance plans, have parents whose insurance have great trans care, or spend the next few years working toward a degree that'll get you an entry level job somewhere that has great trans care as part of its benefits.
Be very specific, yes. Otherwise they'll do whatever's standard.
Fair enough. Good luck!
Sympathy (seriously, they hurt) and excitement. Good luck!
Unfortunately, it sounds more like she's LGB-friendly and T-unfriendly. This is a problem if you're seriously contemplating social and/or physical transition to alleviate dysphoria.
Yeah, or you treat part of the area fewer times or not at all.
Saving this comment. It's pretty awesome. My little sister's rant covered most but not all of those points, but not to this degree of detail or explanation.
Congratulations! The dream ...
Your doctor is wrong. Unless you have zero bodyfat (and are dead), estrogen will change the way your face looks. Often it'll change an obviously male face to an obviously female face. Source: I passed flawlessly for a year and then got facial surgery. Now I'm pretty, not just passing.
Your forehead is pretty large, worse than mine was; the rest isn't worse. You might find yourself better off than you think after a year or two on hormones.
That's called curly hair that's short. :p the texture changes as the hair strand grows past the awkward phase. Source: I have curly midback hair that used to grow up rather than down
Oui.
I don't think that was the intention, but I do think there was perhaps some serious transmisogyny involved, and generally fucked up responses to her femininity.
Nah. FFS was more worth it.
You'd be pretty startled how much an adult body can change. If I could get my act together and lose some weight, tone up, all that, I'd look like a freaking model, and I had a pretty manly build before. The secret is that the skeleton is basically a coathanger, and your soft tissues, which are very responsive to HRT, are the coat.
It's actually not that simple. Finasteride, BTW, has largely the same side effects as stronger anti androgens, because it suppresses reception of DHT, a potent form of testosterone metabolized from the regular kind. What that means is that most trans women don't need DHT blocked because it's produced from a precursor hormone they no longer have. That said, if you're of a "let's be safe" mindset--well, finasteride has those side effects because it's suppressing some testosterone, so you're generally not making things worse by taking it in addition to another AA.
You live in a cissexist society. Realistically, we're a natural human variation (we've been around as long as humans in general have been around) that gets a little fucked over by biology if we don't fix it, and we live in the best time yet to fix it. That sucks. But if society supported and accepted us, it would suck a lot less. Being trans doesn't make you inferior. It makes you different. Being seen as inferior, well that'll fuck you up right quick.
Trans woman here. First, before someone else says it less kindly, tranny is not a nice word. (Friends of mine have been physically attacked to the sound of that word. It's associated with bigotry and violence.) Second, it's pretty common for straight men to have a thing for trans women, which is why there's so. much. porn. featuring us. (Often produced under exploitative and cruel conditions, but so many of us are forced out of regular employment that desperation leads to sex work.) Gay men really aren't interested, because, well, we're women, but straight men with an interest in trans women tend to be secretive about it for fear of being deemed less manly.
Good luck!
Hence the constant ymmv disclaimers that always attend these things. That said? Muscle loss and fat redistribution take a very long time, and may not give you the figure you want. I've been on about two years as well; I fully expect I'll have to go on a catabolic diet with tons of cardio to shed much of my remaining upper body mass in the near future instead of the 3-5 year range, but new fat *does* go straight to my hips and breasts and increasingly butt (and has since about month 3), so I look more like an out of shape, curvy ex swimmer than a former model just now.
Basically I'm saying read up on criticisms of *The Bell Curve*'s methodology and make the analogy from race to sex. There are a lot of steps in the argument I don't want to rehash, but in essence I'm saying the effect you're talking about is small enough that a cultural explanation is parsimonious without adding dubious layers of biological speculation with no obvious biological causal mechanism, and if the problem here is culture, let's fix it, so that men are no longer overrepresented among either the elites or the prison population. Edit: for insights into cultural mechanisms, see especially stereotype threat and the math gap.
The cultural superstructure is so freaking variable it's hard to draw much in the way of inferences about human biological predispositions from a sweeping cross cultural, cross temporal comparison. There just aren't many obvious constants, especially not ones clearly rooted in predisposition rather than response to conditions like whether you can control your own reproduction with technology. We're still broadly arguing around parameters, so let me say generally that I'm not a reductionist seeking pure tabula rasa, I'm a skeptic whose skepticism bells start ringing louder anytime biology is invoked to suggest "natural" gender roles and relationships that look more like the modern West (and the recent past here) than any other time and place in human history and culture past and presumably future, particularly when it'd make a convenient just so story to defend a current power configuration. Not accusing you, of course, just stating my priors in the interest of intellectual openness. Regarding estrogen ... We run up against the difficulty of disentangling social constructs from biology again. I cry more easily, and it feels physiological to me. I've noticed incredibly subtle changes to the "handling" of my mood, but they're complicated. All I can say with certainty is that within a given human being, they probably "handle" differently running on estrogen vs testosterone. I've also noticed an incredible amount of things about society's interaction with the body. Example: On this board I'm occasionally infamous for raging against jars for being hard to open, but the fact is *there's no unwritten law of physics that jars should be just tight enough that the average man can easily open them by twisting the lid and the average woman may struggle unless she breaks the vacuum with some sort of trick*. These products were optimized for average male bodies, and path dependency's a pain.
If we had full access to affirming healthcare, nobody would need to diy. It's pretty much always a desperation move.
I diyed my first three months. I'm not knocking it.
I mean, trans people show up in pretty much every culture in human history regardless of the gender roles of that specific culture. To me, this pretty strongly suggests that it's linked to sex differentiation and sexual dimorphism, which is effectively universal among humans, and not to cultural content, which varies enormously.
For citizens of countries where extended medical leave is nigh universally guaranteed and trans care is covered through whatever normally provides affordable health care, this might make sense. In my position, I can't afford not to be making money for extended periods, so one short brutal recovery trumped any alternative. One month in, it's pretty brutal still.
Sorry. Your body is already in the process of forcibly transitioning you to adult male. Later HRT can reverse a lot of that and mask the rest, but 17 is only midway through puberty (ongoing virilization occurs throughout the entire life cycle, and can happen in "growth spurts." If you can access puberty blockers or HRT, do it.
As you'd expect in a society where the ability to blend fully was quite rare due to lack of medicine.
Why is gender presentation and expression important to cis people without determining their gender? Because people perform their gender.
Read Judith Butler for the detailed explanation. Tl;dr because we all participate in culture.
This is a tough sell. Just don't take your work home with you; work 9-5 and then spend a couple hours on your friend's website. Do your job but don't go above and beyond. If the site takes off you can resign. Remember that most new businesses fail and it makes sense not to jump ship until you have a modestly sure thing.
The time to slam us and get real results was ~2006.
It's because financial planning requires realistic inputs. :P I've probably spent around 40k on transition by now and expect to spend another 20k, and had I planned more wisely and worked harder in my twenties, I would have been done before now and in a better financial position. (it's also not necessary for most people to spend nearly as much; I just wanted to be gorgeous and was willing to trade time and labor for it.) And yes, it's discouraging. But it's a lot easier to achieve major goals if you're dealing with accurate information--and if you use price tags as a guide to help you exclude things you'd buy if you were wealthy but don't actually *need*.
There ... are? I'm a trans woman saving up for a vagina, and I'm keenly aware of trans men doing the same thing I'm doing going the other way, and have even heard of a few cis men not wanting female bodies but wanting to have vaginas, but this is the first I've heard of cis women installing penises, so I'm not sure how common that is.
So he goes down a list of good reasons to be a feminist and offers unimaginative, circular, bullshit reasons why trans women obviously wouldn't have anything to do with them. cute. I'm a feminist because I want to end sex based oppression, ensure reproductive rights, and, while we're at it, fight against the commodification of women's sexuality. Didn't get the memo about how I was supposed to be against all the things I'm for because I was born with a penis.
I mean, what you want isn't technically impossible. Phalloplasty is a bit more advanced than most people think, but it's pretty hard to access if you're not a trans man, and it's grueling long term surgery.
If we get to the point where we can build complex organs out of raw cells, I'm going to be pretty focused on biological immortality, myself.
Yeah. It's some bullshit, and it's pretty much straight up racism. It's not like sexual dimorphism gives a fuck which constructed ethnic abstraction of stereotyped genetic variations someone is deemed part of. For what it's worth, take it from someone who made passing a priority and managed it pretty early: most of the people who make that kind of sweeping generalizations don't know what they're talking about and are grasping at straws, because it's easier than thinking rigorously.
Start out basic and work your way up. One of those bodies is androgenic. One of those bodies is estrogenic. That matters. One of those bodies will develop on male lines. One will develop on female lines. That matters. In society, male-bodied people get social access to manhood, female-bodied people to womanhood. Since I'm female, regardless of the original state of my body, being a woman socially matters to me in the same way it matters to most female people. Female -&gt; woman -&gt; women's gender role/presentation norms. Why would trans people be any different? Many of us are more or less gender conforming to the gender associated with the sex that our brain identifies us as. Some are gender nonconforming. The question is not "why present as female if you were born male-bodied?" It's "why *wouldn't* a female person, *regardless of her birth assignment*, present herself in the ways that are normal for female people in her society?" You don't have to, and you can be gender nonconforming to whatever extent you wish, but that doesn't mean I have to *explain* why I wear similar clothing and makeup as my female friends, have many shared interests and concerns, navigate similar dilemmas, etc etc etc. I'm not that gender-creative and I don't wish I were; I woman as I please, including presenting pretty normatively and being weird in my personality, interests, beliefs, abilities.
1. How many ways are there to be a woman? 2. Are there any other groups of women you consider less than 100% women? How about women with CAIS? PCOS? Vaginal agenesis? Turner's? What about gay women? Tomboys? If you're assigning percentages, what's the scale based on? 3. What makes you so confident you get to define which women are 100% women and which women are, I dunno, 80%, 92%, 54%?
Everything that has androgen and estrogen receptors will behave differently under androgen vs estrogen environments. Sometimes the effects are very obvious and easily observed. For example, a scalp hair follicle in an estrogenic environment will produce terminal scalp hair, but in an androgenic environment, if it has the right receptors genetically, it will tend to miniaturize and produce vellus hair, leading to male pattern baldness. I'm honestly not sure how visible the hormone induced dimorphism of blood cells is. In the aggregate, blood receiving androgens clots faster, carries more iron and oxygen, and so on--all the "male cardiopulmonary system" stuff. But I'm not sure what that looks like under a microscope. This has serious medical implications. I'm a trans woman. If a doctor treats me as medically male, bad things could happen. It's much safer to treat me as medically female, hormonally permanently midcycle, and simply lacking uterus/ovaries to worry about.
What I'm saying is that you're asking the opposite of the right question: *why wouldn't it be*? Since most people with female bodies identify themselves as female, why wouldn't I, who have gone to enormous pains and lengths to have a female body, identify myself as female? It's the accurate descriptor for the body I have, and, as I've always been me and always needed a female body to be comfortable in my own flesh, I consider myself to have always been female on the most basic level even when I was once embodied in a male form. Why should I identify as anything else than what I am? Treat me like a male body medically and you could destroy my health; expect male social scripts from me and you'll be wildly mistaken. The labels exist for humanity, not humanity for the labels, and female is the label that accurately describes me. I'm not sure why I'd ever privilege anyone else's convenience in terms of not having to admit that transsexuals exist over my own ability to accurately describe myself and fit into society in ways that make sense given my body and social role.
You can't promise that you'll never transition. You can tell her that at this time you don't intend to, but realize that dysphoria has a way of sharpening and getting out of control, and you should be honest that it's not unthinkable.
We're in the crosshairs. But I think we're also rapidly becoming demystified, and that's to the good. Cautious optimism--and caution.
I started at 28 and was rather tall and masculine. Ended up just fine. Barring weird genetics, you should be okay, especially if you're often mistaken for 15 :)
Also, what exactly false pretense? I'm a woman. If someone asks all their potential sex partners, "btw, are you cis? I only fuck cis women," then I'll obviously respect their disclosure--cool, I don't sleep with bigots--and they can find someone else.
Read this one carefully. It's about reinforcement, not about persuasion. Once someone expresses agreement with you, however tentative, reinforcement in moral terms is extremely appealing. You will almost never convince someone to initially agree by framing something they're uncertain about or resistant to as the moral option; rather, you'll fast track yourself to a debate about morals. But once you lead someone to express the opinion you want them to express, calling attention to the moral dimensions of the situation is a very strong move. Example (and please note this is hypothetical and I'm about to eat a meat stuffed calzone): I'm not going to persuade you to, say, stop eating meat by telling you it's the right thing to do. But if you tell me you'd like to cut back on meat consumption and I agree that it's the moral thing to do if we want to preserve our planet, husband our resources, and reduce cruelty to animals, then you're going to be more cemented in your stance than if I just say "awesome idea!"
Why would I date myself? I'm not my type at all. Funny story, actually. My gf and I have a running joke to the effect of "my girlfriend's more (random positive trait) than your girlfriend!" "Yeah, well, mine is more (some other positive trait) than your girlfriend!" But if I'm my own girlfriend, none of that makes sense! The &gt; sign has become a = sign! Math itself is doomed. The transpiracy strikes again.
You'd be kind of shocked how much confirmation bias plays a role in what you think is visible transness. I spot women all the time where I wonder if they're stealth trans based on many tiny tells, and then they get pregnant. Pre everything trans people are particularly bad at telling if other people are visibly trans. Realistically, if you already know, you can find a million "tells" that don't actually say much.
As someone who went from seriously manly to gets-stared-at-and-told-she's-so-beautiful-she's-intimidating, I think you overestimate the impossibility of ending up conventionally attractive. I didn't go into this expecting it, but hell, hindsight bias makes me feel like I should have. And yes, passing privilege, sure, but the first 11 months of medical transition I had no idea I'd ever go stealth by accident.
1. I agree with you that it's toxic to put beauty and blending over, you know, being yourself. 2. But blending is really really convenient. I made a big priority of it early on, and it did massively improve my quality of life. I blended for a long time before I became gorgeous, which was also pretty convenient.
Not with the original plumbing. I'm a big enough fan of broad city to peg just for fun though, even though it's not really my thing.
Judith Butler is a good starting point here, but she's extremely difficult reading. Here's the super tl;dr from my perspective. Being trans is a very simple matter of needing your body's sexual dimorphisms to be male, female, or, more rarely, neither/both. Separate from that is the social construct of gender, constructed by society, the site of substantial interplay, controversy, and struggle, but also of many of the things that enrich many people's lives. Example: You have probably noticed that many cis men work fairly hard to embody masculinity, and it's not really surprising that what's normative behavior for cis men is often normative for trans men too. If many of the men you respect, admire, or compete with build impressive deltoids and feel handsomest in three day stubble, it's not crazy weird for you to, you know, do the same thing for the same reason. I actually think you're right, on a technical level, that trans people who conform to normative gender reinforce gender norms, but so do the vast majority of non trans people, in the same way, to a greater than or equal extent, and for the same reasons: simple mimesis, role modeling, and group dynamics. To take a trivial example, I didn't really wear lipstick until it became normative in my social group and friends started planning trips to the Bite lab, but when we went there, of course I wanted my own carefully selected color, and when my best friends and girlfriend take out their little gray tubes, I take out mine. But what does this actually mean? We're reinforcing associations between femininity and lipstick, but are we advancing a philosophical stance that women must or should wear lipstick? We'd laugh that idea right out of existence. Yet of course the fact that we've chosen to wear lipstick has some influence on women who know us and want to participate in this small but obviously gendered game too. (We'd all be thrilled if one of our male friends went to Bite with us, but they don't seem to want to.) Now, I'm certainly willing to concede that in this example I've reinforced a construct of feminity, along with my six non-trans friends who went to Bite, including the woman who got us all into lipstick and planned the trip. What I'm not sure is how I'm doing anything novel or different that non trans women aren't already doing. The reason I needed to be embodied in a female form is far more basic, though. It pertains more to biological sex. Beyond that, though, I don't do gender very interestingly. The things I want to do with my life, like writing books and maintaining an academic career and making incredible amounts of art, aren't really viewed as gender nonconforming anymore. So while as a feminist I vocally support anyone doing what they want and gender roles be damned, in terms of my own negotiation of gender I'm very middle of the road.
Oh. And I should add that in a very basic trans 101 sense, it's important to note that biological sex isn't a simple matter. I don't have androgenic sexual dimorphisms anymore; I have estrogenic ones. I look female because my body has run on estrogen for years and that's what controls secondary sexual characteristics. Beyond that, if I were treated as medically male, I could die; endocrine balance affects everything from reference ranges for hormone balance (so like, I'm now mildly anemic and need to moderate my diet accordingly, and a close friend needed thyroid medication because estrogenic bodies are dramatically more prone to hypothyroidism, though her doctor didn't catch it at first because he was using male reference trashed), disease symptoms, drug dosing, and so on. I'm not treated as socially male because people "sex" my body, as you put it, and see obviously female (but come on, they also gender bodies, and wearing normative women's clothes and hairstyle works the same way it works for other women--where does sexing the body end and gendering it begin?). So the sex/gender dichotomy isn't actually very useful for understanding me as you apply it. Both of those line up very neatly for me, and yet diametrically opposite to the way I was assigned at birth. It doesn't really matter if people are sexing or gendering me; they perceive me straightforwardly as either female or a woman depending on whether you think I'm being sexed or gendered. Things are more complicated when people aren't clearly binary, but I'd argue that's no reason for treating them less courteously than people who intelligibly fit in the normative boxes. If someone identifies as neither male nor female, that's good enough for me. They can show me what that means to them in their own time if we're friends; until then, I can suspend interacting with them using gendered social scripts.
That's not an unreasonable request, and might be more narrowly accurate on technical grounds, but we're also a hated and misunderstood minority who face steep opportunity costs for changing terminology. There's a history to our terminology which comes out of LGBT liberation rather than philosophical precision. Someone who beats an early transition trans woman to death for being "a faggot in a dress" wouldn't really care if he learned that she had a subconscious sex or sex identity of female, and wouldn't really be any less likely to beat up a male crossdresser the next week. The political objective of allowing gender expression to be separated from birth sex is a matter of life and death. Being more precise about what trans people are experiencing is a philosophical luxury that I can indulge as a middle class white woman who no longer need fear such things.
Yo, compliment eyebrows.
Transition *can* be expensive. I started out pretty masculine at 28, so most less physically masculine or younger transitioners will need less than I did. Until 11 months when I consistently blended: About $50/month HRT, $70/month laser, $60/month carefully chosen thrift clothes and makeup. From 11 to 22 months, when I had a shit ton of FFS almost entirely because I could and I wanted to be stunningly gorgeous instead of just blending: about $30/month HRT, $50/month laser, $70/month on clothes and makeup. FFS at 22 months: $30000. I could have done a lot less and still been pleased, but I felt like splurging on myself for the first time in my life, and I'm definitely appreciating the outcome. I will probably spend about 15k for SRS, unless finances permit me to go with one of the better US surgeons for around 25k, and this assumes insurance won't be able to cover me, which it probably will by 2017-2018 tbh. Realistically, if you set a five year timeline and had the ability to divert $500 to transition stuff each month (saving when possible), you could easily afford SRS, hair removal, and minor facial work like rhinoplasty and trachea shave. That's expensive and insurance should by rights cover it, but it's also stunningly cheap to literally change the sex of your body. And nothing says you have to not enjoy life before everything is done.
Think of it as a continuum between two or more poles. There are several archetypal female forehead types, several male, and most people cluster somewhere toward one end or another with a lot of people in between. There are also numerous features that go into a face. My post FFS forehead is a pretty ordinary female type, but a man with that forehead wouldn't be suddenly gendered female from it. My pre FFS forehead was quite typically masculine, but enough of my other features were clearly female that I blended fine.
Gender dysphoria can kill you. Plenty of time for euphoria once you've got your medical problems under control.
You can't help it if you're not attracted to men. You also don't have to take any steps precipitously, since transition is a slow process and your reaction to it can proceed at whatever pace is most comfortable for you.
At a party, many gorgeous people told me I was insanely beautiful and one drunk girl cut me off from entering a conversation by saying, "no, you're too beautiful, don't speak, I've been staring at you all night and I can't deal with this level of distraction, please just be quiet." It was nice.
It's category error. A woman's sexual tastes are not as a rule going to depend on how hot other people think she is. That's more of an individual thing.
Tall girls represent yo. I've found being tall rather pleasant all of my life, though. I feel powerful.
Trans woman here. Wouldn't help with clothes and makeup because I don't like participating as a bit player in someone else's sex fantasies. While I don't judge anyone's sexual desires, think there are some very misogynistic elements to the way that fetish expresses itself, and while I think people can do what they want if everyone consents, it's really not something I care for.
Realize also that you're early transition, anxious, and want acceptance. Disclosing is a way you try to get it. But try just not mentioning it for, say, four weeks (except to friends who already know and will provide support). See if that changes anything for you.
Feminine men are definitely a thing, though. You don't need to go straight up dudebro to be male and seen as such.
My girlfriend and I have been known to, yes. We're not always in the mood to go full Blue Is The Warmest Color. Sometimes we just want to cuddle and kiss and get off.
It's certainly true that feminine women are above feminine men in certain parts of the sexist pecking order (though not in others).
I mean, originally my body virilized and I ended up looking smashing in suits, but yeah, these days? my old suits would fit like bags and my curves wouldn't work well at all in boy clothes.
Nah b, I'm having a great day and a pretty awesome life. But since you're here dude, tell me a bit about yourself. How are you? What makes you so interested in trans people?
Yah, nbd yo. We've all heard lots lots lots worse. Anything you're curious about?
Ha, fair enough. I usually just shitpost in my mind, but I get the impulse.
Honestly I think my shoulders are still bigger than yours, I just have an hourglass build with big hips. And my (cis, gorgeous) gf has bigger shoulders than me. You're going to have to dress around them, but this is a very common problem. Look for swimmer's shoulder/wide shoulder dressing tips. Realize that dressing for your body type is a thing; my circle of friends are abnormally attractive, but I think literally only one girl I know has so called perfect proportions she doesn't have to dress to flatter. And she does indeed look good in anything she wears. But for the rest of us, there's a reason why there are so damn many cuts of clothing--and it works. And that applies to swimsuits too.
Curls represent.
Well, you certainly don't have to believe me just because I'm right, but I suggest you read up on the actual scholarship of sexual dimorphism in shoulder width if you're looking for something more objective than a brief Google search. Fwiw, the actual skeletal dimensions for an average female shoulder are an inch narrower than an average male shoulder, though soft tissue differences add a fair bit more. Research shoulder-hip ratio (androgyny index).
The thing about scientific results is that they can be objectively tested and followed up on by other scientists, and the data *works*. It's not like nuclear weapons were a sneaky lie by Jewish scientists falsely claiming they could split the atom to take your shekels; the results were confirmed, the bombs were engineered, and there were *results*. Ditto for GPS, which simply would not work if general relativity were simply Zionist propaganda instead of a heavily tested scientific theory. That said, start Google Scholaring, you'll find plenty of results by people at least as white as you, lots of Scandinavians, not that it matters. I'm also not sure how you think that treating trans people's medical condition of body mismatch to eliminate dysphoria through transition--an extremely practical thing to do--will part you from any of your shekels. Realistically, if it affects you at all it'll be saving you money, since hormone therapy and transition surgeries are massively cheaper than ER bills and psychiatric hospitalization, and healthy transitioned accepted people pay taxes whereas dead people usually don't. Now, for a dose of the real: before I was a rather stunning woman, I had the body of a quite handsome and masculine man. I had no deficiencies in my testosterone levels, and it was pretty annoying having to find ways to avoid straight women hitting on me. Because, you know, I was hot. Then I did that rather unfair thing where hot male bodies often transition to hot female bodies. Before transition, I had very normal T; nowadays I have very normal female hormone levels. The main difference is that I'm a lot happier and more comfortable with myself, and, because I'm not distracted by gender dysphoria, a lot more dangerous to my enemies. :)
What exactly are you referring to?
Pretty much. Of my friends I met on here in 2014, three are doing well and one is dead, but my transition has just been relatively easy. I figure I can afford to stand at the scary door answering questions.
You know how doomsday cults are always waiting for the end of days ... and then the next end ... and the next?
I wouldn't know, I don't produce gametes. :) For what it's worth, I see what you're trying to say and you have a point: human sexual dimorphism is real. However, what it isn't is simple, straightforward, or immutable. Most people display most of the average dimorphisms for their birth sex, to a fairly normal extent. Sure, obviously. Some do not. My body used to be hormonally, medically, morphologically, socially, and reproductively male. Now it's hormonally, medically, morphologically, and socially female--and reproductively neither. My sex chromosomes are, as far as I know, typically male, while the breasts which will feed my children are typically female. If someone wants to fuck me because I'm a beautiful woman with all the usual female physical traits that people who are attracted to women are usually into, despite having once had a very different body and still having a few male dimorphisms that just can't really be seen or physically expressed anymore, *are they attracted to my gender or my sex?* To what extent are they ever going to feel that desire based on a deep-seated chemical lust for the gametes i don't produce? :) (The answer of course is that they're generally attracted to typically female human sexual dimorphisms. Beyond that we'd have to decide which schema we're even using to define the word gender. Are we using the sociological idea drawn from feminist analysis of the constructs that rest on and reify human sexual dimorphism, in the "a woman is not born but made" sense? Are we using gender to mean what could better be called sex identity? This is too live an issue to even hope for precision and consistency of terminology.)
... what? How is that not a huge reach?
No, but I got started young.
I'm pretty freaking stealth now. I have a policy IRL of, if I meet someone I think is trans in the wild, pretending I have no idea they're trans if they don't mention it, and if they do mention it, acting exactly like a supportive cis ally (the kind who is actually supportive) but in no way revealing that I transitioned. The biggest reason is that I really don't trust non stealth people not to out me by accident. Even if 4 in 5 will guard my personal information like it's sacred, there's always going to be that 1 in 5 who likes to run their mouth because it feels empowering.
Exactly. I don't want my history disclosed, so I'm picky about who I mention it around.
Heh, there are tons of people who have been on HRT more than three years. I know quite a few of them, and will hit three years myself not too long from now (my health is great). There's also pretty substantial clinical data showing that long term HRT does not appear to increase mortality.
When do you really want your ticking time bomb to go off? You're younger and less virilized than you'd be in 5, 10, 20 years, so that's a plus. And it's really not the death sentence you think it is.
To your first point, it's a pretty reasonable strategy if you're trying to educate cis people to use very normative looking trans people. Unfortunately, a lot of cis people will see us as crossdressers until they see at least one person transition and look cis, at which point they do tend to become more open minded about visible trans people also. I know that a bunch of older people (parents of friends mostly) who were pretty weird about me when I was visibly trans have changed their minds as a result of the rather shallow fact that I'm now a conventionally beautiful and very happy woman. "Oh, I get it now, I just kinda wish I'd first met her after she transitioned, less adjustment."
Butch women are women. Trans men are men. Trans men pretty often medically transition (possibly not immediately, because it can take a fair bit of time to get to a point where it's safe to), at which point they also have endocrinologically male bodies that typically gain the usual male sexual dimorphisms and become visibly obviously male as well. But they're still men before they bring their bodies into line with their identity.
One reason I stick around is because by now I'm in an earlier "transition cohort" than most of the people actively transitioning here now, and I have a pretty good idea what the landscape looks like. I'm in a pretty good position to explain that the really shitty parts of transition usually come to an end, and that there are specific things you can do to speed it along (like working very aggressively on your voice). Not blending (the #1 fear) usually ends; social isolation is far more dangerous; it's very important to position yourself so you'll keep an income; etc. The corollary is that people who see themselves as having failed (because they're still in the middle of the shit and think they shouldn't be) tend to be extremely negative. I don't say they don't have a right to be, as it's totally unfair how much bullshit we have to put up with, but I recommend fighting very hard to stay positive both so that people will still like spending time with you (avoid social isolation!) and so that you won't death spiral. Looking back I'm amazed I managed to avoid a meltdown or deep negativity, but it definitely helped.
Aww, you're adorable!
You're only a bit taller than me. Be prepared to be known as the tall girl and constantly asked about basketball.
It doesn't change who you are, no. Running on testosterone may virilize your body a lot in the coming years, though, and that may not be pleasant.
What do you want to know?
Like sometimes (at least in the US) when men pass each over they do a nod where they lift their heads. A nod where you dip your head isn't really gendered, but a nod where you lift your head is masculine, and conveys a sort of "I see you" respect.
The bones themselves won't change. However, a lot of male torso bulk is both muscle and fat *above* the bones and muscle and fat *below*. Loss of mass can lead to a significantly smaller torso as the bones settle (kind of like a flexible cage) around a smaller soft tissue core.
Two years on E basically means you have the breasts you should have had at 14. Think about that. Your breasts will keep developing (in spurts and plateaus, not continuously) for many years. Of my friends who've been on HRT a very long time, one went from A to B in her third year, one was flat at one year/B at 2.5/D at 5, and one ballooned to D in the first 18 months. Puffy nipples are just normal at this still early stage.
You'll forgive me if I say I've been there and done that. People are neither as good at spotting trans people nor as chill and nice as you think. You want an easier way to find out if you blend, just go somewhere trans people "shouldn't be." Go to a Baptist church and see if you get chatted up or treated like a pariah. Go to a sports bar. For the love of God don't ask non passing trans people on the internet. Hell, hang out with visibly trans people you haven't disclosed to. If they explain trans issues to you ...
The writer of Kim and Kim told me it was gonna be dope and it's been getting a lot of press, but hasn't dropped yet.
Heh, I'm stealth and moderately well known, I'm not posting pictures online on trans forums. You can assume I'm protecting a delusion of passing if you want. :)
Cis means not trans in Latin. On female hormones, she'll age exactly like most women do, except possibly a bit slower because unfortunately we don't have to deal with the biological stress of pregnancy. If she's had surgery to remove her original gonads, loss of hormone therapy would induce a reversible state of early menopause. Otherwise loss of hormone therapy could bring virilization. Generally we don't let our hormone treatment be interrupted, and it lasts for life or until for some reason we want menopause (if we're post surgery), basically. Her body looks female because biochemically her body is female.
That's not terribly rigorous. You want something objective, you set up a double blind study. Get randomly selected people 1000 people to try and figure out who's trans in a sample of eighty randomly chosen cis women and twenty stealth trans women, blind the shit out of the study to avoid confirmation bias, and actually find out. There's a reason why we have the scientific method. I can clock fucking anyone provided I'm informed ahead of time that they're trans. :) Even when they're actually cis. Whoops.
The main issue is it's expensive and many therapists still practice a gatekeeping model that kinda resembles hazing. It's pretty much impossible to get unless a therapist vouches that you're actually trans and have been living for at least a year in your identified gender. It's also a painful surgery with a long healing period. Yes, the results are generally quite good, but you pay for it in pain and cash. Source: am a trans woman with all the approvals taken care of in the process of saving the 15-25k it'll cost me unless insurance plays nice.
If your child is going on informed consent hormones and doesn't have surgical plans either way yet, realize that things will be developing over time. Your child may never want surgeries, may never present as another gender from the assigned one--or may be changing name and social presentation within the year. Hormones are *not* expensive and shouldn't affect your retirement (I pay $30/month for my hormones); surgeries are pricier, though often available via insurance.
If you've had an orchi, estrogen should cost you $10/month at Walgreens if you get the twenty dollar pharmacy membership card. That's your ballpark monthly cost.
I swear by Bite. And because I'm all about smoky eye, NARS eye primer and whatever shadow I'm currently into. Partial to Too Faced lately (Chocolate Bar in particular). Clothes? I'm lazy, I wear a lot of long dresses. It's nice being able to throw on am attractive fabric bag that happens to fit.
Are you asking me if I would care to abolish conservative Christianity and conservative Islam, and possibly Orthodox Judaism for good measure? Nah. Seems a bit intolerant. What I won't tolerate is violence, incitement to violence, or teaching children that LGBT people are worthy of violence.
No. You may grow a lot, and some emotions may handle a bit differently, but you're not going to change personalities unless your current personality is heavily based on concealing yourself.
I find that I can counter this by carrying the heads of your enemies and riding around on a six legged horse. Especially if I do the voice -- you know, that echo-y reality-ripping rasp.
Geez, the stereotype is psych degrees, not G/WS.
Nah, I rolled out of bed and glanced at new posts on my phone and thought, Right, that thing I do when men scare me where I pretend to be Kali in my own mind? That's a really relevant reply to OP, great advice. Ten minutes later I'm like, o.O ...
I've heard of him. I don't really have any thoughts. He can live his life and I can live mine, and I really don't have any interest in his thoughts on trans people generally. Transition has been very good for me and those I know, in line with the consensus of clinical and psychiatric care, and he has nothing of interest to offer me.
I'm dating another woman and haven't been with a man since I was much younger and repressed, but oral is always fun, so if I'm with a guy again, why not? I would only really dislike it if it were treated as a thing I was expected to dispense like PEZ rather than part of shared mutual pleasure.
Why would you treat a gay man any differently? Just be normal ffs.
Welcome. I think you'll be fine; transition is hard, but most of it is just endurance and resourcefulness, and you seem to have the right mentality.
Had some. Am kinda busty now.
Luck helps, and so does careful planning and strategy. I laid copious groundwork for my social transition, for job security, etc, and made sure to plan a few steps ahead emotionally too, so I was able to counter bouts of severe dysphoria (interestingly enough, when you start transition and your body becomes less and less wrong, it's like pulling a boulder off a pinned limb. The blood rushes back and it freaking hurts) and depression/anxiety, usually by having people in my support system to turn to without being a net drain on any single person.
I'm bisexual and generally more attracted to men. I was married to a woman before transition, and it didn't work out, but not over my sexuality, though I did find it much easier to admit that I find men attractive after transition. I am now in a deeply committed relationship with a woman, and I'm quite happy. Some people find hormones change their sexuality to some extent. Usually it's more revealing things repressed than an actual shift.
I mean, my need for vaginal penetration is probably the only reason I even have anal. It is at best a substitute for me.
I think a lot depends on whether the rate of progress increases, maintains, or ebbs. At the current rate I imagine young trans women might start having the opportunity in 30-50 years. If we start seeing exponentially progress, who knows, 15-20 is imaginable but unlikely. Your best bet is surrogacy or adoption. I will note it's fairly likely we'll see gamete engineering--ovae and sperm from other cells, thus carrying your genes--a lot sooner, and with less controversy.
Yeah, apparently I was lucky children's craft scissors are very dull. It just seemed logical not to have it there though.
Be aware that dysphoria usually cycles. It also usually comes back worse because your body will be a little further from what you want and you'll have a little less time left to correct it.
Yeah, I know some psych researchers who are very interested in the opportunity to do large scale MDMA trials for post trauma intervention because of the startlingly effective clinical results in the trials done so far. Psychedelics have enormous clinical potential, and it's a shame that politics has delayed the science so much.
If I did something fucked up in a past life, I'm probably not sorry. Next time around I'm going for supermassive black hole.
You can do what you want. Know that medical transition (testosterone) will literally make your biology increasingly male, so you won't just get muscles, you'll get pretty much everything male your genetics can code for. (Look to your male relatives to get a good idea what that looks like.) It's perfectly possible to be a very masculine female or a masculine male, so consider where you want your body to end up and separately consider your social role.
I'm sorry, it's not clear to me what you're even claiming, much less what it has to do with SE.
Social engineers can't afford the luxury of believing conspiracy theories. LGBT acceptance was indeed deliberately engineered--by LGBT people working very diligently and openly to change public opinion, and have succeeded impressively. It's called lobbying. It takes endurance, humility, and careful strategy. So what? I'm still waiting for something not inchoate.
Dude, I'm two of the letters in LGBT and 30. I know exactly when and how acceptance was achieved, including when and how I came to accept myself. Here's something to remember about conspiracy theories: *if it would take more competence, skill, and resourcefulness to run an undetected behind the scenes conspiracy than to get what you want openly, anyone competent enough to do it will take the sane people route that doesn't involve going all Illuminati*. If "they" can pull off a vast secret plot, "they" can just become important, popular, and beloved enough to ask nicely and get it. Beyond that, more relevant to this sub, *SE is about actually getting what you want through exploitation of social leverage*. Unless you have a keen desire to be thought a fool, you're doing it wrong. And frankly, if there were a vast conspiracy powerful enough to do the things you say? you'd have to be an idiot to go all Mel Gibson on them. You'd be making yourself a very nice target.
I will fiercely defend your right to say what you wish, both because I think it's the right thing to do and because it will enhance my ethos of reliability and trustworthiness
Am trans and am not sure exactly what you mean. Hang with more women, you'll pick up the social norms prevalent in your social group and still feel out of place in unfamiliar groups because groups tend to differ. My friends like sephora, ps4 games, art, literature, and plotting the destruction of humanity, but that's hardly universal.
Yeah, I know and respect it's a thing, but personally I need a vagina behind my vulva
The nice thing about the scary amount of trans coverage in the news is that you can use almost any news story to show general support for trans people and not say anything specific about her, just show that you view trans women as women and trans men as men in passing, casually, without dwelling on it. Next time North Carolina is shamefully in the news, say.
&gt; Boy Meets Boy Ha, I've been introduced to David Levithan! Small world. He seemed nice. Thank you for sharing your story. I've been following your posts for a while hoping everything would work out for you, and I'm glad things have.
As long as you're speaking for yourself, you do you. I couldn't *stand* having a virilized body, and I doubt I'd be the happy well-adjusted young woman I am if I were still on testosterone. Frankly, just seeing what T was doing to my body as I creaked toward 30 would probably have driven me into some pretty dark places, so I'm *extremely* glad I chose to alter course. Nor am I alone in this, I think. I needed a female body. I've changed my biology accordingly. It's much, much better. I'll take a few mood swings now and then over crushing depression and body dysphoria.
May I recommend Alice Airplane? You'd always have a conversation starter, and you'd get to be addressed as Ms. Airplane. In all seriousness, congratulations. Progesterone, the jury's out on, but it probably can't hurt--you do likely want to hold off on it a couple years though. Finasteride isn't a bad idea, though if your T is well suppressed you're unlikely to have much DHT.
It's almost like men aren't scanning my chromosomes before they creep on me or scare me senseless or something. "But revengeofsalmacis," you say, "what about the portable gene scanner that every cis person carries around in their pocket?" (we obviously also live in a world where everyone has pockets instead of mostly just men, as everybody knows--imagine a society where half the population didn't have pockets! Impossible!) Well. Apparently nobody carries that portable gene scanner around because of the Transpiracy. We win this round too.
Eh, I was the same way. I found myself functionally stealth a good while before FFS, but my face still frequently horrified me. Some things you just have to change for yourself even if socially they're not really a problem. That said, if you're blending well before FFS, you'll probably be very happy with how you look after you've had time to heal/for your face to settle in.
Done well, it works kinda wonderfully. Expensive as hell, but a startling amount can be done for the forehead, jaw, nose, chin, cheekbones, and even neck. Prepare for months of swollen and numb though.
What's the tactful way of saying "you're pretty, and I predict you'll be a stunner in a year"?
Eh, you'll be fine. The androgynous period is rough, but you'll get through it.
Just be aware that you will want to be patient as you heal and that it can take 4-6 months for your face to stop changing so rapidly that you can actually get a realistic idea of how you look. I've seen some pretty serious attacks of dysphoria during the healing process when people aren't prepared for it psychologically, including fears of still having some masculine dimorphisms ("it didn't work!"). This is exacerbated by the fact that the slowest swelling to dissipate is usually where bone and muscle was removed, so the ghost of your old face can linger in your mind's eye until you get past a certain stage of healing. And then one day you look at your preop pictures and can't even recognize them. It's very helpful to have some friends who've been through FFS and can anchor you during the rollercoaster phase when your body is weakened and your emotions are raw.
Why would any woman date someone who hates them? And why do you think dating is any easier as a lesbian? If you want to be female, be female. Don't do it thinking it's going to make dating easier or make you entitled to lots of sex from other women, because *nobody owes you anything anyway and that isn't going to change*. People date because they actually get something they like from the other person, not because they're obligated to.
as a very shy person, I feel your pain. Usually I just strike up a conversation about random different things until they light up a bit. Or I ask them their deepest childhood fear, or their secret ambition, or whatever other random revealing things show goodwill and interest in finding out about them. Then when we've talked a while I tend to randomly cement friendship with shiny objects I made, and it works for me.
It's quite common for trans women's breasts to keep developing for 5-10 years. Remember, biologically this is the way women grow breasts, you're just doing it kinda later than most other women. Right now if you're two years in, you have the breasts you genetically should have had at 14-15, which might be large or small but are still very early developmentally.
Ah, gotcha, yeah.
Agreed, but I think we should probably be fighting for both at once. Add it to the census, say, which doesn't personally identify people I believe
You don't, but be advised that your preference for trans women to have penises and assumption that we're somehow psychologically unlike other women/that women are monsters will make you incompatible with a lot of trans (and cis) women inside and outside of the bedroom.
The physical traits we use to define race are extremely small genetic variations that don't actually map onto the much larger genetic variations that heritably propagate throughout the species. It's trivially true that there are quite a few people you'd call black who have far more in common with me genetically--including very big variations that govern immune response, metabolism, etc etc--than quite a few people you'd call white who share relatively fewer genes with me. Whether or not someone has an epicanthic fold and paler skin, let's say, has very little to do with most of the underlying genetics. Why do we assign race based on a few easily seen phenotypical traits and ignore all the invisible ones that are far more biologically significant? *That's the social construct*.
It's one of the reasons why I had my skull remodeled.
Confirmation bias. Tell me a cis woman is actually trans and I'll see it too, right until she gets pregnant. ;P
If she's living as a woman, just treat her like any other woman in her line of work and social position. It's not that complicated.
I mean, probably? If she wanted?
I mean, I'm a bi woman dating a woman and probably going to marry her, so I guess I'm not sure how that straight privilege is working out for me.
Because to the people that hate us, we're all the same thing, and the movement exists to secure our rights from people who would prefer to see us second class citizens if not dead, not to color-code our sexual preferences and identities into neat little categories. I'm a bi trans woman. Forget the bi for a second and the fact that I blend in fine, if bigots knew I was born with a penis they'd consider me exactly the same as you, just a bit gayer. You know the words. Get to a point where it literally doesn't matter and we won't need a movement at all anymore.
We're biologically wired for different sexual dimorphisms and hormone balances than we have. If a female friend of yours called you up, upset, because she was suddenly sprouting body and facial hair, her skin was roughening, her voice was getting raspy, she was breaking out, her vagina was painful and dry, her breasts were deflating, all her body fat was moving into her belly, and people were starting to call her sir, would you ... 1) Tell her to deal with it and move on, clearly her body wants to make testosterone and she should fucking deal, or 2) tell her to seek medical help to make those physiological symptoms go away If 2, *you understand why trans women transition and replace androgenic features with estrogenic features*.
I don't think it makes you a chaser, but I will say that if my girlfriend were to tell me that she prefers me with a penis, I'd be crushed. And it might sour the relationship despite my best efforts not to take it personally. That's probably the underlying emotional dimension here--when you've been waiting your entire life to have genitals that fully make sense to you, the thought that someone you care about might not feel the same way does have the capacity to wound.
Although they may be able to legally consent, there's no guarantee it will be offered before 16-18. I definitely think trans kids, emancipated or not, should be able to block the wrong puberty, access the right one, and do so without enormous difficulty even with unsupportive parents. With parental consent or other ability to provide legal consent to healthcare, I think SRS should be available.
I didn't mean to come across harshly! Trans etiquette is very simple: we are who we say we are, and that's basically it; act accordingly.
Not interested in a *new* nickname for trans people. I feel like we have enough.
A LOT.
It's literally all practice and training. It's also far from the hardest thing you can train your body to do; it's at first daunting, but eventually you come to realize it isn't that bad.
&gt; I'll probably start going to school late 2016/early 2017
Yeah, I have heard some amazing authority voices delivered by women. As with men, pitch usually drops and inflection reduces, but resonance doesn't increase. There are cultural speech norms that are gendered to various degrees, and they do exist and are participated in to varying extents by different people--the person you're replying to is right that those patterns are coded feminine--but I don't think those patterns should be deemed prescriptive.
Yeah, I pretty much agree with you. A lot of friends my age were instantly supportive (most of them by far); but even one stage removed, a fair number of people who thought it was kinda weird at first have proven pretty accepting just because they knew and liked me before and can see that I am actually way better off, and am just a pretty normal young woman, not the second coming of RuPaul.
Happy to talk! It's good to be able to help hold up the mirror (one of the reasons I'm active on here), and you seem very comfortable in yourself and in a good place.
Pretty important. I went into this expecting to be visibly trans for a long time, but I got through it quickly and soon discovered that not being stared at, noticed, or singled out was way less stressful. It's 50% peace of mind, 50% the fact that a body with female and not male sex dimorphism is way less dysphoric for me to inhabit.
It's a sort of blurry category that exists in certain parts of SE Asia but not in the US. Generally seems to cover both very committed crossdressers and trans women at varying stages of transition who haven't had genital surgery. It's not derogatory there, but that also may be because, while trans women are somewhat accepted and highly visible there, they're also treated as second-class citizens.
That sounds familiar, and rough. I've lost count of the times I wandered out of a confident little maze into the realization that I'd just caught myself being habitually horrible in ways I hadn't yet detected. Very much a drain on one's amour-propre.
I'm glad you've had such a good experience. May we all be so fortunate one day.
That clearly isn't the case, though.
I'm sorry, what's your point? We're just in a position to say "yeah, I'm a woman who loves women and I would prefer not to penis on the basis of a lifetime of unwanted experience." There are women who love women who would (a short search of the post history on this sub will show you threads representing a wide range of opinions on the subject). This isn't a statement that no women who love women would ever fantasize about having a penis. It's a refutation of the (rather odd) claim that all women who love women would like to have penises.
I'm about to go to sleep, but if I remember I'll track down a bibliography for you by morning. Tl;dr trans people do statistically tend to have atypical neurobiology that has many shared features with the identified sex's trends rather than the assigned sex, and this seems to correlate with feeling a physical sense of discomfort with assigned sex biology and comfort with identified sex biology. But it's really early days yet for the systematic study of trans neurobiology, so I don't think we know much more about the etiology, only the correct treatment to resolve distress, transition.
The Voices is amazing. I really wasn't a fan of his acting before that, but that was so perfect and so darkly, terrifyingly funny/harrowing. I saw it with a housemate right after we'd caught his turn in the atrociously bad Green Lantern movie, and we had to reevaluate our opinions.
I suspect that academics tend to skew accepting and even nonchalant then, and i sort of live in the bubble where arts/literature intersect with the groves of academe/the great student debt pyramid
I think you should think seriously about what you're saying. 1. You're scared that one of the most-abused, most-harassed, most-murdered groups of people in America will cause harm to the country by resorting to extreme measures, but you're apparently not scared about the enormous harm, abuse, and waste that comes from large chunks of our nations targeting their fellow citizens for literally harmless attraction, behavior, and identities. This seems hypocritical and a bit fucked up. 2. What's to agree with? If you're not attracted to the same sex, don't have gay sex. It affects you not one bit if other people do. If you're interested in the science of it, btw, people who are attracted to the same sex can't change that, so by "not agreeing" you're basically saying, "You have no right to have the same kind of loving, fulfilling relationship that straight people do, you can either be Someone I Disapprove Of or live a lonely life of denial or fake it in an unhappy straight relationship that won't work and will hurt both people." This seems kinda fucked up too. 3. The fact that you can interact with gay people without being a jerk just means you're not actively being a jerk. It's the minimal level of required civility to get along with your fellow citizens in this republic. It's nothing to be commended specially--not abusing your neighbors is just basic manners.
Let me offer some additional perspective. I'll never have a timeline posted because I'm stealth. I appreciate the timelines that showed me how very possible transition is--they helped me gain the courage to take the risk. But I don't want my current self associated with pictures from the past that could out me, and the Internet has a very long memory and quite a few amateur detectives. I doubt this is exactly unusual. Of the trans people I'm close to, maybe ten percent have publicly visible trans timelines.
Have had ffs, am considered very beautiful, and could not pass as a man if my life depended on it anymore. I avoid anti trans discrimination by the simple expedient of being stealth.
When you have a medical problem that needs to be fixed, all the radical acceptance in the world won't fix it, but some very expensive knives in very expensive trained hands often can.
As a person, I'm fucking awesome. My body just has some issues I'm taking care of to the extent that I can actually take care of them. But *I* am not broken, and a lot of people with perfectly normal cis bodies could learn a great deal from me about how to be a little more self aware and a little less shitty to others, a little more inquiring and thoughtful, a little more comfortable in their own skins. That's my thought on the matter.
Human beings come in male and female through a messy, complicated, and not always unambiguous process of biological program execution. They never come in human and cat. That said, if you're a cat and serious about it I'm sure we can have you declawed and neutered.
Not interested, keep walking.
I had to dismantle the deliberate and extremely mannered set of "male" mannerisms I used to feign masculinity. They were very stagy, kinda flamboyant, and apparently convinced nobody, and it didn't take long to stop doing them, at which point I seemed to revert to the mannerisms I've had since childhood, which are culturally coded feminine but in a pretty relaxed, nerdy way.
Kinda hard to see right now. You might as well start saving up while you wait for HRT to work, because if you don't end up needing FFS there's a lot you can do with a pile of money.
hey, I'm actively trying to abolish syllables. If it can't be expressed in a single consonant, it's not worth saying!
I appreciate the sentiment. Please vocally speak out against your fellow Christians who are so deeply disrespecting Christ's message of compassion and love; while it's understandable and human to fear the unknown and be horrified by people unlike you, I believe Christians are supposed to be held to a higher standard, and it seems incredibly unChristian for them to think that God would call them to choose between their faith and their compassion for some of the most oppressed, downtrodden, and despised members of society--the kind of people the early Church made a point of supporting with open arms, such that it was known as a religion of slaves and the underclass. Christianity has done a fair bit of good in the world, from abolishing slavery (multiple times) to working assiduously to bring social justice and charity to the downtrodden; judged by that rubric, Christians have no excuse for being "merely human" on LGBT issues. We expect better from you. Go now and spread the word please.
There really isn't an emotionally male and emotionally female. Just a whole lot of stereotypes and social conditioning.
I'm not sure that it is, provided children are listened to and are kept aware that this isn't locked in stone or a thing they'll be punished for correcting. Most children are indeed assigned correctly; the much deeper problem is that incorrectly assigned children are often made to feel pretty unsafe about the idea of setting the record straight, and will work often insanely hard to repress their gender identity and be seen as "normal" out of fear of rejection. I would say it's just fine to let kids know that most people are the gender they're assigned at birth, some aren't, and it's fine to change that assignment if it's incorrect.
I don't think you can? Except by growing up cis?
If a woman ideal to you in every way (personality, looks, background, social status, whatever) becomes unacceptable upon learning of her past, yet you were head over heels for her five minutes before, then yeah, it's transphobic and a bit shitty, but she's probably better off without you.
1. Transphobic 3. If what you prefer is their cisgender status, transphobic. 4. Not transphobic. 5. How would you even know if you weren't told?
Seriously, RTFM on how sexual dimorphism works and how plastic it is.
Right, because being trans isn't a condition how? The science isn't with you, but you clearly have made your mind up firmly. I hope no trans woman ever has to go through the annoyance of needing to reject you, but you're transphobic anyway, and repeating the "lies to children" oversimplifications from first grade health class is not going to persuade me, while citing the academic literature on biological sex won't persuade you.
Define normal human variant without resorting to social constructs or value judgments, then. Go! Or we could not debate epistemology. It's actually far from simple.
If you met me, and for all I know you have, you would have no idea I transitioned because, you know, freaking biology. And I wouldn't tell you, because I would consider your behavior better and more authentic if you didn't know something you obviously find important enough to consider a woman a man if you hear about it.
Forgive me if I'm in no hurry to go from being treated like the hottest and most interesting girl in the room to a dead-from-the-waist-down unwoman deemed a man. That said, I could well be someone you know. I could well be any woman you haven't known more than three years. We're like ninjas dude.
So gay isn't a normal variation either, but fertile xx men and xy women are. Good to know. You do realize that the idea that only reproductively viable organisms are normal variations is both a construct and a value judgment, no? It's not an unreasonable one in general, but you certainly didn't do the thing I asked you to.
Sweetie, humans naturally come in male and female through a messy, often incomplete process that leaves various liminal cases, which would include intersex people and trans people. If you can demonstrate to me that humans come in human and dog, I'll book your neutering today and we can get you a nice flea collar.
*slow clap*. So don't get fucking FFS, and also have a wonderful day. I'm going to go off and enjoy the hot girl treatment that my Zukowski abomination face has somehow hypnotized people into offering me.
At the end of a long getting-to-trust-you dance, sure, why not. (Seriously, all my friends on here get vetted like they might blow up my life, cause stealth)
Realize that trans men do not have it easier. Just different bodily traits to be dysphoric about. You do the best you can, and it's a big improvement over what was. You recognize that you can't change everything with current technology, but also that what we have would be the envy of a thousand generations of trans women far less fortunate than we. And in the future, they're going to have freaking space liners and total body reconstructions and all manner of other goodies.
You can imagine why "so did you get your dick cut off? Are your tits fake? No? Can I see?" might constitute a hostile work environment rather than an opportunity to educate.
It seems to me that it would be easier to make the case by comparing standard workloads with full time faculty, but also that this is a case that needs to be made by unions and probably in court. I teach 24-26 credits a semester at several schools, which if I'm not mistaken is around 60-100% higher than the typical teaching-only per-line workload.
Don't waste the poor bullets, they've done nothing wrong! Use a machete and save on wasted metal.
Yes, it's extremely common, kinda the norm.
Sarahisnotamused, but sarahisinspired?
Good day. I'm a woman who transitioned. Exactly how many gay men do you think want to sleep with me? They like dudes, not women; that's kinda how it works.
1. It should arrest and potentially reverse that hair growth. Facial hair will often need to be removed, usually by laser. 2. Some existing breast development will only speed up the process of further breast growth.
You need to have a talk with my body, then; it's really being inconsiderate by failing to meet your sweeping expectations and generalities. The woman you replied to is perhaps overselling, but as a general rule, you're equally inaccurate the other way.
Frankly, you don't know what you're talking about. Think a bit before replying and also ask yourself if maybe I've heard all this confident theorizing in bold declarative sentences many times before from untransitioned and early transition people who also didn't know what they were talking about. For the record, I had a fairly masculine body before, though fairly wide hips, and I'm rather tall. I'll be "the tall girl" all my life; I'll field volleyball and basketball questions until I'm a bent old lady; and I stealth rather easily, because, you know, literally biology.
We're not in that world yet, and making it clear that we're not ashamed of ourselves and won't bend knee to those who despise us is still very needful. That said, I don't tend to bother with Pride because big parties and marches and tons of sunlight aren't my thing.
And visibility matters for that.
