pretty long, if NKorea needs resources, they will threaten the entire world and the world will give him resources again. Also, lets not forget China and Russia are still an allies of North Korea.
that's your assumption, I can't downvote, the arrow is not available, dumbass
ehhh no, Bazoer is the best Ajax player with Tete, Bazoer deserves to be 78-79 and Tete 79.
What are your custom tactics you use? And what instructions do you give your players?
sorry mate and thanks
He's even good on LCM/CM
Yeah so true, he seems a lot faster and his attacking sense is amazing really.
Yeah true, not for that kind of money. Luckily I had IF Lamela and Lavezzi. Later I got Aguero, Biglia, Pastore and Di Maria. Now I'm thinking of just putting him on the bench since I he's great to come in and wreck havoc when the opponent is tired. Got a bit of money now so I'm thinking of combining other players with Aguero.
do the skill game, it really helps :) just retry everytime you fail or dont perfect it, you will get the hang of it
EAids white knights will come in and say that this is the realism we wanted and that EAids is doing everything right
I dont think the chemistry card is an issue, when you play him on a different position he often has different instruction, just put him back first and see if he plays normally again.
Was just about to post this lol
they are number 1 at the moment so what are you talking about?
I laughed, hard
I do, but you're obviously biased while I'm not a fan of any club. If Van der Wiel is 78, so should Tete at least. Bazoer is better than Klaassen at the moment and he's 79 rated. Bazoer should at least be 78 like Tete.
Leno
not really I've read it many times here lol
same, I dont get it why he gets praised all the time, if you want to guy for the title, Mane isn't good enough.
no one is implying that, you are bringing up a point no one mentioned in this, its just true he isnt good enough to make us a title winner, but that doesnt mean he shouldnt come or he doesnt have qualities.
Hi Palmer, I've been following the rift for quite some time, not as fanatic as I have seen other people do, but I'm still quite excited. My question is, which game in which setting/gaming setup has given you the best impression/experience of the Rift?
that's his phone
not on the first touch but if there's a guy trying to get it from you, you will shield it during the first touch
Another injury
Yeah with all the limitations he had, he couldnt get a few world class players he wanted, so what only remains are the old players and some expensive new ones he did get but aren't good enough yet
No they shouldn't, the players aren't that good really. They have a lot of potential, but they just aren't that good.
How is Mourinho any different than Van Gaal? Look where he brought Chelsea. Now before you say he won titles with Chelsea, LVG also won titles.
Unbeaten at the world cup isn't a relevant success? In 2010 he won the Bundesliga with Bayern Munich after a rocky start. So many here are glory hunters. You need to give him time. 2 seasons isn't enough to fix such a broken team.
Bale is great, Neymar not that great because of his finishing. But he still can score a lot and 5 star skills + 5 star weak foot. I got the money to buy Messi or Ronaldo, not sure which one I will get.
I play with Ronaldo a lot in FUT Draft and I love the way he plays. He's so OP. But Messi has better chemistry with my Aguero and Tevez.
Can anyone tell me when I should buy Ramos, Boateng, Modric, Neuer and Alaba?
Bale has more shot power which helps for scoring as well.
a lot of people dont appreciate logic but prefer to let their emotions run wild
he does often but players personal mistakes happen
I wonder how the fat man feels now that Rooney has scored
LVG - Liverpool 4-0
senor i think
Sold my squad while players were still expensive. My team now in 4-3-1-2 Ronaldo - Neymar James Rodriguez Vidal - Modric - Iniesta Alaba - Boateng - Ramos - Danilo Neuer Loving this squad, especially Ronaldo, he's even more insane than in FUT Draft because the opponents are weaker. Neymar feels like an extra CAM which is great because I play everything to Ronaldo. Which creates space.
Japan havent apologized for comfort women.
He wont add anything extra with the current midfielders we have now. A creative attacking midfielder with pace is needed.
Lukaku to Madrid? No way
they havent apologized to specific countries, like the Netherlands, we're still waiting for an apology.
yeah I think he's great as well, but I'd rather see someone else....I dont feel like Kroos can force a win.
exactly what I wanted to say, Shaw might not come back in time or properly. And its good to have competition. Im also sure both of them can play on the other side as well.
still would be filled with contracts and no TOTY player hahaha
Wesley Snipes?
yeah especially Ronaldo's height, jumping power, finishing, 5* skill moves, shot power, nothing compared to what Neymar and Messi have.
4312 with Ronaldo and Neymar as LF and LF haha
I've had that in FIFA 15. I started making another team but that fun only lasted a short time. Then I started playing other games or other modes like Pro Clubs which is great if you have a bunch of friends who play FIFA.
Get Marcelo, there wont be any better LB. Godin and Higuain will most likely get a TOTS so there will be better versions of them. Marcelo's price will rise more and more.
89 rated Benzema? I'll sell my Neymar for that!
True, it was the same in FIFA 15 :) Only Ronaldo and Messi are worth investing in if you have that possibility.
same, I used Messi as well but Ronaldo forces his way trough and always scores.
EA wants to add extra drama in their games, so they control it for you. That's why it happens a lot.
You're goddamn right
I mean, you must have studied the code for some time and been a part of the production process for many years to say no against what I've said, while my statement is an obvious conclusion based on multiple observations by hundreds of gamers. It's the JOB of the DEVELOPERS to create something that impresses you. How could you even reject the idea they wouldn't control parts of the game for you in order to achieve that? For example, FIFA have had sliders for a long time to control the game, increase chances of scoring etc, why aren't they able to do that in-game to create a dramatic effect? EA white knight spotted!
he will get a TOTS most likely or even an upgrade, he will reach 99 stats soon if he gets a big upgrade.
im so happy i didnt sell neymar for SIF benzema hahaha, dodged a bullet there
I would just wait with buying the likes of Aguero, get it after the upgrades/TOTS, or use it and sell it in time but thats difficult.
yeah or someone from the youth, but I think its better to buy someone with experience right now.
because EAids, many issues like this in many of their games require just an easy patch, but they just dont care.
exactly, they simply dont care
exactly, well said, too bad most people here don't want to face the truth that EAids are dirty manipulators.
dude, FUT uses it's own settings, it's not the same as offline playing. It's also been that way in FIFA 15. You've had more than a year to find that out and you still haven't accomplished that. Sad really.
its all her bra though, she has a korean c cup i guess, which is the same as b cup in western countries
Tancredi Palmeri, working for La Gazzetta dello Sport and beIN Sport says it's becoming more likely that Neymar will go to Manchester United.
you englishmen are just loving panic management. You seriously think the squad will improve under a different coach? Ever thought that the players are just not good enough? If you had to create your own club, and you can buy anyone you want, which player of Manchester United would you pick? Maybe De Gea, no one else is of world class quality. I think the tactics of LVG are too advanced to be performed correctly by these players.
thanks man this is great, but yes, I'm sure. The thing is, she's very slim and she got natural boobs, her size is big in korea, but here in the western world, its pretty normal. But since she's so slim, her boobs look bigger. Still, hers are great and amazing.
I'm confident in LVG's tactics and strategy, it has been succesful so many times. The only thing that's left are 2-3 world class players that need to be bought.
never said 11 world class players were needed
they sack too much to be fake
yeah true she 100% did her face, but her chest bounces really naturally. But she has money so maybe she found a wonder doctor
thank the leftist apologists in our country, they are fucking mental
delusional people who either don't want to face reality or people who live in places where they don't have to deal with refugees and other scum that came in trough immigration
well said
lol what, the current parties in the government are leftist parties. CDA and D66 are leftist. They both form a party with the VVD in the European parlement. And they all follow the wishes of the EU. How can you deny that? Also for some motions made, it required the help of GroenLinks.
they aren't right orientated, holy shit, how blind can you be??? The EU isn't right wing at all, it's a socialist hell hole.
lol defense being cut isnt a right wing policy at all, thats bullshit. They are spending a lot of money to donate to 3rd world countries, which is left wing, they are supporting the EU's leftist program, which is left wing as well. It's not a different spectrum at all. Its pretty much the same. Its not about following the EU or not, but the program the EU has which the Netherlands follows everything.
very true. but maybe they werent so sure themselves as well
when I see her I always think she isn't really 100% right in her head, she looks a bit crazy. Maybe she has borderline or something
hahahaha this always cracks me up
hahaha Americans, such a dumb fat bunch
so whats the difference really? it stops rolling earlier?
Frans Traitormans is already saying what he said before isn't completely right. Typical leftwing bitch.
Well said OP, finally a post that shows how it really is, too many dumb fans here have way too high expectations
I've tried it but there's no difference
lol what, how is it his fault everyone gets injured?
Exactly, LVG tactics was always depended of having good full backs
how?
yeah same for me, but its not the lag, they patched the gameplay
no it doesnt, because everyone knows its ridiculous
You're kind of contradicting yourself. It's because they are a mediocre opponent that they could play attacking football. Attacking football was always a possibility but now with a defense like this. It's way too risky.
Couldn't agree more
Man, I remember how shit he was at Ajax at the beginning, I just didnt understand why Frank de Boer kept using him, but then he kept growing and growing, and that Ajax won against Barcelona (Messi was missing but still), and Blind was one of the main players in that match. He made some mistakes, he was outran, beaten in duels etc. But still kept growing. Suddenly those 2 magnificent assists were made by him at the world cup, that shitty player, suddenly grows rapidly, and he keeps growing at Manchester United. It's such a rare sight to see really. I think almost everyone that watches the Premier League can agree Blind has been one of the most consistent players in the league and one of the better ones. It's just that his name doesn't reach the headlines a lot because of his position.
EAids at it's best
lol'd hard
mmh yeah I can see your point
hahahahaha
lol propaganda at it's best. Im sure many amerifats are willing to believe this
ask for the numbers. Also the percentage of locals who do rape compared to the total population of locals is much lower than the amount and percentage of refugees who rape/sexually assault people. So you can actually see it's a cultural thing.
Shouldn't we have the woman from Dorne in here?
he knew he would lose though
The only reasonable explanation IF Bran had something to do with it is that he gave a vision to the mad king about the white walkers, where he was already mad or senile, it twisted his mind and said BURN THEM ALL, but he wanted to kill the white walkers or whatever. I dont think Bran was a part of the Mad King's madness
Maybe supporters from all the religions have to come together to put an end to the white walker drama.
Im getting more and more the feeling he's getting more power hungry
As a CS player, Widow Maker is awesome. I love her grappling hook skill. She's my best character but I'm pretty good with Genji too and most of the other heroes. But Widow Maker in the hands of a decent/good CS player is lethal. When someone comes close, I just jump down, bait them in jumping down making them walk over my mine, and I grapple myself back up, distance has been made and I shoot them down.
It's the same really, only you need to charge your shot and the hitboxes are different. But the same sense of aiming and reaction applies.
thanks mate!!!
As a dutch person I can confirm this, but we also talk about the dangers and the mechanics. When I was young we had to watch a movie of a woman giving birth with ALL the details. It was disgusting but very educative.
Yeah because of that people misunderstand. But picks will become better when ranked mode comes
I dont think so, it's just that he has no escapes and dies easily. When he dies, he has 0 skills to make him return faster. I seriously think that a team shouldn't rely on Zenyatta's healing because its not a fast heal and its only a single target heal. Yes it will accumulate to high numbers, but it wont let you tank the way Mercy heals. The heal is good, no doubt.
Not that difficult really. but like i said, you dont have to be good with her
to me, the passing is much better than previous FIFA's, but it's still bad.
Great! It's pretty essential for a subreddit like this one. Guides are the best way for people to learn in my opinion.
Was guessing it meant Public Unranked Game
Thanks for the bit of credit! haha
The biggest wish I have right now is with Zlatan coming, that Memphis Depay gets back on track to who he was before the transfer. Memphis should start to become Zlatan's little bitch so that he has someone to look up to and grow. Imagine all the skills those 2 will pull off. Oh my oh my.
his passing was really shit though, but you could see in the combinations that it could be extremely dangerous for the opponent. So I guess the potential is there.
Wijnaldum?
so original
where?
awesome, please reply to me so I can see the inbox pop up
dont you feel the need to place all 6 of them? I just get the feeling they get destroyed too easily if its only 2-4
What about all the other ulti's like Reaper, D.Va and so on
I hope this is a joke. Atheism shouldn't even be a thing (meaning that it's neutral), so days like these shouldn't either. As an atheist myself, this is cringy
nah, its the same tone every year "we really want to bring a new experience to the players blablabla"
you can add another 1% because they are always 1 year behind with BPL players, which means Memphis will get his face in FIFA 100%.
He only has to look at you and you will automatically run your laps harder than you normally do
Why is everyone so excited? They will just port FIFA 16 to this engine, make some adjustments and graphical improvements, throw in some marketing slogans and you got FIFA 17. I GUARANTEE IT. It's EA we are talking about. FUT will remain their main focus. Forget about a good career mode and forget about a huge improvement on proclubs.
The only great thing about FIFA 16 was the R1 pass. No touch dribbling is useless unless you spam it for cheap acceleration boosts. Thats it really.
I seriously doubt it because they didnt have to do that when they switched from last gen to current gen. They are both EA engines so I wouldn't be surprised if they could easily port it.
I seriously doubt it because they didnt have to do that when they switched from last gen to current gen. They are both EA engines so I wouldn't be surprised if they could easily port it.
dont be an idiot, they didnt intend it for people to exploit it for acceleration boosts. There is 0 added worth for no touch dribbling compared to doing skill moves.
Why would you even main heroes? Sometimes the situation doesnt ask to have one of your main heroes in the team.
exactly
She's fine the way she is in my opinion. You can take her out just as easily. Maybe make her body shots do less damage and headshots more rewarding.
People underestimate what he has brought. There are so many dumbass fans here that he's glad he's gone and wanted the team to lose just so that LVG would get sacked. You know who you guys are, pure trash. Don't you think that Van Gaal would perform better if he also got the likes of Zlatan? Anyway he loved the players, the fans and the club. It's a pity but Mourinho can now finalize the team on what LVG has build.
I implied a player of Zlatan's caliber. It's because Zlatan and LVG have a history together at Ajax.
http://www.youredm.com/2016/06/08/watch-steve-aoki-stream-overwatch-live-twitch/ Coincidentally, Aoki was playing Lucio haha
Wow this is pretty amazing really. Great tactic on defense.
you do realize that you're playing a cartoon shooter right?
because their ranks will seperate them
hahahahahaha fuck off, it's the same
she doesn't need a nerf, she can be easily killed already
Just for your information, samurai's can be archers too lol
mad cause bad
bad programming obviously, they either dont have good programmers, or the engine blows that its way to difficult to program it. I think its a combination of both.
Remove a feature from FIFA. Implement it in a newer FIFA and call it a new feature. Just EA things.
it doesnt always give you the player you want, even if you do it in the right direction
I hope they stop making defenders pure retards
So you're saying God created this distortion you're talking about? Because he's all powerful and everything goes according to his plan. Or else he isn't all powerful.
Ive already known this, just a case of lazy porting and not removing the loading procedure of FIFA 15
Im not able to watch the match. Can anyone tell me how likely it is that England will end up winning the match or play a draw? Do they have a good chance to score? I put money on Wales haha, I need them to win.
lol whut? you can just call up another player
maybe by sitting in the car and close the garage door, you will just fall asleep after some bad coughing
yeah totally different level there, everyone is much better
this is so cringey
haha Im sure those kinds of people are everywhere, but generally, the level of korean players are higher, at least, in the 20 games I've played there. Their teamplay is really good (not talking about pre-made). Their general sense of teamplay and knowing what to do to get that win is much better while westeners are more content with having "fun".
They know people want it so they will add it as a new feature in FIFA 18 rather than doing it for FIFA 17. That's how EA rolls.
how will praying help his dog?
There's a starbucks at star city i think
Dictator
false hope
wasnt talking about religion, just praying
funny thing is, at the beginning you couldnt score goals from kickoff, they nerfed it because of the complaints in FIFA 15, later they "buffed" it again because they want people to buy FIFA 17 where shitty gameplay like this isnt happening. just EA things
they want you to buy FIFA 17
you always got white knights defending their favorite game no matter what. like you said, it makes perfect sense business-wise. If you had a business that could increase the need (and thus buyers) of your upcoming product, would you do it? I would. And they are doing it.
I know some basic korean and I can tell you it's correct :)
the mid CM was a CDM I think, it was Nigel de Jong and Clasie. Sometimes it was switched to 523 with only 2 midfielders so that the front consisted out of Depay, Van Persie/Huntelaar and Robben.
what is PTR? and where can I get/find it?
more like 3 CDM's then
The graphics arent that great guys, stop overhyping it.
we can't because their ideology is against ours. we aren't the problem though. Unless they adapt, we have a problem.
yeah, which means they arent really muslim, but a cherry picking muslim, like most christians are nowadays in europe.
of course its a lot better than the previous engine, but we still live in the present, and if you compare FIFA 17's graphics with other current games, it's not amazing at all. It's just normal.
reddit is full of leftist propaganda, dont fall for it lol
mmh I see, but they can train to become better. To not change the game just because of the current pro's and their limits is a bit weird
Bremain will win. The EU, the powerful people, the murder, everything is against Brexit :( dutch guy here, I hope Brexit wins but it wont happen. You cant beat powerful organisations with democracy. Democracy is dead.
Earlier a woman in line for a sandwich said if I voted brexit she would stab my puppies to death
the election is, but if you see how it's being influenced, it really isn't
"some nationalistic pride" hahahaha, how about making our own damn decisions? how about not giving millions of euros to countries and people in the EU that dont deserve receiving that money?
hahahaha are you serious? oh my god. you seriously think they wont be able to trade? how is Norway trading? How are China and India trading? How was everyone trading before the EU? You don't need to EU to trade or to make trading treaties.
yeah thats true, but if you win, then theres no sudden death.
you think countries will suddenly stop buying from the UK? you know they can just make another treaty that might be even more advantageous for the buying and selling party right? Because the EU isnt involved. And if its a treaty with an EU country, the EU would be crazy to shut off anything from the UK, they need the UK too.
hahahaha wont happen
hahahaha so mad
hahaha you're mad, that's the definition of being mad
Can someone tell me when a new PM will be decided? What are the conditions? Why can Boris Johnson become PM? I hope someone can answer me questions :)
democracy bitch, go support a dictator if you want that shit
maybe you should live in a communist country if you dont like democracy
People will riot then I think.
Thanks for the answer! But why a conservative candidate? Because Cameron was a conservative as well? Are they from the same party? And does it have to be a brexit leader?
Ohhh so Boris is a brexit supporter while being in the same party as Cameron? Really interesting.
thanks mate I really appreciate it
Yes lets all believe a random person on the internet
I never play McCree and Reaper because they seem to lame and boring for me. I can play with every other hero equally well.
yeah just 300 points for 1 weapon
pub games are getting boring, waiting for ranked is so tedious. PTR isnt helping me because its laggy as fuck
thanks mate
the golden weapon is for every skin of the hero you give the golden weapon to
your username kinda gave it away
edited: people are attacking me. cant share a personal story. thanks for the support guys
waste of tax money, but leftwingers never care about wasting tax money, they only care about receiving it
thats not boycotting
name and/or instagram?
hahahaha that can be a positive and a negative thing
You will never get your money back guys.
In other words, they won't fix it, you'll just have to wait for FIFA 17
I hope this can be investigated more. Very interesting!
HAHAHAHAHA
no dude, ranked points are different from currency. So when you have 300 points, you can buy a golden weapon for 1 hero. That weapon will apply to ALL the skins of the hero you gave it to. Unless you are talking about the remaining heroes, then yes, you need to collect A LOT haha.
haha sorry mate, its been a long day at work. Im happy you got your answer now.
lol its the internet, toxic people are everywhere, you need to grow a thicker skin
well you can always play pub games and leave ranked more alone =/
Stupid post. They can play pub games if they arent playing to win. You are mixing up people's intentions with skill.
IF Tevez? he's worse than his original card
What would you spend it on instead if you knew FUT was one big lie? Why not spend that money on that in the first place?
exactly, it's their fault for messing it up AND not being transparent about how everything works.
that would be awesome, so smart of you!
you're right, I'm one of those people, I'm sorry. But we have been oppressed for so long :,(
they know whats up, they kept teasing him about it in a longer video, innocence not found haha
exactly, that can only mean that they want casual players to have a better chance at winning against better players, which means, handicap or secret chemistry boosts or whatever. Otherwise they wouldnt have any problem being transparent about it.
People talked about the chemgate and it changed. Simply ignoring the problem won't change anything.
that's the whole point of bringing it up, so that EA releases a statement because neither sides, the ones that believe in momentum and the ones that don't, both don't have solid evidence.
nice padding
totally is padding, in her recent photoshoot, you can see her size a lot better, even when wearing a push up bra/bikini. They aren't as big as this video. Also, most korean girls wear heavy padded bra's while wearing a rashguard, like 99% of them. It's a too good opportunity to pass up to not wear a padded bra.
Yes, the same with Hanzo ulti and any ranged projectile based ulti's. Not sure about Mei's ulti though, I don't think that's possible.
ITT self proclaimed martial arts experts being salty as fuck
Next time your dad get's jail for life for no reason, and you question it, we can answer with "because it's LIFE"
In the code posted here on this sub, it said something about the referee decisions, seems that it applies to this situation
Dont you get in trouble with your attackers not making the runs you want on free form? Mine get stuck on the opponent's defenders.
because of the defender's marking, they can't get loose from the defenders, so they won't make a run or get stopped in their runs.
I just put 3 on the choke and 3 nearby spawn at some annoying locations. Once they are destroyed I can easily build further on the choke point.
I played against him once in the weekend league and he made crazy interceptions and pushed my Emre Can with anchor off the ball lol. But I guess he had momentum on his side. Still won of course but that was pure bullshit.
Evolution doesn't work like that
Sliders are already in the game and all EA has to do is adjust them behind the scenes during online gameplay to give an advantage to a team. That's all there is to it. I still don't understand why people keep denying this possibility.
just a matter of priorities really, one system makes money, the other just changes the color of the kit
I have also played thousands of games of FIFA, but I think it exists. Same goes for many people here. So that doesn't say anything really.
pretty much this
change your formation in-game to 41212 narrow, put CDM on stay back with conservative interceptions (same for LB and RB). Put chance creation on organized instead of free form and put it on 55 each. The plus side of this is that you get to decide when and where they make runs. It might not be ideal but it's alot more stable and relies on your passing and your chance creation instead of waiting the computer to make runs for you. R1 + pass a lot on their half. (source: I'm an elite 2 player)
she provoked him so it is HER fault AND the fault of the zoo for not holding the gorilla in captivity.
Manual runs as in R1? I do yeah. Also with the narrow formation, I advise you to put Martial and Remy at ST. Put Sissoko instead of Mahrez in your team, he's a good and cheap allrounder who's a better midfield player. You can sub Mahrez in when Martial or Remy gets tired. You can also get Emre Can with shadow/anchor/catalyst chem card. Put him at ST and change him to CM in-game, with Kante as CDM, Eriksen as CAM and Sissoko as CM. Martial can be swapped to ST. Remy starts as ST.
that's true, but the midfield might be lacking a bit. Moutinho/Sanches Pereira and Andre Andre/Fernandes? Something like that
yeah I also got 1 team, I dont like using different squads. Also a waste of investments
that should mean M/H work rates should work as well right? unless they overlap but that's not what I'm talking about
water is pretty essential
proof please
it does happen often
So you are asking EA to make less profit? lolol that will never happen
not really, especially not chickens who are made by selective breeding, they will die either way. Evolution can also cause bad traits/parts/genes to "transfer" to other offspring/generations because an animal got lucky by surviving or had the chance to reproduce, but that doesn't mean it stayed alive or reproduced because they were succesful because of their good traits/genes.
still a lot for a competitive game where every goal and win counts. And yes our definition might be different from yours, but it's not only bullshit goals, also bullshit moments (which often result in bullshit goals but can also result in good goals).
what has that got to do with evolution? lol also bad traits can be passed on even if you are talking about other animals, my point still stands.
Can is 90 rated on that position when he has that chem card. You dont need to position change. Overall ratings are just an indication. The in-game stats are what matters.
did I say that? If you are saying scripting doesnt exist, I want to see proof
The person making the claim is about saying it's bad coding instead of scripting. Learn to read please.
The person making the claim is about saying it's bad coding instead of scripting. Learn to read please.
not really, you seem to be wanting me to push me into that category. FIFA is as mainstream as it gets lol. I just think it's lame to be excited that a youtuber browses this subreddit. As if he's some kind of celebrity. It's just a guy that plays games and records them while doing it. Big deal...
the person I replied to was saying it's about bad coding and not scripting. So I said, show me the proof. That's all. Is that so hard to understand?
not really, you're just trying to steer me into that direction lol where is the proof of bad coding? that's all I'm asking.
we all know Scotland and Ireland are EU shills
I'm asking for evidence of bad coding, where is it?
You think he's worth it? I'm not sure. But at the same time, I don't know what else to get since my team is pretty complete already.
maybe a little, wont go up by much
There's no use in selling him really, he's the best player out there. There's no topping it (except his informs)
true, I got his non-IF, but I guess I'll save up for TOTY and TOTS
I never have trouble scoring against Butland, Always happy to play against him. Also no problem playing against a Musa. But I fucking hate playing against Firminho, for some reason he Always scores.
mmh I see, then you should sell him now while his price is still high
And modric for midfield or something?
they are using futbin.com to see the overall stats with chemistry
oh really? please show me evidence it's for offline only
why would they implement it then? it's a new stat in FIFA 17 but it was present in other years as well, only to be removed and to be added this year again I think
Use the 41212(2) (narrow) so you have a CDM that can intercept stuff and defend. Also with that team you should be getting division 1 titles.
yeah most likely, or he really was a retarded kid, both could be possible
Is Bale worth it to buy now? Or save coins for TOTY? I can buy him, put him as CAM (or CM if someone recommends), and move Pogba a line back to CM (he's my current CAM), and make him play more defensive. The one that will leave my squad is IF Valencia who plays CM now. He's a beast. http://imgur.com/a/Qe1OJ which one?
IF Valencia, I use him as CM, basically another IF Kante lol
If the normal card is for example 80 and the IF is 83. The upgrade will give for example +2, so his normal card becomes 82. The IF won't be affected. If the normal card is 82 and the IF 83 and he gets an upgrade of +1 or +2, then his IF is forced to bump up.
nope, his IF will stay silver
If the normal card is for example 80 and the IF is 83. The upgrade will give for example +2, so his normal card becomes 82. The IF won't be affected. If the normal card is 82 and the IF 83 and he gets an upgrade of +1 or +2, then his IF is forced to bump up.
For more drama, EA loves drama, so do their fanboys
This is nothing new really.
I can't take this seriously, no IF Vogt in this list
A Pogba POTM will be so retarded, will probably cost 2 million to complete
That sucks, I just bought Bale so I hope I can do that too
From the general reward pack right? The TOTW pack you get for reaching elite wont have TOTY players right?
Best chem card for Bale on CAM? I think Basic looks pretty good.
Together with this dude? http://sofifa.com/player/208008 Vitinho for CSKA Moscow Also a Brazilian 5 star skiller at ST.
I'm not giving him information dipshit, I'm asking for myself
no not in that curve, watch it more closely, after the touch it's already going into a direction
there is no "aside from the direction change", thats the whole point OP is making
that's bullshit and you know it, it's going into a direction already including with a spinning animation and it suddenly goes into a different direction after that
his point still stands, he said it's one of the most developed game engine's in history and he's right.
wow good job! so it's helping I see
Seems fine but I wouldnt use Rode, try to get Gustavo/Guilavogui instead.
Not everyone plays on PC obviously
Van Dijk, but he will most likely get a TOTS cosistent card which is nice, he already had one the last 3-4 years of FIFA
Which is stupid, these kind of video games are about skill, not random bullshit
nice, getting downvoted for saying it's about skill, not luck. I guess the people here don't want it to be a skill based game, explains why EAids made this game to tend to the casual player.
I've made better
there were many facebook articles, it was also mentioned at fok.nl which is visited a lot
where is yours?
they didn't say much really, just that EA influenced the game so that it makes it more exciting. So when you are winning with 2-0 for example, that it becomes harder to score more goals and that the team chemistry influences things. It was based on the code shown here on reddit.
well dutch is older than english and comes from the same family of languages. Also the Netherlands and England have a long history together (mostly not positive lol)
most of those articles are based on the reddit topic made right here. It showed a piece of code where it was talking about team chemistry. You say it seems insignificant, how do you know? You know as much as the people who claims it has a negative influence. Only EA knows, but if SO MANY people feel something is wrong with this game, which such consistent bullshit, it's only normal people are leaning to what makes sense.
nice try, you're in the end making an assumption in your article, it's not based on solid facts
Also those articles crlarsen is spreading to promote his website claiming it's solid evidence. That was even before the chem gate hahahahahahaha. I'm sure he included that in his article. Oh wait, he didn't cause he didn't have shit as facts. Or else he would've been the first one to point it out that the cards chemistry were broken on new players/position changes/IF's.
oh no that's not how it works, people who make claims must show the evidence, people who claim scripting is real and people who say it's not real should both show evidence. However, your assumptions are not evidence. Far from it. Show me the total code of the game that applies to the area of the code where scripting could have been implemented but isn't. I'll believe you then. But you can't. The same goes for people who believe in scripting and all the other things. They can't. That's the whole fucking problem. So don't come crying for evidence when you know it's not possible to provide it because no one has the tools for it to disect the whole code. Your assumption didn't mention shit about the chem gate btw. Your fail assumptions should've picked that up.
it's too consistent for that
The name doesn't matter at all, it's about the effect on the game that matters. Don't be such EA cocksucking fanboy please.
Elite 1, then I'm happy. Elite 2 is my highest so far. But I don't think I can reach Elite 1. Everyone's teams are getting better and better. I've seen some insane squads....
wow you are really good at drawing the wrong conclusions. Like I said before. You didnt say anything about chem gate before it was known. you are the one that claimed there was no influence or handicap from EA. You with the "solid facts" should have discovered it. Which means your research is bullshit. The only thing you did was report about it afterwards.
Remy is better
I believe EA messes with the game behind the scenes but this got nothing to do with it.
did you copy your current squad or did you start a completely new one?
thanks for your input!
defense consists out of Marcelo Boateng IF Vogt Carvajal Neuer in the goal Midfield has SBC Emre Can, IF Kante and Pogba
I cant Im at work lol, but I have like 600k at the moment
oh Im not searching for a squad lol, I also got Ronaldo, IF Lacazette, Pogba, IF Kante and Bale already. I just have a question about the workrates in defense.
Hilarious how all the Hillary supporters here believe in 4chan's joke. Welcome to the internet, you guys must be new here.
Sounds like a case of: "People are calling us for what we are, better call them nazi's in return to make them stop".
thanks lol, well I replaced IF Vogt for IF Hummels. Except for pace and the different workrate, IF Hummels is much better. It's a 6 nation 4 league hybrid.
haha no I have a dutch squad I want to fill with informs.
Which division and which rank are you? Playing TOTY Kroos in Division 10 is different than in Div 1
Wolverine, I heard a spot is open soon.
This is hilarious, please let it be a troll
Love this red card. My best super sub!
This is like real life Pokemon
If you want to improve your squad to win the division 1 title, would you rather have advise from someone in division 10 or someone who won the title in division 1?
Would love to get that Neuer or Marcelo.
I miss him on the Daily Show. I don't really agree with his current political view on Trump, but he made a lot of sense most of the time and knew how to bring it to the public. He was amazing. The new guy is just not funny.
SIF? I got his TIF recently with the SBC challenge and he just sliced my opponent's defense to shreds lol. Takes a different approach to playing than other CAM's though. I used more physical players on CAM before.
In theory, the Switch is the best platform to play FIFA on. Play wherever you want. You can also just create a hotspot with your mobile Phone and play online. But there won't be a big player base.
**** you :( damn thats good
Got gold since I didnt have enough time to play in december. Was simply not worth it. Ill check when I get home.
because his odds seemed realistic to me
I think you were pretty serious and you're trying to safe yourself
lol I'm just joking dude, people on this sub can't take a joke anymore.
nah, I'm weekly elite 2/3 and I recognize this kind of bullshit as well. If my opponent has a lot of possesion, it's easier for me to score. It's not that hard to understand. Also the same goes for the other way around. It's just that the top 100 players on youtube are good enough to fight against that bullshit, while I have a bigger chance to get defeated by it.
bla bla bla
pretty sure it has to do with RNG stats and the finishing stat of Lewandowski, that the ball can go in after a touch of the goalkeeper. Of course the animation looks ridiculous. But I find that players with high passing, it ends up at the right player even after a touch of the opponent, and players with high finishing, get the goal even after a touch or rebound.
I think most people would react differently if Koeman wasn't the trainer at Everton at the moment. "Schneiderlin goes to Everton" meh "Schneiderlin goes to Everton and Koeman is the trainer there" FUCK YEAH
Well it depends on how good you are. I think the majority of the people who play FUT suffer from it the most. If you are good, you can beat it, if you are good but lacking in some area's, you can really suffer from it. One of the arguments in this discussion is that you also can get an advantage from it. But it shouldn't be in the game in the first place. Just let skill decide it.
special snowflake
Why not a real FE game? So stupid.
lol look at all these salty lefttards in here
Nope I'm playing for the rank, not the rewards. But the rewards are a nice bonus.
oh yeah sure, I dont mind better rewards of course. During the holidays I didn't play but before and after that I did. It's just that I'm lucky I have the time for it most of the time.
Im afraid he will get an IF, so he wont be getting the most consistent player TOTS then :( but yeah the regular PL would also be nice/same!
Far from terrible, he can have 93 finishing lol. But I agree, never had problems going up against Musa.
then you can just shoot with his good foot? You said his shot was terrible. It's just not true with the right chem card.
people get more riled up from things like momentum and scripting than bad coding
there's a reason EA has been the worst company
that's what you said after your first claim, I'm still talking about your claim that said specifically his shot was bad.
He played very well but I highly doubt he will reach the level of his father. Probably will stay in the Eredivisie or low lever premier league club
I can imagine you guys are happy with Koeman
about fucking time. took them long enough to fix something so simple. will probably get a few more wins now too
if you back out you have a loss. You dont know what they have until you are matched up with them
those things are hidden as well
yeah sure, as if EST dates were a bigger problem than the bullshit that's happening in FIFA itself lol. But I'm glad it's finally hidden.
Pogstrangle
EA confirmed it I think.
In 5 years when this is complete, I will probably have a PC setup that can run this at full settings lol, no way my 970GTX can max this.
see the campaign as a bonus. I just want huge amazing costum battles
I dont get the joke. But I do have the time to play 40 games, and I do so weekly. I reach elite weekly. So I'm good. But I would like to spend my time on other things as well.
when is the patch released? it still didnt download anything yet
not really, people still got their games. And nothing beats the pure EAids bullshit thrown at you.
yeah I need this on 60fps haha, but it's amazing really.
It's not about the rewards perse. No need to accuse everyone who wants less games. No need to be such a huge cunt. I would love to play 30 matches only but still contest for the highest rank possible. Just so that I can do more things during the weekend. I play 40 matches every week and I do have the time to do it. So dont give me that bullshit.
LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE!!!!!!!
elite 1 player and an average player, fuck off lol
lol bullshit, typical leftwing talk
Memphis but he will get a 78 rating in FIFA 18 for sure :(
hahahahaha Serie A hahahaha
You can make a tourney in excel and just let them play friendly matches against each other
which means a lot of IF's won't get upgraded, because this year, EA has been generous with IF stat boosts compared to the years before.
How much better is he than his NIF?
it's quite the stat boost though, I noticed a lot of difference between DDG and Neuer
mostly because Martial has better finishing and people like putting Martial as ST/LF. Also Martial has better traits like "tries to beat defensive line" which is great for strikers.
stop trying to save yourself lol. you lost hard
might be a slight increase but people prefer other players and his IF is too expensive to be worth it.
typical EAids, only doing half of the work
what about in-game ratings, card generator fix (only the stats are shown and not the card) and a squad builder where you can apply Chemistry bonuses?
so a generic name and badge it is then
aww too bad you couldnt finish for gold then, it does take a lot of time to get all 40
I seriously didn't know lol
Not saying they've done it because of my suggestion, but it's really awesome. Totally going to get this skin. Hype is real. https://twitter.com/OverwatchKR/status/821900050573860865
FUCK YEAH I GOT BANNED FROM PSN FOR A WEEK!!! I'm so lucky
oh that sucks man, I understand now. Do you know what the monthly requirement is for Elite 3? How many wins this time?
nah, these days companies should be prepared for hackers and cheaters. Especially a gigantic company as EA should have good security. But it's EA, so there's that.
wouldnt surprise me if they are increasing the wins needed in the upcoming months for monthly elite :(
so what? just let them rage, no jeed to fuel the fire by replying
wow they finally lostened to some minor stuff and you dare to say "and yet"? fuck off
got the same thing. what was his reason behind it?
yeah I saw, great news!
haha nice I've done the same last year but without the EA background
Would be nice if they would add the whole league instead of half assing it. But pretty sure EAids will be EAids and only do the most popular players and clubs.
Too bad Nathan Ake doesn't count :(
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
no, not possible
what do kimono's have to do with this?
Who is Will and why is he so popular?
haha just a coincidence, a Widowmaker in Symmetra's chinese outfit would've been great as well
There are so many changes needed. The "big" change from this year is simply not enough.
Any Elite weekend league player want to share their opinion? Simple question, which squad is better? I got all the players in here. They are all full chem, I switch it in-game. 1. http://www.futhead.com/17/squads/4077115/ 2. http://www.futhead.com/17/squads/3503362/
You're just making it worse, you're just baiting more replies. He's in the wrong but this isn't good either.
I'm actually happy with this. I haven't played with a EPL squad for ages. Now I can use the red cards I got from the WL rewards. You guys might want to invest in IF Reid, since most people will make a IF Reid + Smalling combo lol.
it's insane that EA never is transparent about what each stat does. Sure they give a general discription but it's not enough, and some aren't explained at all.
could be just fans with a lot of money. If you played the WL's you could easily buy it. Just not worth the money, but if you're a Manchester United fan, I can understand it.
I agree and I don't dismiss your point of coin cheaters buying it. However, if I was a fan of Rooney or Manchester United, I would buy it and because of the WL, I could easily do so. Also, there are quite a lot of people who have Rooney on the midfield and swear by it. So I can imagine they would love this upgrade.
oh boohoo you could just ignore him
lame, I wanted to play with my EPL team :( haven't played with a full EPL team for ages.
of course I still can but that squad has lesser players than I have at the moment. I pretty much have a super team now. But it's fun to play with a squad you are forced to play with from 1 league only. Just for the variety.
I do believe EA influences the game behind the scenes, whether it's scripting/momentum/handicap by changing the sliders. But this is clearly a bug.
yep same problem, my players are so slow and don't want to turn properly. While yesterday, while I was playing Division 1, I was dribbling and turning with ease. It's simply not the same gameplay.
I feel that low drives shots are nerfed a bit but not that it has gone bad.
Also, the overall ratings aren't a problem really. What makes Smalling so OP is his phys stat and pace as a CB.
awww only 1 month... I see, thank you
Awakening was amazing. Fates not so much.
ITS JUST A YOUTUBER. Kids these days, actually caring about people on youtube....
Fates' story had so much potential. So much more than Awakening and it was (hurts so much to say this) bad. Bad as in FE standards. I love FE so much but I was disappointed with this one. But yeah, gameplay wise, it was good. I do miss the mini map of Awakening though.
i think they said it during an interview/press conference before FIFA 17 was released, I think the one where Reus was gaming.
using 90 Son, NIF Ronaldo and NIF Bale. Sometimes I put TOTY Marcelo instead of Bale if the knock out tournament requires 8 gold players max. But normally Marcelo is on the midfield.
Awww your co-workers at EA got it hard?
That's not the point though, the point is that the game is a mess. Whether he deserved to be scored against or not.
depends on which deparment really, also I highly doubt that their employees get treated well. A company who's been the winner of the worst company 2 times is highly doubtful.
If you didn't put the word penalty in the title, more people would've been surprised that he didn't score by cutting inside lol
https://www.futbin.com/17/squad/4374675 You can try this
Should I play NIF Bale as CAM or TIF Arnautovic as CAM?
that would be hilarious actually hahaha
funny username for your comment
I never care about the opinion of celebrities, they are specialized in what made them famous, not politics. They also live in big villa's and never know what's happening in the normal daily lives of people. I'm not saying he's wrong or right on this one, but in general, people shouldn't give a shit about celebrities.
No worries guys, he's selling a player from AZ to Dortmund, he's just saying this to generate publicity.
You can place one of them as CDM or RB, their stats should still be great.
hahaha that jumping part, no movement in her breasts whatsoever.
yep it's pretty obvious
when does it start?
E-A-AIDS, it's in the game
Bonucci and Buffon 100%
momentum clips are hard to capture because it's based on feeling, a combination of what you see and what you control at the same time. The game could easily adjust the gameplay sliders (which are available for everyone in the menu) behind the scenes to favor one of the players. You can't really capture that and by saying that you can explain all bullshit and EAids clips doesn't mean there is nothing happening behind the scenes.
"So there's a fine balance in there, and yes we want the game to be fun as well, so in that process we have to take certain decisions. For example, if our defensive AI--some people complain about it and I understand why--but if we made AI that was perfect, then you would never be able to score goals. They are always tracking you down, they are always in front, they are so responsive, so reactive, so the game would so close and [there would be] no goals, no fun. So we need to find a way to simulate the mistakes that people make in real life to put them in the game as well. Maybe they need to be a little more exaggerated to make sure in six minutes you see them, but yeah ... it's a balance and our goal is to have an authenticity while keeping a fun game." EA developer admitting the players makes errors on purpose.
it's not old news that a developer actually admits to it
that's not even the point
this also means that they implemented player mistakes on every other position, with every other player, intentional mistakes.
not if it's set on passive
play proclubs, the rebound "slider" is turned up so much higher than in other modes. That means it's already adjustable per mode.
but they will get blackmailed by having them to pay huge fines and shitty trade deals once they leave.
wont you get a shitload of bugs by making this?
Aside from this, it's logical to think that any party or side won't support something that can create more voters for the opposite party or side. Just like labour refuses to stop the immigration tsunami, those are all labour voters, and their children will be as well.
ouch, facts can hurt lol
Yep I know, and they both have a passion for hating jews. Funny thing is, if you are right wing these days, you get called a nazi, while the muslims and left wing hate jews. It's the world upside down lol.
This happens in real life too, there is no code that decides that the opponent should win /s
Also, watch the youtube tutorial of BorasLegend on skill moves you must learn and know. It's a game changer. Drill it into your mind and burn the video into your eyes.
It's always slow at the end of FIFA, they want you to buy the new version where it will feel fresh.
which formation do you play in? you Always play on balanced or ultra defensive? also what are your custom tactics and player instruction?
easiest to score is the double shoot button + R1. also defend with your midfielders and LB/RB's and let your CB's just stay where they are until you are positive you can get a tackle in.
It happened alright. The Sun is famous for being a shit newspaper but this happened.
once you have it, can you edit the original message and post the link there? i bookmarked it
E-SPORTS READY
The Netherlands: Johan Cruijff, Clarence Seedorf, Willem van Hanegem, Johan Neeskens, Hans van Breukelen, Michael Reiziger, Wim Kieft, Abe Lenstra, Mark van Bommel, Giovanni van Bronckhorst, and many more
Why would you even hate Koeman? He brought you guys more success than you had in a long time.
probably ronaldo chop
well people get emotional so I always understand the first emotional thoughts, but still, the most common motive in football is cash these days. I dont even get angry about it, I fully sympathise with trainers and players choosing for cash. We only live once and such opportunities are like winning the lottery.
Why are people bashing his record? Not everyone has the ambition to become one of the best. I have 90 Son, NIF Ronaldo and TOTS Thauvin, they are all amazing. But if you somehow get tired of Ronaldo, sell him and get 90 Son, he has better stats and 5 star weakfoot which is amazing.
So true. Elite 2 player here. I played DKO and some WL games on my brother's account who has a crap team around the 30k worth (he refuses to listen to my advice) and I still beat teams with 5-6 TOTS/POTY players. Still, I had no chance against player who knew how to play + really good players of course.
People haven't realized how much you can actually earn if you play the weekend league every week and get gold rank or more. It helps you grow so fast. But it costs soooooooooo much of your time and energy.
depends on the gap really, if I'm slightly better than you, while you have a super team and I have a budget team, you will most likely win (undeserved in the logic of the haters) by having good players who could be bought with real money (opening packs)
felt the same 4 months ago, last week i tried playing the WL again but it's just not worth it. Also the effect of WL rewards at the beginning of the game is much bigger than now. So it's pretty pointless because most people are at their end game already in terms of teams.
this game is horribly scripted in terms of gameplay sliders on the background adjusting to the favor of one of the gamers
waiting for the guy to come in saying it's caused by lag and not showing the right animation because of it lol
nope, if i pull out my LAN cable, my players dont lose fitness
E-sports ready! This happens in real life too!
EAids should just make the WL available for the whole week. Call it the week league. And qualification should be available at the same time. This way, people have plenty of time and everyone gets a fair chance without throwing away their social life in the weekend.
It's not luck based, it's EA deciding the game should be played in a certain way, which means that indeed like your example, players dont get easily destroyed unless the game either decides it should or that the skill gap is huge. If you are simply better by a good bit then it will always be a close game. It's incredibly noob friendly and semi on rails.
Yeah playing with visible ELO would be much better. But they wont change it, they dont care.
please be a troll, please be a troll, please be a troll....
I think I destroyed you yesterday in the weekend league lol
Soldier and Zarya
The bond with the humans ensures their survival, so if the bond grows stronger trough understanding, it helps.
not blaming you of course, it's something natural and biological to be afraid of something that hurt you. Maybe you need to start out with a small puppy.
no not really, since that's a given, so I was implying that you uni and this community are both cancerous
Bragging about charity is never a bad thing imo
It hurts the wallet of EA if gamers get good players without having to spend any real money. So that wont happen.
FUT Champs are hardly free, you need loads of items to keep your team up and running, and it costs huge amount of time. Free informs? Never seen them. Free TOTS? Only DKO which are great. SBC's are on a different volume and not a threat to EA.
Yeah I agree, however, sometimes when you clear the ball with a calm head, the ball still ends up at the opponent because the game decides it should have extra drama.
played someone with the exact same front 3 and tots azpiliqueta etc but with 3 silvers in it, just a coincidence then!
I had this problem but the camera was stuck on the player sitting on the bench camera angle. So I kept looking at the player sitting on the bench while my opponent was trying to score. I had to look at the radar and try to prevent it. I have a video of it, posted it here on reddit but no reactions lol. At work so I cant find it atm.
The most beautiful thing was all those people who were ridiculed for such a long time claiming there was something fundamentally wrong with the game got their win, and all those EA shills disappeared from the board for a while.
WL should be turned into the week league. Let everyone who qualified (qualifications are during the whole week as well) play the WL and have 7 days time to finish 40 games.
yes this is true, they also pay people to write positive reviews
What are the prizes for elite 1,2,3?
cause those are the stats they lack the most
People want swimming levels to see D.Va, Mercy, Symmetra, Widowmaker and Pharah in bikini.
Best player I got from packs was Aguero at the start of FIFA 17 lol. Got my team with a couple of TOTS players trough grinding the WL and selling those players and earning money that way.
when are the results coming?
it happens in real life too!
already stopped playing WL with all 40 matches some time ago. Will just play to get gold 3 monthly and im finished for FIFA 17.
I play ultra defensive with high pressure too :) my defenders stay far behind while my midfield runs around tackling and intercepting
Strange thing is, it never happened to me at the first half year of FIFA 17, now it does
again?
Rate mine! Curious what people think. http://imgur.com/a/lPhzG Full chem. 10 clubs, 5 nations, 3 leagues. 2 golds, 1 IF, 1 TOTY, 7 TOTS. 2 5* skills 3 4* skills
Shaw + Smalling
You must be new to the internet. Nothing shocking here. The world is filled with retards. Just report him if it bothers you, he can get banned for this.
