Tasmanian Devils go through a similar process, fighting (I think hundreds) of their siblings to attach to 8 nipples.
However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community. Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Can I upvote this some more?
I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
Guessing Socks is in the face?
Lexy's loaded, man.
Genocide mode (boot every cat as soon as it gets on a toy).
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
You can kick her off.
Are you sure he goes on a goodie that provides loaf form?
Yup
Fake.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I see what you did there.
That woman's poor vulva...
Actually if your toes are squished they're bad shoes.
Such as cutting the crust off your sandwiches.
That's why we use a harness! You still have the carry them, but a lot less thrashing.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully. I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
https://youtu.be/GKB8hXYod2w
ALL MY THIS
Aragorn broke his toe when he kicked the helmet in Twin Towers. He continued to act on it for about an hour. The cut you see in the movie is the one where he broke his toe. Viggo Mortensen is a badass. Bonus: he also broke his tooth at Helm's Deep and had them glue it back on on set so he could keep acting.
I passed by my sister's boyfriend's open door and got a glimpse of her on top of him, both naked. Her boyfriend would later abuse her, hold her against her will, brainwash her, starve her, and that sort of stuff. This was before the holding but well into the brainwash.
When I was 12 one of my friends deserted me because I wasn't popular enough (I was a weirdo). My mother called her dad about it without consulting me - really helped the bullying at school, let me tell you.&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
Actually, Ariel's Beginning was really good. It was a return to the music roots. The villain felt kinda unnecessary, though.
You don't get much more anti-Muslim than that.
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Adderall is a stimulant used to focus the minds of those with ADHD/ADD. Its street name is "speed," and in a non-ADHD person it makes them hyper-focused - almost manically - but they also become bored quickly.
Disagreeing on core values.
Knit, draw, read, clean
PREACH
Sleep sex - and it was amazing.
To this day he still thinks we're compatible.
It's called sexsomnia! I was dating a guy with it and I was half-awoken to him unconsciously fondling me. Because I was half-awake all I knew was it felt good and went along with it. Only sex I've had where I was completely in the moment and it was awesome.
Originally it was to stop masturbation (they also did it to vulvae and put acid on the clit :D), but obv that didn't work. Then it was, "I was, so he should be," and a host of excuses to make it so.
Sexual educator, can confirm.
I won't say which fruit - because a quick Google search will bring you straight to my town - but my town celebrates this NASTY fruit every year. We have a whole damn festival around it, of them pickled, fried, baked, sautéed... But most people recognize they taste like shit except for a lot of the locals.
TBH I think it started with Caitlyn's transition. Don't get me wrong, she's a horrid representation of the trans community, but the way she publicized it is what brought it to media attention, I think.
In a non-condescending way, what culture would you have "reign supreme"?
Most of our face comes from our bone structure and underlying fat, not the skin itself. This is why we can recreate faces from skulls.
Anime boobs
It's my face so if I lose my phone someone can return it to me easier. My background is my cat who is 15, senile, in kidney failure, and could drop dead at any moment.
There are heterosexual men who like butt stuff.
The prostate can be stimulated through the rectal wall and that's very arousing. The anus itself has a bunch of nerve endings. Edit: there's also fingers and plugs, not just penises. Additionally sexual orientation has to do with who you find hot, not who you have sex with. The difference is people can have sex with those they don't find hot and and people can find others hot but not have sex with them.
Vaginae are naturally closed, they only open when aroused (provided they're properly functioning). You can force something in, of course, but you can force something into a rectum as well. The first third of the vagina stays closed, and the back two thirds are loosely open. The vagina can be clenched using the pelvic floor muscles, which also can be used to stop urination mid-emission. If you were actually referring to the vulva (the outer flappy part with the two sets of lips and the clit), it naturally stays closed when the legs are together, and opens when the legs at spread (the degree varies by person). Both sets of labia can be vaguely flexed with practice, like wiggling one's ears, and the clitoral glans and shaft can be flexed just as the penis can (seeing as they're the same structure and all).
That's actually possible, particularly if the person's clitoral shaft is long.
Yes, it made me unconsciously think if I was in pain people would forgive me, so I started cutting or punishing myself in some way if I fucked up. I don't anymore but I feel the urge to.
I stabbed myself in a main vein when I was making art :D
I physically cringed.
I'm not really sure why you're trying to seduce children... :p
Google "cuckoldry".
Non-sexual boob-possessor, can confirm boobs other distract me.
I thought this was new! I've been using it on the iOS mobile app and am really loving it - I'm sure communities like /r/popping and /r/whatbugisthis will really appreciate it, since they're almost completely picture based.
Protip: close your legs before you sit down - everything SHOULD slide to the front, avoiding all of your weight.
Not praise children for their shitty art &lt;- reasons I won't be teaching children.
Honestly? Language learning apps.
Dude asked for my panties from a car. I was 14. He was fondling himself through a rag while he did this.
Slept with a sexsomniac - was great, 10/10 would do again.
Knew a prison guard who said they had break outs every week, and the only reason they got to the news is the person was out longer than the prison could pay off the media.
I have really vivid dreams, but this one from when I was 6~7 sticks with me (probably because I had it again. TL;DR: I went from 90's kid Weeaboo to moon Soldier Father to myself in 3rd person in about a minute. I was Ash Ketchum (1st person PoV), standing on this quilted expanse with Brock, Misty, and Tuxedo Mask. Tuxedo Mask said, "The shipment of Squirtles and Wartortles will be in tomorrow." "But I want to wait for them!" I protested. "Then you much chose a guardian." As Tuxedo Mask said this, the respective Pokémon floated up from the floor. Suddenly, the whole setting transforms into the moon, and a UFO flew by from my left while an astronaut walked by my right. TM announced them to be "Baby" and "Grandma" as they passed. I looked to my right to see TM standing by the engine of a bullet train, another to his right, both on regular train tracks which only go out behind them. He gestured, and I got in. As I looked around, I saw pictures of some white military dude (that I recognized to be myself) with a white boy (around 5) and a black version of Nurse Jenny. TM told me I have to shoot down his astronaut before it reaches the top. I looked out my windshield to see two astronauts scaling a waterfall of moondust and small moonrocks. Assuming my astronaut is on the right, I stay shooting at the one on the left using this thing like those water cannons at fairs. Only this one shoots laser darts like from Star Wars. I do this for about five seconds before the kid from the pictures suddenly comes in saying, "Daddy!" To which I reply, "Son!" And hug him as my wife (the black woman) comes in. Suddenly *I'm* shot and my vision tints red (like when you're about to die in a video game) as I fall backward, saying, "I'm a goner, I'm a goner." As I hit the floor the engine shoots backward on the track, and I say, "We're not going to make it, there's not enough fuel." My PoV floats through the back of the engine to see we are moving past a bright cliff face, with greenery at the top as well as another set of train tracks a train goes over. My PoV continues to go out, turning around to look at the back of the engine as my son leans out it. This reveals that we are over a large ocean, with long, wooden braces being the only thing holding the track up. Suddenly, I - my real self, not my dream self - swing out of the back door, lose my balance, and grab the kid, causing us both to start falling toward our deaths. Both times I've had this dream I wake up when this happens in a cold sweat. The shooter portion only happened the second time, but the rest was consistent. For time frame, I'm nearing 22.
For me they're physical - like a limb falling asleep, but with pressure. I can feel them coming on and try to put them off but I can't. They're promptly followed by nightmares.
It's usually I lose romantic feelings for them in a relationship - I can own up to my fuck-ups, but I hate that I can't control my affection. I know that's part of what makes it special, but still.
Yes, but the reverse is not true because racism is institutionalized. Racism is things like "Redlining," where when neighborhoods received "safety ratings," black neighborhoods automatically got lower scores. It's rich white people who are living off old money that was garnered by slaves. It's black people getting randomly stopped and frisked way more often than white.
I'm liberal, but I also can see how this is similar to aspects of the the Red Scare.
Raising your hand suddenly, palm back, fingers slightly spread and pointing a little higher than toward your face, and have an angry expression.
I believe it's all coincidence, but I've had a few premonitions. I also used to have day hallucinations (now they're only when waking or falling asleep) so I take it with a bag of salt.
Art
She was probably just cold, or some nipples never go flat (I mean, from the looks of hers....)
Or it hurt because of lack of lube.
Actually I know skinny people with a thing for it.
I WANT THE MOUSE ONE ;___;
Wat
My mother expressed a similar sentiment.
Relay race
There's also little ear scoops!
Like photoshopped or just them pleading? Could have to do with the whole "submissive Asian woman" stereotype coming in to play - you're obviously not aware of it, though.
Seconded
Having my hair played with.
Shoulda clarified the first time ;)
This *would* work if it weren't for lackies. Because the bully is getting attention from *someone* for bullying, they will keep doing. It would take many times being ignored by *everyone* for a bully to stop.
I'm always panicking when I realize I'm stuck in a FA loop, but I try to check a detail to see if I'm really awake, and if it's wrong I try to wake up again. The next time the detail is fixed, so I have to check another. Haven't had the brains to check my phone in a loop yet (again, always panicking), but when I got stuck in one while sleeping over with a friend *it actually put me in bed with my friend and made a predictable event happen*.
Can I borrow him? ;_; My brother has his dog for it.
You have hallucinations when entering or leaving sleep - hypnagogic and hypnopompic, respectively.
I HAVE THESE LOOPS ALL THE TIME AND IT'S HORRIBLE ;_____; But it's good to know I'm not the only one who does.
I used to work in the produce department and a lot of our food had nail marks in them...
Definitely.
Interesting! I'll try if I remember to. How strange - and you don't regret the tattoo?
That makes sense.
The pins&amp;needles, pressure, and ringing? I'll let you know what I find out, I'm getting a sleep study soon and going to my consult today. EDIT: The sleep specialist is pretty sure I narcolepsy, but I cannot afford the sleep study to confirm at this time.
For me it's at night, I rarely nap because I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep in the evening and have things to do.
My issues is I didn't know to only use my bed for sleep, sex, and illness recovery.
A hopeful story of girls overcoming thought lines forced on them?
My fellatio, cunnilingus, receiving-vulvar-manual and giving-penile-manual virginities: We don't talk a lot because he moved away, but we're alright. My penis-in-vagina virginity: He ended up being emotionally abusive, soooo... My giving-cunnilingus virginity: Still great friends, talk very often. My giving-anal (with a toy) virginity: Still friends but we have busy lives My giving-anal-manual virginity: Dating this love &lt;3
Ted Mosby?
Well that saves me money, thanks!
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en-us&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=559&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;amp;client=safari&amp;amp;hl=en-us&amp;amp;biw=375&amp;amp;bih=559&amp;amp;prmd=isvn&amp;amp;source=lnms&amp;amp;tbm=isch&amp;amp;sa=X&amp;amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
[Found them](https://www.google.com/search?q=toe+piercing&amp;amp;client=safari&amp;amp;hl=en-us&amp;amp;biw=375&amp;amp;bih=559&amp;amp;prmd=isvn&amp;amp;source=lnms&amp;amp;tbm=isch&amp;amp;sa=X&amp;amp;ved=0ahUKEwiq7vq-2KjRAhVK7CYKHdKIDXYQ_AUIBygB)
Ittie bittie blep committee
I've heard of people wearing their cervical ring on their wrists - I think pharmacy techs should be required to at least ask the people, "How do you take this? When do you take it? What are the side effects? Why should you stop taking it? Does it prevent STI's?"
Pills are better at contraception because all you have to do is take them at the same time every day vs using enough lube, not being too rough, taking it off immediately &amp; away from the vulva, and quality varies by brand.
I know it doesn't. I specified when the STI's are involved because that's when the only affect will be on chances of getting an STI, otherwise it's pregnancy and STI.
Pills are more effective, so what at least I'm going for them *both*. Pills were no problem with me besides a *very* minor side effect, and condoms can be a pain in the ass as well - especially if you're allergic to latex. Condoms also have a waste concern (I recognize pills are changing our water balances as well). I'd really like for them both to be available and for people to have to answer questions on the drugs (preferably *any*) before they can buy them.
Glorious.
I really suggest harnesses to all of you, even if you have to carry your cat around. They are so less stressed out when then can roam around the car.
Whoops my bad
Thanks for understanding :)
Interesting!! I have no idea now.
Our lab-mix would sit in our wiener's bed all the time.
The grass cushions are new!
Buying the food.
They left 20 minutes later.
I was afraid most wouldn't get the joke because they don't know that they call the "vagina" is actually a "vulva" (the vagina is ONLY the tunnel).
In case no one has told you yet you can get oral herpes in your genitals and genital herpes in your mouth,". The viruses are just specialized for their particular neurons and don't spread to the new areas as easily, but still can.
There was a liner under
So, you're gonna feel this wire at the back of your love canal....
Breeds have several abnormalities ;) And selective breeding can make them more predominant, which can be good or bad.
REALLY?? :DDD BECAUSE I WANT ONE BUT ETHICS
Took me a moment
Aww that's sad :(
I like to reply, "Well I didn't ask that yet, but I'm alright."
*perineum Good try, very non-sextual sounding
Good guy/gal/...gual? (Can't think of neutrals with g's!) Pokémon hunter!
They're either really nervous, seeking attention, or being passive aggressive when they "haha" all the time.
Then why do you?
*patch Should I crosspost to /r/misleadingthumbnails?
Found the Homestucker
I had to teach my dad what a vulva was :I Luckily my parents never really shamed me about my body, but they never taught me how to properly clean my vulva (pulling back the hood and etc) or told me directly that masturbation was okay (extramarital sex was not so all of my siblings and I assumed masturbation wasn't, either). I think my first sex talk was at 12? But my sister was obsessed with genitals and etc so she told me a LOT about it before then.
Not with their stomach acid
Well can't see your vagina, since it's inside, but your *vulva* looks lovely :) Exciting color change and so much to suck on. As someone with a "porn vulva," trust me, it's so much easier to be pleasured when your labia are long and suckable. And that shaft length (your clitoral glans has a shaft behind it, everyone's does) must make it so easy to suck and rub! I bet it'd feel really good for you if you or someone else stroked up and down its length, especially since all that hood would pass over your head a lot. I'm super envious!
Inorite?? It's so soft IRL
A brat??? I'd love a snake that cuddly &lt;3
Attacking the furniture I see
It's okay, most people don't, just be sure to fix it :)
That's a great idea, thanks!
R/gifsthatendtoosoon
This is actually a common misconception- there are asexual people who have sexual desires. There are also sexual people without sexual desires! Asexual people find no one hot. If you're wondering why a person would have sex with someone they don't find hot, most people who have sex with their hand don't find their hand hot. :p There are couples where are both sexual but one lacks desire and it creates issues - unless they let it be open.
It's also damaging to men who don't fit the mold! Someone asked my companion why he didn't sleep with someone when he had the chance to and he was like, "??? Because I didn't like her???"
Right? Post-menopausal people are most hormonal stable.
My companion, who is a man, is a wino :D I got him wine socks obviously intended for a woman and he loves them.
Thanks for the tips, I'll keep them in mind! :D
Hmm, I was under the impression that company claims couldn't be trusted because of the loose laws protecting workers/requiring transparency. Thanks!
Thanks for letting me know! I definitely agree that's the better solution, just didn't know it could be verified ^^
Asexual people do not find people hot. Sexual people do find people hot. It's not about wether or not they want to have sex.
Better than risking no sensitivity :D
Hey that person sounds like an automatic DD right there :D
That's so dumb - you're the perfect DD!
It's why so many doctors say to lose weight before they'll try other treatments - often the weight is the biggest contributor.
Various hormone therapies (post-menopause, kids without enough growth hormone, etc). It's important to see it this way: the problem is that the body cannot make enough of or makes too much of a certain hormone, so the solution is to give it that hormone from another source. Will the problem come back if they stop taking their medication? Probably, but that doesn't mean they should stop taking it. It is a dependence, but it's not like drug dependence because they were like this before the drug.
Thin people being ignored by doctors is bad, too? My brother wasn't diagnosed with hyperthyroidism until he was 19 when he's been skin and bones all his life.
There are certainly cases like yours, but even for you weight made it worse.
There are plenty of cultures that favor heavier people - it can be seen as a sign of wealth or fertility.
We pay extra to get stuff hemmed :D
5'1" 110 lb but I'm a 0 in the waist and a 6 above and below (30G).
Docs should always get really nitty gritty in to how fast and what methods a person is using to lose weight to make sure
Haha 5'1"!
As someone with a nut allergy that's super scary :D
Joke's on them EVERYTHING IS CHEMICALS
I'm sorry, that wasn't sarcastic - I'm 5'1" 110 lb and have them, too.
Haha sorry about that! Thanks for fixing it :) Right?? Ugh I've never been overweight my whole life but my breasts have stretch marks because I grew one cup size a year!!
Thanks for the tips!
Saaaaaame
My friend has PCOS and is actively losing weight, fuck these people.
True story, when I was a kid I would eat butter on its own.
Also "fat dog is a happy dog"
No, we liked the symbolism of the canopy being the creation of a new home. But if this isn't appropriate we won't do it.
I try not to use "sexual attraction" because so many people think sexual attraction = want to have sex with.
Maybe, as someone who's only ever found 7 people hot in my life I'd only ever used hot for those 7 people.
I'M SO GLAD THAT ENDED BETTER, I've had a predator try to pick me up out of their car when I was 12.
Are you referring to Australian Aboriginals or Native Americans?
My friend is Eastern Cherokee and a lot of her tribe prefers Indian. In her estimation it's a mix of "That's what my parents/grandparents/etc used" and a lack of education.
I think there's unknown lines between race, ethnicity, and culture. Race is biological, like dogs vs wolves, and humans don't qualify (we like mixing our genes too much, giggity). Ethnicity is both what someone identifies as based on their heritage and what others perceive them as. My White-Eastern Cherokee friend identifies as such, but sometimes she loathes her Native heritage because she feels like that's all people see in her. She also gets misraced a lot as Hispanic and Arabic (to the point that she's been called sand-n and Hispanic people she didn't know have spoken to her in Spanish). I personally know others perceive me as White, and that I experience White privilege. However, I have no sense of "ethnic pride" or culture, because my family history was lost somewhere between the booze and poverty. If a form says, "Ethnicity?" I put White but if I'm asked what my ethnic "identity" is I don't really know what to respond with.
RIGHT??????? Especially with all the antivaxxors around these days....
Hmm that's a good idea. The only justification I see for it is to make sure there's no racism going on.
Geez I'm so sorry, that's horrible :( Haha I'm glad it empowered you!
Locally, mostly informally in conversation. I find it's more effective than a class people come to, voluntarily or otherwise, because they're too embarrassed (Bible Belt).
His tail feathers feel too short for his wings
Joke's on them, they're not wolves!
Spanking - I learned that if I was in pain I would get forgiven. Led to self-harm and a fight-or-flight response to any fear of upsetting authority. Fun stuff! Also teaches your kid that those in authority are allowed to use violence.
I think you'll appreciate a rule that developed in my companion (H)'s home. H was sitting against the wall as punishment for something, and his dad asked if H was a rocket scientist. His dad always then asked if H was a nuclear physicist, or the head of cardiology. So H said, "No, I am not a rocket scientist, but I am a nuclear physicist and the head of cardiology." Then both parents had to go into the kitchen and started laughing. From then on out if he could smartass enough to make his parents laugh he wouldn't get punished.
That's like menstruation level, damn.
So what about XY people born with a vulva? It's called androgen insensitivity. Have you had your chromosomes tested? People assume someone's chromosomes based off their genitals, breasts, voice, clothes, etc all the time, and to act as if they don't is ignoring the world we live in. Get consumed in chromosomes all you like, the fact is that most people don't know theirs and never will.
This woman comes in to the vet with a POTATO of a chihuahua. Fat animals INFURIATE me because most animals can't control their weight. But when the vet comes out to talk to her she says he suddenly gained weight and I feel bad. Then she tells her friend he's "big boned" and I'm furious again. IS YOUR DOG FAT AND WILL YOU TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT?
*an active elf Hobbits need 4.
I've had a person make a meat sandwich and not change their gloves when they went to make my vegetarian sandwich so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ people don't think of cross-contamination a lot, just of each order on its own.
Haha I can't see it on mine, either. "I find her most attractive when she is pregnant." Reason someone gave for preferring their wife morbidly obese.
Aww that sucks :( If you can afford a toaster oven those work as well!
Well retard has been used as a way to insult people who were not mentally/intellectually disabled, to say that person is acting like they are, which is bad for whatever reason. I've never heard "morbidly obese" used as an insult against someone who wasn't actually that.
Thank you, that's exactly why I've been trying to steer clear of them!
No, *Mongolians* were an ancient nomadic society that had lots of babies with lots of (conquered) groups. Back when we thought humans had races (we don't, we have culturally defined *ethnicities* which have no basis in science and whose definitions change from person to person - for example, Hispanic people had fluctuated between being legally classified as "White" and as "Hispanic" depending on if the US wanted more Latinx people immigrating in) it was used to describe people from Eastern and Central Asia (who are now people from China, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, and the Vietnams, to name a new countries - not people from Iraq, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan, comparatively). What everyone is saying about using it to describe people with Down's is correct. Edit: I don't mean Mongolian *should* be used to describe people with Down's, just that it has been. People with Down's should be called just that- people with Down's.
Unless they're drug induced you probably want to get checked out, could be a tumor or something else "fun" making a home in your noggin.
Thanks for apologizing, and I'm sorry if I did come off as patronizing :) I don't know where you're coming from, so as a career teacher I just try to be thorough. That's the conclusion I came to as well. I feel you on the being assumed bit, people have asked me if I'm an aspie/tried to argue I am before (it's highly unlikely that I am, my dad isn't and all evidence suggests I'm at least XX - I've never been tested - so I'd have to mutate the gene myself).
I saw a vulture pounce on and kill a squirrel. ??? Thought they were scavengers??
Well thanks for owning up to that :) I FEEL YOU WITH NOT BEING TYPED, I developed a different way to read so that I'm a rare type of dyslexic, but I wasn't diagnosed until college. All those AP classes I could have taken and saved college money on.... Exactly! All of these things equated with intellectual/mental (I include mental because I know a lot of intelligent people with autism that are called stupid because of their social issues) are reprehensible and should be called out. However, actual disability usually isn't the fault of the person (and usually can't be fixed even if it was), so they shouldn't be belittled for it.
This is my dogs when my cat is around
Haha thanks! I swear I do better work as well. Edit: :OOO Thanks for taking my gold cherry!!!
Thanks for letting me know I'm not the only one with anthropological knowledge! I think it may be that I came off as being a show-off, but I'm honestly just trying to spread knowledge.
Except when nearly everyone says race, they are in fact seeing it is as a subspecies. It doesn't exist because humans just plain like having sex too much. If we were to breed more locally only, we would have races, but we don't. But we don't know what it is that connects sickle cell to Black people, because [it's not only Black people that get it](http://www.hematology.org/Patients/Anemia/Sickle-Cell-Trait.aspx). People with non-tight curly hair get it, people with lighter skin get it, people with not-brown eyes get it. I know small DNA differences have huge effects, that wasn't my defense at all. I did google it when I bought it to it. However, the idea of 3-4 races is no longer accepted because there are no hard ties that people identify as race. For example, we currently know of [16 genes that can possibly affect eye color](http://www.nature.com/jhg/journal/v56/n1/full/jhg2010126a.html), and so far [378 are believed to affect skin color](http://www.gbhealthwatch.com/Trait-Skin-Color.php), and these are not all on the same chromosomes. This doesn't even account for cross-over. So we can't link skin and eye color as racial indicators, and [even bone structure, so often used in *Bones* to "determine race" is not hard-and-fast because structure is only a guess, not definite, which it would be if we had races](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/1738862/). If you're saying we have regional diversity, you are correct, but the signs of this can be lost in 3 generations - not the strong link people tot about race. [Scientific American](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/race-is-a-social-construct-scientists-argue/) [Anthropology.net](https://www.google.com/amp/s/anthropology.net/2008/10/01/race-as-a-social-construct/amp/) Mongoloid is definitely a slur against people with Down's, yes.
Also lots of side effects from it because our organs are balanced by internal pressure, which hysterectomies throw off.
Eh their noses are just a bit different, they probably forgot
Mr. Frowny?
They've been called he tho xD
Okay xD
Enby here, feel your pain. My FMiL is very liberal and great for the most part, but is "too old to change [her] language." Woman, you refer to people you don't yet know the gender of as "they," is it really that hard, and to call me "spouse of son" or just bloody avoid pronouns all together? I hope her ignorance doesn't affect your kiddo too much. :(
It's so weird to me to have to get T off the black market - one can take it from a shelf to a register in the US.
Honestly try to get an idea of what your SO would be interested in, get a friend to take them out and look at jewelry (if they're masculine it may be easier to get a feminine friend or family member to take them so it's less suspicious). My mother got my companion to discuss the topic and I found out he wanted a wood one because he will be working with electrical parts, so it's less conductive. Some people don't mind cubic zirconia, which are nearly man-made diamonds (diamonds are pressurized carbon, CZ is another molecule). They are mainly different in that they can refract many colors including white. Your SO may not want any sort of diamond, or may want a silicone ring. You can even get a simple place-holder ring so you can browse together. Hope that helps!
Didn't! Rosewood, hackberry, and lapis lazuli. He works with electrical equipment, and we're both too rational to pay $1000's for pressurized carbon (what a diamond is) or a soft metal. Don't get me wrong, the wood can be damaged, which is why I'll also be giving him a necklace to put it on when he needs to wash his hands and etc. In the end it's about what you and your SO want. If you both feel a certain material has a certain value, then get it. But if you don't, then why bother? Some people go with silicone! All about you two :)
I feel like white gold is so similar in appearance to silver that it doesn't warrant the huge price jump. Offer both and return the other, if you can? See if the shop/etc will work with you on it. I'm sure your SO will appreciate your desire to incorporate them in your decision. You could also have a friend take them out and ask what they think of a different rose vs white gold item.
Love the twist appearance! Is it durable?
WELP sounds like she gotta wait. Either that or you find a payment option....
That's adorable!
Haha then she'll appreciate your thought!
If your ring's material can stand up to it, consider getting a clip on a necklace, bracelet, for your purse, etc, that you can easily slip the ring(s) on to for when you don't have pockets and don't feel like stuffing them in your bra (if applicable). I particularly think of the carabiner clips that one merely pushes against to open. Def doing this for my companion and I, we're going with wood :)
Late to the party, but we're looking for inspiration from around the world and are heavily focusing on the meanings behind traditions, particularly because I'm nonbinary. I fully recognize that people do most things out of tradition these days, not necessarily because they believe in the reason(s) the traditions were started. So far: - E-invites and programs (unless physical ones are requested beforehand) to save money and waste - Having "no discussion" topics (if we're having babies, which is really "when will you start having unprotected sex", etc) - No bride and groom sides - We're wearing each other's favorite colors, but our people of honor (which will be a mix of genders) will wear the favorite color of the person they are there for - No veil because our sexual activity is no one's business - No dress code (people are welcome to wear white) - Nonreligious - FH and I will enter from the left and right, alone, and meet in the middle to symbolize equality and that we are not currency - We will raise a chappah-inspired canopy over us to symbolize the home we are making together - My dad is officiating is because he's a pastor, but he's promised to keep it secular. Imma have to comb through it for "she"s and "daughter"s tho - Wooden rings (he works with electric stuff) - I'm writing my vows, not sure if he is because he's not a great writer - No flower children or ring bearer (Dad will have the rings) - A combination of handfasting (Celtic) and the destiny knot (Japanese) - Croquembouche instead of a cake because my brother is celiac and gluten-free cake is gross Introductions of family members - No toasts (yay for relatives likely to make a scene!) Edit: just read about [magic pink water](http://offbeatbride.com/unity-ceremony-options/#.UwpGIM0XtZq) and now I wanna do it
Possibly stealin that quote tho
I feel you on it being only the bride's day! We're meeting in the middle from the left and right for that reason.
I like how the insides almost distract from the outsides, ha!
Assert thine ovaries! It's your (you and FH's) day and no one else's. I feel you on inviting people out of courtesy, I'm really hoping my racist, loud uncle doesn't show....
Hahahaha that's hilarious! I mildly did it to hide how there was some emptiness in the picture (6-negative Porto-photoshop exposure), but also to show the uncertainty of the subjects.
Thanks for the tips!
Luckily my companion is totally in to the music, but this exchange might be worth not x'D
Hahahahaha that's great
So glad for you! We did that for my prom dress, they're always nice and cheap.
Not in the conventional way, in the "I am also hungry and need to survive" way.
It's funny that the aggressive one also can't get the head right - don't be hasty!
Any tips on non-meat non-egg healthy breakfast? I'm a vegetarian for ethical reasons (if it lives a happy life and is killed quickly I don't have issues with it, but now meat looks more like roadkill to me) and I HATE the taste of eggs, so I usually eat cereal (in soy milk, lactose intolerant) for breakfast. But I'm sure we all know that cereal is very sugary. Anyone have any non-sugary breakfast foods that are also non-meaty and non-eggy?
People with IIH or just people in general? I'd guess a shunt and healthy weight would be better than a shunt and overweight? Because literally less weighing on you?
Someone's from the south ;) How is this not carby? D:
Wait you can eat it just like that? Thought it had to be mixed with veggies/fruit and etc?
Luckily whey does not contain lactose :D Hmm I'll have to give those a look, thanks!
I think my companion is hot and he's 50 lb overweight. I'll also think he's hot once he loses it. My concern is that his fucking organs aren't crying out in pain from the pressure.
Whaaaaat they must have updated it since I last looked, thanks!
Another to sub to....
Unfortunately PT is notorious as a bad source :(
It had no system of peer review and people can just post what they want. It also has a tendency to follow fads instead of just keeping to the science. Basically, always check the author and sources of the articles you read on there.
Yeah, it is a shame.
&gt;C: Would you make change for this $20? &gt;Me: I'm sorry you have to buy something first." &gt;C: No you don't, I've come here every Saturday for change at customer service. &gt;Me: I'm sorry, as far as I know that's always been policy. &gt;C: I'm going to customer service, there's no need to be rude. &gt;Me:??? I'm sorry, I've just always known that to be policy. &gt;C: No need to roll your eyes." &gt;Me:I'm sorry I didn't?? &gt;C: Do I need to buy something to speak to customer service?" &gt;Me: No, but she'll be out in a moment, she's outside &gt;C: [something about rude] As they're leaving &gt;C: [they] need customer service training. Yes, customer service did make change for them.
Great job!! People are commenting about your looks, but I'm going to comments on your *health*. Assuming you lost this safely and plan to keep it off, I'm sure you're feeling a lot better and that your docs are relieved :D Have you noticed a difference in how people are treating you?
Reasons my companion never trusts a fart.
I saw my cat come out of it (shadowed for the surgery). Her tongue was out because she was intubated and I was petting her nose. She started purring and essentially raspberried because she couldn't pull her tongue inside her mouth. **Sad feels from here on out:** brb gonna go cry now because I recently literally watched her die of cancer because they couldn't find my paperwork and wouldn't give her the damn shot
Thank you. Don't ever just let your pet die, it's likely to be painful to them (dying gasp is not an exaggeration).
Glad to free you both of the experience. Awwww those are the best, my cat carried on conversations with me &lt;3
trnt^&gt;thn_xp3ctd
trnt\^&gt;xp3ctd
My companion would say, "What do you call those big dishes on the sides of houses that provide television?" He's a satellite communications tech. Edit: apparently he'd actually ask you what a TWAT was, and he'd judge if he liked you based on if you corrected him to be TWTA.
You shouldn't use your name in vain at yourself.
Thank you
Thanks for the suggestions!
Glad to help! For myself? Probably a heart. My companion my be in to that, too, he's a sap x'D You gonna go with that or a clasp or what?
Oh definitely, even just for if he needs to wash his hands.
There's also leather made from mushrooms if animal leather isn't for you.
Does sterling require polishing as well?
That's fascinating, thanks for the info!
Damnit now I have to change my underwear...
Was that dog fucking *herding deer*?
Thank you
*hook and loop (The military doesn't use brands to refer to its supplies, such as Kleenex or Velcro, but I'm mostly just messing with you :p)
Is that a sub for puppets that *aren't* creepy AF?
Username checks out?
Thanks for ruinin that for me, person.
r/unintentionalfrench
What happened to [SO at the time]?
r/wholesomememes
O thanks, hadn't met my incest quota for the day.
Definitely agree with you, there's no profit in cure (not to say docs are hiding the Cure to Cancer™)
It's for the overweight+ people who cover their stomachs instead of letting it sag over their jeans.
Lovely
Maybe YOUR hand....
Isn't there some evidence that eating 8 or so healthy snacks (see a single celery stalk, small salad, not a whopper jr) a day, not large meals, works? It's also under the idea that you eat less total, but just spread it out more as opposed to 1/3 at once.
R/bigboobproblems
Ever occur to you I might be intersex?
Near, I range 105-110
Thanks for the catch!!
They all knew it wasn't the real you ;)
r/kneadycats
Double yawn!
Dog has some Disney/Anime eyes goin on
My companion and I are aiming to make what we wear appeal to one another because we're the ones who will be looking at it. However, we don't want each other uncomfortable.
Frankenstein was the doctor, Frankenstein's monster was the creation. Unless you're following the literary irony that Frankenstein was the true monster, then good on you.
Sounds like [Kapo](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kapo_(mythology/)), Hawaiian Goddess with a detachable, remotely-controlled vulva. credit u/sfurbo for hyperlink fix!
Due to the “liter” bit I’m inclined to believe it’s satire/a troll.
Withdrawal is actually 95% effective if done properly, turns out. 80% if not. Best withdrawal + another method.
TIL!
My friend, who is White-Eastern Cherokee, has met Natives who prefer Indian because that’s what their parents used, and their parents’ parents, etc. Where have you heard Black is offensive? I’ve only ever met two people who preferred “African American,” and one of them was because he was actually from Kenya and had immigrated to America. What *is* offensive is “the Blacks,” or “All Black people ___,” because not all Black people are the same, just as all White people are not the same.
Hey I know she’s you’re wife, but can I marry her, too? XD Edit: forgot an o
As someone who is 5’1” on a good day, my jaw dropped - congrats on mastering your urges!!
I don’t agree with no sugar ever because let’s be honest, it does taste great, and like you said, it’s fine in moderation. Moderation is certainly the goal, and I personally wouldn’t restrict my (unlikely to ever happen) kid’s food once they understood where it comes from and etc.
Why moderate when you can be *wildy sick*?
My fiancée makes this joke all the time so I’m a bit biased toward it
Why would you even *publicly ask that* though
D: That suck person I’m sorry
TIL
I mean whatever he’s suckin on has a lot more thickness than I’ve known any vulva to have without the help of pumps or hormones
I mean, I have
You forgot that Chads also make their labia minors longer, because that’s their vagina falling out beyond the vulva or something
Congrats!
Definitely understand that, I think you’ll at least be less wary of it once you’re corrected. Good luck to you!
Really helpful for when you have sleepwalking stints, though (why my house has them).
Sounds like the original owner didn’t want people getting in that bedroom ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ETA: suggesting kinky shit for the day (Oral? Like animals?? SODOMY???) as opposed to murder and stuff, to clarify. (Also know there’s always been kinky people... there’s just more kinky people now due to exposure)
&gt;All they’re doing is removing his foreskin not taking off his penis Except for when they do :(
And possibly had lips to cover their teeth - alligators and etc don’t have lips because they’re underwater a lot, which hydrates their teeth. [Sauce](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/science/2016/may/21/tyrannosaurus-rex-lips-fierce-teeth)
Some of those were really impressive
I went to a party and I was one of 4 out of maybe 16 people who were not overweight+, though I give one a slight pass because she had one leg and that was it (CICO still applies but yeah). The hosts were overweight and so were their cats :(
Also pistachios, almonds, *and* cashews? Quick road to going over your calories!!
I don’t do it with anything permanent. I do it to fight the idea of what a penis looks like - magically no foreskin with no scar, always erect, one hear shape, super long, and straight. Penis’d people are sensitive about their genitals, too! I draw all the things, including porn (except child because I want to be a teacher)!
My clients tend to be furries, just because that’s my pool, but I’ll do whatever
No penis’d people have paid me yet, so I’ve only done a dickclit for myself.
Shoot, I forgot you have to have an account to view it, do you have a tumblr?
Haha if it’s not what you’re into it’s not what you’re into. That’s my reaction to scat and watersport (I dread the day someone asks for that).
Nah, I don’t like to discriminate just because I’m not in to it. I wouldn’t want an artist to do that to me (though I wouldn’t get angry at them if they refused).
I’m sorry :( There weren’t any typical dicks in it, though, only a dickclit.
I’m sorry :( I hope you can get treatment, so that you don’t have to feed it anymore.
Then I’d be drawing nothing almost x’D I’m very vanilla.
That’s super impressive tbh
Can we just make this a mutual thing and no one is expected to do this when the other isn’t, and everyone just spontaneously shows love to each other if everyone’s down with it?
I get where you’re going, but I don’t think I’ve ever been in a class of 50/50 boys and girls/men and women before.
Unfortunately it doesn’t work as currency :(
Had that with someone else, too, still pretty good. Maybe I’m just not picky?... nah I can think of some shit partners.
I took 7 years - like I said, we know that’s how it normally is, we have reasons for ignoring the rule (but I don’t mention them because people don’t care, they just want to correct you, even if benevolently)
Sorta! I’m non-binary and he also dreamed of getting proposed to and wants to show it off via using the extra e
I want to hug you so bad, I almost shed a few tears at work :( I’m so sorry stress has driven you to this point, and I really hope you can get better. I’m sure a nutritionist and possibly physical therapist would be great resources. Much luck and hope to you. I know this won’t be easy, but it will be better than the state you’re in. If I may, a great way to curb the munchies (especially such ravenous ones) is raw veggie munchies. They are low-carb and fill you well (not to mention make pooping easier!). Try to keep junk foods out of your house, period, so you aren’t tempted.
I’ll try to keep that in mind, thanks!
Pics?
Those seem just as nasty as tampons to me. [I meant tampons intended to be washed and reused](https://clothpads.wordpress.com/reusable-tampons/)
Billiards, too.
(I may have gone 24 hours with mine but that’s not recommended)
I’m excited for the day, but will stick with continuous pills once my love gets his tubes snipped.
What phrase would you like which means “everyone who isn’t a man” and includes nonbinary people? Not being antagonistic, genuinely asking.
There are people who don’t like being included in non-binary or women ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
What phrase would you like which means “everyone who isn’t a man” and includes nonbinary people? Not being antagonistic, genuinely asking.
What phrase would you like which means “everyone who isn’t a man” and includes nonbinary people? Not being antagonistic, genuinely asking.
What about people who don’t feel like they’re in nonbinary or women, such as Two-Spirit? “Women, nonbinary, and other genders”? Just kinda a mouthful is all, but so is “the x people” over “the x’s”, so I get that. I think because it’s usually discussed in power dynamics, and there’s almost no situations were women have power over men. Also if it’s something like how women and femmes are more often overtly sexually harassed than men and masculine people, then we have “women and femmes,” etc.
Haha I meant “you” in a general sense - mostly to those who are somehow grossed out by cups but not pads, when pads can definitely have liquid blood/clots on them.
Yeah :( Unless your doc tells you otherwise, Your vulva and vagina know what they’re doing! Just rinse yer vulva with *only* water once every other day at least, and get in all the folds/under your foreskin!
Oh they’re definitely gross and undesirable, but pads feel like diapers and tampons personally feel scratchy
Are you talking about the IUD? I’ve heard you can use them both without an issue, and when I had an IUD I didn’t have an issue.
Representation is important for minorities, though. Just some thing as simple as a cooking video with a Black person’s hands being shown as the cook has excited a lot of my Black friends, because that’s how little they see of people like themselves out there.
Oh yeah, no, that’s a bad idea. But I’m glad the ring works for you! I’d be too afraid of it being dislodged.
I’d hope it doesn’t go around the vagina, that would require surgery! ;) But yeah, I figured it stayed put pretty well, that doesn’t stop my worry xD
... I just pictured an impossibly obese person as an island, just floating in the sea... oh look some trees took root....
... I’m pretty sure not all thin people are without breasts, considering I’m 5’1”, 110 lb, and have 30G/H’s.
But what if it’s real *eyebrow waggle*
What is a beard but a chinstache?
Moderation!
Yeah my brother was eating rice and potatoes all day (as well as a few shitty glutenous items) and he’s a rail. Low and behold he’s both celiac AND Hishimoto’s, resulting in him taking in like 1/3 of the calories he eats.
I mean, herpes are basically unpopable zits you can give to others, they don’t fuck you up like syphilis. 1/5 people has them on either their lips or nether regions (all bottom holes included), so....
My dentist talked about, “A master key opens all locks, but a [low quality] lock opens to all keys.” I replied, “Or we’re all consenting adults who can have sex with whomever we like.” “I mean, that’s one way to look at it.”
Not mine, I said, “What’s wrong with a woman who has sex with a lot of men?”
Herpes is extremely common and not that bad.
Yeah it doesn’t just give you horrible stomach pain, it *literally kills your intestines*.
That’s the *mons pubis,* and everyone has one! They’re very sensitive areas for sexy fun time (pressure, rubbing, playing with pubic hair, etc). However, they don’t hang over one’s genitals when they’re a healthy weight :(
A bulge pic for sure
I was admitted into a psych department for something similar. This is the first step in a long journey, but be there to support your daughter through all of it. It will have its ups and downs, and she may never fully recover, but the goal is to get to the best living you can. Make sure to remove any sex=value messages from her life, even if you believe virginity is important. I’m not saying she’s no longer a virgin (only she can determine that), but I’m saying messages that encourage virginity/abstinence will be *detrimental* to her. They often say a non-virgin - especially women - had letter value, morals, etc, and compare them to chewed up gum or used clothing. She *needs* to know her value is not linked to her vulva, vagina, corona, anus, mouth, any of that - she has value *as a human being* and her sex life has *no* affect on that. She can be and is worthy of being desired *no matter how many people she has sex with how many times*. She is also worthy of life no matter this. And, of course, *it’s not her fault and she did nothing to incite the violence against her*. The relative is a horrible person and completely at fault, but if she is not up to going through the legal process to bring them in (which can be filled with reciting the experience, slut-shaming, and so many horrible things), that’s alright, too. Her responsibility is to *get better* at her own pace.
But hey, cheap drunk!
Right? :(
Especially since it was completely normal for brothers and sisters to marry because their head god and goddess did. They usually didn’t have babies together (marriage was ceremonial), but sometimes....
One time my fiancée and I bought just condoms and were told to “have a good night” with a very”YOU NEED JESUS” vibe. We had a good laugh.
I did it to make small talk - in my local culture, it’s somewhat rude to not if you’re interacting for a minute+ :(
I’m thinking of the ones with small carts on them, and the two teens pushed the carts.
I’m imagining a (healthily) chubby toddler doing these and while I don’t really care for kids it made me aw
My issue is when she said she didn’t want to and he resumed again. If someone says no, don’t ask again, wait for them to start and confirm. It’s murky and gray but I don’t fuck with no, even just with tickling. ETA: Here’s the part, for those who missed it/etc “After he bent me over is when I stood up and said no, I don’t think I’m ready to do this, I really don’t think I’m going to do this. And he said, ‘How about we just chill, but this time with our clothes on?’” They got dressed, sat side by side on the couch they’d already “chilled” on, and he turned on an episode of Seinfeld. ... While the TV played in the background, he kissed her again, stuck his fingers down her throat again, and moved to undo her pants.”
Found the furries/otherkin
r/outside r/tierzoo
They do! Otherwise their normal game gets *really* buggy. They often just don’t remember the scenes.
There are loading scenes with minigames ;p
Heck of a winker, there!
It doesn’t always present the same way for everyone! My brother also has Hishimoto’s, which usually makes you obese, but made him underweight because of it presenting weird. My narcolepsy presents with some fatigue, but mostly with HORRIFYING parasomnia.
That’s sad :(
Disney princess have a *huge* issue with having almost the exact same faces, while man Disney characters have plenty of variety. Disney ain’t about to promote obesity, tho.
That’s a great idea, thank you so much!
Eh my friend calls her vulva roast beef/beef curtains because that’s how she feels it looks. I have a friend with 8cm minora and she makes a lot of jokes about her “meat”.
Not a man, but definitely a carpet muncher, and I prefer the right because it’s easier to suck on/lick.
It’s what I look like (not a woman but have the vulva I was born with). Got a lot more hair, tho.
Wow people missin this sarcasm
...? That disease contributes to weight gain (max 20 lb but that makes it harder to move around and etc)?
Uterus absorbin that shit like *slorp*
Saaaaame - I have, 1mm and 3mm at their longest points :/ One of mine doesn’t even go all the way down, I often wonder if the docs got knife-happy on me as a newborn.
I mean I can do that with my boobs. I don’t usually, or flirtingly, but I can.
I mean judging by the Great Fairies....
Precisely
Sorry, it’s inverted!
Yeah, it’s just how it was in the book :( Right?? Like they always lean forward a little, but that’s a LOT
Had the same thought but I wouldn’t be partaking so....
I know, that’s why I was confused on how he could get them mixed up xD Like no skinny skinny people have it, too.
My fiancée knew, dunno where he learned it but we’re both random fact kind of people.
Haha thanks! That and to stimulate the ovaries to release an egg - otherwise, no egg!
Look u/wootwootyinthebooty, a fellow army Sierra!
Oh sweetie, **how about you stop being such an ass**?
Definitely, I only knew because you mentioned SatCom xD
Even White people can have a darker vulva and/or asshole. I’m about as white as one gets but my sinkeye is probably the darkest place on me.
Yeah I had forgotten the original context I was replying to xD Whaaaat that’s so dope!
Honestly doubt they have the mental capacity for dreams.
More accurately, *reward* when they do what you want. Otherwise they only know what *not* to do, or rather, *what not to get caught doing*.
You’re a zombie
I’m a sex ed teacher, so I’m familiar with AIS, but thank you for telling me anyways! It’s also important to note that, because someone with AIS is intersex, undescended testes/mixed gonads don’t necessarily pose the cancer threat that they do in unaltered males.
And headshots
Found Dany
They’re smaller than most people think, because most people only see them at a month+ because that’s when the family starts showing them off/allowing them into movies (age laws vary by state, if at all). That being said, as someone who likes their organs right where they are, they’re still rather big.
I think fetuses are a bit bigger than a lentil, but embryos can be lentil-sized :)
Pics? ETA: not sure why I was downvoted, the condition sounded medically interesting.
Hopefully that will pass, morning sickness is usually only for the first trimester :)
It’s a common misconception that cis men *only* have testosterone/other androgens and that cis women *only* have estrogens - in reality, everyone has both, just more of one or the other (sometimes very close levels, which can cause issues such as PCOS). Some people with AIS are completely insensitive, and thus are *effectively* pure estrogen (there is testosterone in them, just not doing anything). Breast development varies a lot between AIS cases. Also, people who are XY and have descended testes, a penis, prostate, and all that jazz, can also still develop breasts without external hormones - it’s called gynecomastia, and happens for a variety of reasons (however, these people are often actually a form of intersex, such as having XXY chromosomes). Pidgeon is a great YouTuber with partially insensitive AIS who talks about the violence that was done to them as a child, and how they were treated like a specimen instead of a person because of their AIS. Their girlfriend also has AIS (gender is woman, though) with complete insensitivity, and even just having the two of them helps one see the differences between she and Pidgeon’s experiences with their sexes.
NP, I’m always open to questions :)
I find it funny that the vulva’d version of this usually has no head.
Ugh this. Had multiple “ESA” dogs that would put their paws on the counter, sniff passerbys, and get distracted. Obviously NOT actual ESA’s but we’re not allowed to insist on paperwork :/
I get you, my brother has celiac and with the recent GF trendiness we always make sure to specify it’s *CELIAC*, not a preference.
Oh yes, or the ones that buy because “They’re so cute!” And don’t research to find out it’s a barky breed, or train the dog, so they return/abandon/put them in a shelter because, “They’re just too much/they bark too much/they bite/they jump.”
My nut allergy is an annoyance, but I still have issues breathing with it, so I hate when my coworkers will act like not asking about nut allergies before they use a nut knife on a non-nut item is no big deal.
But they’re treated the same, and should thus be held to the same standards.
You say? (End of Ze World reference)
Yeah ya gotta log those suckers, when they say meal replacement they mean it....
For my dad it’s all the beer - he and my neighbor sit out on the porch and don’t keep track of how many they go through :I
Because people don’t care why you do, they just want to correct you.
Until your body aches for no reason
I mean I’m barely. XD
~~Keep your Wii and get a Switch to avoid redundancy :) (so, one system for GC and Wii, one for WiiU and Switch)~~ I was misinformed, the Switch does not play WiiU games :(
I was misinformed, Switch doesn’t play WiiU :( So a GC, a Wii U, and a Switch I guess!
It’s obvious this person *has* been picking at it, it’s very scarred over.
Right? Absolutely sexist and disgusting. Spouses do not exist solely for the pleasure of their partners!
Wow I’m okay with the emojis, but a thong?
I think he meant width-wise, so she’d turn on her side. Don’t get me wrong, that feels great, but again, vaginas can stretch for babies...
Returning it to the ones who gave it to you.... Gender Affirmation Surgery - lately it seems a lot of people don’t want to refer to it as relating to sex.
But it is if you return it to each of them.
Hahahahaha it’s okay, it’s a good thing your brain doesn’t think about incest! Yeah I guess that’s why everyone just spells it out. XD
So typically, penises are more ovular when viewed head-on (heheh), with the left-to-right length being bigger than the top-to-bottom. So if that’s what he was referring to when he meant big (which I inferred from needing to go in sideways), the vulva-owner would be on their side while he put his dick in them, so his left-to-right would align with their clit-to-taint length, or if in the ass taint-to-tailbone.
We all stumble :)
I’ve been ~110lb for years and found out the ideal weight for 5’1” is 105, which I’m not even always measured to. So I dropped sugary foods from my diet 2 weeks ago until I drop. Unrelatedly I started doing cardio a month ago for my Reynold’s Syndrome. I’ve managed to gain 4lb in two weeks and I’m over here like, “There’s no such thing as starvation mode, there’s no such thing as starvation mode, ***there’s no such thing as starvation mode.***” Back to calorie counting it is....
These are great, a lot of blind people feel disempowered because media tells them they can’t do anything.
I think that’s probably a similar journey to many blind people’s.
Same [But modern science saves us!](https://www.amazon.com/PDX-Pet-Design-Licki-Brush/dp/B01M0UXYHE)
There’s more authorities out there than WHO and more sources than textbooks. *Bill Nye Saves the World*, Season 1, Episode 9, “The Sexual Spectrum”, featuring Katrina Karkazis, medical anthropologist and bioethicist. *Sex/Gender: Biology in a Social World* by A. Fausto-Sterling *Hermaphrodites and the Medical Invention of Sex* by Alice Dreger [Emilord](https://m.youtube.com/channel/UC4BoG-tk8pSitMQvWH2iJYw) is an intersex woman who vlogs about her experience with being pushed toward unnecessary procedures to make her fit more into her doctors’ definition of “female” and to be more appealing to hetero cis men. [Pidgeon](https://m.youtube.com/user/pidgejen#menu)’s experience has been much more violent, with doctors misleading them their parents into unnecessary surgeries, again, to make their body more like the doctors’ definition of “female” and more appealing to hetero cis men, as young as 6 months. And, last but not least, [WHO on the genetic components of sex and gender](http://www.who.int/genomics/gender/en/index1.html), &gt; Gender, typically described in terms of masculinity and femininity, is a social construction that varies across different cultures and over time. (6) There are a number of cultures, for example, in which greater gender diversity exists and sex and gender are not always neatly divided along binary lines such as male and female or homosexual and heterosexual.
Yeah, now that I can’t find the source I’m going to wait until I go back to 110 and then welcome back my sweet, sweet sugar.
Aaaaand my search for this subject didn’t bring up the article on the front page, wow. Sorry for the extra post, let me get rid of it.
It’s two swigglies (top left of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard, also has ‘ on it) at the beginning and end of what you want stricken.
They’re as common as redheads, which is a gene abnormality. No no one’s claiming we need to fix redheads. Also transphobia is against BWA’s rules.
So are blue eyes, so was being male many species ago. Abnormal isn’t bad, just uncommon. [I guess this is my ass, then](https://www.intersexequality.com/how-common-is-intersex-in-humans/). It’s not ad hominem because I wasn’t saying it devalued your argument, I was saying it’s against subreddit rules, which means your prejudice is not tolerated here.
NP
That’s what I’d err toward but if a few died on me I’d give a smaller one a try.
I can’t remember where I got it from ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ seems it was inaccurate, anyways.
Also *lower on the head*, that’s one of the main appeals. The gene is also, unfortunately, often due to excessive inbreeding. They can be bred without inbreeding, but it takes many more generations so breeders often do not :(
Always want to give reputable breeders business!
Aww, a shame indeed :(
My fiancée and I were listening to his coworker’s story of how a woman offered $10,000 to have sex with him, and we were like, &gt;You said yes, right? &gt;Coworker (CW): I mean, I’m married. &gt;Me: I’d do it. (to fiancée) You’d be okay with that, right? &gt;F: Absolutely. The same goes for me if someone offers for him, but he’s not conventionally attractive, so it’s far less likely.
Man strip shows are ABSURDLY sexual. I was expecting a woman strip club with less boobs but NO they humped faces and faked missionary on stage with people. We all felt pretty disgusted and that we wasted our money, and I’m wary of any man strip events now. Just dance pretty and do acrobatics, I have someone who I actually want to fuck.
I went to a man strip event and one was DEFINITELY trying to fuck me. 0/10 was not attracted to the arrogance.
I get having trust issues, but you gotta try again eventually... this has a very good chance of turning abusive.
At the risk of downvotes, midget is actually an insult, relating back to the midge bug. People with dwarfism tend to prefer (because no hive mind) “person with dwarfism,” “dwarf,” or “little person.” I don’t think you mean to insult them.
It’s because heads are super vascular. Got lots of nerves and important stuff to feed.
Why is one of the pics of the game on a store shelf?
I understand that :) That’s also why they average 2-3 years when top ear rats average 3-5 (damn cancer). Yay!! Absolutely- I usually just adopt.
I was about to crosspost there but it already was.
Haha right? While certainly they can be an aide to stable you while learning better coping mechanisms, figuring out your triggers, etc, sometimes they are *lifelong* synthetic replacements for something your brain doesn’t do right. And that’s absolutely okay, no different from insulin. Thanks for listening :)
Why? Because it means I don’t value myself more? Or because that’s how badly I need money? Because I’m actually not sure if I wouldn’t do it if I didn’t need the money. [TMI explanation](/s “I really enjoy pleasuring people. I love all the faces and noises and knowing *I* made someone feel *that good.* But there’s also the stigma, STI’s, risk of pregnancy, risk of the situation going south, and the fact that unless I find someone attractive, sex is very meh for me. You might be saying, *Um, duh?* But I’ve only ever been attracted to 7 people in my life - only one atm - and before attracted sex I had no idea what I was missing out on.”) I’d probably be less likely to, but maybe certain situations I’d be open to it (my relationship is quasiopen, in that we’d prefer to talk to each other and work something out if either of us ever felt like cheating as opposed to feeling like we had to hide it), like if I was the only person they’d ever been attracted to and didn’t know how to navigate that (TBH I probably wouldn’t charge for that). I’m sure this is much more than what you were expecting me to respond with.
Also going off of this, she could also see a registered dietitian (not a nutritionist, dietitians have to get a scientific degree and such) who specializes in postpartum nutrition to help her figure out what is right for her body and baby.
I mean, when you can stretch any part of yourself.... Aaaaaand I’m headcannoning her as genitalfluid (a term for cis people who are completely fine with their body and gender, but would be down with shapeshifting genitals). Now I’m jealous.
Wow, way to make fun of fat people, trans people, *and* otherkin in so few words!
Barely yiff?
Don’t get me wrong, tonsils do have a purpose, but losing a chunk of one won’t be an issue. Better safe than sorry.
&gt;”furries ruin everything” - said the overweight unemployed [insult] who identifies as something unpronounceable I forgot the rest. Truly stunning literary work we’re missing out on, you see. /s
My army vet fiancée u/wootwootyinthebooty saw these and said, “Oh yeah, the marines’ birthday is coming up.
I only stated that because it’s relevant: he’s a veteran of the army, and most military factions that aren’t the marines make fun of the marines. I know him because he’s my fiancée.
I do caution squats if a person is estrogen-based, though, because estrogen makes your joints more likely to get injured (found out the hard way). Stair master (or just going up and down stairs) is safer and gets the same effect.
Adderall is addictive - it’s medical meth. I don’t mean that in, “It’s the doctors peddling something you don’t need!” I mean it’s literally meth. My friend takes it when she needs to and gets withdrawal when she stops.
Because not all women are female and not all females are women. Even for cis women, PCOS, menopause, ovary removal, and other conditions can make medical advice vary as opposed to the majority of cis women.
May I volunteer the name Hormy, short for hormonal?
Subbed
I wouldn’t be surprised if they lost a rat to cancer and that’s where the tumor was.
I tell people, “They’re like dogs that don’t bite and don’t bark,” with the expectation that they know no toothed pet *never* bites.
I had a rat lose use of his legs in old age (mildly common, still lots of debate on the cause) and he still would try to jump from ledge to ledge and climb on my thick thighs. Wouldn’t let himself believe he had less than 4 functioning limbs!
As an AFAB enby who is just trying to make the best of their body because they can never pass, GOALS.
You’re proof of that!
I think you were right about the water retention because I somehow lost 5 lb in 4 days ._.
I can kinda explain that one, if you’re interested.
If you created the term without those connotations then it doesn’t have them :)
“If a woman wants a dick she wants it big!” “Um. No. Most want an average dick, if that. No pain KTHXBAI”
Now if he “flashes” it by my stumbling upon his filed away records of donating to causes we both care about, I’m interested.
I mean, if it’s legitimate, your body has a way to shut that all down.^^^^^^/s On a more real note, if you’re interested in rare medical phenomena and don’t mind more tokophobia fuel, [check this out](https://www.livescience.com/44009-healthy-baby-rare-abdominal-pregnancy.html).
Yup! TIL. Apparently there’s debate on if someone has to be autistic to have it, and it’s very unlikely I’m autistic. Also I can’t be sure if I could have read on my own because I was read to literally from day 1, but I have always loved reading and actually enjoy sentence diagramming. That being said, I have issues with sounding out words, and usually have issues with pronouncing new words correctly (even today I still say “renember” instead of “remember”). It’s also unclear if my early reading ability was due to so much teaching and reinforcement from my parents, or natural. So I’m allistic (not autistic) and only diagnosed with dyslexia, but now you make me wonder.
So, assuming the pregnancy doesn’t scare you, you’re more scared of child rearing than pregnancy?
Not that I could find, but tokophobia seems exclusive to pregnancy and childbirth. But adoption still scares you, yes?
Because you relate or because it was so stream-of-consciousness-y?
LOOK AT ALL THAT FACIAL HAIR
What?? Why??
JSESUS COMES AGAIN
NNNNNOPE HOW ABOUT NOPE NOPE NOPE I PREFER MY LINING NOT BUILDING UP IN MY VAGINA/UTERUS KTHX
All the water?
Your trans-inclusionary language is appreciated &lt;3
I don’t doubt you, but sauce?
I read it on scarleteen, I’ll go hunt down the actual article after my exam if you’re interested.
That’s pretty regional, but interesting. Thank you!
This wasn’t a study, just an OB/GYN’s experience.
Asian alcohol syndrome? Not exclusive to Asians, just more common
Numbers are called for privacy’s sake. My experience was about the best it could have been, all things considered. The staff were friendly and respected my gender, didn’t try to get me to keep the pregnancy, I found community in the others who were waiting, it was quick and the nurses were sensitive, and the doctor even helped me figure out I have adenomyosis after. Probably couldn’t have gone better, for $560.
My dad does that as well.
I’m glad to hear that!
