I think you might lose a lot of money.
You are a pretty simple person.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AH!
Its okay, i survived.
PETE JUST FLEW INTO THIS TOWN AND HE'S HAVKING UP ALL THE WOMEN'S MEAT
FUCK THIS THREAD IM GONNA EAT SAUSAGE
You know the NBA has gone completely soft when we obsess over a baby in a post-game interview more than we obsess over the league's best players... It's time to forget about Riley
I agree
Everybody just needs to shut up about "riley curry is the greatest thing to ever happen to the nba since jordan" shit because that's how the NBA is treating it. There's been more coverage of her in the past week than curry or lebron.
Japa dog?
This is just weird coming from him.
AND
Right, but they sure didn't call New Vegas the Mojave Wasteland and same with D.C.
These all sound like some fun for a more advanced character, i will try it out wih my already-made character tho
The score's tied at 239 a piece heading into the 10th overtime in game 7 at the looney toon arena. LeBron has 200 points, Lola with 30, Taz with 5, and Foghorn Leghorn was fouled twice for 4 points. On Curry's team, Steph has 179, Bugs has 30, Daffy has 10, Elmer has 2 and Bills Murray has 8. LeBron is completely gassed- scoring most of his teams points by playing every single minute of the game, trying to beat Michael's space jam record as well as beat Steph. Steph, however, was tired but fine; and was capable of taking control of this game. As the buzzer sounded and 5 more minutes were added to the clock, Lola suggests Bron should take a break. LeBron shouts, but agrees- and in comes foghorn leghorn. In 1 minute, Steph scores 15 points and 5 assists to bugs and daffy, as well as 1 to a wide open elmer fudd. LeBron looks up at the scoreboard in disgust, and a gleam out of the corner of his eye catches his gaze- Bill Murray drinking out of a white water bottle. Some purple tape and black text written in hasty sharpie appear on the other side of the bottle, and Bill Murray stops drinking and sets it down. LeBron screams "timeout!" And the game stops with exactly 3:30 left. "Yo tweety, come here" the bird comes over to LeBron as he whispers in her ear. Tweety nods, then flys off in the direction of Steph's team bench. As Lola tries to draw up a strategy, LeBron can only stare at tweety struggle to carry the bottle, he gaze never leaving. She finally returns with the bottle exhausted, and LeBron takes it back to the bench. "Michael's Secret Stuff" the bottle reads, and when nobody is looking, LeBron crosses out Michael's name and writes his own. LeBron takes a sip, and immediately downs the whole bottle after realizing its power. The buzzer sounds, and LeBron is to guard Curry. "Time to change eras, old man." Says Curry. "Man, shut your mouth little girl." Says LeBron, who pushes off Curry to catch a pass from Lola. LeBron screams as he runs over Steph, tramples daffy, steps on Bugs, then finally uses Bill Murray as a launchpad to soar 40 feet in the air for the 1080 dunk. All of the looney toons' jaws drop, and LeBron shrugs. As the fame progresses, there is no stopping LeBron; but Steph is persistent. With 30 seconds to go, Steph trails by 5; another timeout is called. LeBron heads back to the bottle to find it's empty, and he immediately goes to the ref to complain. The ref gives him a warning after 25 death threats from Bron, and the game continues. In the huddle, LeBron gives his team commands. "Okay: Lola, cut to the basket. Bird, set some screens. Big Chicken thing, fly around and check some people." Curry gathers his team. "Okay guys, ughh, have fun out there." Curry gets the ball from the pass from Bugs. As LeBron charges towards Steph with a full head of steam along with Taz, Steph throws a 3-point alley-oop to Bill Murray. Down by only 2 now, LeBron takes up the ball. Dribbling around for 20 seconds, Steph's entire team is now on LeBron but he refuses to pass it. Finally, with nobody open, he shoots it; and watches as the clock goes down to 0.0: the ball still soaring through the air. "Yes! All hail the King baby!" He shouts. "Suck my nutsack MJ, you Chicago piece of..." LeBron stops talking as the ball hits back iron and soars back across the entire court- and into the other basket. Steph's team can't believe it, and the crowd goes nuts. LeBron bows his head into defeat as he goes into the press conference sporting an all-black turtleneck and skinny jeans. "LeBron, who is most accountable for he loss today?" Asks a reporter, eager to hassle LeBron. "I found that the officiating wasn't really up to par, and my teammates are fuckin' looney toons. Also my coach Bacid Dlatt doesn't know shit, and i play for quite possibly the shittiest team in the league; i mean i carried us here. I am the only reason we're here." LeBron pauses for a moment and looks down at his microphone. "But we play as a team, and we're all to blame really... We win together, and we lose together. As the press conference starts to end, LeBron reveals he is taking his talents to Acmeville.
My personal favorited are *"12 Angry Men"* and *"the Treasure of the Sierra Madre"*
I typed it on my phone in like 7 minutes so i guess that explains the quality
Already played this lol... I played a rapper from New Reno who just gets drunk kn vodka, whiskey, then jet and heads to the casino to gamble away
I write and publish books in my free time. Not even my closest friends know.
Or those vaults that crazy people usually have in their backyard in our world
What? You payed $400 for them, not using/needing them ever would sure seem like the college is just screwing you over, wouldn't it? And why would they do that?
Away for a week, can't play fallout until monday, don't have any fixer. Halp plz.
How so, if i might ask?
Sounds good, if i have to say! I never actually thought that people would want to read it right away... Should have though that through. I will make some adjustments to the story and will try to get it up soon!
Also, for anyone wondering what i mean by "stand alone": i modified the story so that the make character, essentially the courier, is lured in by Father Elijah the same way, but the story takes place present day, in our world. The Casino is in Mexico, and dean and Dog/God are humans formatted to best fit their personalities as if they were a ghoul or a super mutant. I did not add the story to the fallout universe simply because so much background required for this story would not only confuse the reader, but most of it would essentially be useless information and therefore blur the story. While inside the villa/casino, i didn't really take any elements away. The ghost people, the cloud, the holograms, the gala event are all still present. Included as well is the Vera/Frederick Sinclair/Dean story, as well as the backstory of the construction of the villa/casino by several companies and how Frederick Sinclair is utterly obsessed with security. I tried to keep it as true as i possible could, with exceptions to some usage of creative license. TL;DR: i adapted the original *Dead Money* story for audiences unfamiliar with Fallout Lore.
OMG JOÖ GUIS I CUNT BELIEVE ME TOP POST WAS ABOOT ZELDERZ LOLLLLLLLLLLLL XDDDDDDDDD
Still salty about grayson fucking allen.
If this was YouTube you would be seeing comments like: "This is fake"
Sorry, but fuck you.
First of all i think its a fading australian accent, and second she still married nick young ? If she was really racist "deep down" then why did she commit to a lifelong relationship with a black guy?
GAHHHH THERA NEVER GONNA BE ANOTHER TIME! DUKE IS GONNA WIN IN THE NEXTFUCKKG 5 YEARS WHILE WISCONSIN WAS WAITING SINCE 19 FUCKKNG 46 AN THEY MAY NEVER WIN AGAIN THEY WERW THE PERFECT TEAM, THEY SHOT WELL, THEY PASSES WELL. FUNDAMENTALLY THEY WERE THE MICHAEL JORDAN OF TEAMS AND THEY FICKING LOST BECAUSE TYUS FUCKING JONES AND HIS STUPID FUCKING UNIVROW AN GRAYSON CHICKEN SHIT ALLEN CAME TO THE RESCUE AND FUCKING FUCKED THE FUCKERS RIGBT IN THE FAT FUCKINF ASS GHAHAHSHSHAHA
Penis
Flashportal.com
Sorry, but everybody here has it wrong. You have to find unique personalities to steal talent from. IMHO, the best option is: Dirk Nowitzki, Nate Robinson, Blake Griffin, James Harden, and Klay Thompson. Sorry, but i think about this alot.
This. FUCKING. INFURIATES ME. What the fuck kind of friend is he? And that response... I've never cringed harder, worse than /r/cringe ... God damn. I'm sorry but i'm fucking pissed at this shithead. You don't even need to get revenge, just find a way for him to pay you back, be assertive, and make him feel like the guilty little shit he is. Trust me, i've been there- and if nothing works, you can always try the nuclear option of parents. I never liked it, but seriously thats a shitload of points... I assume you didn't buy those, so tell you parents how mich money those points would have been in real world money to have more effect. I can't believe he would just take your points to upgrade his shitty team. You must be the chillest person ALIVE.
So he calls you a pussy. Nothing happens. So then he says he will beat you up. Theres a 70% chance he wont go through with it. And if he does, or keeps threatening, then you have a reason to go nuclear. If you're upset then i don't know why thats not an option for you.
You don't have the energy to talk to your parents? You're odd hesitation is making me doubt your story as a whole.
Ya maybe him or Nate can go to the park and play the "wannabe" role. And if the movie were to follow the exact same pattern that the original story set up, Kobe could play Larry Bird, Zack Galifinakis could play Newman, and Johnny Manziel could play Bill Murray, being that he is the new face of Cleveland Football.
What the fuck i just requested this 2 days ago and it got downvoted 3 times and died
Upvote for including quite possibly the 4 greatest big men to ever play and not forgot them.
I disagree. In camps before official NBA workouts, (LeBron's camp), he was one of the most athletic guys there. He's still growing, currently at 6'9, and he's strong.
Is Boylan known for Defense? That would be great matching the two together.
Getting an experienced defensive coach like Jim to pair with a rookie offensive-minded coach like Hoiberg excites me.
You can probably choose between WAY more factions than that... I wouldn't be surprised if either of these factions end up being meaningless to the main story.
I agree, the text tree looks down right hideous. However, that was 3rd person, and he did mention that there would be chat in 1st OR 3rd... Fingers crossed. HUD also looks weird.
I GUESS IT WAS MOTHERFUCKING NOTHING
Did you watch? He tore down a building all the way to the concrete base and built it back ul
*"why hello there, LogJammer D'BaggageclingBron. Welcome home!"*
I love you
That's probably what she told them
I want to give this gold. Or bethesda. Or something. Intelligence was way OP
Or you are frozen in a chryo chamber, originally used for horrible tests, and you were the control person.
[Speach 100/100]Mind explaining damage Damage Threashold to me?
Comprehension? Only benefits magazines
I feel like he just printed out these pictures then colored them in.
Whatever you say.
Didn't Jerry West win FMVP when he lost in the finals? Or was that Magic?
I feel like either you or todd dodged all of the important questions we all have such as if a voiced protagonist is mandatory, dialogue wheel, etc
Don't forget Paul George
Getting slammed in 2 courts at once
Hey, they told thibs the same thing, and he answered the exact same...
LOL Thibs said the same thing
Cavs had the worst playoff roster w/ LeBron and the Warriors had the best team in the league... Don't act like it was a cinderella run.
That's a pretty good attitude about the whole thing, very Tim-Duncan Like.
17 Mil with the Raptors...Jesus
"I just don't know meyers...what if i can't achieve scalibrine level? What if i..." "Shhh...kevin, you need to calm down. LeBron is just getting in your head, that's all. Maybe San Antonio is the answer." "You know what Meyers... I can do this. I CAN achieve scal level. I'll go up to LeBron tommorow and say...i'll say... Uhh... Forget you, man! I don't need Cleveland!" "That's the spirit, Love! Now go getem tiger!"
How did you defect safely? What was your process?
Nice try, Brian Williams.
God damnit
WHOA! Are you the first person to do this? WTF thats clever man.
Wisconsin would be one of those teams
At least they made it to the national championship after facing the hardest schedule possible in the tourny then losing to Duke.
Seriously though, Fuck Duke.
Yao.
Dream: 72' Lakers vs. 96' Bulls Nightmare: 2010 Bobcats vs. The 05' OKC Hornets
Ya! Don't forget Ty Lawson! But that's pretty much it.
Love your analysis.
*center. Do you live outside of the U.S?
Marquis Teague was also good in International play as well as summer league so...
Is it just me or is Dylan like the ultimate school shooter name?
This sounds like something i might do my first ever playthrough, just to get a feel for everything.
Oh.
Love it
Lost to the Nets?
porque no los dos
Shut the fuck up, Kevin.
ITT: people not understanding community references
Im a bulls fan but i usually play suns just to make things interesting
What does it say if you have less than 30 Speech?
Ashamed they didn't mention censorship... But then realized it was NBC.
Blonde, British accent, snowboarder, attractive.
Ur mOm partipatud hersulf.lol
ITT: people getting downvoted for stating their opinions about a game everybody on reddit "must enjoy"
DO YOU LIKE THAT?!?!?
Worst troll ever.
Silence, Ye Shallot. No but seriously shallots and garlic with butter is scrumptious.
I LOVE YOU
Somebody had to creat the "big bang". Who created that? Must be a god. Who created that god? Who created THAT god? The notion of the whole universe and life is crazy, therefore the gods must be as well.
⛽️🅰🆖
Your title is VERY misleading. PJ wasn't singling out LeBron on purpose, he said "for example", and i don't think he thinks that the league pampers LeBron either. Every single player in the NBA travels every game. Its a fact.
You had no friends as a child
No, he said "for example", then chose LeBron; he could have picked any star in the NBA that gets away with traveling, which is basically every single one. Derrick does it, Jo does it, everyone does it. LeBron is just the big name he could think of first.
F4LL0UT M4ST3R R4C3
Le F4LL0UT 4RMY H4TE C0D?!??!!!
Not at all
Damn that life
KAT or Okafor
You favorited the porn.
They do. Flares as well as fire can also cause this.
Fortunately, i can provide an opposing view for discussion purposes. I really was leaning towards Amita for the course of the Campaign, she really seemed to have the better plan. I agreed that the only way to keep Kyrat going is to establish a market on an international stage by selling anything we could find, even if that meant opium. Sabal's POV really seemed unnecessary to me; i didn't really care about the culture or the religion, i wanted the best for the future of Kyrat. But in Yuma's hallucination, i saw Amita draw more and more comparisons to Pagan Min; killing civilians in the name of Kyrat, destroying religion we were trying to keep for the locals, and she was biased on the POV of Kyrati customs and traditions. I was pretty horified, so i had no choice- Amita had to die. I never cared much for Sabal but push came to shove and eventually i shot Amita. And to keep things short, i let Pagan Min live. I never wanted to kill him, i wanted to side with him and i wish i could have. I wanted him gone however, and i'm glad i got the option to let him leave. I wish i could kill Sabal after that, i don't think he would be a good king. Besides, he idolized Mohan even knowing Mohan was a ruthless killer of a leader, like Pagan or Ajay.
He was awesome in FC3, but he was still all about business. He was there to work, and left accordingly,
1) more choice. I wish i could have sided with Pagan in FC4. 2) more story. FC4 was REALLY short without all the side missions, like 3 missions total in the north, come on! 3) Malaria(jk) 4) new location obviously, probably in some made-up South American country or maybe even the middle east 5) new enemies, FC3 and FC4 NPC's were the exact dame with a new coat of paint on them. 6) controllable regions. FC3&amp;4 had outposts you had to conquer in order to "control" a region, i want some change
Yes, FC2 was always my personal favorite.
Respect, i loved it. The Map Editor is my favorite feature in the FC series and i use it extensively, you must do the same.
Wrong, there are 5 endings including the secret ending available at he beginning of the game.
You didn't wait? Was the crab rangoon not good enough?
Worse than Malaria made me laugh my ass off
Lol Jack's face at the beginning made me laugh so hard
"And continue to make stellar moves like drafting Kaminsky over Winslow" This is an awful move, the Hornets have like 6 big men and didn't need frank regardless of how good he fits into triangle offenses/is better than winslow
Honestly. I picked the knicks and started to rebuild and i was able to trade for tim duncan, tony parker, zach randolph, mike conley, Gortat, bradley beal, jeremy lin, gordon hayward, and MCW.
So bad that there wasn't even a troll 1.
Because Kareem, Bill Russell, Elvin Hayes, Willis Reed, and Wes Unseld were "skinny white boys" He grabbed 55 boards over Russell, the guy who has the finals trophy named after him. Show some respect for greatness.
Even if it isnt true Klay is no way best SG in the NBA, especially after 1 good game.
Casablanca, Citizen Kane
I &lt;3 Chris Copeland. Dude is a stud, so many memories watching him.
#i checked the facts and they play out best Speak English #in terms of winning Bill was No shit, he belonged to one of the best teams of all time and had the finals trophy named after him This doesn't really make a case as to why Wilt wasn't a boss
What do you mean?
Stop
/u/DrDickle don't worry at least you won't be playing Paul Pierce again in that 4th seed :)
#Cavlin
Cool
Okay, that concludes the second round then.
Its almost over anyways
People on reddit refuse to believe that Kanye is a good dude.
We get it you watch political debates
Not yet
After deleting facebook and hitting the gym
Choo
I agree, have an upvote or two.
This. Everybody on this sub assumes that just because Russ had more ringz, he is better. Well the reality of it was that Russ had the help of 7 all-stars and it was 8-2 vs. Wilt and Hal Greer or Jerry West. Also that Wilt got 55 rebounds over Russ in one game.
1. Wilt is the most dominant player to ever play the game, i don't care what era he's in. 2. Steph Curry is a beneficiary of the rule changes due to his lack of strength and superior quick release shooting. 3. I hate the Warriors 4. Jordan and Tracy McGrady may be the most talented players of all time. 5. Earl Monroe is one of the best ball-handlers ever 6. Oscar is tied with Magic for PG greatness 7. I think LeBron has earned those wins from the Bulls every year, there was never a "fluke" year 8. Kareem&gt; Hakeem 9. Gilbert Arenas wasn't a legend 10. Ben Wallace won't make the HOF despite his defensive prowess 11. And here's the big one: obviously the MVP trophy is a big wonky in terms of how it is won, but i think you have to have a unique personality on and off the court to win it. A unique and different playstyle that has "changed the game" one way or another. Nash is an example, Curry another. Kobe had 35 PPG and led a YMCA squad to the 7th seed and still got snubbed.
Happy father's day LeBron, cause you're Jimmy's son
He has a 78 standing three. 78.
💯💯💯💯😁👱🏿🔫👱🏿🔫👱🏿🔫👍🏼⚡️🚀🍌🤔🤔🤔👤🗝🔑🔑😂🚤🇧🇭💯⬆️⬇️⬆️⬇️⬆️🌚🌚🌚🌚🤕😴😩🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Congrats, you mafe it to the semis! Contact your oponent and go to the ship!
Jack it til u make a mess is what my uncle always said
Animal Farm.
JU MUST DRINK DA WAHTTER YUNG BAS
I remember when theh said they were giving away practice jerseys for the first 2,000 and we got in at 1,474(never forgot) and we didn't get anything. I saw a total of 5 people walking around with practice jerseys that day. But i got a Rose bobblehwad once so thats nice,
Ur weird
First person that comes to mind is Dariq Williams
I did
I heard /r/gonewild fucking hates them, too! But that's just what i heard.
R Kelly?
My stomach hurts
Just kill every politician within a ten mile radius of the loop
K
I've heard the name La-a before. Ladasha.
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
Is there more than 1? No way i found it that fast
Bucks beat the Warriors. Bucks &gt; Warriors
So are you a Lakers or Twolves fan? I must know.
Lakers are #1 in the league in upside Just oozing with upside
The Supersonics moved to OKC faster than Katrina made the Hornets
Hopefully soon
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
I think the point he's trying to make is that Jo was a frontrunner fro MVP and is still only an 84 ovr
How do you make these?
Unfortunately we're already in the finals and on XB1
Lol just win the finals
Yes i know reggie, chuck, and cwebb can't be in the game. I get it. Or just downvote me to shi its cool
They're ultra sensitive
Im a badgers fan so i got lucky on that one
Kings. Only way i know is wisconsin badgers fan
Hes already in
memes
What if he was traines by bruce lee
Thanks. Like i said, i don't play MyTeam. These downvotes make zero sense. He helped me, i thanked him. Fuck me right?
Im not even a nets dan but i rejoice. Huge news, good for Brooklyn, good for basketball.
Trade Lopez, Young, and Johnson for some young guys and picks. Build a future and blow it up.
And that's somehow worse than not getting to LeBron at all?
Well the system he played him prevented him from being a good defender, they were the fastest paced team in NBA history.
There are many conflicting theories at why but the main reason is that they simply don't want to be in the game. I know Chuck said "it would be weird to have people play me in a game".
*moments*
##FuckTheKids
Idk if Kerr likes him though.
I like your enthusiasm!
#you need to show it Lol
Lmao did you actually just say that...haha
Steph Curry is the GOAT, surpassing Heat legend Ray Allen and 2015 Prime Kobe as the greatest shooter ever./s
Only correct answer
Hahahahahahahahaha But fuck you
Now whoever they draft will be the butt of a joke where they call him "water cooler" if he gets good
I would. DeAndre aggresively nailed tjose winning FT's
In case that didnt work: http://imgur.com/a/wDdof
Bored. I wanted to take the most memorable moment from that monster game 6 vs Boston, and this image is definately it.
Hes a warriors fan he just started watching basketball cut him some slack
Holy shit this wizards team flops more than the raps
What a little shit. #FuckTheKids2016
Im just going to never do these ever again.
8dank9me
Ok
Good work OP. Good graph.
Ehh, i'd say average at best. They don't hold a candle to the 2011 Bulls. But are the better than Kentucky?
Its ESPN's new boyfriend after they cheated on LeBron, what do you expect.
But its not inevitable. Just look what happened to D Rose... won an MVP and fell hard. Curry has a history of injuries, anything can happen.
Tony Parker? Top 10? He's barely top 20 foh
#Advanced stats Sure you can bring up a bunch if analytics, but this tells me you didn't even watch Isiah play.
Okay deal we get the next jordan you guys get the next Ewing
Whoever moves will be the Supersonics of the NFL
Not Jalen, Kobe.
Delly Curry Jalen Grantland Analytics Nigga Kobe Harden FamBruh 💯💯😩🔥🔥🌚⬇️😂⬆️🔑😴🤕😍😁👱🏿🇧🇭👤🍴👍🏼🚤👶🏽🚀☀️⚡️🗝🆖🌹🍌🌝🌪🌪🌪🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌
Anything could happen. If you asked me where the bulls would end up in 2010, i would have said D rose and Jo are sure fire HOF's...
LeBron James?
Worst mindset of all time
Great now he Bucks and the Wizards think they're the shit and the league doesn't think we are. Key guys are injured and it seems like we're back at square one. Warriors and Cavs coming up, we're in a bad spot.
/r/shittyjokes
#anteatergumbo
Im a bulls fan that appreciates the game haha i have a bulls flair and get knocked out of the playoffs by him every year. You did all this research but couldn't figure out i was a bulls fan? Smh #12 year old homer weak troll klay lmao
Lol is this a joke? Defense is *better* now? So handchecking and sometimes just mobbing a player(pistons against Jordan) is worse defense than the "touch them and get a foul" defense of today? What?
He is getting paid to do nothing already for 2 years, he wouldn't want to go to a rebuilding team in that span.
Delete their Twitter account, Hit the court, agent up.
Wheres the Celtics fan when you need them
Cuz he murdered them lol definition of Salty BBQ Chicken
And # of chicks banged
Shhhh BB is ok
How the fuck would Bill Simmons know? He was born in 1970, past Wilt's prime. And you're going to take his word for it when he has a reputation for being a bigger Celtics homer than Tommy Heinsohn. Biggest Celtics homer ever. Playing against his heroes Bill Russell and John Havlicek. When Bill said that John Havlicek might be one of the best players of all time. I don't possibly see how people can blindly follow Bill Simmons, especially talking about Wilt's opponents.
Fuck me we lost to philly
Defense! *BOOM BOOM* Defense! *BOOM BOOM*
At least you have a Curry and some Green in your pocket
I'm not saying he's bad im saying he is nowhere NEAR Jimmy. Jimmy guards the best scorer on the opposing team, Harden doesn't want ANY of that.
Craig Ehlo was a decent defender though, pretty much better than average,
I wish Niko was drunk that game...probably would have done better.
R u mad Or nah
I think 55 Rebounds will be harder
Gotta know
Also invented swag
If he's not on by tn i will jist give u the win
Looks like South Africa's flag from the thumbnail
/r/StarBirb's family
Gasol over Rodman and McAdoo? Damn ESPN this list was going fine until you had to make that bonehead pick.
Lol averaged 29/11/9 as a rookie and only kept improving... 3 or 4??!!?
Yes :(
Who cares what Wilt's agenda was? He put up 50/25, and your argument is that its okay to discredit the greatest individual season ever because of what he thought? Gimme a break, Bill Simmons.
Honestly fuck those refs
PHX pls send us ur medical peeple -Bulls
Yes.
Trade him? Lol FOH. Jo means more to this team than his minor contributions off the bench. He's not some stock option the Bulls have that if he sucks too much we just trade him for "pieces". He's the heart and soul of this team.
Jimmy Butler and Bobby Portis would be the best duo in the NBA after trading our entire rest of roster for Jeremy Lin, Thibs, and Danny Green.
Lmao raptors in the conference finals
That was how he got discovered.
Ur in the finals! You're facing Whos decyfer aka /u/YungSteveHarvey
Well then i guess you play in 2 weeks then. You wouldn't be able to receive the VC until 2 weeks anyway.
Ok. Wait 2 weeks and stop PM'ing me about rule changes then.
Lol this shows exactly how much basketball this sub has seen of mike dunleavy jr.... He is in no way, at all, a dirty player. Never was.
Was she at least kinda hot? Like a 6/10 at least?
I encourage you to find an instance before that where mike was a dirty player. You won't find any. Fucking typical /r/nba thinks they know every player from every team because they saw one highlight.
I urge you to find ONE instance before the whole MCW thing wheee mike has been a "dirty player". You won't find one. Typical /r/nba thinking they know everything about every player from one clip.
So she basically tried to fuck you? That's not ultra christian to me.
Because the coaches who did that list aren't idiota
Find one clip before the MCW incident of him being dirty. ONE. You can't, saying "he is historically a dirty player " with no proof just proves my point.
Like any vet would
Thanks chinese bro. Who would have guessed it would have gotten darker? You are a savior.
:(
Isn't 7 feet tall
When the pistons signed him and he started getting minutes, i thought it would never last. A guy that has absolutely 0 offensive game? A "defensive center" that is only 6'9? Wow, sounds like a D league desperation pickup. I didn't realize how big if an i pact he had until he was shutting down Shaquille O'Neal in the finals.
Fuck Illinois; Chicago vs. Everybody! PG: D Rose SG: D Wade SF: Andre Iggy PF: Anthony Davis C: Jahlil Okafor B: Shaun Livingston B: Evan Turner B: Jabari Parker B: Iman Shumpert
That card is so overrated... How is Nash a 96 ovr?
BB &gt; Satan
Lathargic D. GSW open on EVERY shot.
Just listen to that crowd... It's like they actually care
I am just now realizung how many Warriors flairs there are in this sub nowadays.
Sounds like a cunt to me.
The definition of the word "the"
None of this disproved my argument
Durant didn't get to finals in 2014 despite averaging 32 PPG i guess he's a scrub and wasn't dominant,
My guess is that it will get 5x worse in San Fran...
PG: Iverson SG: Tracy SF: Jordan PF: Kobe C: Wilt Small ball ftw
~~Injuries~~ ~~Jo Leaving~~ ~~Hoiberg being shit~~ ~~our FO being idiots~~ ~~More Injuries~~ ~~LeBron existing~~ Can't think of any, the Bulls are solid tbh.
If you disregard big men, he's up there with Jordan, Kobe, Gervin, Bernard, English, TMac, Larry, and Elgin as the greatest scorers ever.
I think KD is better
I feel ya man. My dad's friend (old fart) lived in Philly when Wilt's 100 point game was being broadcastes over the radio. He's been a 76er's fan ever since, but as soon as Philly gets good, that fanbase will be crowded with fans.
#Italian
Sounds resonable enough.
Lets remember how short Larry's career was.
Kirk and Jimmy did it when they played the Warriors last time, this stat isn't true...
#Wilt averaged 50 PPG, which tells you something Does it tell us that he was the most dominant player ever?
#~~Bill Simmons~~ God FTFY, Reddit
I think Niko is drunk 24/7
Well nobody wants to be a raptors fan any game anyway.
Lets win this one because i told you to
Gasol to Jimmy on the oop is a bread and butter play for us now. Kevin Love needs to stop being used as a 3 shooter and they should see what they can do to get him back to Minny Love.
Except we beat them once already this season, we can do it 3 more times and especially tonight.
1. Bulls vs. Celtics game 6 2009 is the epitemy of what the current era of Bulls basketball is all about. Crucial moments decided by legends on both sides, and a hard fought war between Kevin Garnett, Joakim Noah, and the rest of the players on either side. 2. The Flu game. Utah Jazz looking to get an edge in the Bulls, but MJ doesn't let his teams lose. 3. Game 2 against the Celtics, 1985. Bird, Mchale, and the rest of the Celtics thought they can sweep the Bulls easily and advance in the playoffs. Jordan wasn't going to let them sweep, so as a sophomore he puts up 63 points.
Jo
Well, to be fair, the Bulls have the best free throw defense in the league.
You sound like a shill
I can't even imagine how many times they dad dicked the other team on a nightly basis
Biggest douche of 2016
Raptors fans never seem to take off their homer goggles
I dont think Kerr is a very good coach at all, as seen by luke walton. Not bad though.
What about getting rid of Elton Brand for bonafide scrubs?
Sure, but old man ray can't keep up with their pace.
Fuck the Warriors
LETS HEAR IT FOR. YOUR. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN DANCE TEAAAAAAAAMMMMMM 1!1!1!1!
Warriors win 119-118 Kerr blows up the team regardless, Curry to Philly, Dray to Milwaukee, Klay to Lithuania, Barnes to GitMo, Looney to Mars, Bogut is taken out onto the golden gate bridge and is thrown off while watching a live stream of James Michael McAdoo being forced to shoot Shaun Livingston and Festis Ezeli in the back of the Oracle. Mo Speights gets to stay.
Last year though. Who would have thought that the warriors, a second round exit, eith practically the same team as 2013, would explode and lose only 15 in a season? I thought nobody would touch that 2011-2014 Heat team but they are murdering them.
You got it easy
Head needs to be a tag wider, his upper lip should be wider and protrude a little more. Ewing's moustache defined him like that. I would go with eyebrow 4 or 6 and lower it to give patrick that pissed off look he was known for in game. On the side view, extend his chin and nose out a bit so that they protrude more from his face. Ewing had a protruding chin. Also, i'm not sure if skin tone 1 is the way to go. Try skin tone 2 to see if that looks good, but if that doesn't work, try skin tone 1 with pock marks and something like "skin blemish 2" to brighten his face. If THAT doesn't work, keep it as is. On the sideways view(always forget what its called), adjust his lower brow to proteude more and lower it a tad. Finally, give him Brow 9 or 10 and go to straight on view to make his forehead a little larger to give the impression that he is larger; right now he looks like a guard or forward. This will give Ewing the sort of box forehead he had.
But nobody will see this comment and ultiimately people will think LeBron is some kind of neo hitler in the NBA
Nobody beats wilt until they average 50/25 in my book. Pull Analytics on me all you want, but how can you say he is beating Wilt with those numbers.
Are we really this sensitive that we need to say this all the time.
At least we make it to LeBron, let alone the second round, let alone the fucking playoffs
Porzingis is the Unicorn?
Damn SEC schools fuck them
Lol most Warriors fans don't even know that
Thought the same thing.
https://twitter.com/neiltyson/status/692122189143875586
So i guess we can just throw Wilt's 50/25 season out the window because its all about PER
I killed them off and compacted them into a garbage block.
*Here in my garage, just bought this new lamborghini...*
Just wondering; What if you kept a small baby inside a cage its whole life until it was too big for it? Would it break the cage? Would it be deformed?
BUT BUT ANALYTICS AND PER AND ADJUSTING FOR PACE I DID A BUNCH OF RESEARCH PRAISE ME
They had some GREAT fucking points that should be reverberated on to reddit. 1. Steph may not be the alpha dog without Draymond (remember when he shares the spotlight with Klay? Remember "the splash brotherS"?) 2. LeBron was so good in 2011 that using their 3rd best man(Bosh) inccorectly didn't even matter. LeBron isn't as good now, so using their 3rd man inccorectly (Love) will not only not work, they cannot get away with it. 3. Withou the Warriors, the NBA would be pretty damn boring this year. 4. The parity in thr NCAA right now will make for some good March Madness play. 5. Some guys are not ready to make the transition from NCAA to NBA
Fuck
If only the Warriors could move to Honalulu
Fuck
I always get downvoted to shit when i say that the Curry hype was like the Steve Nash hype back in '03-'04
Who can even guard KD effectively on that team? Its gotta be Dray, right? And can Currh keep uo with Russ defensively?
That is more or less beside the point
Ah.
You douchebag
Por que no los dos? Porque Pau no gane muchas trofeos.
#1Anti #2Anti #3Aircraft #4Aircraft An Anti Aircraft Aircraft (using the last 3 words in the term) is an aircraft used for shooting down other aircraft. When puttin #1Anti in front of the Term, ir becomes an aircraft that is used to shoot down aircrafts. The aircrafts that are being shot down are used to shoot down other aircraft. So, an Anti Anti Aircraft Aircraft is used to shoot down aircraft that shoots down aircraft.
Should be 99
Netflix?
4*
But are you euphoric
1. Go into that thread about Urban Survival 2. Do the opposite of everything there
This is just what he Cavs wanted, this is what Lue wanted, this is what LeBron wanted. Cavs looking scary.
456
Fuck that movie. The gang names are "Trojans and Spartans"? Really? It was way too dramatized, just feeding into the whole "Chicago is literally Iraq" narrative,
Frank is good this season though, right?
Agreed. Raptors are a better team than the Bulls, but the Bulls consistently beat them.
This thread is 115 days old,
#Ruffles my jimmies something fierce
Oh shit
Shaqoflouge.gif
He needs about 3/50 on Free Throws
Lillard, Love, Ray Allen, MJ, Gay, McLemore
Center
Yes, they should have gone to unemployed.
I wonder how Rodman would do against Curry.
I like how Curry stared him down but then realized it was LeBron right in his face so he just kept playing
Now that's good coaching. Kerr always surprised me.
https://youtu.be/STXbuXGPdoY Arnold literally saying Wilt was the strongest NBA player of all time, stronger than even him. Arnold said it, not BR or another source. That's the best source possible for discussing if Wilt was stronger than Arnold. Again, where's your evidence? You gonna argue against Arnold in favor of Arnold?
This is only half of it. He was asked this question *twice* in that thread, and the second time he simply said "to stay dry". Perfect.
~~Magic~~ Michael Cooper on Kobe and Kareem on Shaq tho
*
This is exactly why the fired Blatt for Lue, to stop isiping so much and let the ball flow like the other modern offensive juggernauts of the NBA. But sometimes, when losing in the finals, they resort back to that.
Building off of this, i think Reach was pure Silver and everything that came after that was pure dogshit.
I know joking is fun but does anyone else hate these dank as fuck stats? Save that shit for off-season.
Ya that was a poor decision IMO. Nike is far and wide the best shoe brand out there (Jordan included i guess), especially for basketball. Why anyone would sign with not Nike, not Adidas, not Reebok but UNDER ARMOR while playing ball is beyond me. All of their shoes are ass.
Like a penis with ears and fake glasses
Which meant he had to face Bill Russell 12 times instead of 4
So we're just gonna forget about CJ Watson huh
Bulls had a higher win %
You literally only cheese 3's, you have no skill. You just danked your way to that result. Grizzlies vs. Wizards, lets go and play me like a man.
His old GT was his own name and an inside joke, if somebody swoops in and takes it then it would be a miracle.
Thanks.
Fuck the Knicks! Feels good.
Kidd. Both guys made everyone around them *better* (similar to CP3), but if you needed somebody to just do it all themselves then Kidd could do it, not Nash. Kidd could rebound, play D, and could play more minutes than Nash. Kidd was smarter than Nash, but Nash was the better shooter. I'd go with Jason Kidd. Guys on reddit love going to Nash because he was exciting, flashy, and coincided with their NBA nostalgia. Even with better teams, he never made the finals and Kidd did twice. If you out Nash in that '02 team who's second best player was Kenyon Martin or Richard Jefferson, than Nash wouldn't have an Amare Stoudemire to pass to. Kidd did more with less, and was also the better player. Sure, Nash had 2 MVP's and Kidd had zero. But one of those MVP's was over a Kobe that went 35/5/5 for a season, and the other was over a Shaq who averaged nearly 28/12. In other words, Kobe and Shaq only having 1 MVP each is proof that the MVP award is largely narrative based.
Oh shutup. Think of one incident before this where LeBron didn't take the high road. Dude has been the most pressured athlete in sports since he was a kid in high school in 03 and NOW we give him shit for one incident. This is really his first bitch move. Honestly shit the fuck up, the circlejerk is too much.
I fucking hate this sub when they endlessly circlejerk. LeBron has been pressured into acting like an idiot since he was just a kid in high school, and for 13 years he hasn't done anything controversially and morally wrong until now. And we fucking jump on him, like he kicked somebody in the nuts or personally put ads on jerseys. It's ridiculous, it really is. I've been apart of anti-LeBron circlejerks before, being a Bulls fan. But this is comically childish, and needs to stop. He didn't single-handedly give Draymond a suspension. Quite frankly, i think this is just a case of the straw that broke the camel's back for the league and Draymond; they're doing what they should have done in the OKC series. I bet if LeBron goes back to winning that this whole thing washes away, and the worst circlejerk since Draymond last week will hopefully be put to rest. In fact, last week, this sub talked about how LeBron was the most scrutinized athlete in the NBA and he deserves more praise...then we scrutinize him? This sub is too toxic right now, and i don't like how volatile the front page content (decided by upvotes and downvotes from endless circlejerking) has become. I don't want to see 30 top posts about en event that doesn't even encoumpass an entire game. I don't want to see 30 top posts about the latest anti-*WHOEVER* circlejerk because its tiresome, i don't want my content decided by an angry mob who burns everything they don't agree with and upvotes every mindless piece of hate that anybody with a Twitter account could produce. Ayesha Curry could hate LeBron and get on the front page, but some actual journalist gets downvoted for playong devil's advocate? Cut it.
Kinda like the Lebron/Dray one
I've never seen an anti-player circlejerk like this one. Last week: *"LeBron is great and doesn't deserve all the shit he gets"* This week: *"lol pussy ass bitch LeBron soft asf lmao"*
Finally, some discussion.
Fuck you and your good logic
Nice hot take fam
You're an idiot, and you're wrong. My dad is Dan Gilbert and he said that i should burn in hell because he is literally satan.
Lmao i thought i was the only one!
Dude stop bullying him
DAE Diamond Leung?
Rockets are fucked
Kill yourself
Ur a LeBitch
This is highkey racist fambruh
This sub is TOXIC
Why can't we just get to offseason already?
I think the Lakeshow will get LeBron next year!
Thanks Magic
I bet UR literully Danny Dorito lol got heeem
I know u r but what am i.?
Right no Fam
Flopper!!1!1!1!
Fucking kill urself
Die
U probably think Draymond isn't literally Jesus, lol scrub
Ayesha Curry couldnprobably win MVP in sandals
Stephs new shoes r trash jahahahahaha rite guis
As a Warriors fan, LeBron is a LeBitch.
Go Cavs! I like supporting my home team! Go team!
Lol LeFlop
Fuck u
Ur not a Warriors fan? Kill urself fam
Nigha wat
Dray = Saint 1 upvote = 1 punch for LeBitch!
The "get to work 15 minutes early" 5's hahahah
The "i be a snitch" 4's 😈😈😈😈😈
Prolly
So you know a thing or 2 about concussions, ay? Is Kevin okay?
Ikr what a fuckboi lolslemen GOT HEEEM
Right, but i'd day this one is worse.
Lol i love wolf pup
We've been excited about that before. Nobody else wants to hear it either. A Bulls fan amped about D Rose, man that's begging for downvotes.
Rockets are one of my *other* favorite teams in the league, excited for this as well. Especially since Harden missed the MVP last year, and went off this year but got snubbed from all nba teams.
Why do Lakers still think Clarkson is gonna be an all-star...
I'm thinking maybe 25-29 wins
As a a Bulls fan? 1. Garpax and Reinsdorf get lost in Rosewood Other than that, maybe watching to see who we draft. Realistically, seeing who will drop 30 on the Raptors this season.
I'd day this was worse because Draymond literally kicked somebody in the balls and got away with it
Aw thanks dad
Thanks FamBruh, you can tell i play at my local rec league and know a thing or 2 about basketball.
Damn FamBruh. DAE think not even in 2k?
Oh thats cute
If you're the Bulls, would you take a 5th + Wiggins for Butler?
I disagree. Everyone thinks of Wilt as a power player because he was a massive hulk of a figure, but in reality he was more of a finesse player. Fadeaways, finger rolls, and bank shots were his game.
Cuz he's a god
Suns! The Sonics aren't a thing anymore, but it they were, that would be it since i love Seattle. But ya, i've liked the Suns for a long time now, after the Bulls of course. Some other team i like are the Rockets and Kings.
Pacific Ocean
Ha
2004 Lakers: 1. GP 2. Kobe 3. Ricky Fox 4. Karl Malone 5. Shaq 1973 Lakers: 1. West 2. Goodrich 3. Baylor 4. Larusso 5. Wilt 1996 Rockets: 1. Kenny Smith 2. Drexler 3. Thorpe 4. Sir Charles 5. Dream 1971 Bucks: 1. Oscar 2. Allen 3. Misc Buck 4. Dick Cunningham 5. Kareem 2011 Lakers: 1. Steve Nash 2. Kobe 3. Artest 4. Pau Gasol 5. Dwight 2016 Clippers: 1. CP3 2. Jamal/Redick 3. Paul Pierce 4. Blake Griffin 5. DeAndre Dark Horse, 2001 Raptors 1. Muggsy 2. VC 3. McGrady 4. Antonio Davis 5. Hakeem Dark Horse, 2008 Rockets: 1. Steve Franchise 2. McGrady 3. Battier 4. Mutombo 5. Ming Dark Horse, 2012 Thunder 1. Westbrook 2. Harden 3. Durant 4. Ibaka 5. Adams Dark Horse, 2008 Cavaliers 1. Mo Will 2. Antawn Jamison 3. LeBron 4. Varejao 5. Shaq
Inb4 Kevin Love jokes
Lol. We give you a superstar, and in return you give us young talents who may or may not be all stars.
Paul never got there because he never had a 73 win team to play on. CP3 in '08 was truly a point god, and was one of the best point guards i have ever seen since Magic Johnson, in the sense that he truly made everyone around him better. I don't see that in Curry, i see a shoot first SG with very good court vision and playmaking skills. CP3 is the smarter player and better defender, and he's done so with lesser talent nearly his entire career. These last few Clippers teams have been hindered by either injuries or *awful* luck, so we may never know how good they are. What we do know is that they fell apart when CP3 was injured, while the Warriors coasted through nearly 2 rounds without their star point guard Stephen Curry. I would take a smarter, pass first point guard to build around rather than a shooter with other point guard skills.
Horry &gt; Michael Jordan all day
*frontcourt, and maybe. I guess i would rather have Pip and Cuttino than Drex, you're right.
1. Wilt Chamberlain and Jahlil Okafor. How many points would Wilt score today? 2. Oscar Robertson and Stephen Curry How would Oscar's uniqe game meet Steph's uniqe game in different eras? 3. Magic Johnson and LeBron James Can Magic defeat the Spurs, Warriors, Celtics, and Pistons and win rings? Can LeBron re-create showtime? 4. Patrick Ewing and Shaquille O'Neal Can Shaq bring a trophy to New York City? 5. Pete Maravich and Allen Iverson How many points does Pistol score in the '01 finals? How many ankles does AI break in the 70's? 6. Dirk Nowitzki and Kevin Garnett
Sure, we saw Steph on the bit stages in the last two years. But each year he's been significantly worse on them, and his team has had to bail him out each year.
I like the Clippers.
Okay, /r/nba, do you see why they fires Blatt now? THIS IS THE POWER OF LUE! Utter domination by the Cavaliers, and The King. Scary.
Dude their up 20 in the first. Warriors only scored 11.
Fuck you Varejao.
Doesn't it seem odd that *so many* different networks were able to negotiate around Sager's TNT contract? With seemingly zero hassle? His cancer was said to be gone, and then it comes back but they say he's fighting it? This is *scary*. I have a feeling they *know* this will be his last game, so they will defy all odds to let him have it. They know he's going to die, and this might be proof. This is serious.
ABC
Is this a running joke, or a legitimate concern?
Why are we discussing whether or not the foul was legit? Curry had a MELTDOWN, throwing his mouthguard at a fan. Cussing out the ref. Just being dumb after the foul. Will Curry continue to be the media's golden boy after this unexpected fit of rage?
So this might sound weird but the last time i checked the Dubs' sub to look at the inevitable Warriors implosion was when they were down 3-1 to the Thunder. Now, if i go back, i'm afraid they'll win game 7. Mine giving me a rundown on what's what in there? I'd like to know. 100% serious.
How about not even close
Oh god disregard that other comment, didn't get the joke right off the bat. Im dumb and tired,
I don't think LeBron holds a candle to Kareem yet. Just not there in terms of accolades or pure basketball skill compared to KAJ.
I guess it's just Barbosa left then.
Why?
Third game of the year, came in when everyone was injured
Yes, make more
I think haviny Galloway come off the bench eoild be big for the Bulls because we need a defensive guard who's taller than 6 feet.
Good, but not dominant
"I won't be silent" *deletes tweet*
Why?
No.
Shit
Oh dear
Ok
Pharos is a lighthouse in Alexandria, Egypt. The icon is a lighthouse.
Sonics did something the Thunder will never do- win a championship. Choklahoma shitty blunder strike again after going up 3-1.
#the greatest shrug in history Take it back.
"Curry is the best player in the nba" "The league is rigged" "LeBron can't win again" "It's just a game"
I made a prediction when that movie came out that this was the year for the Cavs. Soley because they made it.
I always like games reffes by Monty, he is the best ref in the NBA.
Well seeya
You're telling me? You guys dad dicked us.
I might be here as well. Chicago and New York may have beefed in the 90's, but both of our glory days are gone. The only difference is that NYC has a chance to get back to it, while Gar and Pax jerk off in a corner. Us big markets need to stick together. Lets go Knicks! Who do you guys hate nowadays? Brooklyn? Philly? Boston? L.A? I need the scoop.
Fuck Gar and Pac
Vin Baker
Fuck Glen Rice and Zo
Wait til next season.
Thoughts? Ariza would be fantastic alongside Jimmy. Starting 5 would be: PG: Jose/Baldwin SG: Jimmy SF: Ariza PF: Niko C: RoLo Bench: PG: Jose/Baldwin/Jerian/Dinwiddie SG: Etwaun/KJ SF: McDermott PF: Portis C: Felicio Gives us defensive help off the bench as well.
Then maybe Jose or Etwaun.
Wade Baldwin or Dejounte Murray?
He randomly followed me on IG 3 years ago. We're basically beat buds now.
And he randomly followed me on Instagram. Like this kid already.
Thibs is going to have a field day with Kris Dunn. A long, defensive guard on a young over-performing team? Sounds like Thibs' own son.
Future Dirk
Mike Korzemba is an idiot, and sometimes his videos can be really bad. 1. How is this good for NYC? He doesn't say. 2. "This might be the worst trade in Bulls history" Guess he wasn't around for Elton Brand. 3. In fact, he doesn't really touch on why this is good for the Bulls either.
If only he left Oklahoma City University
That would likely be traveling
Short in the basketball world.
Wow, sounds like a douche.
I think his ceiling is peak KG tbh. Pretty fucking good.
Rockets are fucked
Not again
For some odd reason i thought you put James Dolan on you list. Gotta slow down.
My favorite part of the Hoiberg signing was when the FO didn't even interview anyone else.
He had 55 fucking rebounds on Bill lol...in one game.
Rodman was great. But Dwight was a 3 time DPOY. Hard to say, really.
SHAVLIK FUCKING RANDOLPH never, EVER averaged more than 3 stats per game in any statistical category, yet played from '02 to '14. What the fuck. Who is this guy? Duke guy who looks like Sheamus. Weird.
Coulda got Nieng
Still. '05-'14 for this guy?
With Kanter and Roby too... Wtf they can do that?
Oh. Then this doesn't seem like such a good move.
