Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
&gt; Virginia at UCLA 12:30 p.m. PT FOX Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22 CALIFORNIA at UCLA 6 p.m. PT ESPN ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Username checks out
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE! Sorry, I just really like Waze.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw) I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay. Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
I believe the equipment managers still do this (the cross-town flag football game during Beat SC week, not the equipment stealing).
I'm confused. You don't have any West Virginia flair.
Post title seems to imply that just device between city and east bay will be suspended, but linked article says system-wide suspension.
Weird. I would have guessed they were high on something else.
ABC*, but you're still right
+1 Capital One 360 for savings. Brick and mortar banks such as Chase and BoA give you &lt; 1/100 of ONE PERCENT interest of savings. Why anyone would have a savings account there vs. and online bank like Capital One is beyond me.
lol bars in westwood. good one.
So you take 101 -&gt; 237 -&gt; 880 North instead of taking dumbarton? That's a lot of miles...
I'm convinced 880 South -&gt; 237 West is why my company has work from home
ah what the hell
Or that 6heismans guy
Does STANFORD-OREGON in 2012 count?
Can we please ban all links to bruinsnation [dot] com on r/cfb?
1M only because it's much more rare and they aren't making any more.
Do they offer coding aside from the products on their website? I'm interested in getting mirror folding coded.
What do they ship you and what was the cost?
Which is hilarious, because any developer who cares about lightweight performance uses Google Docs instead of Microsoft Office.
Exactly. I'm saying the excuse for 'older' people who use Windows machines and then mostly use their computer for Excel is hilarious because it's not like developers who use macs don't need spreadsheets too, they just use Google Docs.
&gt; Tough one. SF. Is so appealing, but the recent tech boom has honestly changed the city for the worse and the costs in SF have made it quite unaffordable and crowded. Your budget would not work as well in SF as it might in other parts of the Bay Area as suggested, such as Albany or SR. &gt; Normally for one of these "where should I live in the Bay" posts I would agree with you and heavily promote the south bay (born and raised), but I wouldn't wish commuting from the South Bay to Marin County on my worst enemy.
this. no amount of cool nightlife is worth it if you're spending whatever free time you do have commuting.
UCLA is notorious for having 24-hour parking that expires at 7am. So you see a lot of people at 6:55am in line to renew their parking pass.
2 things: 1. try socalbmw.com instead of going through individual dealership online inventories. It aggregates all the results from all socal dealerships for you :) 2. Have you considered custom ordering a brand new car from Munich (yes, I know the 1 series isn't made anymore, but the M235i is a fun little guy that is closer to an e46 replacement than any F30 today)? If you lease, you'd probably end up with a very similar monthly payment as a 4-yr old CPO, and full service and warranty as well! Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about custom ordering or leasing.
long term argument is valid. good luck with your search!
Those rims look sweet with the white car and black accents. Are those CF mirror caps from BMW or aftermarket?
+1 backing in, +1 end spot. This guy's ok in my book.
Are you not entertained?
I love how these early morning threads never have any Pac12 responses in the first 100 posts because we're all still sleeping.
Yeah
Ok. Switching from source being phone number to iCloud email is a COMPLETELY different scenario, and your recipients getting annoyed is now much more understandable. Your original post does not imply this at all, so that's why people were giving you flack. I suggest checking your iMessage settings and deleting all source accounts except for your phone number, then power cycle iMessage and see how it works the next time.
So that r/cfb has a ten offseasons to talk about it
tOSU, Bama, Penn State, TCU
My car has a twin turbo. That's more "efficient" than two extra cylinders so as far as I'm concerned I have an "efficient" car and thus have no problem parking in the "efficient and clean air" spots.
Then I thank you for not being like the others.
Because 65 is an arbitrary number. The safest speed is the speed of traffic. RELATIVE speed differences between cars is what causes accidents and traffic jams. So if everyone is going 85 and you are going 65, you are the one causing a risk of accident and definitely creating a backup behind you.
my hero
http://www.german-way.com/travel-and-tourism/driving-in-europe/driving/autobahn/driving-on-the-autobahn/ Mostly rules 1, 3, and 7. Driving in Germany completely changed my perspective on traffic laws and ever since I came back and now know how it SHOULD be done, driving here infuriates me.
I would assume Facebook has some cameras pointed onto the street. Having a HQ so close to EPA, I sure as hell would with that much money...
The refreshes on the m3 are all cosmetic and will trickle down to the m4 as well. The F80 did NOT have it's LCI like the F30 did, which makes sense considering it's 2 years old.
SEC would send 4 teams to the CFP because they only schedule cupcake home games out of conference AND have 4 OOC games, so they would all go 8-4.
that's the joke
I'm assuming this is a joke but I dunno how DG fares over there. In California DG is top-tier no doubt, but I'm guessing it's different out east.
oh wow. yeah for us top tier was DG and Alpha Phi
It's not about Richard being a non-majority holder, but about the # of board seats. There are 5: Richard, Erlich, Monica (reviga), and 2 for Russ. When Reviga bought out Russ's seats at the end of S2, they thus had 3/5 seats and could out-vote Richard and Erlich.
I didn't ask for his source because what he said made sense intuitively to me. You just saying 'he is wrong' is not intuitive. The manual saying the car should always be jumpstarted from the front seems reasonable. Thank you.
The offensive line.
I don't know the answer to that. I agree it's dumb if true.
100% cultural. Which brings me back to my original point. The driving CULTURE here is the issue, not the laws, or even the drivers themselves.
I've never touched the surface. Maybe scratches was the wrong word and I meant, "long narrow streaks" from who knows what.
I saw UCLA flair, and the word "arrested" in the titled and panicked. Don't scare me like that OP!
Oregon vs. Cal @ Levi's Stadium last year. Wild shootout, think it was like 45-42 at halftime.
Hundley is the obvious choice, so I'm going to go with Barr or Kendricks.
OP, that's a weird way to write "Open thread to bash Mark May"
Yeah you're completely right. We all may joke about how weddings on Saturdays in the fall shouldn't be scheduled and stuff, but you'd seriously be a horrible person for skipping the wedding of someone you love.
I'm guessing you're not a programmer. So I'll just say this: be very careful to not just assume someone who knows any programming knows all the ins and outs of software. More importantly though, software engineering is NOT the same as IT. I'm a software engineer and at my company when your computer "breaks" (very vague I know), you don't fix it yourself, you take it to IT.
Is gas-mileage your primary concern? Do you care about performance or handling? How much utility do you need, in term of passengers, cargo, AWD, etc.? What's your monthly budget, and how many miles do you drive per month?
ah nvm
Just sitting here waiting for an ASU flair to comment on the grammar.
If you haven't caught "Snoop and Son" on ESPN I highly recommend it (no pun intended). Completely changed my perception of Snoop, he seems like a great father, certainly as good as possible given his celebrity status and attention.
wow that's like the definition of "too far"
Where was there any violence in the Mora/Ulbrich episode?
only if he's brown
Yeah. Biggest difference here is that Snoop's son is actually a really good football player.
Rick Neuheisal recruited Combs, not Jim Mora
yep, exactly
the 2 series is beautiful at a great price HOW DARE YOU
that sounds uhh extremely unsafe not to mention reckless and endangering others on the road
oh shit /u/Honestly_ you're Persian too? I can't hate your flair anymore.
I love seeing Silicon Valley references in other subs.
Black only looks good when done right and OEM (aka F80/F82 437M's). IMO the black looks really bad here, definitely silver.
god damn you cause you're right, have an upvote
&gt; has huddled and decided This is what happens when a non-sports entity tries to write about sports
&gt; Celebrities are not supposed to be above the law. This
This isn't new, Rick told this story publicly even back when he was still the coach. Hell, I remember seeing him tour recruits on campus all the time. Never saw Mora do that.
You have a lot of money.
not sure if north or south rankings are more of a head-scratcher
How is that a Diddy joke?
yikes that's rough. I wouldn't wish that on my biggest enemy^oh^wait
whoh easy up there fellow bruin. We have as much chance of getting 1st place as we do getting 5th. Same with every other team except the Buffs (sorry guys :/). And Rosen hasn't proven anything yet.
Laurels are also the cheapest, mostly because they have the least "amenities" if you care. e.g. Tile countertops, no stainless still, white walls, etc.
ITT: my team goes undefeated and wins the national championship while shutting out my rival
Beautiful Sakhir Orange F80 ruined by some tacky mf
No, U.S. customers doing ED still are ordering US spec cars.
Saw this about 6 hours ago on 84 by Livermore
Doesn't matter if he can't make it from 51
Congrats. Getting your dream car with your own money is a fantastic feeling.
If you're getting a CS degree, what's the point of another major?
My entire work email is acronyms. Let me have this one moment of fully-expanded words.
There are no bars open at 6am here :/
If you get someone's cable login (like your parents), you get 80% of the games right there (ESPN*, FOX/FS1, P12, ...). Add an antenna for OTA games and you're at 95% with the only games missing being obscure like CBSSN and NBCSN.
As an Adidas school, Nike plz come to us we have money I think.
Ok no I agree those ones were actually awesome.
Solution: DVR gameday. Then you can skip through commercial and Rinaldi sob stories, pause to watch 9am games, and come back at halftime to finish.
No worries, to be fair we are in a thread about watching CFB while cutting the cord so your point is certainly valid.
Don't know if LA -&gt; The Bay counts (same state out here, but same distance is like 4 states apart in the east), but if so then I always try and at least go to the UCLA @ Cal/Stanford game in addition to 1 game at the rose bowl.
&gt; What do i need to know about stanford? What is their 2015 season looking like? They somehow always beat us in recent memory, so their 2015 season is looking like beating UCLA again.
Wrong Henry Samueli School of Engineering, but otherwise nice F82!
He will because winning a Natty is cake compared to getting P Diddy thrown in jail. He won't because Bill Synder placed a curse on him because he is a wizard.
There was one at Bimmerfest a month back, maybe the same one?
You still have one semifinal conflicting with people going out on east coast, and people still at work west coast. Plus then one team gets an extra day to prepare for the NC.
Uh... The Rose bowl is nowhere close to "just like any of the other bowls".
The playoff had Jan 2, a Saturday (which is CFB day) and it didn't want to budge from its "NY6" concept. That's not the Rose Bowl's fault.
Yeah in the last 48 hours
Source?
That was incredibly annoying and rude towards not only McCaffery but also Maria Taylor. Do players not have security for post game interviews they way coaches do? And more importantly, who was this guy if we was allowed on the field? It should be easy to determine since the Rose Bowl does not allow fans to rush the field (from personal experience).
Too easy
Miami already has
Because he likes gumbo /s
No, bmw would never make wheels that look like that.
I feel the opposite. I'd be shocked if he's still our HC come Tuesday morning.
Friendly reminder that UCLA plays at Texas A&amp;M week 1.
I hope you like runs up the middle on 1st down!
Colorado and Texas are both in one of the Conference footprints
That's because the Big10 is almost exclusively cold-weather territory and bowl games are almost always in warm winter destinations.
Doesn't southwest still have that free TV sponsored by Dish?
I believe the common "right" train of thought is to never put any money down on a lease. Personally, I have only done $0 down leases.
Just please drive carefully up 130 at night.
For leasing a 2016 X6, couple words of advice: 1. Don't put money down on a lease. Ever. 2. 10k down on a 84k car with a monthly of $967... that's an awful deal. With $0 down the monthly payment should be ~1% of the MSRP.
Yeah, Oregon ended up blowing FSU last year in a game that was close at half just like Clemson-Oklahoma this year, and that game blew this game out the water when it comes to ratings.
I was at the Coliseum for Washington @ USC this year. If I had known that was going to be Sark's last game... oh man.
&gt; What am I doing wrong here? You're doing your math with MSRP as the selling price. Which will have your salesman taking his wife out to a nice steak dinner tonight... and the next 30 nights. For selling price you should work invoice UP, not MSRP down. Unless you're trying to lease an M2 within the first year it exists, invoice + $500-$1000 BEFORE incentives is a great deal.
Ah
We get it, you guys won.
Edmunds.com, or better yet the actual BMW pricing guide
I've always wanted to go to Laguna Seca. What were the costs involved?
9 conference games? Now we're talking!
1. Clemson/Bama 2. Stanford 3. Ohio State 4. Bama/Clemson ...
National Championship game last year wasn't a blowout, and wasn't TCU ranked #2 in the final AP poll?
What bars are you going to?!?
The retention bonuses are chump change in the grand scheme of things for a financial entity the size of UCLA Athletics. Means nothing in terms of their future here. IMO 80% Mazzone is gone, but we might not hear about it for awhile because Mora is probably hoping A&amp;M or somewhere takes him so they can say he "moved on" vs. "fired".
Source?
Awesome, thanks for the insight! One last question, do you mind if I ask what company you used for track insurance?
Found the Seahawks fan
&gt; Scapegoating the coordinator never helped anyone but the head coach who buys himself another year or two. Bob Stoops would like a word.
What do you mean Nebraska isn't a big win?!?
Yes I agree with that. But I also don't think speeding is nearly as big of a problem as inattentive and otherwise less-skilled drivers are. I've driven in Europe where they have no speed limits and I felt more safe driving 150 mph in Germany than I do driving 80 mph here. And the difference is the drivers around me. We simply give out drivers licenses way too easily, and the result is a ton of people driving who really shouldn't be. If you can't handle an zipper merge into 80 mph traffic starting at 0 mph, you shouldn't be driving here.
Golfing in rain is awesome if you have the right gear.
Hmm, is that a Louisiana-specific thing? I've never heard of something like that to be honest.
brb, booking a flight to Louisiana
See? That seems absurd to me. Why even call those six other teams conference foes? That's basically just an OOC game at that point. "...oh and they last played in 2008, and 2002 before that..."
Who said they "demanded" to be part of the Playoff? The CFP asked the Rose Bowl if they wanted to be part of Playoff, they said yes. The CFP asked if they would move off NYD, they said no. CFP kept them in the playoff. Was that a mistake by the CFP? Probably. But as they've shown us, they think they can change the tradition of NYE which is stupid. So they let the Rose Bowl be. The Rose Bowl probably doesn't give a damn if it's part of the playoff or not, they're still The Rose Bowl.
Yeah just like a "well-informed member of a UCLA site said last week that Mora to the Dolphins was a done deal.
Why is there a homer call for Clemson but not for Alabama? Because of the SEC film room thing?
It's just a bizzare concept to someone born and raised in California. Over here it's 21 or gtfo
I get paid bi-weekly too. For monthly budgeting: monthly income = paycheck * 26 / 12
I've traveled plenty haha. Just tend to go out of country instead of out of state. Also, in case you ever come out here, don't call it "Cali" :).
Where in the world did you find a 1 bedroom for $1395 anywhere near North San Jose?!?
&gt; I think a lot of people just get tired from the weekday commute and don't want to spend another two hours on the road if they don't absolutely have to. This is exactly what I try and tell every single person who comes and posts on this sub every week saying "Moving for job in South Bay, but I insist on living in SF".
This is a terrible argument, that team should not have been ranked #1. The depth was way too shallow so a couple injuries and their season would spiral out of control, that was obvious from the preseason.
Wait really? No duck bros... you can do so much better.
yasssssssssss
Interesting, I didn't know that. Thanks for the insight!
No thanks
San Francisco becoming the basketball capital of the world? Yeah ok Bill...
Not our fault you go to bed at 10pm
So sorry to hear this. RIP.
Have you never played Bill Walton bingo?
&gt; BUT YOU WILL KICK THE SNOW OFF YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU GET INSIDE GOD DAMN IT DID WE JUST BECOME BEST FRIENDS?!?
Quite the opposite actually.
To each his own. The way I drive my car, no drink has a chance :).
I don't really follow recruiting (I didn't know who Mique Juarez was until today), so someone else can probably answer this better than I can.
[FLIGHT TRACKING COMMENCE](http://flightaware.com/live/findflight/KCLL/KLAX)
You're comparing Neuheisal years to Mora years though... It's not really a fair comparison.
No. It's fake because no coach would fly to interview for another job 72 hours before the national championship game.
If he knew you were talking to the other guy, just tell him the other guy had the car on the lot and he did not, that's it.
&gt; Between my wife and I, we make approximately between $3,800 to $4,000 a month. Before or after tax? If before, there's your answer. &gt; I was hoping someone would give me some advice, some recommendations on even apps I can use to have a better control of what I spend and cannot spend, something to open my eyes and give me a clear view of what we need to change. Mint.com
Even the late game started at 5pm here. Not everyone was home from work by then.
Also applies to early New Year's Eve when most of that demographic is still at work. 1pm kickoff on a workday for a national semifinal, you kidding me ?!?
If you don't like the lower tier bowl games then don't watch them. Some of us do.
No. More viewers is good for ESPN. The CFP organizers don't care except to negotiate the next deal.
&gt; The Rose Bowl pretends like it's never ever been on anything other than New Years Day in the late afternoon. Aside from the Sunday exception (see below), it has moved twice IIRC, both for BCSNG. &gt; Except it has been quite often since the inception of the BCS and it's on January 2nd many years (like next year) because they bend to the NFL when New Years Day falls on Sunday. The Sundays have nothing to do with NFL, since the Rose Bowl predates the NFL by many many years. It's Sunday because of church bells disturbing the horses in the Rose Parade, and also because when NYD is on Sunday, Monday is a federal holiday.
&gt; add an extra 30 minutes On ESPN? Dude add like 2 hours.
Don't go to espn then, go to watchespn.
I prefer "esquire" myself
The Rose Bowl is at 2pm pacific time. Sugar can't be at 11, you can't have a game kick off at 10pm local time. More realistically, since ESPN has the rights to both the Rose Bowl and the CFP, technically they could put the Rose Bowl on ABC and the CFP on ESPN at the same time, but I assume one if not both has an exclusivity clause. That and you're dividing ratings.
Here, quick refresher: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcygmUV-pNQ Bonus: Brent Musberger in here
Because Disney bid more money than CBS? And why did Disney have more money? Well partly because they have income from people who pay for cable, CBS does not.
I like every single one of your ideas more than the current system.
F30 &lt; F32 &lt; F36 &lt; F82 &lt; F80
Keep in mind his family still lives in LA.
Like the other guy said, never put money down on a lease. And if the payment is some nice number for 399, obviously it's a marketing ploy and you shouldn't take it. You need 4 numbers to calculate the monthly payment yourself: MSRP, negotiated cap cost, money factor, and residual.
Hey guys, how about letting someone new into the party?
Bruce Feldman just reported the same thing.
What price points do you consider really expensive and cheaper?
They have one that's exactly what you're asking for...
Ah, refreshing perspective.
Curious, what's a "2.5" car garage?
SFO for obvious reasons haha.
I see it as a bad thing because it's still a way to get a firearm on a train that would not otherwise be there. And once it's there, it may be used by someone who did NOT bring it on the train.
They are usually on 6-7 year cycles. F30 debuted for MY '12, so you can expect the G** generation for MY '18 or more likely MY '19.
Well Kiffin is calling the plays right? so bubble screen is the only answer.
Christian McCaffery. I was there live too... good god.
&gt; 2014: vs Stanford (#9) How is this Clemsoning? We were underdogs in that game.
That's what working from home is for
? I don't follow
7:30 is the best IMO. Good on ya Central timers!
Because CFB as a whole is mostly on cable aka ESPN. NFL is the only sport with the basic guidelines to have all games available OTA, which is why you see ESPN MNF games simulcasted on local OTA stations in local areas.
For the Rose Bowl? Well BUR would be geographically, followed by LAX. But my comment was really in jest, I fly into ONT quite often as my gf's parents live about 15 minutes away.
Yes I got that, but I don't see how we got from working from home to house arrest.
Awesome, you should update this thread again afterwards to let us know how the atmosphere was! And gl to your tigers!
Pictures!!!
LGB -&gt; Pasadena sounds like a nightmare. To be fair, Anywhere -&gt; Anywhere sounds like a nightmare haha.
QUICK QUICK PAC12 BUDS, WHO ARE WE SUPPOSED TO ROOT FOR?
No less than ONT
/u/CallsYouCunt DID YOU MAKE IT WE'RE DYING OVER HERE TO FIND OUT
Neither of us deserve to be ranked.
The game is in College Station, not Pasadena
I switched to Michelin Pilot Super Sports year-round. Best decision ever.
For Heavenly, buy at least 3 days in advance online for a decent discount. Not great, but way better than paying full price at the ticket window.
It 100% depends where you are going in tahoe. If north lake, then 80. South lake, 50. Don't overthink it :).
I remember going to opening night of the first Harry Potter movie at Century 21. Line went around the entire dome and then some.
You're going to kill Lee Corso jesus.
Week null
How you gonna doubt the Rosen one like that?
QB - Goff ($3) RB - McCaffery ($5) WR - Shepard ($1) Defense - Clemson ($4 ) Coach - Harbaugh ($2)
Aside from something unrealistic (like getting TCU's OC), this is the best-case scenario for me. Polamalu is hands-down my favorite position coach, he's really elevated our RB play and I think he totally deserves this promotion. Excited to see his scheme design. Since Mazzone was hospitalized in Dec., Polamalu designed some scheme for the Foster Farms Bowl which was used on the first drive. That first drive was also probably our most exciting offense drive of the season outside the Arizona game. Tui, well, nothing needs to be said. Dude is a stud when it comes to recruiting, but more importantly, anyone is an upgrade to coach Josh Rosen compared to Taylor Mazzone.
But your original point is still spot-on. When I was a student, it was common that over 2/3rds of my friends/classmates didn't care about football let alone go to the games.
I wish I had your confidence.
Only chance is if they really want to go to an actual college site and not a neutral site. But I don't see it, it's obviously going to be Bama-USC.
ITT: UCLA DB getting embarrassed badly
No, but a 2 series gran coupe has been rumored.
Don't think it'll happen under Mora unfortunately. But he's certainly gotten us way way way closer.
Wait how did I never see this? This is AWESOME!
UCLA has plenty of other battles to fight that take a much higher priority, trust.
Well the traditional "primetime" slot is 8pm EST so 8:30EST is much better than 5:30EST.
[Looks like new LA teams will use USC's stadium temporarily](https://twitter.com/dkaplanSBJ/status/687084752583540737)
Yes. UCLA already has the headache of an off-campus stadium, but at least it's the most historic and picturesque off-campus stadium we can have. We'll only move for an on-campus stadium IMO.
+1 for a solid Silicon Valley reference
But games are on weekends. How does carpool lane help?
Am I missing something? Aren't carpool lanes only during weekday rush hour?
Looks like a water pipe burst below a street.
Why does there have to be a catch? I for one applaud OP for building something to fix an annoying problem rather than just bitching about it.
With your flair combo I'm sure it was haha. But don't mistake big local news for big national news. Out here I would say the whole Sark fiasco was 20x a bigger story than Richt, for example.
Remove the concept of an "un-reviewable play/call/moment"
They don't mention NHL because they don't have NHL rights. They're #1 in CFB and #1 in CBB so of course those are going to be the two sports they televise the most.
already posted, please do a search
Protected how? Force the committee to pair the Pac12 and Big10 top4 teams (if they exist)? Or force another non-Rose-Bowl NY6 bowl to take a Pac12-Big10 matchup when the Rose Bowl is a semifinal?
Ok. In that case, no I'm not a fan of this proposal. It's the Pac12-Big10 matchup AT the rose bowl that makes it special. Without the rose bowl, no point in keeping that matchup IMO.
Cables are bullshit. They're guaranteed to last one use and then break. Well that's what the auto store guy told me anyways so I bought his chains. They broke the first time I used them.
That's because that's all that was reported...
Yes, that's what I've heard too. They live a couple blocks away from Mora.
OP why were you even on BruinNation? Arguably the worst sports-related website there is.
one win in four years and they start talkin'... :)
M-package is always worth it.
Update: ESPN was wrong. Kiffin was never offered. [Source](https://twitter.com/bruinreport/status/687863847625953282)
Depends on the year and model. Check the pricing guide PDF as always.
Expect FOX to get 100% of Big10 rights. Likely 1 game a week on FOX, 3 on FS1, rest on Big10Network. It'll be interesting to see how that will effect studio/gameday coverage of Big10 games on ESPN networks since they will be the only P5 conference ESPN won't have right to.
Wow... what a lineup
What's this color called? BMW blues are amazing.
That's why I laugh when people in California use seat warmers. My car even has a heated steering wheel, what the hell?
FoxSportsGo just needs to add Chromecast and Roku support
This guy fucks
Very true, but then don't complain when the quality of production goes down and they can't afford to pay the good commentators so you're stuck with lame ones.
Conference of Champions
Sorry I'm one of those people who actually likes Musberger, Fowler, Johnson, Lundquist, etc.
You don't have to buy cable bundled with other services either, it's just usually cheaper to do so. Sling provides a means of watching live television by "streaming" a particular television channel. The means of transporting that live television from source to client may differ (coax cable vs. IP), but the end product is the same. The cable box in sling's case is replaced by your device running Sling.
It did? (To us)
Any relation to Seali Epenesa, former UCLA NT?
Oh, I've never heard them categorized as such. Is that official BMW terminology?
What else do you want them to do, scale it to 3:4 and screw up all the vertical ratios?
Why kick is even an option I don't know. Bill Bellichek does though.
ELI5?
I love your hate, if that makes sense.
Thursday game can never create a short week, since pac12 scheduling rules dictate Thursday games have to come after a bye.
&gt; no FCS cupcakes Damn straight!
How should be real fib?
It's a high profile event.
Yes exactly, because it's normally at that venue. It's the fact that a football game is being held at racing track that makes it high profile, not just the fact there is an event at the track.
Is there some Baylor - Dr Pepper connection?
Neither, Harbaugh
Suoershuttle takes way too long unless your entire party is almost the size of the van so they can't make any other stops.
Jerry "All-Hair team 2015" Neuheisal
Have you looked at the ordering guide for your model year?
What about when the sponsor name is the presenter that comes after the name of the game?
We felt bad for Notre Dame so we decided to give them a break for a year.
Fantastic stuff. Only mistake was that they said "slacks". Jim Harbaugh does not wear slacks. I won't even say what he does wear instead, it's a phrase as common on this sub as "4th and 5, Vince Young".
AirBnb is your friend.
&gt; Schedule an AM call to say what you're going to do then a PM call to say what you did. Wait people do that? Why don't you just do what you're going to do anyways and not waste everyone's time going around in a circle sharing? Sounds highly unproductive.
Everytime I get a loaner I try and be friendly with the guy and ask him if he has anything better than a stripper 320i or 328i, and he always says no :(.
16 is way too big of a conference. Even with a 9-game conference schedule (as it should be *wink*), that's only 2 of 8 divisional opponents every year. What's the point of calling it one conference then?!?
Yeah, I know they probably have rules like "these loaners are for F22/F30/F32 owners, these are for F10 owners, these are for SUV owners, etc."
Pac12 - USC + South Carolina b/c that would be hilarious
Yep which is why I think 10 should be max. Round robin, one true champion, yada yada yada.
start up?
Bullshit, real bmw owners know e46 is where it's at.
Whoh Whoh "inb4" doesn't mean it's a bad thing. I don't see anything wrong with you posting it, just knew someone would comment on that fact at some point.
I've had great success tweeting correctly @Pac12Networks, they're extremely helpful and willing to point you in the right place. If I recall, a lot of those Football In 60 videos are available on demand on their website.
The $2800 he gets back at the end.
No way you're getting away with just one pic bro... Keep em coming! Edit: forgot to scroll down whoops
Just realized I wrote 30k but I meant 20k.
Connor Haliday definitely deserves a shout out here.
If you can afford the M235i then get it.
Yes absolutely. It's really annoying but people do this to me all the time.
I'm sorry but if you have to ask, maybe you shouldn't get a BMW. Us enthusiasts knew the minute we first drove one that we would be driving BMWs. It's not for everyone. I know this sounds harsh and I'm going to get downvoted for it, but if you don't fall in love the minute you drive a BMW then why spend all the extra money on one?
I always use my turn signals, the three-click feature before the resistance point is a god send.
I always use my turn signals, the three-click feature before the resistance point is a god send.
Hey hey, don't forget who has Snoop now
Well you'd be 2 hours away from the game so you'd probably have to skip the bar and jump in a car real quick.
f80 to RS7, nice life
Did you close the poll? When I try and submit it says poll is no longer accepting responses.
Ah, didn't know it was stick-only
Can confirm, all 3 Oregon kids I know are rich white kids I grew up with in the Bay Area
You sound like the exact person who would benefit from taking the ACE train.
aka super bowl security sweeps
same point still applies
Based on what? I've negotiated several used German luxury cars, and many of my friends have too.
This just proves the point you were trying to argue against. A reasonable house in this area is "unreasonable" on a 100k income. Let that statement sink in.
You forgot car payment and student loans.
Born and raised, believe me, I know
Both Washington schools going up, Arizona schools going down.
Highway 27 and 270 go right through Pullman
Eric Kendricks, dude led the Vikings in tackles as a rookie this year and was named NFC north rookie of the year.
Brent Musberger and Bill Walton
It comes down to how much you want to spend on your car per month, for the next ten years or so.
We already do every week, if we know what's good for us. Also he called the Sun Bowl 2 years ago, so he knows at least half of the players names already (yeah right).
There was no way this was ever going to be a night game because that would have required it going up against USC Alabama, which is sports media suicide. CBS isn't stupid.
Same reason Oregon - Washington was on FS1 two years ago, it's to build exposure for the network. Otherwise they would put it on FOX.
Hire someone local to manage the property for you and interact with tenants so you don't have to do it remotely from out of state.
If your budget is 3-4k, cut it in half and keep the other half for maintenance costs. That'll last you maybe the first year of maintenance?
It's on the wrong side first of all, so immediately no.
From everything I hear, BTN is a huge upgrade over P12N so at least there's that.
Surprised to see it on ESPN and not ESPN2. I think this is the first year we've seen Friday Night CFB on the mothership and not the deuce.
OH IT'S ON
Dude... not chill
They could have the RRS as a lead-in to MLB playoffs on FS1.
It's one thing if people were complaining about games being on FS2 or Pac12 Networks, both of which have serious carriage issues. But FS1 should be in every cable plan as ESPN2, if not ESPN. So people need to calm down.
&gt; It was just really bad. They continuously beat the dead horse You mean like every post-game interview in every sport on every channel?
FMG
Rule #1, never ever ever tell the dealer "I want $X/month payment. $400 -&gt; $297 wasn't 'magic', $2700 / 36 months is $75/mo. But it doesn't matter because Rule #2 is never ever ever put money down on a lease. For leasing you need to know 4 numbers: MSRP, negotiated cap cost, money factor, and residual %. Nothing else matters, and the monthly payment is a simple mathematical formula based on those 4 numbers.
I was approved for the IHG card on 4/15. I hit the $1000 minimum spend 2 weeks ago and my next statement closes on June 8th. When can I expect to see the 60,000 IHG points in my IHG account, and is there anyway to expedite this process? I'm trying to use these points to book a hotel in Osaka for end of June but it might be too late :/.
1. 746 EX, 757 TU 2. BoA Cash Rewards 3/2012 Quicksilver 5/2014 United MPE 8/2014 (closed) CSP 7/2015 Amex PRG 3/2016 Amex SPG 3/2016 Freedom 3/2016 IHG 3/2016 Ink+ 4/2016 (denied) British Airways 4/2016 3. Targeting points, for both international business class and domestic (any class) 4. 90k United, 10k UR, 52k MR, 55k Avios 5. SJC/SFO 6. I'm ok for near-term travel, really trying to stockpile my points for now, and especially bulk up some hotel points since I only have IHG right now.
I already SM'd them, they said they would do it but only after the 60k posts.
:)
not a bad idea
Because you don't want to have fun?
In all seriousness, maybe he's just pissed he overpaid for his F32. Ask him if his car cost over $65,000. Because if not, it's not an M4.
Awesome DP, thank you
thatsthejoke.gif
Depends if there's another CFB game at the same time. If so, only one can be on the national feed.
Do you not like ethnic food?
Dude I've been up for close to 24 hours straight and I'm absolutely delirious right now so first of all, right on for taking the time to respond to all of that in such detail. I can tell you're very determined to make your point which is admirable. Hopefully I'll remember to come back and actually read this long reply when I've had some sleep, the only thing I gathered was something about 8-11 primetime being "a fact" so any game that kicks off at 10:30pm must be primetime? One question, does this mean that if I have a regular weeknight TV show that airs from 10:45pm-11:45pm, that TV show is in "primetime"? After all, by your "factually correct" opinion, it's only the start time that matters.
I hate Trump as much as the next guy, but OP is spot on. If you don't want people do vote for him, the LAST thing you should be doing is violently protesting and taunting/attacking his supporters. It's just feeding directly into his crazy points and it's only going to drive more people to vote for him, not less.
Recent DP: applied to Ink+ and BA same day. Both initially two weeks, Ink+ changed to 7-10 days and ended up being a denial. BA stayed at two week message until I got the card in the mail.!
Yeah but everyone is kind of bored of gameday's with Alabama, no offense.
There's base, sport (704), and adaptive m sport
Its traditional BMW amber at night, and white during the day. Same as the new LCI Climate control display.
With roommates yes, but it's gone go up in price if it's anywhere close to a Caltrain station.
That's not exactly short either... But this is in the Bay Area which is BMW's #1 or #2 market in North America.
I use ONR no-rinse wash. Uses less than 3 gallons of water total and I can do it in my driveway. I'd like to see a commercial car wash do that!
&gt; One bad read, one bad coverage, or one bad pass Did you purposefully leave out "one bad punt attempt"?
If you're in D (and not DS) and you use the paddle shifters to change gears manually, after a few seconds the transmission will go back to D on its own.
My friend and I both went to [this](http://www.yelp.com/biz/quality-auto-glass-and-tint-santa-clara?osq=auto+tint) guy in the South Bay. It's been over a year now and we're both incredibly pleased with the workmanship and quality. He carries 3M products exclusively. In terms of price, for my 2 door coupe it was $250 for the cheaper product, and $300 for 3M color stable which I ended up getting. We also got a $50 discount for doing 2 cars at once.
&gt; or just bump it into sport mode if your goal in shifting was more torque, then back into normal automatic. this
Myles Jack :(
Good luck, I didn't :(
Yeah but then you have to drive a Mercedes...
What airport out of Canada, any airline requirements, and do you get to book and reimburse all this travel or does the company pay up-front?
Compared to what?
:( I'll go wilt in a corner.
&gt; drive me up to a Benz dealer in his XJ so I could seem rich and go test driving them for fun epic
Need to know budget first. If it's $10k, we're talking e36 M3, etc. If it's $40k, we're talking E92 M3. If it's $75k, we're talking F80 M3. And it it's $100k, we're talking F10 M5.
I think it's referring to his record at Nebraska last year? I mean 9/4 for Bo Pelini made sense because it was such a comical recurring stat, but Riley only has one year under him at Nebraska.
What about it? I've driven several AMG cars, they still feel more like luxury cars than sports cars but that's just my opinion.
What year is it?
Personal cards yes. I believe business + personal will still be 2 pulls.
I would assume so, I'm not really familiar with the nuances of leasing mercedes since not many people do it (at least compared to BMW).
Interesting DP
I'm just surprised there's an interstate.
&gt; If you're willing to pay more for a 435I you might as well consider a M2. The M2 is an awesome car but I only go to the track 2-3 times a year so I don't think I need it. Plus, I would have needed to get on an allocation list months ago to work with my timing and even if I had done that the M2 leases horribly (at least initially) so it's not really a consideration for me. &gt; No where to put my phone (1st world problems, i know). My phone doesnt fit in the center console cupholders I put mine in my cupholder and it's perfect. How big is your phone? &gt; fuel tank is tiny. even though im getting about 22mpg the tank is like 13 gallons, so it feels like it drinks gas (i dont drive it in sport mode 24/7 either) 13 gallons is what the F32 is too, I agree it's on the smaller side but I'm used to it.
Thank god we dumped Adidas then.
Leaving poor Mike Tirico standing there going, "what the hell did I come for NBC for then?"
DP: Met min spend on IHG card a couple weeks ago, statement closed yesterday. Bonus points were deposited in my IHG account today.
Have you had a statement close since hitting the min spend?
Hmm if statement ended 5/18 I would have expected to see your points by now.
I'll tell you on September 4th. Deal?
Sucks to be your friend
&gt; USC should really hate UCLA. On five separate occasions, demonstrably superior USC teams have lost to UCLA, often with a conference or national title on the line :)
&gt; Under Armour has committed to opening at least two retail stores in the Los Angeles area including one in West Los Angeles during the first two years of the contract. Damn, UA going after LA hard
All of them
whoh TIL
SAN JONSE SHARKS
e46 M3
Damn, this picture just convinced me to get the M Performance Diffuser on my M240i order, makes a huge difference.
Are those orbit grey 398s on an E82? How did that happen?
The X5M is a monster and may not be for everyone, go try it.
&gt; The first is a 36k mile 2013 328xdrive in estoril blue with packages: Sport line, M-sport, Lighting, Premium, Cold-weather. You're getting some misinformation here, can't have Sport line and M-sport it's one or the other. And since Estoril Blue II is an M-sport exclusive color, this car doesn't have sport line. That said, car #1 &gt;&gt;&gt; car #2 based on the information you have given and it's not even close.
Not nearly nice enough for Nebraska fans, try again.
You're absolutely right, and I certainly didn't seem to suggest it WILL happen this year. I'm just saying that in my opinion, it's not THAT bold of a prediction. Oregon State being bowl-eligible this year, that's a bold statement IMO. Stanford is probably the strongest team in the Pac12 seeing as the south will just beat each other up. So let's say Stanford loses to Notre Dame (very realistic, especially at South Bend), Oregon (because the weaker of the two seems to always beat the better of the two to ensure the Pac12 is left out of the national championship), and one Pac12-South team (please just beat USC for me). There are your three losses, and I think it's a pretty realistic situation. Of course, watch exactly that happen but another non-UCLA Pac12 team win 11 games :(.
Does Michigan last year count?
Sorry to revive this, but if you call recon the next day or later for the 2nd card app is another new pull?
Applied for 2 Alaska cards on Saturday night. First was approved with 13k limit, second went pending. Have one other BofA card I've had for over 4 years, and been checkin/savings customer for over 10 years. Do I wait for the letter to come in the mail or call recon now for the second card? If call, what do they usually ask on this call and how do you answer "why do you need two of the same card?"
Yes it's the F83.
&gt; At least the tolls would eliminate carpool cheaters quick as I'm sure the fines would be enforced more heavily. Doubtful, they barely enforce it on 237/880 toll lanes.
E92 or F30?
Then it's just like you said, no big difference. 2013 is the last year of the N52 engine AFAIK, so it's probably fair to assume the engine is relatively reliable.
Weather for one thing.
E90? E92?
CFN is just jealous we live in California, that's it. Right?
Seems really low for south bay, unless they expect the 1 adult with no dependents to get roommates.
The ferry is absurdly easy, I just took it last month. It was less than $1 USD.
If you want to go to SE Asia on OneWorld from the west coast, time to look at CX availability.
I'm flying SQ LAX-NRT next week, but in J. Interesting to hear this flight won't be an A380 much longer :/.
Don't have enough SQ miles, and J is good enough for me :).
If you look at the redirect URL or the page source, I imagine the offer type must be embedded somewhere.
On my recon call I just said I'd like to have two cards since I fly Alaska both personally and for work up and down the west coast and this way I can separate my work flights which I then get reimbursed through my work.
I'm the same as you and I feel like my score should be higher than it is.
That picture in the snow looks so badass
Car budget: 4.5k Maintenance budget: 4.5k
I was exploring a creek with these two girls in high school off of Hicks road and we came across a skeleton decaying under a tree. Above it attached to a tree branch was a noose made of garden hose. Ended up calling the police, leading them to it, quite an interesting ordeal :/.
I would recommend Redwood City. On the Caltrain line between PA and SF, up and coming area with decent downtown.
I currently have this card, and I'm seeing this offer in an incognito tab.
Not that bad at all actually
And beating us :(
I think I got a fancy case for my keyfob with the dealership name engraved.
&gt; but almost no functionality The M-sport steering wheel and sport suspension alone are enough of a functionality upgrade to justify the cost IMO.
If you're getting a BMW for your daily commute, then I assume you do care about driving dynamics even on the way to/from work. If so, you're going to notice the difference.
Yeah seriously. I think his site is a good read for the absolute beginner, but once you get a few cards and start reading this site it's laughably bad. Probably doesn't matter since those few cards will be Chase cards if TCG (I call him "The Chase Guy") has anything to do with it.
My problem is that Chase cards are ALWAYS the top of his lists and he finds a way to sneak a hidden CSP referral link in every article.
Are there no Lufthansa redemptions to be had for 26k or less? What about using LH miles to book U.S. domestic flights on UA?
&gt; ICN to SFO (land on or a couple of days before ~Aug 6) 92.5k in Prestige on KAL Am I missing something here? I'm booked on KE23 ICN-SFO in Prestige class next week and I paid 62.5k miles, not 92.5k. I'm also flying KIX-ICN-SFO not just ICN-SFO but that shouldn't matter here. Are you sure 92.5k isn't for First class? edit: I see, your dates fall into the Peak season for Korean's award chart. Wow, 92.5k for J-class? I think you can definitely do better.
I was just in HKG last month and went to the Plaza lounge (was flying CX Y class so didn't have access to CX lounges). I used United club passes to get into Plaza so we got to skip the pay line and also had access to the airline-invitation-only section of the lounge (which was completely empty and much nicer, compared to the pay area which was absolutely packed at 7am in the morning).
Ok so just get ED like you should be doing anyways and that guarantees you get a German build.
I'm plenty social and I still prefer text over voice when it comes to communicating with banks, insurance, etc.
Good lord, that beautiful frozen white and then... That.
On an M4? Idk what the code of the standard 18" wheel is since everyone seems to pay the $1200 for the 19" 437M wheels.
That's a terrible deal, payment should be closer to $500 than $600. Also, they're marking the MF up the max amount, should be .00138
But then Amtrak, ACE, HSR, etc. can't use tracks between SJ and SC. How would the Amtrak Coast Starlight operate?
But shouldn't the priority be more standard gauge rail so multiple services can use it?
Someone tell me, should I go get my popcorn?
I love that red/blue stitching on the F8x steering wheels, it's the tits.
There's no point in moving to SF to spend more time with your BF if you're going to be spending all your time commuting. Why do you have to accept the terrible commute for his benefit? Why can't he meet you halfway? You guys should live in Redwood City or something, he can take Caltrain to SF for work and you can take an Apple shuttle or Caltrain down to an Apple shuttle.
3 hr. high-speed train ride in europe &gt;&gt;&gt; 1 hr. plane flight. Speaking for multiple experiences.
TSA doesn't work at SFO, they have a private security force. So there should be no impact to SFO concerning the TSA staffing shortages.
Rest and vest, just like BigHead
Yes but by your logic my 4 series would ALSO be a 3 series.
ITT: The big 2 teams in each conference, plus Washington and Tennessee.
yeahhhhhhh he's done
&gt; And especially because they would match the surrender whites... LAA LAA LAAAAAA I CAN'T HEAR YOU. WE DO NOT SPEAK OF THOSE THINGS.
on the 405
"#OnlyAtUSC" Uh, UCLA literally did this two years ago.
&gt; and then push the clips down and push out This single step took me over 1 hour to do. I don't know if I'm just a noob or what, but it was really, really difficult.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
I hope you forgot the sarcasm tag. Because I know it's the Stanford ban, but that's just beyond uncool (more than usual for the Stanford band I mean).
Ok Scoop marketing team, we hear you.
&gt; And many mass shootings don't ever make the news because they're stopped by non-police civilians. Do you actually believe that if the Orlando shooter had been killed by someone inside the club with a gun instead of a police officer it would NOT have made the news? Think about that for a second...
Those track diagrams look sick, I wish it was higher resolution.
The National Championship Game :(
ayyyyyye Temple fam
I got 2 of the 30K + $100 offers a few weeks back.
Unfortunately that's still too low-res to read the words on the diagram in order to make sense of it.
Probably because it's the best car BMW makes currently relative to the price.
No, they need to make the public transport connections great so there's no reason to drive. Amtrack and ACE both go right there.
CF caps are a must, I'll never understand why they gave the M235i silver caps instead of body color.
CTRL+F 'UCLA' :(
They market it as a great way to get to/from DTMV from NSJ / Levi's but it goes through all of north sunnyvale / Bayshore to get there. It might honestly be faster to take Caltrain to Santa Clara and then take Amtrack/ACE from there.
The better use of mass transit would be the UP line that goes right through the middle of this development from north to south. Aside from 4 ACE trains a day, 1 Coast Starlight, and a couple Amtrak CCs it's not really used. Part of this project should be to double-track the whole segment from Alviso to Santa Clara IMO.
This isn't by the whole foods, that's south of 101.
Not Lafayette! It's my favorite secret to get through traffic on my commute :(.
On our side of what? All the empty land is on Santa Clara property.
\^Found the guy who got screwed on a lease payment years ago :)
Did you get the official M-perf ones? I got mine from ebay after the fact. Initially the quality seemed great but almost 2 years into them now they are starting to show some wear around the edges.
I totally agree, but I don't think the marsh crossing over the bay can be double-tracked for environmental reasons.
USC firing Lane Kiffin on the airport tarmac.
I know, I'm including that as the middle double-track portion. Basically I'm saying from Alviso to and through Fremont station you go single-double-single with the station in the double section. Whereas the Great America station is on a single-track section.
The MY17 ordering/pricing guides were released about 2 weeks ago.
"Down under" --&gt; "Down over"?
dat Hawaii rule
Get your spare underwear ready.
You don't nut yourself over Pac12AfterDark? You guys are doing it wrong.
Express trains should really be "express" trains. Yes, they don't have to stop at as many stations but they still have to stop at every red light unless they give express trains 100% red-light priority (meaning they'll never have to stop at an intersection like how Caltrain works) and I don't see that happening.
Hell yeah! Lafayette-&gt;Central-&gt;DeLaCruz-&gt;Coleman, used to do that every day.
Fair enough. Personally I consider anything east of 880 to be ESJ/Milpitas, but that might be a little unfair to the Brokaw area.
I know what you meant, I was just making fun of the "down under" nickname for Australian
Username checks out ;). Too bad my company uses perforce.
http://www.travelcodex.com/award-search-results/?airport_from=SFO&amp;airport_to=MCO&amp;mode=basic So you're not going to get any lower than 25k RT in Y, unless you look at WN (transfer from UR). In J class, SQ at 40k RT seems to be the sweet spot, can also transfer from UR. Goes without saying, but if you're going to spend 25k RT in Y definitely use AA or UA miles instead of wasting the more-valueable UR/TYP.
&gt; it seems spending these points is harder than collecting them Yep, but that makes it all the more rewarding when you find some killer trip where you get 5+ cpp.
