Would buy a beer.
I just watch a movie or browse reddit in bed until I fall asleep. If I'm not sleepy I keep on watching / browsing until my eyes are heavy. Same thing right?
No that's just being a dumbass.
Get some self respect girl, this isn't a healthy relationship.
Elaborate on that last part.
No, Staten Island is the safest.
That made me laugh more than it should.
Uh, I wouldn't want you as my kids pediatrician sorry.
ITT: Everyone finds what they're looking for.
No...no he doesn't :-/
I'm sorry but this is pure comedy...I can see this in one of those cheesy sitcoms... I do hope that cat comes back, for your sake.
So, what's the update? You single OP?
Oh hell no, screw that job. I felt extremely dirty and sick just reading this. Ugh!!
Also Ashley is a guys name I've heard.
Thanks for your response, that makes me feel better.
Asking the important questions...
Maybe I'm an asshole but I would ask for her to get it back after the dance. Maybe have her exchange it would another piece of jewelry that doesn't have yall name engraved on it.
Just make sure she doesn't give away the engagement ring :/
Serious question. Is eggs and bacon everyday bad? Only using the grease from the bacon to cook everything. No butter or other oils. Salt and pepper to taste. No bread. Just eggs and bacon. Is that still bad diet-wise?
7 slices of bread!?! Can you find the source on that?? What about rum? I love a good rum and coke.
Ok this PS4 joke...I don't get :/
Seriously, how does insurance on a ring work? Can't someone just claim its lost and hide it? Do they get the full cost of the ring back?
What sort of style ?
Well hello there...
Is it free? For android only?
So they don't get bigger when thrown into the lake right? Seems silly to ask but just making sure.
Exactly what I was thinking. The choice is being made for home now, and for his adulthood. The parents are basically determining his diet for the rest of his life.
OP PLEASE ANSWER THIS.
Old enough to make... So that's like what 5 - 7 years old? Will he have a choice then?
She was tied up and crying though...
How do you think they got naked?
The best deodorant I've ever used. Doesn't stop the sweating, but I can have a full active day without any smells. It's such a relief that even though I'm crazy sweaty there's no scent.
I'm sorry, I don't understand how you aged so much? Other than losing tons of weight, you literally look like 70 now... how old are you?
Do you hold your breath for 30 secs too?
I don't know I would be really happy with 10 rolls of sushi.
&gt; /r/rapingwomen WTF IS THIS? The graphics alone on the page is fucking disturbing, are you kidding me????
Smooth.
Happens enough in NYC for everyone to be rightfully afraid of them. You can fall at least 20 feet into god knows what and break your ankles or worse.
Things I wish I didn't click today....now I feel sick to my stomach :(
Is he dead? I can't imagine this fitting in someone :-/ He must have been insanely big.
Those roots!
How do they upkeep the roots? That would be my only anxiety in coloring my hair.
&gt; I thought lemons make your skin photosensitive? Then you do it at night before bed.
Not WTF. Mildly interesting more like. Also, is this gonna be come a thing now? Showing off our bloody instruments?
This picture is so old, so reposted, you should feel ashamed of yourself :(
You're lucky, it's always someones bag or privates for me :-/
Unsubscribe.
Immediately made me gag, thanks.
omfg.....
My first thought was his downstairs neighbors must hate him.
My cousin did an under cut like that, it was cool for a week then started looking like an overgrown maze. I don't think I could handle the constant upkeep. Looks cool tho.
These look cool but aren't they a bitch to maintain?
When you see a doc he will tell you. Reddit can't help.
Aha!!! I just started watching GoT!! I got this joke!!! I got it!!
I bought one for $375 off CL (NY), I love mine but I prob used it under 10 times.
There's a lot of incest in this thread :-/
Damn that's pathetic :-/
How could she possibly sleep with that bright ass light next to her? :(
Are those dreads in her hair? Or just matted?
Well not in my adult years, but when I was in HS I followed my best friend who I had a crush on to his Catholic youth group. I guess I thought it would bring us closer together. I only stayed for a couple years, most of the people our age stopped going once they turned 18 anyway. But we are great friends still (10 years later), and I joke about that with him still. We never got in a relationship, just ended up being best friends :)
Mine usually leaks the first couple days, not sure why. Especially when I get up from my sleep, some seeps out and it's not even FULL :(
I highly doubt she uses half a roll in one sitting.
Wasn't this asked just yesterday or something? :/
Been there! Makes you not want to sleep and savor the curly goodness. If you're lucky, it will look even better waking up.
What is this airbnb?
Was not showering for 4 months part of the therapy?? I would be even more depressed if I looked/smelled like crap.
I wouldn't hire you :/
She didn't smell anything?
She didn't smell anything?
lmao pls update.
BWB more like.
I just browsed through that sub and left deeply disturbed. Those posts are downright uncomfortable :/
Goddamn.
You're not finding that in NYC. Only mech e. Gotta go upstate or another state.
That's so messed up :( hope she gets him back soon.
Ew
Yeah...fuck everything about that... that's not love...your marriage will crumble so bad. You can't gain any wait (forget being pregnant), you can't have an off day to just laze around... what the hell is that???
But the bags aren't reusable are they? And how much per bag?
TIL, thought u just threw them away!!
Go to Park Slope pls.
My weakness...
My pos iphone will die at 33%, but usually only when it's extremely cold outside.
Are you sure the second one is only photoshop? I didn't think they would go through the trouble of creating a new hairstyle when they could do it before photoshop?
:) I can't wait to see it! Are you going to update the post when it's launched? RemindMe! 2 hours
It's not.
Yeh his family :(
I hate you.
Lol how to spot a white guy. No offense lol.
Why would you even try that nasty ass recipe?
I think you're the lady I was speaking to about color a while back. I'm scared to take that permanent plunge since my hair is just starting to be healthy again (lots of bleaching in the past). I was always curious if there's a certain style of coloring that looks good even with new growth? Something that won't look as odd if the user decides not to re-color again. The only thing I can think of is some sort of an ombre....
Brownsville.
Curious what's your current provider?
I need that skill.
I had the same problem with att locked iPhone. Att has a unlock request website and they unlocked it in under 2 mins no joke. Now only if T-Mobile would push that port along...
You're right. It won't last more than 2 seconds in there. As soon as she stands up woooooshhh.
Pretty much.
What's the easiest / safest place to sleep if someone isn't fussy?
Bruh
Did you fight it? I wouldn't pay that shit
Why didn't you adopt Regina :(
Was your bf dealing crack ?
Seems like a good riddance to me, what is he offering that's so worthy you're willing to overlook his lack of ambition and ignorant logic?
Don't you talk bad about bacon!
Never heard it so maybe only in your slice of town
Yeh and my second toe is longer so only that one will be peeking. Not cute :(
Wtf is that. Dude get a kryptonite chain.
I always thought it sounded like you're bunking it with a stranger which is odd but I'm sure it's your own room.
I know an all you can eat spot for $20 a person but no drinks. Best sushi I ever had in the most unsuspecting neighborhood. Good luck!
This is your work?
I think the curry scent is more about it being stuck on your clothes than your body. One of my friends is Indian and he regularly smells like curry because his mom cooks it all the time. But it's his clothes not like his skin haha.
Screw your sister, keep the damn dog. I'm willing to bet he's in better hands with you. The child (which I think bob is lying about) will be okay, esp after almost a year of not having the dog.
Reddit is like therapy, sometimes asking the questions out loud makes you answer it on your own. Please keep Steve!!
Move back to Canada at least you have citizen ship there. But if you prefer to stay in shitty US, get a gf and marry her. Have GC in under a year. Really you don't have much choice if employer won't sponsor you.
You got some hairy girly legs.
Why does it do that? Space bar used to always work for me. Also my Netflix sometimes doesn't pause with space bar, it just makes the window un-maximize. Makes me sad.
My heart hurts for those shoes, does he have no idea?!
Goddamit, I haven't had my ref used in so long :'(
I know so many dealers I could make a fortune but they're cool people / friends, I won't turn them in.
When you're interested in someone and have to ask if they have kids :(
Wow all these points make India sound super scummy, doesn't help I'm a woman. Would still love to visit though :(
Damn I hate surprise snow, but I'm in NYC so I could easily hop on a train if it's that bad. I'm guessing you don't have that option so you'll have to ride very carefully and slowly.
Dude you just changed my life. Now I need some friends to pull this off.
How the heck do you look 35 in high school ?!
Everything I was thinking. Iceland is so colorful and vibrant I just can't deal with it being in black and white.
No longer than 30 mins thankfully. I rarely take the subway to encounter any serious delays. But I have waited over an hour for a train once at like 4am haha. Never again.
Oh I didn't know you eat it... Damn I'm a pervert :-/
Commenting to check later.
Ocean and Ave M, best cheap sushi ever :)
What are you doing to my wallet 😫
What are you doing to my wallet 😫
Commenting to check in later. I've wondered this myself.
She's full of shit if she was naked.
No it's horrible don't come here.
no sleepovers? :-/
Seriously? I'm 28 and just learning this.
Don't.
Cuny ftw! Love that I have no loans/debt (yet). Nursing school I'll prob have to take out a loan.
The Ridiculous 6 on Netflix and Bad Gampa. Haven't laughed that much in a long time.
The scariest one yet.
Swore I saw this like 8+ years ago.
Not something you can be THAT honest about. Your choice.
Oh man I need to find that movie now.
Yeh kind of creepy for someone's mom to keep trying to bang HS boys....
Ha that's pretty much my hair but mine is below shoulders. Happy that someone appreciates the curly fro!
They can use a hair pick to fro it out more. Some already have that texture so doesn't take much to get that volume. Mine is too curly :(
Holla!
It says it will ship feb 7 at lowest drop price? Not sure what that means but it charged me $36
Funny cuz I was pronouncing it as "low-boro".
Wtf
Damn that's a lot of blood :(
can you see 3D now? Double vision?
Did the doc say you may get worse vision in that eye since it's basically useless? How much of a risk is it for the eye to stray again?
Report back if you're able to see them.
Crazy eyes o_o
I was thinking getting a rack similar to that. What's the best way to keep stuff from flying off? A net and bungee cords? I still can't decide between a front or rear rack tho...
I think he swerved around since he was going pretty fast. Maybe if he slammed his breaks he would have hit the car.
Word I could never not have a break and want to smack anyone who tries to tell me to take it out. Sometimes my knees hurt and I can't skid all the time.
Fack can we do another weekend? Me and my bf would be down. Just that his car got damaged so he can't drive. He's preparing for a month long Appalachian hiking trip in a couple months too.
I think the oil build up on the blade would bother me. I use a safety razor right now.
I don't know any restaurant I'll ever wait over 45 mins for. Especially for meh food.
Ew he microwaved raw meat. Fucking gag.
Gonna do a test of Shea butter all over then seal with Vaseline.
Stop making excuses and and say "no, and please do not ask for it again, it's making me very uncomfortable and I need you to stop. If you really need to see a photo, look at what's online publicly." Just be firm and to the point. Don't let people run over you just because it's the norm in your job. Stand up for yourself and fuck what anyone says.
It's called having a spine and respecting yourself. Fuck that guy.
You sound like a couple of 13 year old idiots jeez.
Yeh I like how there were like 2 paragraphs of her buttering him up. Gfto
Sleepwalking?
I won't be at my computer until Monday but I saved your google drive link. Please don't delete the files from Google as yet!!!
It's the hood, what you think?
does it work on clothes?
Shit that's sad! Ugh, and her bf was on the phone too. I couldn't imagine that sinking feeling when she didn't respond.
Why is everyone so damn happy?
Welcome to NY! I get anxiety whenever I have to ask the station agent a question.
What's Tmus?
Hey what's your IG? maybe we can explore on my days off/after work. I've been shooting for about 10 years. I'm more into street/documentary and some long exposure/night scenes.
I wish it was in lower manhattan closer to my job :(
Well the person wearing it is clearly a man, but I'm sure a woman could pull it off.
Nyer, street photography, in the moment kind of stuff, lots of food. @bikesnbacon
Eat at the best sushi restaurant there is. Eat until you can't look at fish anymore. I would Airbnb a private place (still cheaper than a hotel) and spend the money on food and activities.
Can I get in on this
Try looking on Yelp and using the cost filters for $
You made it seemed as if you were black out drunk and woke up to her stuffing a cucumber up your balloon hole.
Dude I feel drunk just looking at those photos. Shit made me dizzy lol.
That's amazing.
Have any photos of it on the A7? That's the camera I have too. Are you also selling the OM adapter? Have any photos showing the bokeh? low light?
Goddamn I'm tempted.
Oh goddamn you T_T
🙄
Damn who makes a joke like that tho?
Fuck yes. What am I supposed to do after that? We might be friends but this kills the relationship.
Caribbean - curry chicken roti, curried crab and dumplings.
Baked potato. And I don't care for French fries.
Yah, that's how my neighbor died. I was really close to him too, he was always in my apt chatting it up. But he got really sick 2 years ago and just dropped dead. No one heard from him, fam out of state, no answer to his door. I just thought he was out of town. Eventually it started to smell and we couldn't blame the garbage anymore...worst day of my life :( Sidenote, I've been thinking of volunteer programs that do a check in neighbors just for an hour to see if they need help with fixing anything, groceries, cleaning, just someone to talk to. I can't imagine the loneliness :-/ But then some humans suck and might take advantage of people (steal or abuse them). But if there's a prog like that in my hood I'll be down to do it. Maybe something needs to be started...
si senor.
It's more like, talking about the crazy shit only a white person would do.
I like supernatural/vampire/werewolf stuff mmmmm
hell nah
That's what the boombotix speakers are for! I bike everyday in NY with them.
Damn if I wasn't working tonight I would have been down. Good looking out though!
That cat has a better ombré than me
So if they get lipo in a certain area, no fat cells grow there again?
OMFG I knew he looked familiar!! One of my fav movies!! Fuck that's sad.
&gt; She also spat on my face, wiped her boogers all over me, squeezed my cheeks until I couldn't feel them, hit me a few times and farted right into my face. Is this a cartoon? I'm having trouble taking this bit serious...
How do you prove someone is 16?
It needs to be in the description.
Do you live on Mars with your own greenhouse?
Bro
Idk why I thought that was a wrist before I opened up the link
My ex would call and say he made a huge mistake :-/
Really nice image it pulls me in, I can hear all the water incests going at it. I was wondering about the balanced exposure but you answered it with composite. Great job!
What leggings are the ones on the right? I like that it's high waisted!
That's in no way possible. Please tell me how? Unless he has a micropeen 🤔 even so just by lightly grazing I can feel mine in.
What does the scar look like ?
I need to watch some funny cartoons now after reading all of these.
Anytime I have to explain what Reddit it I always stop mid-sentence, sigh and tell them to check it out themselves. I know what it is I just feel silly explaining it.
God those were so annoying.
I would love to know the update on this!
I'm sorry but this is so funny to me. Does it happen every time? I've had a similar incident a couple times but I'm not really sure what causes it.
That's why I thought he looked familiar!
Which neck thingy is that? Does it feel too constricting after a while ?
How much do those cost? I want to make one for a party.
Buff maybe?
Found one last week :)
I start digging in while the person is still handing it to me.
Maybe I'm an idiot but I would try to keep my luggage with me, unless the shooter is actually behind me of course. Then I'm playing dead with my body over my luggage.
I open at least 5 of them on the app, entertaining enough for a 30 min ride.
w4 had the free wifi for a while. Since last summer prob...
Do you use a tablet / wacom?
2200 crown heights. I wanted closer to Manhattan but eh. Was a good apt for the price.
Oh ok. I guess I used the wifi to iMessage or FaceTime audio so I never noticed.
Did you have a specific seller? There's so many!
I ride the Manhattan that's how.
Someone on this sub tried this and got kicked off the platform.
I would be interested if you guys ever have a training position during the slow season. 28/f.
Yeh that's what he did.
I'm off the A/C I think those go to Qnz, tho I don't really have a reason to go. I will miss living off the B/Q trains tho, my favs.
I don't like it because it looks staged. But the glow on the bride tho! Mixed babies ftw.
Anyone notice how his hands get freakishly long?!?
&gt; Neo work gear pro thanks a lot!
Is this app only for android? Asking for a friend.
You usually have to pay for those followers right.
So NY (Brooklyn) will have a lot of channels?
Same.
How common is this? Is that more popular in certain states? I don't think anyone in NYC is really melting lead bullets..
She had her period at age 5???
Omg
😳
How's it going uphill ? I'm at 48:18 right now.
P
I put bright pink nail polish on my pex card to prevent confusing with my identically colored credit card.
Omg that paint and pinball brings back so many archived memories.
Right. It's horrible. I got stopped by the cops in the middle of the bridge to tell me to stay in one lane. Literally stood in my path. While I had to dodge walkers for the rest of the ride down the bridge.
Would dl if you made iOS version.
Imagine this the other way around, him sending his dad her nudes....
What about refilling the filters ?
Don't ever do that again
And the Word of The Day is: Clitty Litter.
Is there a recipe or a specific name for this? It sounds really good!
Wtf where do you live? It's about $3-6 here for 18 in NY, depending where you buy it from.
When I was younger my mom used to wake me up very loudly, usually yelling. Never gentle. Now as an adult the slightest mention of my name makes me jump up out of any deep sleep, wide alert.
I would go insane living with you D:
They don't love or respect you. Why would you want to stay with them?
That would save me $5 every time I go to the bubble tea shop. I should do this! But I think it's bad for my diet...all the sugar :3
victoria secret?
Do these affect the calibration of the iphone? I was told to only use iPhone brand cords or it can mess up the battery.
Which tape is that? I had one similar until the white and black near the palm wore out making it look yucky.
awesome
I tried to use those stevia sweeteners instead of brown sugar for my tea and I just couldn't do it.
ok thanks!
I wanted to see if from the outside view..
Do you think Manhattan/wburg is steeper? I took the Manhattan bridge 10 years for work and this year moved closer to the wburg. Not sure which one I prefer. The wburg get's me to the east village quicker tho, but there's a lot more people on it. I feel like the slope goes on for longer on it.
Oh, I've never seen any mention of that hmm..
That's very interesting, I'm happy insurance helps!
"Fiendin" was a popular phrase back in my high school days in NYC (2006 era) I don't hear it much anymore.
Damn. When I attended I had a 10 min bike ride and I still showed up late sometimes :(
That's ugly af
It's a thing. I paid $200 to fix it at the Apple Store and I learned that's how it happened.
If you don't use iPhones then you never experienced it tho, right ?
Yeh it is prob steeper. The wburg slope while not steeper, does go on for longer. But I enjoy riding over it. Just wish they would fix those potholes Jesus. Also it's not fun dodging groups of Jewish families that all went to walk in a horizontal line together.
As it should be!
What if you're not their mom and they still refuse to budge?
Where can I watch it online?
What if I just get 2?
Commenting because I need it in my life too! 😻
Noted, thanks.
Thanks for the sugar glider facts! Now I'm certain I'm not equipped to handle them! I'll just aww at them from the interwebs.
Leggings and jeggings all day :3
Seriously. If you tell me to wear something sexy I'm furiously rolling my eyes and then canceling.
Good advice. Just wanted to point out you can have your iPhone on lock and still talk on a call so they can't unlock it or anything. But yeh, still not ok.
Didn't watch the comics!!!
Very interesting, I'm not sure if it's rice paper but I prefer the lighter texture and white color wrapping.
heart broken tnx
AH, I usually have my backpack with me anyway.
Yeh, I really wanted a smaller camera to my A7, one I can bike around with and not worry about expensive lens getting banged up.
Only if there is sauce on it.
Yeah I went last year and I just walked in. There wasn't a barrier or anything so idk. Worth a shot just checking it out still.
Dang wood floored bathroom, niiiiiceee
wait I never used flour, what?!
29/f. Cycling for around 7 years
Mangoes does it for me 🤤
$40 for the whole summer or $40 a day??
Third for product info
For some reason being in a plane with bugs bothers me the most here.
For that price I need a goddamn window at least.
Can the lens be used on the Sony A7?
Or just drink tea Edit: read as drink warm water oops
I'm afraid it will burn my pits!
Yeh I said what the fuck out loud when I saw that thing.
I read it as black.
I can't handle anymore cancer posts 😔
Wonder if they sell them in NY
See I always wanted to adopt but I'm afraid of getting a problem kid.
It's like you can feel your brain adjusting.
Love reading things like this. Are you guys going to stay there? I'm curious which town this is.
Someone got killed last week in the housing development opposite my apt. There's always cops on my block just sitting in their car. But I guess I'm desensitized cuz I live in Brooklyn and I'm used to being in the "hood".
None, if you click picked up you lose waiting money, if you click start dropoff the customer gets to track where you are and they will see you're just standing in the same spot. When you get the food then you can hit picked up.
Piece *
F stop was probably like f22 or something close
The only food festival I'll pay for is Village Voice, which is around $70 and it's all you can eat from 100+ vendors and so much beer. Lots of free swag too.
Noooooo wtf
Damn I wish it was sold cheaply over the counter.
Helps the brownie slide off. I do the same thing with flour sometimes.
Getting doored is my worst fear as a cyclist. So many people swing open their doors without looking!
Oh fuck. I don't know who to feel worse for :(
Yeh like if it was so important I would have called. Even fb has a calling feature if you don't have their number.
I would use this for business cards if I can design the cutout on the computer. Any idea where it's sold?
This job isn't for the absentminded. Don't be upset if you don't get a tip. Just be better next time :)
Omg I would have screamed at that nurse what the fffuuuuuuu
I'm in a similar situation with a roommate we cannot stand. Since we can't kick her out legally we are going to move. Our landlord says we have to find someone else to take over our lease so that's the only hurdle.
Isn't one of them Ave ?
Waist training belt/wrap is the only thing I can think of.
After school teacher (5x week), bike messenger(2-4x week), catering (2-3x month).
Oh man those brows. That's the only thing I can see needing work.
I was wondering what was the casting call for the extras on this? Tall, ripped women with deep voices? They're all super badass btw. Muscle goals.
Hell na it does not make any less expensive lol.
Nike store? Lol. eBay. Poshmark.
Maybe shaved head should be added to the not allowed list.
Commenting to check back.
My coworker says "May I" for everything. It drives me crazy I don't know why. Maybe it's the docile thing.
I was about to call you out as being under 25 or something lol
Oddly specific.
Have a link?
Will devour. It's. Not in NY by chance ?
What difference does the angle make?
My legs / butt are too big for overalls. It's either too baggy / too tight
I wonder how all those colors fade over time. I don't have any tattoos yet but I'm debating whether to keep it black and white or add some colors. The longevity is my main concern.
She's nice to look at but her acting is like a stale slice of bread. No offense.
Yeh I was like damn this is going to be a long gif
I get a heart, I'm a romantic.
Very thoughtful!
Omg. I kept thinking I was ordering wrong when I wanted wings.
Maybe in your area but its needed in busy nightlife cities where everyone drives like assholes and some are buzzed.
Yeh that's what I've always used but it looks like I've been doing it wrong my whole life.
Where do you live ???
So specific lol. But seriously, I've never seen a wheelchair on a rooftop lounge. Maybe I just haven't been looking. Good luck.
You poor thing.
I agree. I don't smoke but I have a lot of friends who do several times a day and they aren't very productive and move in super slow motion. They may have decent jobs but they spent all their free time smoking and being zombies.
Love it. Wonder how it looks when it fades.
And has the nerve to say "prints available". I don't see anywhere in the caption where he mentions her name. I'm sure he has other original work but in this case he's doing too much with an image he bit off of.
Exactly. She has her photos for sale too I'm sure. And this dude comes, cheaply copies her work, gets all sorts of praise because people think he's the original, and offers a print for sale which I'm sure is cheaper than hers. It gets me mad just thinking about it. I can see why she was so heated that she got unprofessional and commented.
Ansel didn't make the landscape though.
That's cool! I always pictured someone getting down on their knees and hand painting these 😂
So that's how busses hit people and the driver is completely unaware.
Damn my hair kind of looks like the color on the left lol.... Is there a way to achieve the right at home? I'm guessing toner won't be enough?
Hi, all post must include pics :)
Your coworker was nosy af for that. I would have just stayed out of it, not my business!
I bike the wburg bridge everyday to work. I still hate it.
I want a phone case like this.
That's what a secret is kinda. Nothing stays private once you tell someone. Just remember that for future.
Damn. You must be really good looking. All these women you cheated on and they still forgave you???
Damn that sucks. what sort of lines/style/ colors last the best? I'm contemplating my first tattoo and trying to learn as much as possible. I've seen some badly faded ones that kind of put me off.
Pic?
How did you confront her ?
Update us after you talk to your sister!
It took me a min to realize eleven was the dude looking kid.
Rural / suburb people are bored as fuck.
Is he in jail ?
I could hardly stand a teaspoon when I was legit sick. I can’t believe people drink that shit for fun yuck
And being vegan.
The NNR name hurts my brain but I never expressed that to anyone for fear of real life down voting lol
The dark shadow where the camera person hovered makes it mildly infuriating
I’m in NY and bike once it’s not heavy rain or snow. I don’t lookin cute while biking in the winter. I just dress to be warm and comfortable. I change my top at work. In the summer I’ll dress up more and actually care what I look like lol. My commute is about 5 miles. Lots of leggings and heat tech on the bottom. Sports long sleeve (not cotton), and a regular jacket for top. I swear quickly so I don’t go heavy on the top layers.
That looks uncomfortable af to get on and off.
Awesome texture, are you mixed?
Was there smells?
Nioooooo :(
Lmao. Gangster chivalry.
It’s the skinny ones you gotta look out for.
Is this a parody account? Please tell me it is.
My cue to get off Reddit for today.
Wouldn’t group text count as one whole text? I would test it out but I don’t have any groups :(
Ohhhh I thought it was just a part of Astronomy I never heard of. Didn’t even think it was bad spelling lol.
Aw you didn’t get the joke :(
I had “signal problems” on the A/C line in Brooklyn yesterday around lunch time. Took 40 mins to go 5 stops. I was 30 min late to work. I haven’t had so much train anxiety in a while.
wait how? So how did he do it?
Walk half a block and have an “oh fuck wrong way” moment.
Seen as “uncool” to have all the bulky stuff. I have lights I don’t care
As a black cyclist with big curly hair ... :(
He’s on a bike/board.
Is this the same as someone who visited from out of the country for a few weeks?
most likely golden crust lol. Crown fried chicken isn’t taking the time to make patties. I also want a real Jamaican / Caribbean person making mine.
What about health costs?
I keep a lip balm in every coat so I never forget them lol.
I’ll have one dose of extra growth hormone please. Just need 1-2 inches.
I had an overstayed tourist visa (I was a kid) and at adult age (15 years later) I got my green card through marriage.
My Instagram page popped up as a suggestion for my friend to add me. I told them I did not have Instagram. Awkward ensues.
So....you love it???
I hope this thread goes viral lol
My first anime experience and I loved every bit of it. I may have expelled liquid out of my eyes at some parts. I saw Ponyo last week and it was beautiful as well. Now I want a whole list of like minded anime so I can spend a weekend on.
Yay another cooking guide I’m saving and never looking at again.
Wtf is a valve month
So if it’s for home recoding do you think we can plug it in and it will keep recording all day?
How does one acquire another queen ?
There should be a sub for less than 5 ingredient recipes.
I thought you said Astoria for a sec lol
Do you give it to the vendors as gifts? Do you 3D print regular people on commission?
Did he take her home though?
What advice would you give to someone interested in this? Like starting from 0 with little html understanding ...
I really wanted to go and take photos but dang that’s far and my blankets are so warm :3
Which bag are you using ? Just the PM bag?
Do you trim it tho? What about the bikini line?
Wow I totally read the headline as having a special kind of paper called “lighter paper” and somehow this paper you can light like matches hahah I’m dumb
It sticks to itself
:(
yayyyy
That's awesome, such a cool keepsake to have.
Thank ya!
I've been making the 90second microwave keto breads/biscuits lately, it's super easy and yummy. Cider beer is my weakness :3
As much as I love to draw, I'll always let the professional tattoo artist finalize my shitty drawing first before making it permanent.
She wanted her artwork I guess ahah, but not my body :-/
oh ok, I guess I don't play games so I didn't get it, makes sense..kinda haha
Aw dang, not worth it. Yeh I'll look into better options tnx
the fuck, are they all born badass or is this something learned growing up?
omggg
Ok I was being cheap and looking at which ones I get the most bang for my buck haha but vital seems to be the most popular
Ok makes sense, I can be all smart and talk about this now, thank ya!
Not helping you stalk her lol if you’re asking us that means you don’t have her info.
Did the guy get his bike back?
When you say cheap studio do you mean under 2k?
My two friends and I were looking for a brunch spot for a week and couldn’t figure out where, within our price range and not obnoxious. I just said let’s do it at my place, everyone bring something and cook together. We made mimosas and had the biggest brunch for under $20 total. They both passed out in a food coma on my bed, totally worth it.
But what is it made of?!?
Ha didn’t know that neither
Trini here. My approval as well.
accurate
Things are also way more expensive there so it balances out.
I would have asked them to hold the fries lol
So once a day? Awesome thank you.
Europeans are wild
Hell yes.
Canarsie, flatlands etc. many other places are too out of the way to be gentrified. Shit I won’t even live out there.
New generation won’t get this. And now I feel old.
Yeh r&amp;b lol
My free checking ended years ago lol. Who were the people still getting it free ?
The only answer you need op
It’s be cheap af there lol
I lava you
Doesn’t seem like y’all are ready for marriage. He’s only 22 jeez
Lmao that’s the saddest thing I ever heard of. Sounds like a Black Mirror episode.
No one is perfect kiddo
Are you from the US? Basically it’s known as a insult for blacks back in the day and still used today.
Now it’s really wanna see a side by side comparison of that!
Ugh that reminds me of an ex who typed everything with two ii’s, I’m so serious.
I think they used a flash which got the foreground stuff but the background kept the ambient light cuz flash doesn’t hit thousands of miles away
You remind me of Topanga!
My cousins last name is Greaves and they live in Barbados, wonder if any relation...
Did you steal this comment from the other thread? Lol
I never heard people call it the long term, everyone says Bajan.
It’s feckin Barbados
What kinda dumb joke is that
*anxiety intensifies*
do you moisturize your beard too?
Oh man my heart. For some reason I thought of the show “Sense 8” the way people were all there with him in his final moment and that one guy who said he’s looking at the stars too. Fuck. Was there any articles on who the guy was?
I don’t like.
Yup. And no one wants to steal a unique looking luggage. Much easier to take a plain black suitcase.
Did you get him ?!
I seriously doubt the whole plane started clapping.
Damn. How old were you?
Sick! Wonder if they will work on my State Black Label
Tried makes me think of baggy eyes and disheveled look. Not flattering and I'll be self conscious / annoyed the rest of the day lol.
Source them outside of America lol. Kinda serius- my bf is from my home country. I find men of other cultures more family oriented and have most of their priorities down from young. Not speaking about European men btw. I'm in NY now and it's just not for long term relationships.
Portland? 👀
I forget those sweepers supposed to include water lol. It's always dry brushing grabage.
I love how everyone already knows how much of a cesspool this will be lol
Cuz living with a couple can suck. I wouldn't want to live with one for sure.
Friends with the promise of beer and food.
We have the same curl pattern. I swear I'm never bleaching my hair again. Really ruined my ends. I had to cut off 2-3 inches and take better care of it.
This is where I buy my eggs and frozen veggies lol
This is my first thought too, what I read that I thought OH NO! That just added more shit to the pot.
Lol I didn't notice that at first. I don't know what led up to this but the cyclist had the opportunity to get out the way and not move closer to the car. I'm not going on bully a Jeep when I'm on 2 wheels lol
Woo! This makes me want to vent. I usually bike everywhere but the times I do take transit there's always a hiccup. So!...There's the time I thought the bus didn't accept my transfer when I put my card in and used a new ride because it just said "ok" and not the usual "transfer" notification ... So I was mad I missed the transfer but it gave me an excuse to take the train home instead of bike as I had a new transfer buuuuuuut I didn't have a new transfer cuz when I swiped in the train it was a new ride for real lol I was so mad. That sounds all confusing to a non nyer. Another whammy is when I was on the bus and I thought I had a full ride on my card so when I swiped I only had like $2.10 on it or something and I owed the balance. He let me ride without giving the balance but the problem is that I was taking the train after so I needed a transfer. Nope! Had to buy another card to get on the train. Tiiiiiight!
I know what I'm doing tomorrow! Wonder how long it's until?
Aw man I forgot about this. The awkward shoulder touch and the cringey badly-acted script. Loved every moment of that second-hand embarrassment.
For me in NY it was a play to win where I had to madly tap the screen and then got a "maybe next time" alert. Womp.
Doesn't work on my app :(
I prefer how Caviar does it - praying every Monday (I get it deposited on Tuesday morning) and no fee is taken out.
Well I don't know if you're familiar with NY but I live in Brooklyn and wanted to visit my friend in the Bronx. I said fuck it one Sunday and rode that bad boy through 20 miles of NYC traffic and bad drivers. My legs were shaking after but it was worth it. 5 miles alone can get you pretty far in NY standards so 20 was a feat for me. We don't really have many separate cycling routes unless you ride along the water.
How do they prevent this from getting stolen? Like just being picked up and walked off with? And is it $1 per minute?
I would have blocked after "thanks for confirming" no sense in replying and dragging it out. Don't waste the energy.
Who has the time lol
Got em
