As long as I can drive my enviromentally unfriendly land yacht into California and not have a problem, fine. Not really a fan of the "San Angeles" model of environmental regulation.
&gt; Google is WAY more globally-minded about their development community and users' entry into the platform(s) That's not always a good thing. In the case of the US and developed countries, it negatively affects things.
Given that it stands for a certain belief that has many participants forcing themselves on others under threat of murder, no thanks. I like to keep my head attached to my body and the ability to practice my religion. Apparently some people disagree with at least one of those.
Indeed. It's the very thing Reddit's resident SJW population would not like at all.
Thankfully, she received one thanks to 'Murican freedom.
No, she's pointing out the painful truth, and it seems like many people of that religion can't take it - much like Dear Leader Pao and a fair amount of SJW's on Reddit.
As it is practiced in the world, not so much.
Unfortunately, the very people that support it here would be amongst the first.
I was raising the point of what happened after desegregation.
I'm only pointing out that there is an unnaturally strong sentiment in Reddit to play the victim card for the purpose of harassing others.
That came from an era when 4-cylinder turbos were actually about performance and not a way to cut cylinder count.
Unfortunately, they are quite naive in thinking that this would stop them.
No thank you, but I would pass on that suggestion. Reddit would turn it into a SJW version of North Korea.
Given that the product designs appear to consider US (and a fair amount of the original Thinkpad market) as a secondary/legacy market, they hide it well. What you call purism is what I call an understanding of product identity. That black, rectangular slab of durable, maintenance-friendly, well-serviced, no-compromise computing is a large part of what makes it a Thinkpad. The attempts to "consumerize" the platform go against that identity, as they put in the things that drove them away to the Thinkpad. It is instantly recognized not for its fashion, but its ability to smartly do the job. If I wanted something that thought my part of the world as an afterthought, compared to the Chinese home market of Lenovo, I would have not cared. I'd be fine with them turning it to a glorified Dell with Lenovo markings on it. ^(As an aside, is it possible for individuals to order TAA compliant machines, or otherwise force it to be built in North Carolina?)
Another Hongkouver special?
As opposed to Redditors that play the victim card to harass people? (Wow, nice to see that I get brigaded)
They're not listening when it comes to the keyboard. Not only have they doubled down on chiclets, they have also ruined the layout. Whomever thought of that apparently had no idea how the keyboards are used. On the other hand, it took a long time before they put back IPS displays in workstation-class machines (about 7 years). If it was so possible to put one in my W520, I would just as a jab at Lenovo's refusal to do so. (and for those brigading me here, you're doing yourself a disservice)
&gt; Well the newer models are designed to be simpler and smaller. One more reason that I stick with the 4-slot W-series. It is a small price to pay to delay/bypass the nonsense that plagues the smaller machines. Between them and the larger T series equivalents, that's about the only way to get a traditional Thinkpad. &gt; And as far as it being a recent addition, nope. IBM had models with both on-board memory and sockets too (just like Lenovo now offers.) Yes, but they were relatively ancient models (like the 730T, 600/E/X) or had some nonstandard configuration compared to the rest of the lineup. You had to actively seek them out to find them.
&gt; What HDD's have you been using that die more often than every 2-5 years Seagate Momentus series. &gt; SSD's Unlike SSD's, conventional disks don't require one to minimize writes.
&gt; Some companies just tell you you're "doing it wrong". Others fix it. Lenovo fixed it. Lenovo does both. They do the former in the case of the keyboard (aka "you don't *really* need those keys") while doing the latter with the trackpad, display, and whitelists (after a long time of Not Listening).
I extremely doubt that Lenovo would be willing to produce internal data. It's easier for them to produce individuals like Kohut when concerns come that way. That, and it's easy to squelch the Traditionalist subset of 750m-1bn people in the western world when you have billions of people to "stuff the ballot box".
CPU or GPU? I have a T60p that crossed 75 without any second thoughts.
&gt; However, that doesn't mean a free-for-all. The rules will still require a driver behind the wheel, ready and able to take control should something go wrong. As long as that doesn't change, then no problem exists.
Sounds like a cut-rate reader.
That's a mighty large Xerox machine for cars.
It only proves that the most business-friendly modes of work treat the worker as a problem. Tariffs and a deaf ear to the economists can fix that.
ITT: /u/daswraithist shilling for the secrecy of the TPP. It's a trade treaty, not some DoD secret. In addition, the 60 day period isn't likely to change the act, it's a perfunctory measure to placate the public. The last time a bill was shoved through Congress in secret, it had a negative economic impact.
Then release the documents, even if they are preliminary. It affects the public too much to wait for the perfunctory 60-day waiting period. This isn't some military secret which needs such protection, but a trade document that seeks to call upon a surrender of the US.
Still doesn't invalidate that it is an avoidably bad deal.
It's a trade deal, not military secrets. That, and it affects the public in ways that require disclosure. Besides, what changes do you expect in the public period that aren't just PR measures?
It's not a military secret, it's a public matter. Openness is vital to having it be in the favor of the public and not international interests.
...while we get the raw end of the deal - NAFTA's degree of harm x 10 at least. The mystery meat part of it doesn't help you much either. No thanks, but for a deal that affects so much, a perfunctory 60-day period + 4 year secrecy on notes is no good.
Now if they would do unlocked bootloaders, that'd be great. Thanks to T-Mobile, I got the International Edition just to bypass this nonsense. Half the flash memory, but it has more bands (including the other LTE bands that T-Mobile supports) and can be fully opened up. That, and I already have Lollipop if I so wanted.
Given the lack of trust in public officials with existing trade policy, above-normal levels of transparency are not unwarranted. The 60-day period acts more like a reluctant PR gesture than an actual chance to change the direction of the bill. The 4-year embargo on preliminary notes makes it even worse. If you want people to trust in conventional international diplomacy, then give them a reason to do so - where their objections have meaningful impact. Secrecy has its place in matters of national security and the military - not with public-facing trade policy that interfaces with a highly-distrusted legislative body. (side note: if you're suggesting that I read up more on the subject, perhaps you would do well to suggest a starting point.)
Not everyone wants a watered-down device.
Perhaps the burden should be placed a bit more on the business given their entitlement mentality towards "perfect or offshore" candidates.
For those wanting to work for established companies, or startups/contractors with the stability of Fukushima on a bad day?
Any of them based on established companies? Startup/SME's don't exactly have a good track record with being good to their own.
In other words, Texas hates its workers but loves its businesses?
How about those within that set of majors having prior experience, very good grades (&gt;3.7) but no internships? ^(By the way, you can dispense with the sports terminology. It's not a sport.)
That, and your country has the abominations of zero-hour work and permatemping.
That's why it's important to address the entitlement mentality by employers, such that desperation is not a factor in employment.
Not every phone can readily fit to a bluetooth slider. I had to modify an S4 case just to have something fit for my One, while I'm still looking for an equivalent form factor for my Z3.
&gt; They have transcended from *damn* commies to Captain Planet villain of the week.
The problem is that they changed from that to a debadged console controller.
If that's an Nvidia-equipped machine, check its manufacture date (bottom label). If it's at least 8/2008, you should have no problems down the road. If not, hopefully the previous customer had it serviced. This is all due to a known defect with the Nvidia GPU series at the time. If it's an Intel-based board, no worries.
&gt; Lump of labor fallacy DNE as a "fallacy". On the other hand, it does make for a nice hand-wave. &gt; Seems to contradict available evidence about structural unemployment in developed economies Explain? Structural unemployment is a thing - especially when you look at the labor participation rate. That, and the likely argument about a skills gap is about something that does not exist.
There's nothing sports-like about it. Besides, shafting the citizens of developed countries - such as the US - isn't about the "free market". It is about exacting pain on the First World.
&gt; But structural unemployment does not seem to be increasing That's misleading. The conventional measures have shown a peak of losses in 2009/2010 with smaller subsequent net losses. At best, we're treading water; realistically, we're losing faster than the gains can replace. &gt; Lump of labor is a fallacy. Sorry. The way that it has played out since '07/'08, labor pools have operated in a way that suggests otherwise.
It's only -ism if an approved party is being disadvantaged.
Such efforts have gone to different causes over time. 1930s: Stopping FDR by throwing everything and the kitchen sink against him and his interests. 1960s: Former Democrats that switched parties to preserve segregation in the name of "school choice". 1980s: The great onslaught against non-business interests, starting with the PATCO precedent, amnesty for illegal immigration, and widespread use of globalization. 2010s: The conquest of several Midwest states through the use of envy and debt, with the goal of imparting Southern culture in non-Southern states.
Good only if insurance isn't used as forcible wedge against regular cars - much like how environmentalism has forced lesser cars on people.
Naturally, the usual urban Amish suspects are to blame.
That's another idea that needs to stay dead.
What would prevent a subsequent administration from bringing it back in?
Even for MIS majors looking for a decent (re)start? Granted, it's more like the technology side of business, but Dallas has been somewhere on my shortlist. On the other hand, I'm heavily set against agency/CTH employment or those hard-set on having internships. The former tend to shortchange people (aside from DoD contractors), and the latter ignore experience even when it exists.
&gt; Didn't Scott Walker effectively kill the teachers union in Wisconsin Yes, and thank ALEC + a lot of backing. Not sure, but I'm thankful his insanity has been repudiated in Ohio.
&gt; My logic is pretty well laid out for anyone ...which is: Americans bad, guest workers good.
&gt; I work at an MSP That's the next worse thing to a guest worker. All the same curveballs, except everyone gets a crack at the bat.
T-Mobile. Hopefully you have the D6603(International Edition), which skips the carrier nonsense.
It's better than the HTC One on tint though.
In other words, they pledge to go back to the 19th Century before the end of the 21st - save for the environmentalist nomenklatura that can financially exempt themselves from harm.
Look a bit more to the SE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/11%C2%B031'47.0%22N+43%C2%B012'23.4%22E/@11.5295996,43.2069057,328m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x0!6m1!1e1
&gt; What exactly do you think entitles US citizens for special consideration in a globalised economy First of all, where do you expect to have a US citizen enter if the entry points are predominantly guest workers? Looks like you're not too familiar with the fraud and abuse of guest worker regulations, especially those that center around 20 CFR 655/20 CFR 656. If US citizens are used to involuntarily transfer over knowledge to non-immigrating guest workers, they are more than qualified for the job. When a job lists qualifications designed to disqualify US citizens, that makes the question of "entitlement" a bad one at best. At least defense contractors are a relatively safe bet for citizens, thanks to clearance requirements. &gt; The corporation is responsible by law to maximise shareholder value. ...which in turn has perverse incentives, such as using a guest worker program to make claims not supported by laws of economics. One cannot claim a shortage while creating a surplus.
For me, they'd have to be in the middle of a Venn diagram of the following: * Large-to-near monolithic presence * Doesn't treat its employees as a problematic commodity * Compensation is not considered a problem * Training isn't an afterthought * Competently does its job Outside of those: * Isn't known as a last resort employer About the only thing remotely resembling that is with government contractors.
So jobs can easily move across borders, but people can't easily follow.
Thank local history for providing such an appropriate situation. His management style makes Ms. Pao and Reddit look like outright amateurs - in both positive and negative ways.
That raises a question: Short of unobtanium TAA/CMV models, do any US exclusives exist?
The SJW contingent of Reddit. If you disagree with them, it is both heresy and obstinacy for not accepting their "superior" narrative.
Reddit, where the SJW's can harass all day long but never get called on it.
They're the only subreddit group that receives no punishment for harassment and brigading, both of which are against Reddit policy.
That's a lie, especially when you can easily track user activity. As long as the SRS group of subreddits exist, you are explicitly approving of their policy violations. Getting rid of them is an easy solution.
When SRS does it.
They do since SRS gets carte blanche from the admins to harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy.
They have a perpetual license to violate policy.
It hasn't stopped.
When "social justice" is used as a method of harassment, claims to decency go right out the window.
Looks like the SJW brigade came in. At least it makes RES marking easy.
The last two are more or less sanctioned by the admins through inaction.
Clarified it above.
That's because they only want SJW's to have nice things.
I would have given gold for that, but I don't want to reward Reddit.
Getting rid of those would remove their narrative.
3771 as of this post.
I think the message has been heard loud and clear.
If you're wanting them to do the right thing, would that involve removing the SRS group of subreddits - out of consistency?
They are a group of subreddits that harass, brigade, and otherwise violate Reddit policy. So far, the admins give them a pass on enforcement.
Arbitrary enforcement of policy. Some communities aren't getting removed for their harassment (hi SRS!) while others are (like FPH).
Fixed to address the issues of the diver: http://i.imgur.com/MQI9o2x.jpg
As in the SJW's? They won't stop crying until they get their ultimate safe space.
I wouldn't think so given that 4chan's been taken over by the same folks that plague Reddit.
It's not. The only harassment is from people wanting to remove the sub.
Or Monty Python's - [Bring out your dead!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU0d8kpybVg)
SRS is about harassment of non-SJW subreddits, with the goal of purging them by report spamming.
No, but the people that want to see FPH (and other subreddits that pierce their paper-thin skin) gone are SJW's.
No idea, willful blindness, or some combination of the two?
So they actually do hire US citizens? I've seen both of them do university recruitment, but my university has a ton of international students. On the other hand, I'd rather work for a defense contractor. They at least have some insulation from the guest worker problem.
How so?
Unlike Ford, they didn't need to fake the audio.
With Ford, it's almost impossible to *not* get EcoBoost. Trucks, cars, and (prison) vans of all sizes get the EcoBoost treatment.
Indeed, but I've yet to see Lenovo do badly on storage wrt markup. Even a hybrid drive would be welcome to see on a W series as standard issue.
Pollution hazard chart tiers: 1: Normal 2: Elevated 3: High 4: Hazardous 5: Welcome to Shanghai
&gt; The additional lanes could be used as a testing ground for high occupancy vehicle (HOV) or bus-only lanes, state officials said. Vehicles with two or more passengers are permitted to use HOV lanes to zip past traffic jams. That would make I-75 traffic worse by adding such ZIL lanes.
It's effectively doing the same thing that construction does on I-75 - blocks off a lane and constricts traffic. Moving all the traffic faster makes more sense than trying to force people by practicality to a desired solution.
Thought it had one on the right side. Saving that, there is the docking port.
Or for not wanting to hire w/o an internship? ^(in all seriousness, that is my situation - no internship but looking for some sort of IT/IS type work)
As long as it's not like the Georgia "permatryout" system, there's no dispute there ;)
&gt; Slashdot has also pretty much gone to shit. The only good side is that they don't play the whole "safe space" game that Reddit does.
Their service is the bigger draw.
They are not likely to do $38k/year.
Depends on the line of work. For entry-level IT/development-related work requiring a bachelors, I've heard others offered as low as 28k. (Yes, I'm still considering them, but would rather go the defense contractor route. At least my MIS degree would be more well-valued when paired up with an employer willing to do the clearance paper work)
This is what happens when you have contract agencies do the work. They're more interested in cutting corners or otherwise being (harmfully) cheap to their help.
How about just getting rid of the separate distinctions? They serve little-to-no purpose for those performing work, but serve nearly everything for those providing it. It removes the abuse and the archaic idea of having to work as a low-leverage contractor.
Perhaps Mexico should clean up their reputation, since it looks like Trump hit a factual nerve. That, and unlike some of the other candidates, he's at least willing to attack illegals - versus pandering for them. Shame that the US doesn't treat them the same way Australia does with their [illegals](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT12WH4a92w).
Why Texas? They have southern California, thanks to intentionally lax enforcement of the law. That, and many national parks within 10 miles of the southern border already have signs warning citizens of illegals.
&gt; He wants to build a wall. Because that worked out so well before. Works for Australia, although their wall consists of hundreds of miles of ocean - well-stocked with hostile, non-human sea creatures. It also works for a certain Middle-eastern country that some people would rather malign or write off the map. &gt; And I'm sorry, but I don't consider "willing to attack an arbitrarily declared class of poor 'undesirables'" a virtue. NAFTA and CAFTA aren't enough help for them? About every factory threatens to move there or has done so. Second, these "undesirables" are as such - unless you want cartels and smugglers in *your* neighborhood. &gt; Enjoy paying $20 for your next salad when the sudden need to pay legitimate workers more causes business owners like Trump, who could easily soak the difference with barely an impact to their profits, to dramatically raise their prices. Salad aside, this would also affect the construction industry in a major way. Robots can't come soon enough, as they'll threaten all humans equally. All that said, perhaps it is time to stop pandering to illegals and bring Arizona's SB1070 to a wider audience. It is a viable solution that incentivizes illegals to self deport and employers to take a second look.
As long as you go with phones with LTE bands 2,4, and/or 12, you should be fine. Being a heavy user shouldn't factor to anything.
No disagreement on the car. Nobody wants to have a hit/skip. Even fewer people want to work for sketchy places like OnTrac - which is an employer of last resort. My point is that OnTrac doesn't pay them to give a damn. They pay to have the driver deliver the package in an approximate location and time. Yes, that disconnect is a problem.
Is it wrong if you like them both?
Surprised to see this on the front page of Reddit, since this is a narrative-shattering story.
The same individuals that have disappeared stories and communities on Reddit are of the same bent as those that keep this from wider audiences.
It's not about tethering "abuse" as much as it is about sticking it to their customers for NN. As for tethering, why does it has to be considered enough of a thing to be detected? No, the usual bromides don't count.
If he manages to drag it out long enough to make Amherst deliver an apology and a painful amount of Amherst's funds, so much the better.
&gt; Chances are there will be no "dragging it out" I was referring to making it very unpleasant during the whole process, but oh well. &gt; this is a due process issue, something that is very nasty. I am not too sure on the private side of things but my understanding is this applies to all the schools anyway, but they to have due process at these proceedings. The nastier, the better. This kind of stuff has to stop. &gt; the caveat, is if the private school takes government funds in any way, this string can attach too. Given how things are, I don't see them trying to pull a Hillsdale anytime soon.
Maybe he wants to recycle the box.
That goat is definitely possessed.
*Please cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin, or to the next convenient parallel dimension.*
That, and the W series tends to be less aggressive at adopting new features (the bad ones) vs ultraportables.
No, they just last too long :p
More like 30+ years. They're Z80's packaged with a halfway decent CAS.
All of the 92, none of the test-prohibiting QWERTY. However, they do prohibit the 89 these days for its algebraic system.
Willingness isn't a precisely measurable construct.
Good question. My only guesses are technicalities or that it "doesn't fit the narrative" at this time.
It didn't help that Reddit thought to keep things quiet.
Nope, and I don't care about your sentiment towards writing it. If it's so good of an agreement, then why not let the public see the drafts?
The W5xx(exc. W550s) has been the natural successor to the Txxp series. The W7xx/ds are a much rarer breed that come from the A3xp series, where size was less of a concern. The W550s is more like the Z60/61 - a warning of trouble ahead for those dropping $2500-3000+ to avoid the ultraportable mess.
About every brand went the same route. It's not about [sports term], it's about taking a product and making it as bland as all can be.
So you approve of Mr. Bentley's pandering to outside interests? I believe proper people would consider your kind to be carpetbaggers, or expressing willful ignorance of history.
Business friendliness - it allows them to practice the old ways without touching a political third rail.
For now, the x230t, the follow-on to the x220t. Unlike the Yoga, it is based off Thinkpad designs &amp; standards. About the closest modern-day competitor would be with Fujitsu. They have 1080p, swivel-top screens and a very good display. The only problem is that warranty support is lacking for conventional individuals.
Form-factor: Larger than an ultrabook, thick enough to hold dedicated graphics Case: Rectangular, black/blue "bento-box" design Input: Sandy Bridge era keyboard/mouse/trackpoint Display: IPS panel with Thinklight, TN as value option Video: Dedicated graphics, Integrated as value option Indicators: T60-style indicator lights Overall: Have it look like a 15" 600X with modern innards.
The [Fujitsu Lifebook T935](http://www.fujitsu.com/fts/products/computing/pc/tablets/lifebook-t935/). Expensive, but it cuts no corners. Edit: updated model
With all the spare parts in the supply chain, it shouldn't be too hard to come up with most of its legacy features.
Not too happy with the Ultrabook leanings, but they didn't exactly have mobile performance GPUs in the early-mid 1990s. I wonder if it'd be in the cards for them to resurrect the 730T if this goes well. All they'd have to do is make a slightly larger tablet with a squared off Thinkpad form factor (read: not Yoga).
Passing TPA, TPP, TISA, and TTIP won't help the situation.
...that is the precise attitude that makes the problem worse. Besides, worth is a subjective value that varies widely from person to person.
Ah, one of the bromides that faults labor?
...who ends up on the wrong side of a bureaucrat.
Considering that the last "classic-like" machines were the T/W series following the 61 generation (e.g. T500/W500/W700), 16:10 is about as close as one can expect from Lenovo. I'd like to see 4:3, but the only way it's happening is with my "Hillenbrand" T60p.
Unfortunately, it's been marketed as a low-end x tablet successor with the Helix as the high-end x tablet successor. As I've pointed out elsewhere, you would have to go to Fujitsu to get a worthy replacement (Lifebook T935).
Research John Henry Patterson of the National Cash Register company. Then figure out how he overcame the bureaucrats (hint: it had nothing to do with pay, but by cultivating good relations with others).
In formats similar to 1080p? Microsoft isn't known for selling high-end devices. Lenovo still is. Exotic high-res displays have been no stranger to Thinkpads (T4x/R50p's with 2048x1536, T61's with modded-in Flexview), but they have been rare or modded.
&gt; What France and it's workforce needs is more casualisation - this will bring down the number of strikes because the workers are in a precarious position so won't take the risk Fuck no. You suggest making the problem worse, since precarious labor would only bring back the guillotine for those introducing it. That would likely include yourself. Casualization needs a quick, through, and grisly death. Make it a choice, not a condition of accepting work. It's something that the US, UK, France, and any civilized country should use to prevent your favored method of abusing contingent labor.
Only if it breaks the narrative, which is the case with TPP.
Given that Chinese labor has very high pliancy, it's not a big deal.
Looks like speaking truth to power has touched a nerve. It won't stop Trump - attacking him only makes him stronger. It's no less true if a particular fact is politically incorrect.
No, it's truth. But don't let facts break your pure, precious Narrative.
Given that the United States encourages (legal) immigration, that's a compliment.
Things like that would help, especially for us laptop users (my W540 would have some trouble meeting that, and the P70 would as well).
One more reason for taxi service.
Taxi service will do the same thing, but with no variable price nonsense. That, and they don't have silly blocked-by-ratings issues like non-taxi "taxi" services. (As a final benefit, you know the driver isn't some benefit-dodging contractor)
It shows the complete failure of gun control. Criminals don't care about laws, just objectives.
When they do, they can't enforce the law without triggering an encounter with panderers like Al Sharpton.
West Chicago: not even once.
Nice copy-and-paste job from Uber's site, but that handwave doesn't justify the screwiness of unpredictable pricing.
Try getting a consistent, predictable ride in under 15 minutes. The former isn't going to happen outside of taxi service.
One more reason for a taxi. At least you know the rate isn't going to change just because some random event will happen.
&gt; Except uber has better service [citation needed]
Nice copypasta from Uber's site.
Force isn't always direct.
No swivel display, no ethernet port, no care =) (disclaimer: x220t owner)
The set of user-hating changes that Reddit has made over the last 2 years.
ITT: A fuckton of Uberpologists, and brigading of anyone that dares question the Almighty Multiplier or the standard statement trotted out to justify it. To address their standard reply of the following: &gt; No one - anywhere, ever - is forced to pay surge pricing. Rides are offered at high prices and they are only accepted by those to whom they are acceptable. Force isn't solely accomplished by direct means. Force exists when the practicality of a situation limits a choice to a set of undesirable options. Acceptance doesn't really exist aside from resolving a non-decision.
Limited choice combined with platforms that provides inconsistent service - whether via multipliers or ratings. Besides, it's not as if they have any data to show that they're correct. ^(*Even Lyft knows not to go for full absurdity on multipliers*)
It's misleading for a non-taxi "taxi service" to claim it as a primary reason.
Thank Art "persona non grata" Modell's family for taking a page out of Irsay's ~~Baltimore~~ Indianapolis Colts relocation strategy. On top of that, the replacement team has done poorly against a usually-inferior Cincinnati. Those two reasons alone would be enough for people to go with the Steelers. The only way it's going to be solved is for: * Expansion Browns relocated to Indianapolis under a new name. * The Colts are relocated back to their proper home in Baltimore. * The Baltimore team is relocated to its proper home in Cleveland. At least LeBron was willing to return.
Things that the workstation series of machines have kept: * Relatively sane keyboard layouts (More keys retained, even in the gray-sheep W54x) * 4 Memory Slots/High Memory configurations (16GB was available before Sandy Bridge) * Dedicated graphics models available to all parts of the world (No "Not available in the US" nonsense like the latter T series) * Full expansion ports on all models (Thunderbolt, Expresscard) * High-resolution screens (even if not IPS) * Ultrabay slot (Useful for things other than "dead" optical drives) * ~~Socketed processors (Want an off-spec processor? Have your off-spec processor)~~ Fuck you, Intel. * Socketed memory (You're not stuck with 4GB or 8GB) * VGA until Intel axed it. (Not everyone has an HDMI projector) * Maintenance friendly design with highly interchangeable parts. (Frankenpads aren't just a T61 thing) The only thing that I'd like to see more of in the workstation series: * MXM graphics, if only to prevent GPU failures from becoming board failures. As much as I like doing board swaps, it'd be kind of nice if I didn't have to do them just for a GPU fault. Even Dell gets this with their 15" models.
Swing and a miss for Mayhem.
Exposure to disease.
Not everything gets picked up at those inspections.
I hope, since that's about the only way you're going to get a socketed CPU.
I'd like to have a word with Intel about BGA issues and why they thought it was a good idea to make them in revenue-generator configurations.
The lack of sockets *anywhere* makes things worse off. Everyone gets to share in the wonderful fails of BGA, even us workstation users that have bought our way out of this stuff. Was looking at a P70, now I'm not sure wtf to look at since there's no more sockets.
I'd be happy if Lenovo made the Retro with a CPU card.
My concerns are along the lines of not wanting heat cycling derived failures of the solder. The P4-M through Dothan era issue with GPUs is something I don't want to see repeated with hot CPUs.
So the only answer to deal with it is to tunnel to a NN-friendly connection.
Albeit a bit late, what sites are nuking them?
Now they're acting a bit like Comcast's son.
Not sure, but it's not as if the source material isn't suitably mirrored.
I'd like to know how that's the case, since they go through thermal cycling about as much as the GPU's do.
Chicago isn't exactly doing well despite having some of the strictest laws in the country.
&gt; Maybe a bunch of people getting shot? &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; For once, consider the introduction of more guns to more people. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Yes. That is what makes Iraq so safe. And Chicago. And Compton. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Anyways, is that your idea of addressing the mental health component of gun violence? More guns! Maybe if we lowered taxes that would also help. Guess what Chicago and Compton have? Gun disarming laws. Guess what Chicago and Compton also have? Sky-high gun crime.
Yet the Western world, especially Europe, think it's not a big deal if they end up on our doorstep.
Well, good fences make good neighbors. &gt; Sheesh, you guys are nuts. Self-defense of one's own life and freedom is not *nuts*. On the other hand, it is crazy to think that gun disarming laws magically reduce gun crime. It is equally crazy to think that only selected nobility and their security detail should be able to possess the means to fully defend themselves. It is also ludicrous to think that you prefer citizens to have a posthumous interaction with the police via the coroner - since you wouldnt let them defend themselves. More guns means less easy targets and more criminals having to fear being taken out by someone that didn't want to be a victim.
&gt; You've never seen 'heavy gun disarming laws' in America. You should take a look at other countries that actually have gun control to see what the effect would be... So the laws in California, Illinois, New York, Massachusetts, or those passed by the US Congress mean nothing? They would be heavier if not for Constitutional issues. The US has one thing that those other countries do not likely have - the 2nd Amendment. &gt; Note that this is a deterrent to crime, not a preventer of it. If I'm determined to kill you, I'll find a way to do it. But not having a gun makes it a lot harder to do so, that's a fact. Then they do it with knives and various other sharp implements, followed by a call for knife control. On the other hand, Switzerland comes somewhat close. A (limited) mandate exists to be armed despite having restrictions on ammunition.
&gt; There are like, 30 million guns in California. I can go buy one anytime I like and get it a week later. That's not 'heavy gun disarming,' not even a little. If you mean that you can wait a week for a mostly-neutered California compliant firearm, sure. Then hope that you're in the extremely good graces of your law enforcement for being in a *may issue* state instead of a *shall issue* state for concealed firearms. In Ohio, most of it is left to Federal laws with little-to-no extra state restrictions. In addition our firearms manufacturers (yes, Hi-Point isn't the best, but it's better than nothing) aren't in a hurry to leave due to regulatory issues. &gt; This is a slippery slope argument, which is a fallacy. The trouble is that it's not a fallacy, but actual policy.
They got that one but it's too late for this one: http://webm.armarium.org/i/F3Sygc.mp4
So much for the "Emergency Exit".
More Chinese vaporware. What exactly keeps this from being a US thing?
It's as real as the T50 - perpetually in development and never ends up available to the Rest of Us.
At least it would allow the Rest of Us to spin up boards without having to wait for vaporware.
Bingeon already falls foul of the NN concept of fast lanes via the zero rating exemptions. /u/AustinAtTmo: The "consent" switch doesn't make any less of a violation as it still introduces the fast lane that was supposed to go away with NN. No amount of "it's their company" fallacies can cover for it.
Nice white knighting for BingeOn, but it is neither valid nor clear. I received more clarity and notice from T-Mobile when they arbitrarily changed old plans - one postcard and a mysterious change months later. As for BingeOn, Vogon poetry would be easier to parse than the NN-violating service.
The question is if they're purely consulting agencies with little room for expansion or if they're direct hire.
Agreed. At least with maps, there is a better case for shaping/etc. than arbitrary ThrottleOn of video.
At least it's not a u-tron or IBM space-saver with those headphones. I just settle with my recabled ER4p's and this rare bird of a [keyboard](https://i.imgur.com/UZpSNT8.jpg).
The cops were there to defend the criminals, just like Rotherham.
Yes.
No root, no care. Or Blackberry could make a more developer friendly qwerty keyboard phone.
Ticket Scalping: Not Even Once.
I think that the bigger question is what remains a solid at 4 billion degrees C.
It's known to be broken and they're wanting to use the excuse of "anti-brigading" tools to break it further. At this point, Reddit no more predictable than Calvinball - whether you are a user or moderator. For users, rules are unpredictably enforced or introduced. For moderators, tools to deal with the effects are piecemeal at best. There really isn't a good way to fix it, as you're trying to use a technical measure to enforce a social narrative.
If they guaranteed an absurdly long amount of updates in exchange for this security, then it might be worth it. Unfortunately, I don't see them doing that - eventually resulting in insecure devices that nobody can patch (since the Priv is too good at keeping people from doing post-warranty support). What would be wrong with taking a page from Sony/Samsung? If you want root/etc, you give up business integration features. Wouldn't bother me one bit.
Pre or post 08/08 T61? (as for your T60p, have you considered making it into a Frankenpad T61? Even rarer, and better.)
They did, except they learned how to outdo Digg at narrative control.
They're also available to RH (from what I've known) as well.
It's SOP for Lenovo to do this to their acquisitions - no different than their acquisitions of IBM's PC/Server divisions. Think of it as Acquire, Wait, Extinguish.
That kills the morale and the company.
&gt; Ultimately, Reddit belongs to the users. The powermods that have taken over in the last few years would beg to differ. All the narrative control tools and expressions of no-confidence in users stand as evidence. ^(*Apparently some other users have not taken well to hearing the truth on the matter.*)
How much further can the Abuse department go until their staff gets canned for being a liability? One can only go so far with Calvinball.
That started in the 1980's. Non assimilating individuals, combined with government contempt of their citizens, changed the country in not the best of ways. Related note: It's not also called Londonistan without a very good reason.
Yup
Looks like some clone.
Only if you fail to deny them ground, which is doable with military action.
The [Thinkpad Advanced Dock](http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/ThinkPad_Advanced_Dock), last featured in the ~~T61~~ T400/T500(?), would beg to differ.
Things like this are why I exclusively buy from the top tier workstations. The bad stuff either comes late if at all.
Then we can assume the score as being deeply negative. Is there a change that *doesnt* assume the users are a problem versus a source of feedback?
Some main issues: 1) The keyboard and indicators: Aside from the ~~black~~ gray sheep W54x and W550s, the layout has remained sane. 2) Optical drive bays: They're still around and available as a fixed disk bay. 3) Displays: They weren't always IPS, they definitely aren't 4:3 (or even 16:10), but they were always available with tons of pixels (especially with the W70*ds). 4) Maintenance friendliness: The extra space and size allow for easier opening/sealing of system components.
Combine it with SB1070-like mandatory enforcement of existing laws and give it teeth.
&gt; Sharing economy Stopped reading there.
Too much change towards appeasing the SOCJUS crowd under the excuse of "common sense" or "decency". For the large part, words like racist, misogynist, and the like have been redefined as "Person disagrees with leftists". Oh, and GFY brigadiers.
This is what you have to do when you don't have removable batteries.
It would diminish that shield. Agencies would not want to lose their license (and any above board clients) and would drop high-risk clients (such as clients with illegals). The supply of agencies willing to serve high-risk clients would decrease, placing a premium on the few that remain.
Those people are called Luddites.
&gt; "privacy concerns" Shorthand for Luddites that don't understand the good uses.
&gt; self-centred, 30-something yuppie and gay ... not that there's anythyng wrong with it That's San Francisco, the Berkeley area, and the entire gentrified portions of Silicon Valley.
When the game thinks the wall is the ground, this happens.
At least Sanders isn't known for legendary lies (redefining the word 'is'), sexual misconduct (Lewinsky and what Bill did on a certain island), and/or murder (Vince Foster, Benghazi, Arkanicide).
...and father.
Vote your conscience with a write-in or (very reluctantly) throw in for Trump.
Are they just looking to hire an H1-b and throw this out as proof of "we couldn't find a citizen"?
Then what happens if regulation shifts to make it more expensive to do these "one-night stands" versus regularized work? At the very least, make contract/temporary/etc. work something that can be bypassed except through non-duressed consent.
Agencies really aren't that good if you deal with them as the talent. When you're the (easily replaced) product, they don't give a darn about you.
It comes at the cost of dragging the developed nations (read: NATO-defined First World) down. There will be no Golden Age, but more like a Gilded Age. It also incentivizes fraud and abuse of immigration laws, preferring that developed nations' citizens remain on welfare programs for the rest of their lives.
Decline? No. Plateau? Yes. One can only go so far with those countries before they end up being the target of an offshoring effort *themselves*.
With all the fraud and abuse required to sustain guest worker and offshoring programs, that is complete bollocks.
There are plenty of existing STEM majors that can fill in the gap, they're just viewed as "too free" by having a US citizenship.
Only if you believe the Vivek Fraudwha school of thought, or work for a firm like [Cohen &amp; Grigsby](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCbFEgFajGU). There's only a shortage of people that will accept absurdly low compensation for absurdly high expectations.
Thought as such, given the lower-tier benefits package and general treatment of her as chattel versus investment.
So this is the kind of narrative Reddit approves while trying to silence the events in Europe under various smears? /u/Neo2199: Never imply ownership in the event of a dildo... always use the indefinite article a dildo, never your dildo. *^(-Apologies to Fight Club.)*
Nice way for the article to front-load the language, OP. That, and the economists invoke their favorite abstraction, the "consumer", to enhance the appeal of their argument.
That following was largely fake, with numbers pumped up from a small amount of anti-Trump individuals in the UK (and outside the UK).
ITT: Xiaomi shills that probably have whitelist status. (HTC and Sony look a lot more reasonable for their unlock procedures by comparison)
The trouble is that the unlock procedure is arbitrary enough to cause more harm on the brand than good. Edit: Really? Is this what passes for Xiaomi PR?
&gt; Trousers, thankyouverymuch. And I'm a bloke. So...personhood? I dunno :D Brotherhood of the traveling trousers.
Extreme from whose perspective? In the case of leftists, they're already speaking (and silencing others). In the case of everyone else, it would serve to out various established groups such as SJW's.
Most of the downvotes I've seen have gone towards Xiaomi critics.
The city might have some very strict rules, but we're not to be mistaken for a HOA gone wild. Keep your yard clean, move your cars when required, do 25 on Patterson, and you should be fine. Regarding stereotypes: We're not all folks of the Runnymede/Carter-Talbott/Deep Hollow Rd persuasion. While you will run across them, you'll encounter more individuals across all walks of life (even Section 8!) that live within the city. Source: Very long-term resident of Oakwood (nearly 30 years).
Actually, revenue enhancement (public safety) is only one part of their training. They're also trained in fire and medical services.
Perhaps France would do well to allow its citizens to protect themselves. Self-defense is not racist.
&gt; Has Iran ever indicated that they'd like to bomb the US? Since the late 1970's. The current Iranian regime hates the US with the fire of a thousand suns and have no love for the US's regional ally, Israel. Speaking of things, does Israel have the right to defend herself, especially from countries like Iran? &gt; Conversely, has the US ever indicated it wanted to bomb Iran, or see regime change? Not in this US administration. Obama ignores hostages and forces the US military to be submissive while handing the store over to Iran. Doesn't help that one of the US's lead advisers, Valerie Jarrett, has ties to the current Iranian regime. There's more indications that they'd like to see the US be a &gt; Even Iran has a right to self defense. With the sanctions in place, they've still managed to cover that quite nicely. Besides, it's not as if they have thugs of a common feather (China and Russia) to provide them with second-rate hardware.
Looks like the Bad Economics brigadiers came to your post. In force.
&gt; So in the short-term there is some pain, but in the long-term it's a wash, and the GDP still gains however little. All the while, this probably did some very large amounts of good for Mexicans, which is always nice from a moral perspective. Yet not so nice when you see companies close up shop and/or threaten their existing staff with a Mexico (or equally Third World) move. Immoral uses of game theory and information asymmetry run rampant. &gt; Caliendo and Parro do some work of their own on the effects of NAFTA. They find that NAFTA increased real wages for workers by 0.17%; small, but hardly a loss. De La Cruz and Riker estimate a smaller increase in real wages (0.005%) Alleged gains of 0.17% and 0.005% are statistically insignificant. In light of the losses incurred by citizens, that is a double loss - in wages and opportunity. &gt; that numerous industries actually hired more unskilled workers, though the net effects were small in all sectors. ...in non-US countries. &gt; And that's just NAFTA. Free trade further back in history has had a less ambiguous effect, one that is/was wholly beneficial to the US. ~~Evidence~~ **Think tank pressure may** show that free trade works, which is why ~~economists~~ think tanks overwhelmingly support it. To speak that well of NAFTA requires the complete and utter blindness to harm or "on net" qualification statement. Has an economist even *tried* to prove harm akin to the studies that prove the negative effects of offshoring?
That would work better if it was less one-sided (read: address the general lack of female aggressors).
&gt; Again, on net it was a gain. That's what my stats showed. Again, I state that it is statistically insignificant to not be worth the losses across multiple regions. The gains are small enough to only be an argument point for the professions impacted by NAFTA. That gain might as well be a loss given that the timespan would have to be unreasonably long to &gt; This whole "companies close up shop" argument is independent of NAFTA. Not when it was part and parcel of what did happen (if only faster) after NAFTA. &gt; You have to prove that every economist who tried to isolate the effect of NAFTA didn't see this effect, because as I showed the overall effect on employment was virtually nil. They sure aren't going out of their way. &gt; The study is about US labor markets. Why are you saying "non-US countries"? NAFTA opened some big floodgates to countries that have a business-friendly form of despotism. Such countries are natural attractants to trade treaties. &gt; Studies have looked at the effects on specific industries of offshoring. They also look at the whole effect of NAFTA. Trade leads to more winners than losers, but that doesn't mean no one loses. Still, it's not by the few that we judge how good things are, but whether it's better for most Americans. And NAFTA fits the bill. That's a very huge writeoff of larger parts of the country for an agreement promoted by lies. Trade's fine when it's not used as a means to extract more out of a developed country by threatening to send it to a less-developed one.
&gt; H1-B's, correct? Yes. Not only do they get a pass on lying about credentials, their shoddy work contributes greatly to "noise". Sometimes one is required to train them, replacing well-qualified individuals with persons of unknown quantity. I would agree that going much further than that would be more of a political question. &gt; I'm assuming you're referring to the mandatory health care provisions in the ACA? With as much that is seen as being offered by agencies (especially when their listings out the client), I would have to say yes. If one does not treat the entry part of the pipeline (or even other parts) with respect, one will lose the "signal" part of talent. About the only type of contractors I'd even want to touch with a 10' pole would require (and be willing to process in the case of not having one) a security clearance.
Rephrased, treat those at the beginning of (or elsewhere) their IT careers with a bit more respect than cannon fodder. No sense in losing good talent to burnout from excessive contract uncertainty. (Not sure where you got 50K, but that still is on the low end of good work for my area - SW Ohio)
The staffing/temporary help industry. They exist mainly to dodge benefit laws (not just the ACA).
There is a subreddit for that.
&gt; com.tmobile.pr.adapt That's the T-Mobile diagnostics application. Given that it wants to check to see if you are rooted, it would be advised to disable/deactivate/remove it.
Only in theory and rarity.
Only a gain for long enough terms to sweep the displaced under the rug. No sale.
Even better than the Z3. The T-Mobile edition did offer 32GB as another sweetener though.
Even the ones used by General Dynamics?
Only if you didn't have a CRT with bad ghosting.
The 50 Mao shills are out in force.
&gt; How did you want it to be negotiated? In a way that doesn't result in non-binding statements for the public while reserving mandates for certain interest groups. Or in a way that doesn't end up being another funnel from the developed countries to the despotic/developing ones (like WTO, PNTR(US/China), NAFTA, CAFTA, TPP, TTIP and similar, but not necessarily like early rounds of GATT). My point wasn't that law-making bodies weren't negotiating for these bills, but that they were waiting for the mystery meat to become not mystery meat. The game theory explanation of secrecy kind of went out the window when the pre-released text showed a very disturbing and not-so-very good directions for these trade treaties. With that all said, has there ever been a trade treaty in this last century that wasn't negotiated as deliberate mystery meat? &gt; TPA is designed so that trade deals won't be amended, it shouldn't have anything to do with whether or not they pass. Then it would have no need for a provision to lower thresholds so low that it's harder to oppose it. It would simply say that it would could only go to a vote unaltered.
Any of the usual suspects that get SOCJUS protection. Chelsea van Valkerburg for example?
&gt; There are plenty of unlimited plans that say (oh we mean 3g btw, your 4g is capped to 1g) in the fine print. AKA the Comcast (and recently, T-Mobile) definition of "unlimited".
Yet the Lyft multiplier would be saner and less attracting of criticism.
With the kind of stuff going on in the East Coast, minmaxing for fuel economy isn't going to work in the deeper parts.
&gt; I live in NJ. Minimizing fuel costs always helps. Plus they reduced the price of Uber in jersey. It isn't even worth driving for Uber in state anymore. Fuck Uber. Wouldn't blame you for that. (side note: Your public transit definitely likes to be a bit spendy on its train system. Looking at them and MTA was a night-and-day difference)
Not much older, but the understanding was that: * 3dfx had better quality but was slower on unwrapped D3D * Nvidia had better framerate, but was shoveling it through with lower quality.
Looks like an A-Body [Chevelle Malibu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chevrolet_Chevelle#Third_generation) (Mid 1970's).
&gt; I honestly don't like how companies will give anti-union videos to their employees during their training. Notably, I've noticed it at both Target and Staples. They try to make it sound like the company is looking out for its employees, but are they really? They only look out for friendly individuals that: * tow the Southern line on labor relations * don't appear on their Lockheed Martin Wisdom radar. The rest are seen as problems in the making.
So they admitted to threatening you if you took legally protected action?
That's the Southern Model of labor relations. In the event of a union, the only politically approved approach is lawfare and intimidation. Anything else, whether initiated by an individual or a corporation (VW for example) will receive an existential threat.
ITT: lots of narrative control. Pardon if there is some skepticism of the police stating that "nothing happened" when the same police, press, and administration tried to sweep Cologne under the rug.
Had mine outlast the laptop (390, I1400, 600E). What are you doing to them?
Ironically, those are the longest lasting ones I have. The large flat topped ones, not so much.
The trouble is that will be abused too easily. Too many narrative control tools exist. It would formalize the carte blanche that certain subreddits get for violating rules.
What community structure? It's been top-down enforced narrative control and delivery for the last few years.
They have to start somewhere.
The issue starts when the users are just passive observers (such as with defaults and certain SOCJUS-hijacked subs).
Thank goodness that Ohio gave up on emissions (1990s excluding Cleveland) and safety inspections (1980s?) for most cars ages ago. About the only way you need an inspection is for salvage titling, where there is an actual need relating to safety. Unlike a lot of countries in the world and a fair amount of US states, the Buckeye State doesn't use inspection fees to push people to lesser cars or enhance government revenue.
Then enjoy your glorified Trabants for most cars while the nomenklatura passes by in something more commonly found in the US.
Enjoy your more expensive cars.
That's because the EU has apoplectic fits for mass-market cars having more than a 2L I4 under the hood.
So a Tesla, Karma, or Smart is fine, but don't you dare bring that high-displacement, deep-bass exhaust of an American car (pre-Mulally Ford, GM, Chrysler)?
So only the well-off, out-of-state, or out-of-country can have anything more than a I-4 shitbox? If the EPA wasn't screwing with car design, or if Texas has more American-sized/priced cars (read:3L V6/I6+ and not &gt;$25k), I would have some sympathy. My car isn't out to kill y'all, but it sure would not be liked by the environmentalists
There's Texas, and there's the leftist outposts that dot the landscape.
I can see it for car *sales* or as a secondary "fix it" for traffic stops, but not for frequencies that scream revenue enhancement.
One can be hopeful that he is successful.
Only if you move the goalposts to define life as beginning at birth, as opposed to conception.
Which constitutes the majority of the upvoted on the thread as well as a fair amount of the downvoters on the thread.
Sanctity of life, something lost on Planned Parenthood.
Pretty much. I'm not at issue with a rules tab. I'm at issue with features that provide a turnkey bureaucracy.
Unfortunately, it looks like Reddit was taking notes for their own use.
Not only is the subreddit name fitting, so is the site that hosts the article.
Yet at the same time it enables large-scale abuse (yes, abuse!). To suggest that it's due to some "troll" problem is a nice handwave.
To think that they'd be the first to go, not the last.
Short of being from some hot-shot university, is there any direct path to a GE division? It seems like about everything GE ends up going through CBTS (or perhaps someone else) for mere mortals.
So you're abdicating all of what made Reddit good (its users, surprisingly) to please the SOCJUS crowd? You've done nothing for the users, but done plenty for narrative control.
The only qualification that matters is being a SJW.
Wear a beam spring.
&gt; Fuyao They sure are trying their darndest to be counted amongst the Daytonians of history with that. &gt; behind two of the larger, if not largest, economic developments in the Dayton area over the past few years It would also be the second time Mr. Cao managed to get a city to help bring something in under the cover of darkness. The first was Moraine's introduction of Fuyao (with the state's help) and the second would be the Fairgrounds.
Yes, but since the CPUs are now rendered non-upgradable as well, there is less of a case to *not* build as far out as possible.
If you can get to the heatsink/fan combo, that's enough to get to the CPU. I'm thinking more of i7 versus the Xeon. If Intel wasn't screwy enough to drop socketed mobile chips, I'd say go ahead with the i7 and upgrade later. That's how I bought my T42p, T60p, W520, and W540 - buy down a step from the highest tier and then upgrade later if desired.
The mask has more than slipped?
Saheed Al-Sahaf from the Information Ministry couldn't tell a lie this well.
This is what happens when the country requires people to look the other way and persecutes *you* for telling the truth.
Duress, or knowing full well that people only come out of desperation, not out of volition?
Nice non-sequitur. So it's fine to defend a captive market that depends on asymmetry?
In other words, a captive market thriving solely on being captive.
And again I say, /#itisanargument /#evenifyoudenyit
Econ, or indoctrination?
[citation needed] /#thatsreallynotanargument
...and be thwarted again by regulators.
Nice way to miss the point completely.
So I take it that it's fine if they impose captive costs, but not fine if they experience them?
As someone that at least has some understanding of classification rules and the consequences for breaking them, you don't get a pass for being media-friendly. Don't like the rules, don't sign up for clearance work. It's stressful, but it's also a very rewarding career path.
&gt; Traitor One, I love you. FTFY for accuracy, knee-jerk brigadiers.
Drop it on Blizzard fans that are indistinguishable from Xbox kids.
They'll be laughing as the card charges back the unusable copies at Blizzard's expense.
Play in a vm.
Wow, that says more about your fanboyism that you resort to anger.
Just saying so doesn't make it not malware. Black box software that intentionally hides its operation is still malware, no matter how you defend it.
Not in a disaster zone you don't - if you value your life where the cops are willing to look the other way.
With the first copy? Definitely - they're going to have to eat that one. With the subsequent (clean) copies? Not so much.
The new GPUs out from AMD and NVidia.
Step 1. Remove back of car.
They may have been in front of another car and the only safe option was to go ahead and around.
It's something that I've seen with Blizzard games (post Diablo 2) that has turned me off on them. They're "scorched earth and ask questions later". Then again, I've been more used to less stringent policies (as exemplified by NCWest/NCSoft, San Andreas era Rockstar) where they don't care too much as long as it doesn't get in the way of revenue.
Ford's doing it worse, thanks to Mulally. Ford US == Ford Europe + a smattering of &gt;4cyl vehicles. At least with GM &amp; Chrysler, there are options that don't look like they're from Europe. For now, I just get by with a Short North powered Oldsmobile and hope to find something better (read: 6cyl+ without a kings ransom)
Mine are all golfcart size imports. If you want bad, try the chrome wheels in some GM cars - salt &amp; brake dust tears right through them. That, and a special place for transversely mounted engines - where transmission repairs gain absurd complexity. (Aside from that, I still welcome any nonexotic V6/V8-powered car from GM - if only they would make them for the US)
Yes, but I'd wait for the TA partition fixes to work before committing to a new release.
Only for lawbreakers. So far, the only threats have come from his opponents. Since they cannot use facts, their only answer is to bus in rioters to intimidate Trump supporters.
&gt; I would like to think that Congress would reign in his power to keep him from being apocalypticly bad. But **Obama** was able to get away with a ton using Executive privilege When he can't get Congress to roll over, he forces through by executive diktat. Platforms like Reddit are in turn used to help silence dissent. Irony: Reddit lives up to its newspeak platform and slaps some excuse.
iPhones tend to be worthless without their owner.
&gt; Globalization is good for the worker—in the long run. The problem is that the workers seem to have read their Keynes ;-) By the time the benefit was supposed to reach them, they're marginalized or dead. (yes, I saw what you did there)
&gt; Well why is SRS allowed to directly link to other subreddits and encourage brigading? They exist as a/an: 1. Home to former admins 2. Admin-granted exemption from the rules 3. Enforcer of INGSOCJUS (SJW) values
&gt; We are seeing the rise of good Chinese brands. Xiaomi are making inroads into the US/European market, and their phones are stellar. Laughable, given that they're mostly knockoffs with Mediatek processors. At least for Sony, there's some things in their favor: 1: Stamina Mode that manages to outdo Doze. 2: They rarely burn up like competitors (LG G4, anyone?) 3: Let me know when anyone short of Nokia manages to to stuff a good 20MP+ sensor in their device.
Tell us how you really feel, don't hold back. (Swimming in the Blizzard koolaid?) Edit: Wow, much brigadeering on my post!
I'll take the sanity of NCSoft or Cryptic over the sue-happy folks at Blizzard.
Establishment or pro-Trump Republicans? That does make a difference. The former has rolled over for Democrats like Clinton while the latter has no issue with attacking her with painful facts.
I'd have to have the source material to do better.
Rebooting always takes off some (at least 1-2%, 5-10% if rebuilding cache) depending on time spent in startup.
Given her reputation with the press, that's not a "tell" as much as it's a "do or else" order. Narrative control isn't just something Reddit does to silence conservatives ;)
Got the same baseless accusation without any response. This makes it crystal clear that arbitrary enforcement is going on.
Short of buying up Reddit and purging nearly the entire staff, this kind of arbitrary action will continue. Their staff has drank the koolaid and want to destroy anyone that refuses.
Same here.
It's one thing to close one or a few lines of work with tech/offshoring. It's another thing to close entire categories of work faster than one can replace them.
At the cost of a few generations of people being swept under the rug and being told to die quickly.
&gt; a job waiting for you at the end of the retraining process Yes. No sense in training without a specific direction or outcome. As it stands now, training/education rarely does anything more than provide a theoretical possibility.
Nothing says one couldn't move it to a more business-friendly Texas. Plenty of people and less toxic of an environment.
Arbitrary, not ambiguous. According to Reddit, it is only "Vote brigading" if done by an unapproved group (read: not SRS/SRD).
If Jim Jones was a political family, he would be the Clintons.
They already have Affirmative Consent, which incentivises prosecution when the victim is of a politically correct background.
Stanford degrees already serve that role. (To think of it, nearly all California-based university degrees do as well)
M13's, F's, SSK's or overdone terminal keyboards reach that price range. Ordinary M's would have to be new-in-box condition to warrant that price.
He was out saving the galaxy two entire generations before the term SJW existed.
The S70, which was a prototype for the x300 series.
N-Key rollover (or at least to 8 keys if over a USB converter).
Can agree with you there. South(Below I70), East(Bexley/Reynoldsburg), Inner-west(670 all the way to 315), and North Columbus (161 near 71/Whitehall) get averaged out by the rest. About the only places that have improved are Short North and the outermost suburbs (such as Dublin, Polaris). Source: Immediate family that lived all over Columbus (N/S/E/W) for decades.
That was before Mike Turner's time as mayor.
Buy up the company, purge it, relocate it, hire non-tumblrinas?
Wouldn't mind seeing a "Old Gawker/New Gawker" split like GM did. Gawker, Kotaku, Jezebel, and the like go on the chopping block while as much of the good side like Jalopnik are preserved with the new entity.
I'm quite sure there isn't a market for intimidation of non-SJW individuals, save for lawyers.
Clinton sure loves Saudi and Chinese money, so it's not like she's playing favorites. On the other hand, that does compromise her ability to serve this country.
SJWs.
Likely for showing the public things that Apple requires an NDA.
About anything that doesn't have authority to put the brakes on it.
The wonders of BZ gas canisters.
&gt; Re: Trabants Trabants, golf carts, lawnmowers, kei-cars, they're all the same thing. They're the antithesis of the open-road culture that still exists in the US. They are also the end product of inspection laws. You might see it as safety-enhancing, but it ends up being a revenue-enhancing, quality-of-life-reducing measure. Never mind that none of this affects the nomenklatura that passes it - as they use the "worst offenders" of vehicles. &gt; i'd rather live under an "oppressive" regime of having to go for an annual inspection (how horrible!) than die "free" crushed by a car with no tread on its tires. I'd rather have it be a voluntary inspection than an additional tax. That's how I handled my tires - replaced them early when I had money, not when it was bureaucratically expedient or MOT required. Besides, I have a car that throws codes just for design issues. Nothing that outright kills the car, driver and/or passengers, but throws them just for components in easy-to-break-or-fry places. Try having a secondary environmental sensor go off just for being splashed in a small puddle. Try having design issues with self-corroding chrome wheels (especially when the factory itself was in Michigan [Orion]). Try having a fuel system that gets eaten up by E85 just because some busybody wanted to use corn. I like my V6-powered, Al-Gore-offending, US-designed-and-built 2 ton piece of Detroit metal. It'd fail inspections in most parts of the civilized-and-regulated world, be taxed at the fuel pump, or be penalized for having 3.5L displacement, but I would not trade it for anything less. &gt; I certainly wouldn't feel very free when my torso was pressed between a tree trunk and a front fender Such events happen independently of inspections.
That's called Narrative Control, something that has made Wikimedia go far left.
Talk about an epic smear on your part, implying that any effort to rebuild is automatically racist - just because some known racists show up. You're essentially saying that if you're not with Reddit's leftist narrative, you are deemed "racist" and must be destroyed.
Nice smear there and attacks downthread. You essentially want to use accusations and allegations of "racism" and "hate speech" to silence polite conversations that fall outside the Reddit approved narratives (read: if it's not leftism, Reddit must destroy it). That, and TMOR's brigadeering calls aren't exactly making them good source material. I'd suggest you (and your fellow compatriots) look in the mirror when searching for racism or hate speech, since there is a complete lack of tolerance for challenges to leftism (especially when individuals with diverse backgrounds reject it).
&gt; We are nearly fully staffed on our Community team, and will continue increasing support for moderator teams of major communities. In other words, they need more people to help enforce the leftist/SJW narrative.
Looks like a case of: "Bitch, I'm a Bus on a boat! On a boat! On a boat! Bus on a motherfucking boat!"
Except that the way he says it seems to imply otherwise. The implication is that *every* effort that doesn't conform to Reddit's leftism should be questioned and deemed "racist".
Pure justice porn.
Road surface.
Your implication that exiled communities are automatically racist just because of allegations of them being targeted by racists. But don't let that get in the way of your narrative!
It's only the bottom floor if you have no prior IT experience.
Yes, but that's only the X series. The W70x/P70 would have to be some well-done monstrosity. The W5xx/P50 would be a slightly lesser but still large vehicle. The E series would be some "captive import".
Stanford: "We're huge fans of leftwing bloodlust. It's why scarlet is our school color." Honorable mention: "We're like Berkeley, just with BMW's"
What do Palo Alto, Stanford, and the students know of Turner's hometown except from a very biased media/DA/jury? Nothing.
A lot better than the INGSOCJUS folks elsewhere. "Bigotry" accusations lose their meaning when you arbitrarily throw them around. That is, one doesn't account for bigotry of the left unless it fits a narrative - much like recent history.
Like the DA.
Hinge: Bad, but not as bad as the Acer-era i1xxx machines. Touchscreen: It's matte, so fingerprints aren't too big of a problem. My biggest beef (battery aside) is that it lacks a Thinklight. Granted, a flat screen has no place for one, but relying on an absurdly bright touchpanel isn't the best idea.
Some more: **A30p/A31p/T4*p:** Land Rover, mostly for GPU issues. **Bumpgate T61p:** BMW 850 V12. Lots of fun &amp; trouble. **T60/T60p/Frankenpad T61:** A W124 platform car for being overengineered. **W5xx/P50:** Somewhere in between a modern AMG E series and a regular G class. Consider the W550s as the SL AMG version. **Acer-era Thinkpads:** Older Maseratis (1980's). High-maintenance, corner-cutting machines that carried the Thinkpad name. **Thinkpad 850/860:** Aston Martin Lagonda (1980's).
Turner's hometown is known more for its wealth, garnering envy and disdain for being home to supposed "privilege" and "discretion". In turn, Stanford, much less the region around it, is known for a far greater amount of wealth &amp; privilege. With this in mind, criticism based on supposed privilege of Turner's family is logically inconsistent at best. At worst, it identifies someone more interested in using it as a political hobby horse versus asking for impartial justice.
That, and they adapt: * Technology to fit necessity - as opposed to shunning it outright. * Themselves to be accepted while retaining their own beliefs.
Yes, but the kids have to drive *something* that isn't available to most people.
About every major/default.
701C/CS: Citroen 2CV 600: W120 360PE/700T/730: Some kind of "before its time" kind of car. Thinkpad R: Some sort of cut-down version of whatever T series could be. Thinkpad G: 1973 Mustang. 200 series: Honda CRX.
Not trendy enough.
One more reason not to trust the media, much less the Establishment GOP that's trying to hobble Trump. Everything and the kitchen sink is being thrown at him, yet people stand with Trump even more. His competitor only seeks to divide and threaten - and only after hearing what a focus group tells her to say. Naturally, that will strike a nerve with those trying to "Correct The Record".
The same BBC that is bigoted against non-diverse individuals (read: anyone that doesn't fit the SOCJUS mold)? Not surprised.
What about the bigotry and violence directed at Trump &amp; his supporters? He's speaking some very painful truth that can't be filed away as "hate". Never mind that his opponent accepts cash from and is supported by bigots all over the world, and harasses anyone that dares question her.
It helps them skip critical thinking and jump straight to the attack.
You definitely get what I am saying. The establishment GOP is about as clueless as the Democrats at parsing Trump. He doesn't cave in response to attacks on his actions - which is largely unprecedented within the Beltway. All the violence and accusations of bigotry directed towards Trump &amp; supporters hasn't changed that quality. Democrats are worried since they don't know how to attack while the establishment GOP doesn't know how to provide defensible support.
I highly doubt that Trump is calling for violence towards his supporters, at his own rallies. Can you explain the repeated riots and violence that follow Trump rallies? They can't refute his message peacefully, but resort to violence and smears.
Politically speaking, he has a spine - something that largely doesn't exist. They don't know how to parse it and can't figure out whether to support him. As for the poll, it's a CBS poll - not exactly known for accuracy. It's similar to asking Fox to do a poll on Hillary. Bias or not, he has changed the political landscape.
Then explain why the disputed portion have: * been brought in with deep secrecy * are composed of very few Christians of the region * are more often than not males of military age * insist on not integrating positively with their neighbors * are not taken in by their own in matters of refugees It's neither irrational nor prejudicial to note facts and to take precautions to protect ones own life. Political correctness won't save you from a threat that thrives on it - as evidenced by recent attacks. Never mind that relying on political correctness has resulted in failure more than success. As for the ones that live here, that depends on whether they wish to accept and integrate themselves with others. If one is more interested in prosperity and success, peace will prevail.
I can see clearly that the day has dawned :P
Anywhere they can go unchallenged, since they can't withstand scrutiny.
It's ISIS, or Daesh. I've only stated that Obama's conduct has provided the opening for groups like ISIS to expand. His lack of decisive action - aside from restraining the military/Border Patrol/LEO's from doing their job - is worth mentioning as a contributory factor towards helping our enemies expand. In addition, the Iranian deal is definite evidence of being against the US's own interests. At least with Carter, he had some sense of pride of this country, making horrible mistakes (from Panama to Iran). Obama seems to have started with anger towards his own country in 2009. Clinton just wants to smite everything and everyone that gets in the way of her coronation. If those "professionals" are fearful of Trump's advocacy of a decisive solution, they're likely to be wrong. They fear someone that is willing to lead, versus waiting for a focus group recommendation.
So the tl;dr version is: * Individual takes two [former] coworkers hostage after being denied a promotion * APD/SWAT/Medical arrives to secure scene and remove bystanders * Two officers end standoff by shooting and killing the suspect
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need *roads*.
So you saw Fark go that way too - was a complete 180 from their usual position and in lockstep with many other sites at the time. I noped it out of there since it was obvious that they "had a chat with Denton".
The new Ghostbusters.
This isn't BadEcon. We don't need another pair of NAFTA-eclipsing failures. If anything, every trade treaty down to GATT needs a good purge - no matter how loudly the proponents scream. Anything after that can be re-negotiated openly - with the binding promise of it benefiting developed country citizens first, especially the displaced. Besides, if they were so good, they wouldn't need to hoodwink the public. It also puts some suspicion on the ILO (and other organizations) for being given early access to decidedly hostile texts.
Nice ad hominem attacks, but my point is still valid. The kind of oversight you want cannot exist. You're concerned only about the IP/ISDS portions while giving a pass on all the rest of TPP/TTIP. Better to scrap it all and start over - on a honest, sound, pro-citizen basis. NAFTA is bad enough, no need for a second pair of much larger trainwrecks.
That was when Reagan walked the earth and when the state was more like Texas.
Texas would like to have a word with you about the businesses that have left due to California regulations. That, and I hear there's a drought there in California - *made worse* due to environmental policy. The same kind of policy that hates anyone that isn't as resourceful as the nomenklatura of Silicon Valley.
&gt; I'm not sure about environmental policy but the drought in California is probably mainly due to the fact that it rarely rains over here. No rain = drought. Ok, I'll be more specific. They made the drought that much worse by their environmental policies.
If you count France's no-go zones and restrained police, they don't. If you count the more traditional France, then I'd chalk that up to their way of life.
Given the offshore outsourcing, I dunno.
Well earned.
Magnet and done. If anything, things like these tend to identify the prima donnas that aren't worth the time or money.
Someone's scared of sheepdogs?
The only jackass that's there in those cases is the performer.
A late tortoise.
Only if you think a room full of arrogance is great.
Only if this practice ends up generating a decline in sales.
The tolerance of the left, summarized in one photo. (The brigading on this post only proves me right)
In the case of Reddit (and the left in general), they just call it "hate speech".
More people than you think. They see and recognize the truth, not the media's attacks. They know of the threats made within and without. They recognize Trump as standing for this country while his opponents are known for standing for our enemies. With Trump, you see freedom, success, and prosperity; with his opponents, you see censorship, failure, and/or death. *^(Besides, if he really isn't a threat, why is he attacked so much? He has a message that resounds with ordinary Americans.)*
R.0: Breaks Reddit narrative.
Yes. They can't help but let their own intolerance shine.
They as bad as I think they are (given your description)?
From the same site that petitioned for a Death Star, and from a lot of people that don't know about sentencing guidelines. But their toxicity gets a pass.
They didn't do a bad job on the Mustang, but it's not the pony car from the 1960's. When Mulally had everything (save for the Mustang and Fx50 trucks) get axed or replaced by Ford Europe, that all but turned me off of Ford. I can tolerate some of their styling, but not if it means a turbo-dependent engine (not having to do premium is a *good* thing). I'd rather go Chrysler just for that alone, and that's from a long time with Ford/GM.
Found the scalper.
That is why judges are meant to be impartial. You might not like the sentence, but you'll have a scenario where you wanted leniency for an individual. In addition, people who hate the sentence also oppose the recall - as it would remove the ability to be impartial due to threat of popular opinion.
Why limit yourself? Chinook, Osprey, or even a [Mil](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mil_Mi-26) are available.
At the rate for Super Colon Blow (a 2000000:1 ratio of regular bowls per SCB bowl), consumption can be expressed as follows: 2000000 bowls/(10 bowls/day) : 547.6 years, or 20 generations before that pyramid of cereal is completely consumed. Of course, some people are impatient and want all of it in one serving. To satisfy those brave souls, we assume a 150g mass of Super Colon Blow+milk and a generous half-hour to consume it: (2000000 * 150g)/(30 minutes) : This would be the equivalent of 300000kg of regular cereal, going through you at a wonderful rate of 10000kg/min. Shame would be the furthest thing from your thoughts as your gut handles the entire breakfast consumption of a large city, spewing out like a obscene pressure washer.
They're the BBC. The UK is the last of their concerns.
This isn't [Washington &amp; Lee University](https://www.google.com/search?q="John+Doe+vs+Washington+%26+Lee").
In both cases: Leftists don't care about victims, logic, reason, or impartial justice - they only care about political points.
&gt; I get that it wasn't enough to justify a recall, but again, it's still a bullshit sentence. He gave the man a light tap on the wrist. Judges dole out bullshit sentences every day, this is just another one. The only reason the outrage persists is that it denied the *proper* political victory. If you want to see absolute and complete bullshit, look up the John Doe vs Washington &amp; Lee University case. Same attitude towards the accused, except that there was no rape at all - just an unfounded accusation empowered by a one-sided "arbitration" panel. They make Stanford look like rank amateurs with respect to the response towards Doe. &gt; And this kid may not come from Privilege Valley, but he, as an individual, is still privileged. Only if you measure him on a politically-derived or non-absolute scale, throwing logic &amp; reason out the window.
Definitely agree. Took 2 Astros with them (85, 99) over 220k each. Still have the 99, wouldn't be surprised to see the 85 on the road. Only major repairs were to fix factory related screwups.
Thought the Oldsmobile diesel (1980s) was the worst. Between its design and driver expectations, it died very quickly.
Only if you consider the growth of middlemen as a "good thing".
The United States, Hong Kong, India, and a few other places would like to have a word with you about that.
That question was answered in the 1980's, with the move to accept more non-assimilating individuals.
At least Cameron knows when he's lost. The people spoke, rejecting the lies and empty promises of globalism. That's one thing that cannot be purged or (omitted) from history.
The existing arrangements haven't worked out too well, especially for Britons. Why can't they be denied the choice to seek more friendly allies? If anyone is "low information", look at the technocrats in the EU, especially Germany and Belgium.
This is England, not Deliverance.
Move to Scotland. I hear they no longer have the desire for independence.
It's as if Texas decided to become an independent nation.
Also a bad pun referring to the Jimmy Savile scandal.
/r/omitted is supposed to be a pun as well.
They're being more than just mere sore losers, they're trying to sabotage any chance of fulfilling the will of the people. As pointed elsewhere, the [largely pro-EU] media sees the votes &amp; voters as innately wrong. Had it been stay, various major media outlets would launch various insults at how "backwards" the Leave camp would be for not accepting a mandate from the people. There was no way that the Leavers would not be getting some flak for speaking up for independence from the EU.
Never mind that every insult is being directed towards the pro-Leave camp for being "unsophisticated" and not being able to properly interpret worldly matters. The good news: It gives a clear reason why the Trump effort in the US must prevail.
But would they roll the dice a second time if the result was Stay? I highly doubt it. Stay was the "EU approved result" and would signify the end of any polls. They'd still heckle the Leave voters. The EU seems to really not want to trust its own constituencies and views them with the oddest of contempt. It's as if they've forgotten about Charlemagne or the concept of individual freedom.
While it might not be legally binding, it would be a big mistake to not implement it that way. They would do well to exit without delay or attempts to corrupt the effort. The pro-EU media seems to be the driving force behind this false remorse. They were caught unawares by how strong the will was to leave the EU and are trying to change/control the narrative. As a result, we see a lot of articles that boil down to "How dare they question their betters [in Brussels], they don't know what's good for them!" Naturally, this doesn't sit well with pro-EU individuals.
In other words, they'll go about negotiating a prompt exit path.
In the EU, you get all the Mulligans you want as long you're trying to get the "correct" opinion.
&gt; ...48%... Let Scotland go, and your 48% goes way down. &gt; And undoubtedly a lot of young people who didn't care and didn't pay attention and now suddenly are faced with major consequences for their lives (studying and working abroad could potentially become 1000x harder and more expensive dependant on how the negotiations go). People that might do well to have asked the first people that voted to go in the EU. That is, the ones that voted for it and ended up with about 40 years of regret. If they asked, found criticism, and *still* wanted to remain, that's at least being well informed. Just because they're not in the EU doesn't mean that they're going to not be friendly. It means that the EU doesn't have control over the UK. Never mind that the US is prepared (despite the attempts of an equally EU-supporting Obama) to support the UK in trade deals.
It would further entrench the EU as even more out-of-touch with the governed. Besides, most of these "remorse polls" have come from very EU-friendly/supporting publications (i.e. The Economist). If the British wanted out of the EU, let them have their exit, even if it was not the sanctioned result. The people with some wisdom wanted to leave and try something different - since they have seen the EU largely not work for them. ITT: near-instant downvotes for Leave.
Explains the Bay Area universities perfectly.
&gt; B, H-1B, F, TN If you're on any of those in the US, you deserve whatever comes at you. Too much fraud/abuse to bother.
You want to see an actual East Germany, look to Merkel's Germany. The closest equivalent in the US is found on the West Coast.
Then allow them to apply any costs incurred towards taxes.
Yes. Due to the variability in human bodies, I decided against figuring out the outbound pressure for digested Colon Blow. Let's just say that you'll be blasting through porcelain and cracking thin concrete. Calculating it properly was just as humorous as the original video.
Speed holes for the engine, and aftermarket ventilation for the doors.
Why did I think that I'd hear about crankwalk when I clicked on this post?
Back when a rear-wheel V8 was still an ordinary-car thing.
So you're insulting someone that happens to exemplify the goals of feminism?
Hillary won't go anywhere that can't be controlled (mediawise). The world can't wait for the focus groups or consultants.
ITT: A whole lot of people defending murder by moving the goalposts of life to unscientific places.
This is a very big case of "just because you can doesn't mean you should". A "do you really want the GOP to become the next Whig Party" sized case. It'd be like the Democrats uttering Order 66, nominating Sanders, and giving the Clinton political apparatus apoplectic fits. It doesn't change the fact that you are saying that the regular people's votes mean nothing if they're for the "wrong" person. That in itself is disenfranchisement enough. Thanks to the will of the people, it is too late to try Calvinball.
At the same time, we see Clinton deliberately avoiding an uncontrolled public presence, almost as if they thought themselves as royalty. Unlike Trump, she can't fight anyone unless the opponent's hands are tied. What might seem like "good strategy" to the establishment isn't having any good returns.
Almost every Remain voter.
The media's naturally pro-Democrat. Of course, there's going to be bias against Trump.
In addition to being unlocked, it's also rootable without KNOX trip? That's about what would seal the deal here given Samsung's checkered history with developers.
Too much, too little, but there's the same outrage from the same suspects. They read the charge, then skip to outrage before even thinking to read the background information. This is why we have a justice system based on *laws*, not by *people*.
Inaccurate. Two consenting individuals got drunk and one of them ended up passing out before the other noticed. Usually, this gets sorted out where there's no charge. But since it's a far-left state like California, where prosecution is easier than consent, exonerating details like that don't get noticed. In the event California goes back to being more like the state of Reagan, versus the state of enraged leftists, I hope he gets a pardon or commutation.
Only for employers that put outrage before sanity. They'd have not been a match even if he was exonerated. For the rest that are sane enough to look over it, not so much. He's going to do relatively well despite the efforts at extrajudicial double jeopardy.
...and female/minority/both if in left-wing states.
So the facts only matter when it's not in his favor, but not when it is? That's about what you're saying. Unclear consent doesn't automatically favor the woman unless it's in a politically-derived court, like that of the Bay Area.
Good or bad, that was well played. I don't think the Vive is rated for high heat or fire though.
That's not what the courts say, but it's what the Bay Area seems to say.
Ideology of the maintainer(s), especially if they have a CoC. That shows they're less interested in code versus pushing politics.
In other words, you're more concerned about diversity than competence.
So you would trade competence away just to have the "right mix"? That would do more harm than good. Never mind that men don't have a lock on awkwardness - it's a part of humanity. Sexism much?
&gt; Also, lack of diversity can get us in trouble. So some kind of mandated quota system. Even if you can't help it, that's still a problem. I do agree that one can train some competence, but it requires the person to be trainable - even if they're socially awkward.
Run far, far away from that.
