Nah. She's not. It's just the idea of a woman president that people are pushing. I think Hilary would be a terrible choice.
I have 75/77. I'm missing one in the Hollows on Mara but it's glitches and I can't get it. Idk what the second missing ghost is. The site says I have all but the Mars one.
Could you expand on your feeling about protection with guns?
Yes. Chico was an English bull terrier.
Pssh. My team only uses Khvostovs.
Saw this during skirmish. Even a nova bomb wasn't enough to kill the enemies.
If you're in the lower NY area, I'd be happy to take you to a range. As for safety, I don't own a home defense gun. Just a .22 and a Mosin-Nagant carbine. Neither is great for stopping an intruder while indoors. But I'd get a handgun, shotgun or maybe an ar-15 for defense and to shoot. I don't think that automatically having an HD gun will make me safer, that's silly. But if something does happen, and my family is threatened, I'd want something that will stop the threat. I strongly believe that people should be able to defend themselves and their families. Especially in their own home.
http://msmagazine.com/blog/2013/06/12/my-month-with-a-gun-week-one/
How do you play battleship at the range?
Are you serious about 32+ only? Its a level 30 raid.
If you are covered in sand use talcum powder. Put some in your hand then you can brush any sand right off.
I saw the green version just yesterday. I was confused since I thought people had been using green guns for IB.
He got 80,000 for winning the Belmont Stakes. So it's at least the plus the Triple Crown winnings. (Although idk if he has to take out some to pay his agent and stuff)
You forgot to put in your gamer tag.
Hey, you got two elements for the price of one.
What was the strategy?
I bought kellbreakers grips for my titan first week. (125 strength) Then I got judgements chance and got kellbreakers grips (50~ int, 50~ strength). The instant I tried it, I lost all trust in the system.
I would build crazy coasters but everyone would pussy out and not ride it. I made a train ride that was an 8x8 square with a 1 unit high bump on one side of the square. It was my most popular ride.
For pc I liked "where in time is Carmen sandiego" Doom, quake (3 and team arena especially) Roller coaster tycoon Age of empires II On my sega dreamcast I'd say: Sonic adventure, virtua tennis, Star Wars episode 1 pod racing (DUD BOLT!), ready to rumble boxing, soul calibur II, probably more I can't think of now.
If yall need a third, I'm down. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Do you mean exos have a specific human's consciousness in each one or a consciousness designed by humans? Or did the exos become self aware at some point? All at once or individually. Damn your post it's got my mind racing.
I checked a rifle once and it was pretty easy. When I was getting my bags at the carousel bag claim, my rifle case was being held by airport staff. Meaning there's no chance of someone walking off with it from baggage claim.
I waited until the carousel was empty then started getting worried so I asked an attendant who sorted me out and got my gun.
Planets?
I went to England with my family when I was really young. We went to a park with a princess Diana memorial. It was a tree with a fence around it and people tossed coins over the fence to be next to the tree. Me being young and clueless didn't know anything except, 'hey there's a bunch of coins on the ground (the fence didn't block coins from rolling under the fence and back outside the circle). My parents got dirty looks until they noticed my dumb ass happily scooping up coins.
Bloomberg tried to ban large sodas and failed. But I don't like Bloomberg so I don't mind. He's a control freak.
I guess I should've clarified in my original post. No I'm not. Agnostic leaning towards atheist. (I don't think there's a god but I can't know for sure)
Oh. No. I was raised catholic.
I liked the setting and theme. I read a lot of tintin books and thought the plucky kid/adventurer/roguish hero in the early 29th century was always a really cool thing to read or watch.
In my hometown there's a police support organization where you can donate and you get a supporters badge. It looks similar to a police badge. All the corrupt assholes in my town are buddy buddy with the police commissioner so they can get away with blatant shit. One "supporter" (briber) was arrested for concealed carry of a weapon w/o a permit and impersonating a police officer after flashing his supporter badge to cops from a different city.
Good thing the Supreme Court sorted that out in 2008.
You can get a legal gun permit if you are rich/famous/well-connected. (For carrying) Long guns (rifles and shotguns) need to be registered and need a different permit just to keep them in your house/apartment. Nyc laws are stricter than some f ny state. But NY has really strict (and stupid) laws compared to most other states.
Forget about guns for a minute. If someone tries to punch you and you dodge and punch them back, knocking them out, did you attack them?
I didn't say that.
It changes occasionally. Idk of there's a way to spawn one or the other.
Fair enough. But your original comment seemed to imply that a counterattack is a negative thing. I just want to get your thoughts on that. Do you think that Implementing a counterattack to stop an assailant is a bad thing?
Nah. Some local bullshit.
That rule sucks. I understand it but I still think its dumb.
It looks like a salt block. And I think they game is called saltlick
Two cannibal midgets in a fat guys ribcage
I made mine Stable 99. It's very charismatic.
Antigun chucklefucks showing the common citizen that the constitution is no better than toilet paper in their eyes.
Was the glitch possible without the swarm grenade hitting anyone? I read about it but the description of the glitch was a little wonky.
Dang that sounds worse than I thought it was
I think it might be a wrench of some kind. It's a 3 1/4" metal rod. About a 1/4" thick. I think it's steel. On the tip (opposite the keyring) there is a small round ball, sort of like the ones on ratchet socket wrenches to hold the socket in place.
I think you're right. I'm trying to see if theres something I can get for this specific one. It might make a useful attachment for my keys. Thank you. I'm marking this post Likely Solved.
I'm trying to figure out what to use it for. I have a similar thing on my key ring. But idk how I'd use this type of pin.
It's probably cheaper and easier to have someone write a bunch of cool awesome stuff rather than make a storyboard, character models, visual fx etc.
I volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity Restore. We don't have such a truck now but maybe they used to. It's just a metal rod to hold heavy loads in place then?
If you mean the favorite weapon that one crucible sells, I'd say the Saterienne Rapier. My favorite weapon to use in the crucible is probably Queenbreaker's Bow.
If people have the right to their lives, they have the right to defend their lives too. A firearm is an effective tool for that.
I remember Hannibal Buress came to Notre Dame. Some bitchy girl started complaining about him doing Easter jokes. My friends were dying laughing but some of the other students were frying eggs and grumbling about Jesus.
How about your stupid assumptions about gun owners?
Would that be labeled a negligent discharge?
It's not an assumption it's a fact. But you are assuming that most of all gun owners fall into the dangerous category.
You agreed that getting into a car with someone with a firearm is scary. A terrifying thought. Your assumption is that the person with the gun is planning some nefarious act.
I said that you agreed that being in a car with someone with a gun is scary. This was the comment that you agreed with:"As someone from the UK, the thought of getting into a car with someone with a firearm is terrifying, passenger or driver, especially if I then have to tell them where I live! US gun culture is weird and scary." You knew that I said that and lied about me. Saying that nothing I said was true. I'm sharing my opinion with you and everyone in this thread. I'm sorry if you're annoyed with different perspectives but this is Reddit and there's going to be people who don't agree with you. Telling me to leave, or telling people to specifically stop up voting me (even though this conversation does seem to be generating lots of discussion) isn't how this works.
It would probably be manslaughter.
I'd bet that someone mad enough to go and kill someone will still be willing to kill after a few days.
You're thinking of cops.
Good to know.
Just ask a coworker who they would recommend you ask for a reference.
I'm pretty sure a mass shooting is defined as 4 or more people being shot.
Clever clever creature
There's an episode where for some reason the girls go back in time to find the professor at school. He was a jerk who loved mixing chemicals and was kind of an ass. After an accident, the girls save his life and he's so impressed that he grows up and dedicates his life to try and create girls like the ones who rescued him as a child.
The image was removed. Got another link?
Messaged you. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Full
Is there a way to see other submissions to the FO:E pinup contest?
Sweet. This is perfect. Thank you.
Did you want that to come across in Colin Farrell's *True Detective* character's voice? That exactly what I imagined.
Depends on the state. I'm some states you can buy one without a license but you can only keep it in your home or take it to the range/hunting/competition. But you would need a license to. Carry it for self defense. In other states like mine, you need a license just to buy one even if all I want to do is keep it home for self defense.
And regular gun owners
He wanted to make something cool and was able to make it. That's all.
All firearms? Or only allow the state to have them?
I've recently found out about the Mediæval Bæbes. They sing songs in old English and Latin. It's kind of cool. But usually what I listen to depends on my mood and the activity im doing. Sometimes I'll feel like listening to the Melvins, or Marylin Manson or my fallout 3 &amp; new Vegas mix. I have sporadic and varied musical tastes.
Unless you want to nuke the world back to the Stone Age then I would say it's impossible to get rid of all guns. I have a limited knowledge of guns but I could go to a Home Depot and get tools to make a crude shotgun. Given enough time I bet I could make a decent firearm. Unless you get rid of the knowledge of guns, you can't get rid of them. Plus you'd only delay the rediscovery of gunpowder and firearms. Also the mounted division of the NYPD with swords would be pretty awesome to see.
Gun Owners of America, Second Amendment Foundation are two that I can think of off the top of my head.
I think the idea of finding a loaded gun lying around is not a normal thing. I love guns and am comfortable being around them but if I found a unfamiliar gun (not one of mine) lying somewhere like the sidewalk or a car (especially a rental car) I would be concerned and probably report it to the police. I would do so not out of fear of the gun but concern that it was a crime gun. This story reminds me of a report out of Britain where a couple found some spent shell casings in their garden and totally freaked out. Called the police and bomb squad and pretty much shit themselves in fear over old brass.
Never heard of em. But I'll check em out
It's a game of thrones thing
Sometimes the raw footage looks better and (in my opinion) more honest. I liked colion noir' videos on YouTube before he was hired by the NRA. They were less flashy and unscripted which I liked.
Thanks Hilary.
I think you meant martial arts not Martial laws.
Would you give an arm and a leg?
Brojob! Brojob! Choo choo!
I believe he also said that his gun control pushes would be helpful to him as they would drive up the price of his illegal guns.
Remember when CNN was doctoring photos during the Trayvon Martin case to make George Zimmerman looks whiter?
You must be new to Reddit if you think this is weird.
10/10 with rice
Actually there's a bill introduced not too long ago that band a whole bunch of guns. And before anyone comes in with "well it doesn't ban allll guns" A gun ban is a ban on guns. That's it.
I'm hoping this turns into one of those bullshit things on Reddit where enough people buzz about it and the famous person in question (in this case Kobe) gets dragged into meeting the OP's friend
I always forget
Don't forget to post your gamer tag so people know how to message you.
Thank you! I was waiting for someone to get it
They'll help you figure out which sandwich each candidate is best represented by.
And on US soil
These aren't the droids we're looking for.
I think I saw his name in the credits once. Or maybe it was in Archer. I've been binge watching both.
I really hope they revisit that somehow. I'm hanging on to my optimism that BoJack gets some goodness his way in the end somehow. Although I acknowledge there likely won't be.
I like to think that part of his character is loyalty to a fault. Since he's a dog. Kind of like how Princess Caroline is fiercely independent (most of the time) since cats are kind of like that.
Sweet! (I've never played mass effect)
If money was no object id probably buy one out of novelty but it's a stupid feel good concept from people who don't know about or like guns.
Yeah. As if the cops will be the ones carrying "smart guns".
I thought the building belonged to the Bureau of Land Management though.
Actually we have inherent rights. The constitution just says the government can't infringe on them. (Like passing a law to make Christianity the official religion or something)
Regardless of whether or not the ad is inappropriate, the proposed bill is a moronic waste of time that only serves to hamstring lawful gun ownership.
If only they filled out a form of some kind. In a building with CCTV cameras. And had to present ID
As someone who is pro gun I'm not too worried about a law or EO that says "guns are banned" I'm worried about the way gun control has been implemented in the past. Very gradually. Imagine now that we have this rule that says that if you make your business from selling guns you need an FFL. Next there could be an EO outlining a specific number of guns sold per year makes you a seller and requires an FFL. I'm distrustful of all gun control measures. It doesn't mean I don't agree with some of them in theory. But people who want guns banned have seen that an outright ban will not work or have support. So instead they try to chip away at things slowly under the guise of common sense. In my home state of New York for example the gun laws suck. And there's a proposed bill to limit purchases of ammunition to whatever the capacity* of your firearm is, every 90 days. Meaning if I own a single shot rifle I can buy 4 rounds of ammo in a year. *by the way, firearms with a capacity of over 10 rounds is an "assault weapon" and is effectively banned unless it has been put on a registry.
A good example of how money in politics has played out in the gun control debate was when those two democrats supported Bloomberg's agenda and were elected due to his money, passed a bunch of ineffectual gun control laws then were recalled. Just because Bloomberg has the ability to throw $50mil here and there doesn't mean he should get to dictate what laws someone on the other side of the country should push for.
I'm not a member of the NRA yet. I'm wary since I've heard that they are relentless with mailers and stuff, and they support people who are too right wing and religious for my liking but they do help block laws that are bad for gun rights.
I'm registered republican but I'm pretty liberal on most social issues. So I'm not a huge fan of most of the people the NRA promotes. However I'm optimistic that more people like me 20-something, minority (Hispanic in my case), people get into shooting sports and supporting gun rights.
I keep hearing gun show loophole but I've never gotten a clear answer as to what it is. Could you fill me in? (It's one of those phrases you hear on the news a lot but it seems like it's always assumed people know what it means exactly.)
Eh more or less. I feel that people everywhere l should be able to form and express their own opinions and beliefs. And worship or not worship as they want. And live free. (As long as their doing so doesn't infringe on someone else's rights.) But when it comes down to it, there's no such thing as human rights even. It's simply something a big group of humans thought up and codified. Another example is that I think there is a human right to be free of ownership. In other words I don't think any human has the right to own another human. When it comes down to it, that's simply my personal belief and I as an individual don't have the power to enforce that belief on someone else. I'd love for it to be the case that any cases of someone owning another person for labor or sex were looked on as inherently wrong and dealt with in those terms but that's not possible. I guess this was a long way of saying you are technically right.
The puppy is pissing on its own belly or someone is forcing the puppy on its back and pissing on it? Both sound bad.
In my opinion, someone who is in favor of an "assault weapons" ban is definitely not a friend of gun rights.
I have a follow up question after this one: Should people be allowed to sell guns in a private transaction? (For example my uncle gifted me an old rifle of his that was my first firearm and got me into the hobby)
Damn it Shining's face always looks so weird like that. But I've never noticed it with any other characters.
Imagine if that's how naming worked. Your name was your parents names mixed together.
I remember reading something about lightsabers on Wookiepedia about how light sabers have some kind of gyroscope that makes them really hard to handle unless the Weiler is really strong. But I never understood what they meant and for the life of me I can't find it. But if anyone knows more about lightsabers, how can it be hard to handle what is essentially a weightless sword and a likely relatively lightweight sword hilt.
That sale sounds illegal.
Those proposals aren't common sense. They are merely called that to make it seem that anyone who opposes such measures is against "common sense". Which is part of the reason why it's so difficult to have a proper dialogue. One side (progun) distrusts the other side because historically those groups were in favor of banning as much as they could and making it difficult to exercise second amendment rights. The other side (antigun) begins the conversation with an inherent dig at pro gun groups by implying those groups are nonsensical. You're lack of understanding as to why anyone needs an assault rifle shows that you don't have the right perspective. First I'm assuming you mean "assault weapon" and not a select-fire rifle. Second, I don't own an "assault weapon" nor do I feel I *need* one. But I might like to buy one someday. The reason there is a jump in gun purchases is because most legislation bans possession of certain guns but allows for guns owned before the date the law is passed to be owned. But once the original owner loses possession of it (original owner dies for example) the gun cannot be passed down to their relatives.
What happens if the NICS system is down or overloaded?
After Carrie Mathison stopped that sarin attack I'd think they might be a little bit more lenient on what the government does.
That should give him enough time to determine what the carrier's intentions are.
Yeah. I was making a joke about Homeland.
Honestly I could somewhat agree with a few gun control proposals in theory but my distrust for the gun control agenda outweighs my desire to support something and get screwed down the road.
General...
No
Really? Recently?
I have gaming headphones and it always freaks me out. I don't expect it.
Mmm Jet
Mine's in the shop?
I wasn't allowed to clarify in the text box. But I meant instances like in Batman or BoJack Horseman where a waiter is acting douchey so the rich person/celebrity buys the establishment out of spite.
Buying an AR-15 that when confronted about his purchase, he claimed he bought it intending to give it to the local PD for destruction. (Purchasing a firearm while not intending to be the end recipient is a straw purchase)
Hadiths are passed down through word of mouth. The basic idea is someone says they heard Muhammad said or did something. The person they tell passes that along to someone else and so on and so on. Over generations. Then you get a 'sanad' or link in the chain of transmission (isnad is the plural). So you hear about something Muhammad did or said and you look back along the isnad and see if the Hadith is 'sahih' (true/trustworthy) or not. (There are several attributes that an isnad can have that makes it 'Da'if' or weak. Like someone saying I heard from Bill who heard from bob who heard from Mary that the Prophet said "such and such". The isnad would be weak if it was known that Mary had died before Bob was born, so Bob could not have heard what the Prophet said directly from Mary) As for who wrote them, there are 6 major written collections of hadiths. What is written is the words Muhammad said as well as each transmitter that makes up the isnad. The top two recorders of Hadith are Muhammad al-Bukhari and Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj.
You're welcome. I knew that Islamic Texts Seminar would come in handy one day.
The number one killer of old people is retirement. People got a job to do they usually stay alive long enough to do it.
Well that's one of his better ideas regarding guns.
The only people who would want these protections stripped are people and groups whose goal is to bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun stores and manufacturers in order to tie them up financially until they go bankrupt.
I'm not sure how easy it is to machine an auto sear but there doesn't seem to be many stories about illegally modified full auto guns being used in city crimes. Honestly I may have missed news about them but from the news stories I see it's mostly revolvers and semi auto pistols. I do know that all types of rifles make up a very low percentage of firearm homicides. So it doesn't sound like something that is a pressing issue. I'm not a fan of bans on assault weapons since I live in NY, close to NYC and I can't have a thumbhole stock or a pistol grip on my plinking rifle because it would look too scary.
True dat
I think the reason why they are protected in the first place is a good reason to keep the law. Namely that anti-gun groups will bring constant frivolous lawsuits against gun companies in an attempt to bankrupt them by tying them up in court.
Although that isn't always desirable
A breathalyzer Like you blow down the barrel in order to unlock the gun? That sounds like your might get it to fire once successfully.
Do they say how they have to display it? Wha rid they put a sign saying 'don't buy this shitty gun'
A FOX fox.
The whole article is a good read.
Fuck you Osip
Don't t forget the horker tusk
The first half of the game the first time I played it was probably one of the coolest gaming experiences I've ever had. I kept getting killed by an Orc called Mugrish. Then I'd drive him off and he'd come back for revenge. Each time he'd have new scars on his face, or he'd miss an eye that I shot out. The last battle he had a sack covering his face save his remaining eye since I chucked him into a firepit and he was all burned. I was maybe level four and he kept leveling up each time I died so the time I finally killed him I was level 7 and he was level 20. It was really rewarding.
A big purple one in the police station showers.
You're right they were probably trying to find dreams of a small but successful interior decorator career, and a pursuit of a degree in gender studies.
I know. I wasn't being serious. However this highlights a severe issue that we have as a society. Young black men, especially in poor communities are surrounded by a toxic and self-perpetuating culture. And a large theme of that culture can, in my opinion, be summed up by 50 cent's "get rich or die trying". Honestly I'm not sure what I want to do with my life since I'm still relatively young. But even though I don't have a clear-cut direction in life I don't feel as if all options are closed to me and the only way I can get anything I want is by taking it through theft or force. And the people I look up to didn't get rich by prostituting women or selling drugs or killing people. But most importantly I didn't grow up in a neighborhood where stuff like this happens. Or feel so unsafe that I had to form/join a gang to protect my friends and family. I say all of this not because I believe these two men experienced all of that necessarily. My original comment was pointing out the absurdity that I saw in your reply to the deleted poster. I understand where you are coming from with your desire to not jump to racial stereotypes but I wanted to highlight the fact that realistically, that deleted commenter was correct in a sense. There is a very good chance that if these robbers were successful, they weren't going to use their ill-gotten gains for any noble purpose. Merely just buy material things that they believe will get them respect or social status. So I get that you wanted to call that poster out for bringing up racial stereotypes but I think it's a fruitless attempt to be PC because this is another case where stereotypes were reinforced. And until there is a multifaceted effort to change the toxic culture that envelopes so many young, poor black men I don't see a way to break the cycle that produces situations like this one.
So why shouldn't gay people get married?
Is that legal?
It's not picky but those secret service agents have their jackets buttoned. Realistically they would have them unbuttoned to make drawing easier and faster.
Maybe they expected to find a bunch of fish and game in the office refrigerator.
I'm a guy and I got cat called once in Jordan of all places. Two girls leaning out of an SUV whistled and yelled something in Arabic and honked their horn. I thought it was awesome.
Probably that thread earlier asking what your song entrance song would be when heading into battle/cage match or something.
Make sure the home invader is dead and say you were cleaning your shotgun and sorting ammunition.
It's also good to peel the husk back a little and tuck some butter, oil and salt or spices of some kind then fold the husk back up
This is what I will point to when someone says there's no agenda to ban guns
Allowing police to search you, your car, your house etc. whenever they want, without a warrant would make everybody safer since it would mean anyone hiding illegal or dangerous stuff would be locked up. People using the 4th amendment loophole to get away with dealing drugs or murder or other crimes wouldn't be able to hide from the law anymore.
Well sometimes it's a bit of the opposite. My mom is the closest to my grandma and my mom and my aunt are the ones taking care of my grandma 99% of the time. My moms brothers are spread out all over the country and when they visit they rarely actually help. They visit for a week, spend 6 days on trips to NYC and fun stuff with their families, then say they can't deal with stuff that needs to be done because they have a plane to catch. One of my uncles apparently let years go by when he was supposed to file paperwork that had something to do with the estate management and my grandmas finances. (I'm not privy to these conversations directly) instead he let it slide for years and caused my grandma's house to lose tens of thousands of dollars of its value and probably cost her $60,000. And my annoying hyper Christian aunt and uncle are always trying to butt in with their opinions as to how to handle things but never come down to do any work like taking my grandma to doctor visits, or cleaning her bedsore or sitting out her pills.
They should enforce the laws on the books, not before adding new ones, but without adding new ones.
I disagree. I can see how if you are an antigun person who likes to make mountains out of molehills the ad appears bad. But I think any ruckus about it is just anti-gun people reaching for more ways they can demonize guns.
Subbed
PRIVATES! We have encountered an unidentified flying object. It is a long, smooth shaft. Complete with...Two Balls!
There is a moral compass, it just points in a bad direction
When wearing gloves, yes.
I applied to a Cosi's near my house and gave the manager my completed application form where it asked for my ssn and some other info. It's weird that I'd never give that person a second glance out on the street but it's ok to give personal information to someone in a uniform.
The 10 round mag ban was declared unconstitutional but the "only load 7 rounds into a ten round mag" is still on the books yes?
I volunteered with Habitat for Humanity for two years and I'd recommend looking up a HfH ReStore near you. A ReStore is like a second hand furniture shop. The one I worked in had couches, chairs (for dining and for a living room), tables, dressers, cabinets, bookshelves, desks, lights, lots of glassware and silverware, kitchen cabinets, rugs, and appliances including refrigerators, ovens, microwaves, washers and dryers, sinks, tubs, water heater tanks. Our inventory was somewhat random. But for basic house/apartment furnishings you could find that pretty regularly. It rarely looks brand new (sometimes we got donations from furniture stores going out of business so the items were pristine) but if you need stuff for a decent price and don't mind some nicks, scratches or some mismatched items it's a good bet. The money from the sale goes to funding builds of low income housing. It is a Christian based organization of that matters but the one I worked at was not bad. I was raised Catholic but I am agnostic leaning towards atheist but never came up. The guy who ran it was religious but not a hardcore proselytizer or anything. Each store is independent of each other so a store near you may not have similar stock or be run the same as the one I described above. But it's definitely worth checking out.
How would you make a full auto bolt gun?
Plus the helmets mean anonymity
Nor is self-defense.
She played Niobe in the Matrix Reloaded and Revolutions. And she did the voice of the hippo in Madagascar. Those two roles are what I remember off the top of my head.
I played the game "Enter the Matrix" where you play as Ghost or Niobe. So I couldn't forget her. I put in a ton of hours into that game. at one time I had every human ship, captain and crew member memorized. Along with their stats. It was a great game.
Sorry. I did misread your comment. You're right. It's been a long day.
I get that maybe people lost interest in watching the same WWII footage over and over in new documentaries. But they shouldn't have become a slightly smarter version of TLC or something.
&gt;No one is more of a fanatic then a convert. Or as my dad likes to say: there's no one more chaste than a reformed whore.
Anything is better than TYT
Ok ok. The only thing worse than TYT is your pedantry.
I though of VaultTec when writing that bit.
Conservatives are right on guns too.
&gt;Hopefully they are gunned down soon enough. The people bashing gays?
The worst thing in the world is a pedantic niggler. And you are being a big one right now.
I was just clarifying your comment. Since it could've been interpreted that you were saying the queers could not be gunned down fast enough and I was about to take issue with that.
Hopefully they do programs about history in other times and parts of the world. Maybe do something provocative like a series on Islam presented on one side from a theological perspective where the Qur'an and hadiths are accepted as true and the other side examines the history of pre-Islamic Arabia and Mohammed as a historical figure rather than a prophet.
Never saw that one
I'm always glad to teach.
I forget where I saw it. But I saw a map with different colored states along the east coast and around NY with numbers that indicated how many guns were from those areas that ended up in NY crimes. But NY didn't have a number. How convenient. If I come across it again I'll post it. Since it shows how they will manipulate the stats to reflect what they want.
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3ybH2gjyVVA
Because elephants have big noses?
A problem I ran into is that some characters can't be enthralled (I'm assuming you're using dead thrall) because they are over level 40. Any way to get around this (without using console as I'm on Xbox)?
I disagree. I think if someone can carry responsibly and safely in one city, try can do it in another. It's not something that will make everyone in every state all of a sudden be packing heat. Only people who make the choice to carry legally and safely.
From what I've seen, I bet there's not going to be a ton of people CCing anyway. I understand the trepidation of having more armed people in large cities but I think most self defense uses are for people at home or targeted by a mugger is something like that. A mugger will likely not mug someone while surrounded by crowds of people. So the times at which a CCer will use their weapon will be when very few bystanders are around
It looks pretty sweet. But the ergonomics seem not super comfy. I wish I could hold one.
I'm not surprised that ammo makes more money than guns. Guns you need to buy once but after that you always need ammo for it. Also aside from your derision about the lawyer, do you think people should be allowed to buy machine guns?
You must whip it?
&gt;Unfortunately, they do not fit in bottle. You can try though https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ZcRv50icw-8/hqdefault.jpg
Ok. Thanks. I disagree but I was just curious.
The guy who plays the mountain on GoT
You might be thinking of *taqiyya*. When faced with possible persecution, Muslims are permitted to lie and do other things considered haram, if doing so protects their lives.
What're you doing here?
I know people who use AR-15s for hunting. (Mostly hogs) And why just allow hunting rifles. Is it to keep gun ownership in line with that part of the second amendment that talks about hunting?
You are aware that the VPC is rabidly anti-gun, right?
People selling to other people in a private transaction isn't a loophole. It was the compromise that the Brady bunch accepted in exchange for background checks when buying from an FFL. My first gun was a gift from my uncle to me. No background check and perfectly legal. As it should be.
Sodium and water is explosive. Humans are 70% water. Therefore assault weapons must be banned.
Just because you don't agree with the constitution doesn't mean you can simply ignore it.
Surprise hikes?
Although I disagree with Australian gun control I think the mentality of 'you're a coward for not taking a beating' is really silly.
If an Australian pulled a gun on someone he would be considered a coward who is too scared to take a beating. I was not looking at this part of the comment as the robber pulling a gun. I was reading this part as someone pulling a gun on a robber. Sorry if there was any confusion. So I meant my comment to call it silly that it is more desirable for someone to catch a beating from a robber/criminal than defend themselves with a firearm.
Nope. I'd love to visit though. I elected to take an Australian history class in university that was taught by huge, badass Australian priest and I loved the course. Part of the culture segment of the course included movies and one I really liked was "The Castle" which I recommend to anyone for anyone looking for a funny, and feel-good movie.
That's right.
I disagree with them being something the US should follow as a model. The current laws may work well enough for Australia, but I don't feel that they can or should be applied in America.
If you're ever in NY is invite you to visit the range with me. Idk about you being able to buy a gun. States have different laws and as a non-citizen I'm not sure you can buy one. But you can at least go shooting with a buddy.
Let me know how you liked it.
Ill start off by saying I don't carry. In your first question, I wouldn't *know* that no one else had one, but since I don't carry anyway I don't have a reason to carry. (But I wouldn't say 'because I don't have a reason to carry then no one does' and bar others from doing so) I've been in one "fight" in my life. I got jumped by three older students when I was a freshman in high school. I got sucker punched and slammed my head on the hallway floor. If my head was angled a bit differently I could have had a traumatic brain injury or died. I have no wish to be in a similar position. After that incident I started studying tae Kwon do (not the best martial art for self defense but it gave me a huge confidence boost and the self defense portions of the class focused on de-escalation and situational awareness just as much as actually techniques) Those three kids got suspended. The guy who punched me was arrested. Some folks said I was a pussy for not confronting them/going the legal route. But they never bothered me again. My point is that 1) i can't speak to a need to carry a weapon since I don't have one. 2) I mentioned getting assaulted in high school because even though all three attackers were unarmed I suffered harm and it was lucky that there was not more serious injury. So if I was carrying and I was targeted for attack by one or more unarmed people, I would not rule out defending myself with my weapon. I don't mean it would be my first option, but I'm not going to consider an unarmed person as a non-threat. As I said before, I don't carry. I haven't taken any CCW class, so as a layman I'd approach a hypothetical one on one attack (where I am carrying) as follows: someone approaches me aggressively. I command them to back off and leave me alone. If they continue, I tell them I am armed as I prepare to draw. If they persist I would draw down on them and repeat the command to back off. If they *still* come at me and there was no doubt in my mind they were going to harm me then I would fire. Sorry for the long answer but asking if I'd shoot an unarmed person requires an answer more complex than "yes" for me.
I know. But my reason for bringing up the time I was assaulted by three older students was to remind folks that 'unarmed' does not mean 'harmless'.
Supporting an assault weapons ban is really insane.
Thanks, Paarthunaax
Check the Neodaq. Your stocks could be worth millions of Neopoints.
If he has the most sophisticated tech known to man why is he just armed with an RPG?
After hearing arguments against the move, are you reconsidering?
He put $50 million into anti-gun campaigns. I think the NRA spends way less than that.
I don't drink big gulps but I don't like the government banning them either
Hear, hear
You have to target practice in order to use the gun for its intended purpose. You're grandfather practiced on targets so he can kill people?
The evidence didn't convict Zimmerman though. There was reasonable doubt that he willfully murdered Martin.
In additional to what Freeman says, the guns are banned on the basis of ergonomics and cosmetics. I own a small caliber rifle for shooting paper or old soda cans and bottles. I can't adjust my own rifle to make it more comfortable to shoot with a pistol grip or adjustable stock, because those features among others are considered evil. The bans are pushed by people who either don't know anything about guns or lie about guns to make something like a more comfortable grip seem like a bad thing.
The problem with saying a guns intended purpose is to kill is that it's irrelevant. I own two guns but I have not nor do I plan on using them to kill a living thing, animal or human. Can they? Yes of course. That's why I respect the power that a gun has and take gun safety very seriously. The issue that I take with the saying is that it is used by anti-gun folks (and those who say "I'm not against guns, *but*....") to lead to the question: "since guns are only designed to kill, no one needs guns" (or just certain types of guns depending on the anti-gun agenda of the day). Furthermore "anyone who argues against us is obviously unbalanced since they are arguing for a right to kill". I have seen this type of argument over and over again in the gun debate. The resistance to conceding that owning a gun is a serious responsibility and/or that negligently leaving a gun out and someone getting hurt with them is that the anti-gun crowd will seize *any* opportunity to undermine guns and gun owners and to further their agenda. A progun person agreeing that it's irresponsible when a gun owner lets a child get access to an unattended gun will lead to antigun people pushing for things like mandatory trigger locks or gun safes, storage laws requiring guns and ammo be kept in separate locked boxes, mandatory smart guns, and even things like taking away immunity from gun owners who have their gun stolen and later used in a crime. All these efforts grounded in some crocodile-tears, think-of-the-children rhetoric. I wish I could sit down and chat face to face since I'm sure you didn't want to read such a long answer. (And it's a pita typing it out on a phone)
That hooker gets around. Almost 3,000 miles
Someone would shoot the portal gun into the air and hit the sun or something.
It only matter what I do with it though.
Well thanks for understanding.
I know Australia banned some NERF gun for being too powerful
And on the other hand some people call onerous restrictions and infringements "sensible". Assault weapon bans Magazine bans and limits May issue CCW Restricting SBRs and SBSs, silencers and machine guns with $200 stamps Not allowing people to
&gt;who decides if some one is not competant enough, or is otherwise too risky to buy a gun? not sure, but someone aught to. Every legal adult should be able to exercise their second amendment right, in this case by buying a gun, unless that right is revoked after due process.
It's just for any conclusions they derive from the data. So people can be aware of potential bias.
It's a fallout 4 referencd
Maybe he bought a bunch of stock in gun and ammo manufacturers before he announced this.
Who said that?
And here I thought antigun folks wanted to compromise and have a discussion. I'm progun so Bernie is not my favorite candidate but why is it a bad thing if he wants to get input from all sides?
&gt;Hated Truth and Reconciliation on legendary though... Especially when trying to keep the marines alive. "No Covenant. You just *had* to open your mouth!" Then invisible glowing death
I replayed the Combat Evolved campaign on the MCC on legendary. But there was a bug where saving a checkpoint and quitting forced you to start at the beginning of the level. The worst was Two Betrayals where I got the final pulse generator, saved and quit and had to restart the next day.
You can also keep the sniper rifle from early on and blast him
&gt;Star Wars Episode I: Racer Dud Bolt!
So?
For America? Absolutely not.
Well Australia and the US are very differently countries geographically, population-wise, culturally, historically, etc. The biggest difference is that Americans have a right to keep and bear arms and Australians don't. But a lot stems from that one example.
It always looked to me like that guy just held onto it for a stupidly long time.
I don't care if you believe Americans should have the right to bear arms, we do. That is a pretty big hurdle if you want to implement Australian-style gun control in the US. Are you asking me to list all the ways in which two completely different countries are different? And why a policy for one may not be a good fit for another?
I can't wait for that. It's always been something I wanted for convenience.
Assume what you like. I'm not unwilling to discuss the issue. I know that you don't know anything about me, but I'll give you a speck of insight. I own guns and I like to own guns. I think it is sad when an innocent person is shot or killed (by a gun or otherwise). As for your perspective, it might be received slightly better if you didn't tinge every remark with your smug, patronizing twat attitude. I don't want to talk to you anymore. Not because I don't care about the issue, or those killed by guns or anything like that. I don't want to talk to you because you seem so convinced about how superior you are to me. That's why I find it a little funny that you are so shocked about someone with starkly different opinions than you. Are you really surprised the person you are trying to have a dialogue with is not enthusiastic when right off the bat you view them as nonsensical and worthy of condescension?
That treatment sounds kinda shitty though. Did your dad teach you gun safety or was it just making you fear even looking at them?
That's one of the grossest things I've read. Including that jolly rancher story.
My school board allowed a ceiling to collapse in an elementary school even when they were told that it was in dire need of repair. Now they're trying to bond for $50 million dollars to fix it. They started working on it with emergency funds and the first week after they finished it rained and the roof was leaking again.
If you were fourteen you probably didn't grow up watching Doug
It would be cool if it was a big secret conspiracy. It's really just a bunch of incompetent chucklefucks trying to cover their asses and line their pockets.
Apology accepted. It's mighty big of you to say that. I wrote that response when it was late, I was tired and I had just finished a three hour phone conversation with a friend of mine that also touched on the gun issue. So I was kinda tapped out. But I'm not sorry I wrote it. It was a vent that applies to how a lot of conversations go with antigun folks. It might be a little easier for me (and maybe gun owners in general) to see where the antigun side is coming from vs. an antigun person trying to see things from a progun point of view. I can imagine how tough it is for American antigun folks to do, so for an Australian to try it is likely near impossible. At least the American antigun folks are part of American culture which gives them more insight and understanding. I'll leave my response here, since I don't want to get into explaining all my feelings on the topic right now. But I am happy to continue the discussion if you approach it with an open mind. I don't think I'll convince you to join the NRA or anything, but hopefully I'll help you get some understanding and insight into my position. Cheers
It was rainbow dash And it was the cringiest thing I'd ever seen. I can't think of anything that that topped it.
I was good to study Arabic there in spring 2012. We were told the program was suspended indefinitely a few weeks before we left. So my school switched us to London. But imagine preparing for almost a year to go to Cairo then having to switch to London. It was a lot of fun but I really wish I didn't miss Egypt.
Is that the black speech of Mordor?
Everyone can draw! There was a guy who could only move his left foot and became an artist. Give it a shot!
Aah wee oooh! Killer tofu!
It's now the BATFEEBT
Also if you pick one up the yellowish color isn't them peeing on you because they are scared like my folks told me.
I was riding back from college to my hometown with my friend and his girlfriend. I was raised Catholic but I'm not a believer and they were born raised Jewish. My friend is 'against all organized religion' as he put it. His girlfriend seems only slightly more believing. We got to talking about religion and the power of prayer. The context was that the girlfriend's grandma had been in the hospital and almost didn't make it but the girlfriend and her family prayed to God. As a non believer I don't think prayer does anything. My friend got offended that his girlfriend felt her prayer may have helped. She acknowledged the doctors and advances in medicine but said that maybe her faith helped. My friend shot back telling her to prove the effect. I jumped in defending the girlfriend, explaining that, by definition, she can't give hard evidence. That's what faith is. Belief without evidence. I assumed my friend, knowing my beliefs, would know I was approaching this from an academic theological standpoint not as a believer myself. He asked he how she could be stupid to think saying some words had a greater effect than doctors or medicine. The trip was from Pittsburgh to Westchester co, NY. It was a long ride. And the couple ended up breaking up some time later.
I want to invest in a really tough door so I can get some warning before they get in. I'm a heavy sleeper.
Other industries don't have large, agenda driven groups trying to eliminate said industry. Gun manufacturers need specific protection from being specifically targeted by antigun groups.
But a rifle manufacturer is selling it for legal use. The same way the hammer is being sold for legal use. No company is making a product while approving of the illegal use of their product. You are being deliberately obtuse and avoiding the real question. Colt makes a rifle. They send it to a distributor who brings it to a gun store. Someone at the gun store buys it after passing a background check. A guy steals the rifle (illegal) and kills a person (illegal). Stanley makes a hammer. They send t to a distributor who brings it to a hardware store. Someone buys it. A guy steals the hammer (illegal) and kills a person (illegal). Neither scenario has the manufacturer, distributor or store doing anything illegal, or advocating illegal use of the product. So neither manufacturer, distributor or store should be sued by the person killed by the rifle/hammer. If you can't understand that than you are solely interested in pushing your agenda and wasting everyone's time.
The bill to repeal the protection or the protection itself?
But injuring or maiming someone is illegal. One can use guns and cars legally. The manufactures make them for legal use. So someone using a gun or car illegally is not the fault of the manufacturer, it's the fault of the person doing the illegal thing.
I think that happened recently. Some antigun group pushed the families of sandy hook victims to sue Bushmaster. There was no case to begin with. And the antigun group knew that going in. They were angling for a way to paint the 'big, bad gun manufacturers' as heartless and cruel for not giving money to sandy hook families and making the families pay the court costs. Even though that's what should happen when people waste the court's time with lawsuits that shouldn't be brought in the first place.
I think we've gone past 'middle ground'. Antigun groups have it better than progun folks do yet they still complain that they aren't getting enough. Then they demand 'compromise' without offering any concessions.
I'm curious about your mandate idea. I own two normal rifles. Would the mandate mean I would have to install some sort of smart tech into my guns? If so, would I have to pay for it?
I'm not a lawyer but it sounds right. I've heard from people who want to remove the gun manufacturers protection, but the arguments I've heard for it say that such frivolous lawsuits will be thrown out anyway. But what suits do they (the people wanting to remove the protection) believe will be successful? All the exemptions that the current protection law has seem fine.
Thank god for that. I like the idea of smart guns in theory but I feel a mandate would be a bad idea. I appreciate your input though
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dPftOrgJGr0/maxresdefault.jpg
Ooh-da-la-le Ooh-da-la-le golly what a day
Hiss! You're never around when I need you!
The Great Mouse Detective. Babar.
I think there was a FOX reporter that tried to ask her about it. But he was laughed off. And this was around the time that the email scandal was being derided by MSNBC and stuff as being made up to harass Clinton. So I guess nothing came of it.
Since he supports an "assault weapons" ban he's as bad as Dianne fienstein. I don't care where he comes from.
Dog. $500 fine
Altar*
DwightdwightdwightdwightDwightdwightdwightdwightDwightdwightdwightdwightDwightdwightdwightdwightDwightdwightdwightdwight
People get tattoos in Arabic too. But it's usually bad. They won't have the letters connect, or the letters will be backwards. Or both. The word won't mean what they want it to mean And/or they get the letters in MSA type font. They don't get the amazing calligraphy possible with Arabic. It's like getting a tattoo in English with Times New Roman font.
Maybe he was harsh to challenge you and see if you would push back and demand the tattoo that you wanted. If you did, they would know you definitely wanted it. If you didn't, it might indicate that you are still unsure/not 100% desiring that tattoo.
What the bomb made with?
I'd bet $10 she saw the initial news report and ran excitedly to her room to throw on that stupid shirt and snap a selfie.
I have an act with stable and accurate. Is it still worth it to put accuracy and stability mods?
They would have the rkba because of the 14th amendment.
How many to a package?
Wrap the handle in paracord, add some spikes and/or blades, post pics on this sub
Like Hickok45 on a woods walk
I like the last one
I'd like them to add a multiplier to headshot damage for enemies not wearing a helmet.
They should do a two part module. The first one when young about not touching a gun, get an adult etc. The second module should be contingent on completion of the first course, and should include more indepth education about the four rules.
You forgot the nerds rope!
If you made a nonexistent effort, you wouldn't have posted anything.
I don't even think he was caught with it on him. IIRC a jilted ex told police about a single spent shotgun shell he had at his house as a souvenir from a hunting/shooting trip.
Have you ever tried a shandy?
I've heard that a lot of cops are bad shots and only bother with barely passing firearms qualifications each year. Instead of proctoring and improving.
In a life or death situation you shoot to stop the threat. The best target is center mass.
It's 50/50 beer and lemonade. If you're not a fan of beer taste it might be an option. The other day I had mix of toasted blue point lager (which by itself tasted rather strong to me) and homemade lemonade. The result was very pleasant and devoid of that beery taste that you described. I used to not like beer, and after being introduced to shandies I was able to acclimate. Not saying that you should or judging you for not liking beer, but a shandy could be an option if you are being offered beer and don't want to get into a whole discussion. Some pre-made shandies that I like are Shoffenhoffer and Lienenkugel's. They make a grapefruit shandy that I really enjoy. And it's great during hot days. And I've never gotten guff about a 'girly' drink or anything. Another drink that I enjoy is mikes hard lemonade. While grilling at a BBQ it's great to have some of the above on hand.
&gt;Please don't kill any innocent people today and at least wash the blood off your hands...slave... Says the crackhead, criminal thief who deal that drugs, stole guns and hurt people.
I never said I want to carry a gun. But I do have the moral high ground since I'm not a strung out crack thief. Was that bit about stealing money and drugs from a drug dealer supposed to be a redeeming action? That's rich.
Lol
Those picnic table cloths are called kuffiyeh. It's awesome because it keeps you nice and cool under the sun and it is very warm in cold weather. I wore one in Jordan in the dead of summer. As well as in New York during "snowmageddon"
This is the question people should be asking.
Actually AR-15s are great for home defense. One factor is that the intermediate round that it fires has a lower chance of over-penetration of walls vs buckshot or FMJ rounds.
Maybe part of your trouble with discussing the issue with Americans is your attitude when entering the discussion.
My own reasons for the two rifles that I own are as follows. I like shooting. It's a hobby that I get enjoyment out of. The two rifles I own would not be great for defense, but barring buying a self-defense gun, I'd rather have the ones I have over nothing in an emergency situation. I also own them because I can. I am a safe responsible gun owner and there is no reason that I shouldn't own them. I value my ability to own guns if I want to as highly as my ability to vote, speak my mind, worship or not, travel freely, be secure in my privacy and know that my rights cannot be taken away without due process.
Thank you for your understanding that the US simply can't switch to Australia style gun control.
So I can eat everything except the brain?
Can someone switch from positive to negative, through transfusions or something?
Sounds like a Lemony Snicket book
This is a drop in right? I have a 10/22 carbine and if I had this model I could take out the action and barrel and drop in right in to the M1 style and be good to go?
I don't this the above commenter was trying to make anyone feel like a dick. It is nice to see people come around to the correct, educated viewpoint.
I don't know how pro gun trump will be. But I know how anti-gun the other choices will be.
Rights are inherent, not given.
The Pink Pistols seems like it would interest you. They do good work.
She criticized Saudi Arabia for finding madrasahs and terrorist groups, but neglected to talk about how she took a ton of money from them as Secretary of State.
I'm betting the Boltons are rather good at treating wounds so they can prolong their torture methods.
I think she was exaggerating the seriousness of her injuries. She wanted the waif to get overconfident that she could perform an easy coup de grace that she would saunter into a trap.
&gt;She's right that people shouldn't be able to purchase firearms if they're under watch from the FBI. I disagree. If The person being watched hasn't broken any laws or done something where they have been convicted and classified as a prohibited person, then they shouldn't be denied their rights. Any rights.
Barbecue?
Well she doesn't think the second amendment is a right so it's ok if the state can just prevent people from buying guns. In her mind there is no constitutional violation.
The title seems similar to the somewhat common idea that the government uses these events to gain more control/money for defense, military contractors and so on. I don't wear a tinfoil hat but I won't completely dismiss the idea that some people in the US, either in government or the private sector, benefit from terrorist attacks in some way.
They can research gun violence.
They are not banned from research. http://thefederalist.com/2015/12/15/why-congress-cut-the-cdcs-gun-research-budget/ They are prohibited from using taxpayer money to promote gun restrictions. They brought it upon themselves because they were using funding to try and ban guns and undermine the second amendment. Edit: in fact, Obama ordered a study just last year.
Did you switch careers to become a veterinarian?
Is a four foot drop enough to warrant replacement?
https://vimeo.com/76448056
Example?
I believe something along those lines happened in the 70s. The leadership all got voted out and replaced when they were going to fold on gun control.
&gt;Why hasn't Bloomberg commissioned the study if it's so crucial? Probably because it's more effective to the gun control agenda to say "look at the big bad NRA! They won't let the gov study gun control! They must be wrong/trying to hide something/afraid of results etc."
But the areas where guns aren't effectively banned, like outside Chicago, aren't awash in gun violence like Chicago is. (Relatively speaking)
Its an attempt to go back to a few decades ago where gun control activists tried to kill the gun industry with death by 1,000 cuts through frivolous lawsuits.
You seem to think he doesn't realize that problem.
There is also a push to reverse the waiting period law so if your background check doesn't get approved within 3 days it gets automatically denied (rather than the current process, where it is automatically approved) This gives the state the power to strip your rights away by simply delaying the period indefinitely.
Go back to sleep Dianne
They know they don't have support to amend it so they push for laws to chip away at it and undermine it and infringe upon it.
He meant that mandating background checks for private sales, without opening the NICS system to the public's use, would necessitate establishing a registry of guns and gun owners. Such a registry is a non-starter.
Working to undermine the rights of Americans isn't noble.
14th amendment covers that.
Anti rights people never stop. Even when you try to compromise. They come back later and call the compromise they agreed to a "loophole"
Equally charming are those assholes who would rather hamper law enforcement with some "right to due process" rather than let the government lock up the terrorists before they can do any harm.
Because such a registry would be used for confiscation. Say I own an AR-15. (I don't, but hypothetically) I am safe and responsible with it, I hunt, do target shooting, and keep it in my house for home defense. Thankfully I've never had a break in or anything. If the government passes a law saying all "assault weapons" (including AR-15s) must be registered or it is a felony; I would register it. I am, after all, a responsible, law-abiding gun owner. Then the government decides later to ban "assault weapons". I get a letter saying I must surrender my rifle to law enforcement for destruction within 90 days or I will be charged with a felony. I never did anything wrong, or used my rifle illegally or in an unsafe way. But I am forced to now give up my private property without compensation even if I did nothing wrong. And if I don't, I become a felon and I can't own any guns.
Was the shooter on the watch list?
Ironically that gun is now more likely to kill someone now than if he just bought it for target shooting or hunting.
I'm saying that a registry will lead to confiscation. I'm firmly against the confiscation of my guns. So I am firmly against a registry.
Why would you make your best friend pay for one you cheap bastard?
This post says there are two other comments in here but I can't see them? What's up?
Against?
&gt; That failed in Orlando, where an armed security guard was on the scene but could not stop the slaughter. An armed security guard was the cause of the slaughter
It can be frustrating when people have different opinions, huh?
You mean FOID card
Fire bullets
&gt;"we would like to take all of your rights, but we are willing to meet you in the middle by only taking some of them." "...until we can come back later and claim any compromise we made is a actually a loophole; then cry about not getting the other side to compromise."
If they aren't bashing the US they are touting their obvious moral superiority.
Ah yes, that quote is from the climatic scene in "few good amen" when the smarmy atheist is told "you can't handle the truth!" As the Christian protagonist pulls out his pocket Bible.
I wonder what napalm smells like
What private list?
I care about innocent lives, but sacrificing civil liberties for the hope of safety is a dangerous path. If the Orlando shooter was simply locked up by the FBI because of his suspicious statements and internet history, the shooting would have been prevented. Is it callous, given the choice, to oppose the government having that ability if it means the shooting takes place?
Those assholes don't agree with me, they must be paranoid conspiracy nuts! After all, I'm right. I don't need to bother with actual discussion or debate.
EVERYONE!
AR-15 or similar pattern rifles also make for a good HD gun.
Unfortunately he couldn't bring them back home.
I was playing the other day and a group said they'd help my group take down some yellow enemies. We engaged and while we were firing at the NPCs the other group lit us up and took our stuff. Then commended themselves on how well they killed us.
As for articles, I've always liked the one about 'stuffing a small, underwater room with claustrophobic people found to induce stress' or something like that.
In my hometown the dems are in power and they simply sweep issues like school admins raping students, lead tainted water in schools and violent sexual deviants working as administrators under the rug. If it makes the school system and city look bad, they try to stamp out anyone who brings attention to it.
Pull my thingr
They can vote but not choose anything on the ballot. And express to the public/their reps why they choose to not vote for either. Otherwise it's just slacktivism
&gt;Then you look at an actual Argonian and cringe. Speak for yourself
There aren't large groups of people trying to ban books or make it onerous to get a book for registered library-goers.
If no one knows about the problem. And anyone who tries to bring attention to it is harassed and silenced then there's no problem.
&gt;. They always choose the side of the constitution and law over everything else, which is a conservative viewpoint. Aside from the fact that they don't believe the second amendment refers to an individual right.
If a militia is an armed group of citizens, why would there be a need to preserve the right of militias to be armed? They are armed by definition. The second amendment protects the right of individuals to keep and bear arms so that they can form a militia.
Actually no. "The Second Amendment guarantees an individual's right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia, and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit affirmed." This has always been true of the amendment, but the SCOTUS didn't have to clarify until the Heller case.
That's a terrible Fudd attitude.
Appeasement doesn't work. Anti rights people play the long game. Look at abortion; its eerily similar to antigun folks. Pro life people want 0 abolition. But that damned SCOTUS ruling gets in the way. Stupid "rights"! So let's say abortion is allowed but make it so onerous and difficult to get one that people don't do it. And those who go ahead and get one anyway, we harass and bully them. Slander them and vilify them. The antigun folks have the same playbook. If they had the chance, I have no doubt they would get rid of every gun they could, consequences be damned. And they lie through their teeth and promise "oh but it's only a reasonable restriction...If it saves one life.... Don't you care about the victims of gun violence...?
Make it a Cuban sandwich and I'll support it. Free sandwich every time I come back from a trip abroad? Yessir
I don't have time to read that. That definition is, like, a million words long!
What's crt?
The holding is directly from the Heller case. The second amendment *is* an individual right, unconnected with service in a militia. You can disagree. That's fine. But it doesn't make it any less true.
I have a look of sheer delight when I eat a well made Cuban sandwich. I'll show my passport but tell the INS and DHS folks "maybe one more sandwich. Just to be sure I'm not a terrorist"
That's a good thing. Getting put on a secret list, for secret reasons, with no way to know if you are on it or not, and no clear way to get off of it shouldn't be an avenue to strip away rights. By the way, I noticed a bunch of your comments have an anti-NRA bent and your username is similar to someone from a big anti-gun/anti-NRA sub. (Billyhouston or something. I haven't seen him comment on stuff lately) I was wondering if, since your account is so new, this was your secondary account.
Surname*
The Four Rules of Gun Safety should be practiced with any type of gun. 1) All guns are always loaded. 2) Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. 3) Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. (I practice this with anything that has a trigger, even spray bottles and power tools) 4) Be sure of your target and what is beyond it.
Little from column A, little from column B
&gt;, guy wipes his ass with homespun hemp cloth. Like a reusable cloth?
Well... First world countries, at least
With an assholier-than-thou attitude
There's no need to fear!
It's a Pyrrhic victory
He's like 10 years old and scared shitless.
The burning Xes were range markers. So it would be easy to pepper that spot with arrows.
I liked that when the screaming ended, it wasn't because he was dead, but because his jaw was ripped off.
Perhaps the drug heist scene from True Detective? https://youtu.be/eVK_scFlCHg
Maybe his thinking was: a stark killed my dad. Fuck the Starks.
Every fucking chicken
Yup my mistake
But while they are turning about to challenge the Calvary the remaining stark forces could push against their line.
Sansa and Sallador San
That seems too vulgar for Sansa. A bastard (with no honor or proper upbringing) like Ramsay would say something like that, but a highborn lady like Sansa likely wouldn't.
Actually I think in the book, Boromir was "pierced by many arrows"
I thought of how he looks a bit like a Predator
I love the Lexington event center because I get to bring justice to the Riker bastards and their scummy leader.
You Scots sure are a contentious people.
Well they believe that a sign creates a magical gun-free barrier so it's not surprising.
Maybe his username is a reference to St. Jude. (Judas Thaddeus -&gt; St. Thad) He supports gun control because St. Jude is the patron saint of lost causes.
He can't get down off his high horse without hurting himself, so he stays up there.
You want people accused of domestic violence to tell gun dealers that they are accused of domestic violence? Why would someone accused of DV want to volunteer that info? And it would be off-putting at least if I was asked if I had ever been accused of DV by a salesman. The way I feel about my guns is "this is my right, I'm proud of the respect I give this tool; a tool that is mine and that you can't have"
Your gun emoticon looks like this: http://m.imgur.com/9JU2gAP
&gt; but most of those (like 85%) are hand guns which would at least be less effective You know that one of the worst mass shootings, and most day to day gun violence is perpetrated by handguns, right?
So you're saying the government can't deny people rights if they don't have enough evidence to prove wrongdoing on the part of the accused? Good.
Assault weapon isn't really a beefed up semi automatic. It has cosmetic features that make it look "military style" but nothing that actually makes it fire faster or be more deadly or anything. I live in NY and own this gun: http://www.ruger.com/products/1022Carbine/specSheets/1103.html But if I want to buy a more comfortable stock for when I practice at the range I cannot have this: https://www.boydsgunstocks.com/ProductDetail/3Z2681W1B112 That "thumbhole stock" makes my little .22 an "assault weapon" according to NYS (and other antigun states) It's literally the same gun, I'd just drag and drop from the original stock to the thumbhole stock, but because the thumbhole is an "evil feature" it is banned. There are a lot of other "evil features" that are equally, frivolously banned. When I hear "assault weapon ban" I think of the idiots who made a thumbhole stock "evil" and that is why I am not supportive of such legislation.
That might be illegal
&gt;It's scary and black, Maybe Hillary should start calling them "super predator rifles"
Well, only if you choose to eat it.
"the right of the *people* to keep and bear arms" not the right of the militia.
Sorry I'm still confused. Could you repeat your comment but without pronouns. I'm still not exactly sure what your hope is for gun dealers and DV suspects.
Actually the ability to have private person to person sales was a compromise between gun rights folks and antigun folks when they passed background checks. It's only a "loophole" now because the antigun folks (surprise, surprise) want more gun control. Just like how in California detachable magazine releases were banned but a "bullet button" could be used to detach the magazine. It was a compromise that is now called a "loophole" by antigun folks because they want to continue their agenda.
I meant "them". From what I understand you want gun dealers, if and when they find out that someone accused of DV tries to buy a gun, that the gun dealer contacts friends and family of that person to notify the friends and family that the accused DV person tried to buy a gun. I was only hoping for some clarification.
That call to action could be delivered in a stump speech
I'm all for gun dealers selling responsibly. I think we agree on that. By the way thank you for clarifying. But how would a gun dealer know who the family and friends are of a potential buyer?
Ny gun laws suck ass
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
With gun grabbers it's always about feels.
Jeez what a cunt
If they had such a rule here he wouldn't be able to buy a gun.
Good on you. I was lucky enough to have family that enjoy shooting and introduced me to safe, responsible practices from the get-go. But others in my family have a zealously negative view of guns. If I had expressed interest in going shooting or even learning about guns, they would have refused outright and I'd probably be as ignorant as that Kuntsman reporter.
Any link? Or an archive so o don't give that dope any traffic?
I'd love to try maple syrup based hot sauce.
Gotta have a glass of milk with it
I tip my applesauce with a few dashes of cinnamon.
My sister worked at a place with a peanut grinder. You pressed a button and it dispensed fresh peanut butter that was really good. I like skippy but would buy my own grinder if I had the opportunity
Nords can smell a milk drinker half a league away.
What are mountain oysters?
I am a big fan of English breakfast.
Public perception shaped by movies is a huge factor. People and politicians think suppressors go "pst" so quietly that a shot in the next room can't be heard. Just like how switchblades are banned even though it would be useful to have a knife opened with one hand.
Can suppressors be used on an automatic weapon? Or do they explode? I've never fired a suppressor
Damn it
I did the NYPD agility test, comprised of six stations, the last being a trigger pull. Dry fire 16 times with the dominant hand and 15 times with the non dominant hand. and the first time I took it I failed the trigger pull. I couldn't even do three pulls in a row. I heard from one of the officers overseeing the test that they will switch to 8lb trigger pulls as standard but until they phase out all 12lb trigger side arms, the training will be with 12lb triggers. The logic is that if you have two cops partnered up, one with 12lb trigger and one with 8lb trigger. If the cop with the 8lb trigger needs to use his partners 12lb trigger gun, he needs to be able to reliably utilize it.
I went back and still wasn't able to see the tome for sale. So before I did the test I bought all the books in colettes inventory, did the test and the augur did a strange thing where he told me I passed the test but repeated himself about 15 times. When I returned to Colette she had 29 copies of guardian circle. If anyone else has trouble with this, I recommend buying all the spell times before taking the test.
He should've told her to use the one he just pulled off. That one he knows for sure is safe. The other one might've had better and more hidden glue.
The scammers would install pinhole cameras?
This saying is true but people forget about the "can" part. Hillary Clinton is not stupid.
And shotguns
Don't they have to allow one or the other (open or concealed carry)? Isn't that what the Macdonald v. Chicago decision was about?
My two guns are not registered anywhere. So if I went on vacation, my house was broken into, my guns stolen and used in a crime, how would anyone know that those guns are mine?
It's been whittled down too much. If the dems really wanted to get things done they would compromise with gun owners.
Just banning guns for people on a secret list, put on there with no evidence of wrongdoing or due process.
So how then?
I know what you mean. I'm in New York This is why I don't take pro-gun control people seriously when they say no one wants to ban guns. They absolutely do. The same how pro-life people "don't want to ban all abortions" but they only allow one abortion clinic in the state and its only open from 2-2:30 pm on February 30th
It's more and more evident that there is no good that can come from pro-gun people trying to work with anti-gun people. We tried compromising their way and got bullet buttons and awb's. We try and compromise and they stamp their feet and cry about how our compromise will do nothing. Then have the gall to claim that 1) the majority of gun owners support the anti-gun proposal, but also 2) that pro gun folks refuse to compromise. If they had majority support the antigun stuff would go through. If pro gun folks refuse to compromise then how come it was the antigun folks who resisted a bill of gun restrictions that would've been supported by progun folks. The simple answer is that anti gun people are liars who cannot be trusted to keep their word.
Confiscating guns would create way worse problems.
I think you are misunderstand wiggles worth. The FBI interviewed matteen three times and didn't have enough to formally charge him with anything. But the republican bill says the government has to show probable cause which is a lower bar legally. So if the repub bill was in place before the Orlando shooting, matteen might have been denied a gun or at least the purchase would've been on the FBI's radar. Basically the amount that the FBI needed to show to charge matteen/detain him is a lot more than what is needed for probable cause. I hope that helps your understanding.
A good number of those in the sit-In own guns too. I learned this earlier and people were defending them against being labeled "hypocrites". But after mulling it over, they absolutely are hypocrites. If they demand gun control and say 'more guns=more crime' they should be first in line to get rid of their guns. The ones they own and the ones their security carries. After all, according to them reducing the amount of guns will reduce gun violence.
Or you can pay the TSA a fuckton of money to shop your knife home or to your destination.
Soul gems
Ah o didn't realize it got his spine. I just thought he could t resist one little stab wound.
Pie-etic justice
With his gold hand
There were caches of wildfire all over. The mad King ordered his pyromancers to burn them all and they were going to spread out and ignite all the caches.
For tactical treats?
And suppressors, SBRs and SBSs off the NFA.
Registries such as these lead to confiscation. California had a mandatory registry for guns and people were worried that the list would be used to take guns away but were assured that if they register, they would be fine. A while later, the state banned a popular type of firearm and due to the registry, notified owners of that gun that they had a certain period of time to get rid of it or turn it in for destruction or become a criminal. The owners never did anything wrong or dangerous with their guns, but were forced into giving them up anyway. TL;DR registration leads to confiscation.
RPGs and nukes aren't guns though.
Don't worry they'll add his name to their list of victims of gun violence. Just like Tamerlan Tsarnaev
Assault weapon is the made up term. Assault rifle is a narrowly defined term. Assault weapon was made up since it conflates regular semi automatic sporting rifles with select fire machine guns. The purpose of conflating the two is to confuse and mislead the public and vilify gun owners.
Your strategy of blowing holes through walls violates a major rule of gun safety. I'd rethink it if I were your (Always be sure of your target and what's beyond it)
If he can afford a automatic MP5 he could probably just build a moat around his house or something.
Walder probably hoards gold and stuff so he just gives out the bare minimum to equip his troops. He must make a ton of money from tolls but is jealous of his stash so he squirrels it away
Dragon Dildo
Or gender
It happens with every topic. The second amendment is important to me but when I point out that AWBs or "no fly, no buy" lists would be infringing on rights, I hear the same few retorts a lot. "It's not banning *all* guns! Besides you don't *need* X." Or "if someone is too dangerous to fly, it's common sense that they shouldn't get a gun." That new gun owner registry in Hawaii, in my belief, is going to be used for confiscation of guns from people who didn't do anything wrong. But I'm dismissed as a gun nut or conspiracy theorist.
If they are so dangerous why allow them to travel freely at all? Why not arrest them and lock them up.
&gt;Billy returns home from elementary school, where he is unpopular and alienated, to a home where he receives little affirmation and approval. He passionately hugs Woofers, mistakenly believing that the dog is sad and lonely without him. &gt;"You just need some love," says Billy, offering Woofers a treat as he gazes at the dog's blank, uncomprehending face. "You're by yourself all day long, and you must've really missed me, huh, Woofers? Isn't that right? Yes, it is. Yes, it is." I hope my love and affection towards my dog doesn't mean I too have deep-seated repressed emotional problems. :/
Prose*
I don't realize it was so bad.
Normal regular Americans maybe
We gave my last dog beef bones and she would take them into her crate and squirrel them away under her blankets. When we cleaned her crate we'd shake the blankets and bones would clatter all over.
I think you are thinking of the role playing game or RPG genre
Glass candles?
Illyrio Mopatis?
Sorry Helen. That's not water.
I think voodoo is Haitian-American
I smell weakness!
I was thinking Dalai Lama and yo momma because I could only think of Lama rhyming with momma.
THE MEAT PUPPIES! THEY COME TO THE SLAUGHTER!
My dad works from home and has a no soliciting sign because he writes and answering the door can ruin his train of thought. A guy came by when I was home so I pointed to the no soliciting sign and the guy is like "oh I'm not selling anything" I told him he is trying to get something from me (in this case an estimate for solar panels). So I told him to leave my property or I'm calling the cops. It didn't seem like it wasn't legit. But the sign isn't hard to miss and I don't care if they are giving away gold bars for free, they shouldn't be knocking on doors with that sign.
I don't know enough about the process but maybe someone does. If a special prosecutor is appointed, could that help the clintons in any way? This seems like such a blatant blunder that I'm skeptical it was just an 'oopsie'. Is there a reason the current administration, the clintons, or other people in power would want to avoid Loretta Lynch being the prosecutor/create the appearance of impropriety?
Due process is more important. Hands down.
Isn't he dead? What do you mean?
Fire and blood
