It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead. It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it. But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore. You either: 1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank. It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway 2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance 3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing 4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again. On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry. The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield! I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game. I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation. Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
What's with you and all those terrible ideas and at the same time acting like a know it all on this reddit? It's no wonder people have a bad imagine of the cte in mind when you can read stuff like this that needs absolutely no changing. I agree about the transport vehicles though. Just add a few more dirtbikes, quads, hovercraft etc.
I didn't have a problem with the assignments, didn't care much about them since unlockint them naturally during normal gameplay came easy. The problem is finding the dogtags. There are no 'dogtag hunt' servers anymore and I will sure as hell not waste my and my teams time to look for them during normal play. Forcing players to find those tags instead of doing something team related that is rather hard to was yet another failure. No one likes RNG, players rather want to actively engage in gameplay, not looking for random luck based shit.
No one forces you to do this. Only the superiority complex makes you think you have to do this and being an active hindrance to your team in the process, wasting tickets, everyones time and nerves.
If you are constantly beaten because you have been spotted on the map then you're simply not a good tanker anyway. All I read are still just excuses to be a douchebag.
The game is much more enjoyable with faster acceleration to me. It felt sluggish and unresponsive before.
Yes this needs to be changed ASAP as it is a most urgent issue.
Wow they look a lot more like soldiers than CTUs. Then again, the Speznaz look so too. The woman looks very tryhard
But the AH already has smart rockets :P
Something that people like to forget is the difference in skill involved. I started pretty late to use jets (just a few weeks ago) and for a newbie in the air it is absolutely brutal what you have to learn. There are stingers, people sneaking up with ECM with their wingmen, using active radar, the jet physics themselves not even talking about actually being able to hit your opponents constantly. Now tell me, what does it take to be effective in the mAA? Even my little brother could 'learn' to use this thing and press LMB1 every once in a while aiming in the general direction of an aircraft and laughing as it drops to the ground.
For some people everyone who steps in a jet apparently instantly becomes a pro :D
The only thing that pisses me off about it is the mobility hit.
Do some people (the few plus their thousand alt accounts) have vietnam flashbacks when they hear the sound of aircraft or where does this irrational butthurt come from? Some people seriously need help.
For someone who could never test golmud on night, how is the jet combat on this map? I have a hars time to imagine how dogfights are supposed to work.
Quality of discussion really dropped on this sub lately. I guess holiday season and people are bored.
Downvote for an objective observation. Stay classy
Because it annoys stealth jet pilots more.
But I agree with everything you said? Everything is fine except for the arm mobility hit on jet and anti air. Inapplauf dice for the balance actually. Why did my comment above warrant downvotes?
This is obviously a very important issue
I play on console for 2 years now and never had problems with OOR players. Stop blaming your own shortcomings on other players. The netcode is very good now and I dont have any problem getting my bullets to register.
40-60 depending on which server I join.
On the servers I play on there are always people from all corners of the world. US players especially, lots of them. People from KSA and so on. I notice no difference and they get killed just as fine as any others. Infact, after the last patch hit registration and snappiness has never felt better.
No, it messes up the target aquisitation too much. Maybe that's why I dont notice it too much?
I'd rather have assignments like this that involve actually playing the game than stupid shit like morse codes or dogtag hunts.
15 minute video of someone talking who likes his own voice a bit too much warrants a new thread? Ok. It doesn't take 15 minutes to say that ARMs are broken due to the short notice that often ignores CMs due to latency (just the same like aps in tanks); hits across the entire map and is spammable with simply aiming in the general direction of the enemy. What would a maa or hell any armour driver would say if jets or helis had a new missile that hits them across the map, has a very hit or miss counter to it and flips the tank so you are forced to abandon the vehicle? I am sure you would appreciate it do you. Remove the mobility hit from the ARM and make its range a few 100m shorter and you wont have as many threads about the mAA.
Yeah I've given up on it. One of the 3 assignments I have yet to do in BF4 and I dont see me ever getting these ucav kills. As for this thread, nice summary, but overly emotional discussions or fact bending videos with fabricated matches still get a lot more views on here than a guy simply saying the truth. And lo and behold the alts have already arrived.
As per usual in all of these threads, remove the mobility hit of the ARM and the mAA is fine
I use all vehicles regardless if air or land and just want even chances and balance for everyone.
I have the same problem, tried it on Golmud Rush, Silk Road, basically all china rising and wide open maps to no avail. Not even mentioning how USELESS you feel having to wait so long and then not being able to kill anything. I will try that trick with exiting the ucav out, thank you!
We had that mode in BF3 and it was incredibly boring.
Tank Superiority.
PDWs are way better than Carbines. So, no.
Yeah both of these are good, UMP with its awesome damage over a good range and the PDW with its carbine damage model and omgwtf-hipfire. I like the Groza for its AS VAL damage model and amazing precision. For some reason out of all automatic guns the groza has the highest accuracy for me at 25%. The reload is pretty long though.
These glitches only happened one time to me on xbone a few months ago when the xbox live network got ddosed. If you want any control over what match you want to join in, well I would never use the quickmatch option. Maybe it is a PS4 issue with the glitches in the browser? I do agree that it's a shitty situation though.
Adding a competitive feauture behind the wall of some stupid puzzle that has nothing to do with battlefield gameplay is simply unacceptable and typical DICE LA retardation. So many good ideas and then some 'wtf were they thinking??' ones.
I myself refused to look for this stuff but if you offer help.. are you on console? Edit: ah, pc ofcourse :(
Did you buy the game because you wanted a first person shooter with combined arms or because you wanted to go on empty servers to decipher morse codes? I don't know about you, but for me it is the former. People who have schedules and work only have a little timeframe to play the game. And I put an emphasis on PLAY, not this shit. When i come home from work I want to play the game with my friends, who also have limited time. And since we like to play competitive this 'feauture' is even more stupid. If it would be unlocked by actually playing battlefield noone would complain. So think before you speak.
The other players are blind as well during the whiteout. It makes it so that people can use it to push forward, same like the smoke grenades work.
Randomness leads to unpredictability and this is good if you want to flank outside. I agree about the blinding effect when you go inside.
Are you seriously asking why mutual misinformation is a bad thing?
I forgot to mention that there are clear unlock paths ingame. Not everyone jerks off to jjjus twitter messages, let alone reads them. It's not only a big fuck you to people who PTFO, but also a middlefinger to the casual player.
Ofcourse I did. Have you read what I wrote?
Thank you for that wonderful contribution!
I dont even know how to respond to a comment as sillly as this id.
Thank you! So can we see this statement as official?
No one complains about the ability to unlock this but HOW it is unlockd via non gameplay.
I dont know about you; but I didnt have to unlock morsecodes theough the campaign and just had to play?
Wat I simply had to play the singleplayer in the same game, just without other players.
And it negating a fuckload of content in multiplayer content should be kept a 'secret' too?
The IR/FLIR sights? If the antithernl camo needs to stay, make it an actual unlock in the game that is clearly advertized in terms of ingame UI and such, via assignment. Also, watch everyone then equipping said camo because this is a terrible way to balance night sights
The CS5 is the best close quarters bolt action, if you can't get consistent killd with it you are doint something wrong.
It's not hard at all to kill armor - maybe you should try playing in an actual team instead of expecting you can kill everything on your own? And only a small minority of the battlefield playerbase even knows about this camo let alone watches youtube videos about it. Nowhere in the game is it actually explained how to get this thing.
Yup I agree. Sadly they can't remove it now in BF4, but one can only hope things like this wont be in BF5.
Reddit and Battlelog sure is 'everywhere', you got me there dude. How's it going, have you got 1 jet kill yet or are you still whining over the UCAV?
The sound on this rifle is beautiful!
You have the patience of a saint :)
The only thing I have the IRNV equipped on is in tanks when I play on zavod and flir in heli. Don't be too quick to judge.
Too late for BF4, but yeah. Transport vehicles in general need a bit more love. Customisation is one thing, rewarding the driver and pilot for bringing in more folks to the objective is another. Especially on Dragon Valley and Flood Zone I've spent matches constantly in the transport chopper to bring in new bodies faster at contested flags and to line up the chopper for the minigunners. Not many points you get there considering how dangerous and important it is for the team.
I am sorry that I play the game the way it was meant to be played and am interested in a well balanced game. The fact that the camo was bugged and never intended to have the anti FLIR/IRNV feauture also escaped you?
One can tell that you never played Battlefield 2. All of OPs suggestions are reasonable.
I never use IR optics, thank you for not reading the the OP
I'd always wanted for support or engineer to have deployable sand bags or barbed wire.. this would be really cool imo.
And thank god there is a votekick feauture in R6 to remove asshats that do that from the game. :)
Xone user. Performance has never been better to me after last patch. :/
Sadly there is no budget left for translation work so the symbols have to make it. A combination of the detailed and numerous icons from BF4 and the not so intrusive Battlefront message 'poor connection, this affects your gameplay experience!' would be ideal imo.
I must be the only one who always enjoys the singleplayer campaign.. it gives me context to what's happening in the multiplayer and the battles fought, why the factions are clashing etc.. it's also an enviroment to try out different weapons against targets that actually move opposed to the test range. I also don't like the idea with the different nationalities. BF has always been about two or more countries standing armies going against each other, not an un-cohesive mish mash of units.
Haven't stirred up too much airhate drama lately, haven't you? And as usual, your post consists of nothing but hyperbole.
This would make it even harder for players playing without their friends getting into the chopper. So, no.
Holy shit, it's like you're not even trying anymore. Logged in to the wrong alt?
It's 150m from A to B, with cover from buildings and even a house you can go through.
You should seek professional help immedieately
3 people working together can already shred the AH in seconds. Don't fly into it in a straigth line, align the ~ symbol as a pilot directly on the AH. It means its the sweet spot for both minigunners to to be able to hit.
Enjoy talking to yourself?
BF3 choppers were not half as effective as OP claims them to be in BF4.
I have nothing against the attack helicopter and like flying it myself, but I also think this glitch needs to be fixed.
A cool little addition. Maybe finally people stick around in the squad a bit more when they see me going out of my way to keep them alive..
The damage model and 'feel' are perfect right now. I hope they bring this over to BF5. I like it because it rewards the player with more skill and control of his weapon, not the one who saw the enemy first.
Just use the votekick feauture..
ANOTHER female? -_-
Only douchebags will do stuff like this. I have around 3000 kills as mostly the AH pilot and would never claim a chopper as 'mine' and kick/burn the gunner out. It is a nonissue, as my friend who is usually the gunner just takes a different vehicle and goes to town. Sometimes you have a bad gunner, sometimes not and a lot of times some people messaged me that I was a good pilot and they were grateful to fly and gun with me. I do the same when I spawn as a gunner to someone. We all bought the game to have fun and try out the stuff in game - no reason to be a douche about it. The game needs less asshats and tryhards. If you can't handle random players then you are bad and bought the wrong game. People like the guy in the video are not interested in the team winning, only their kills. Else they would not waste their and a teammates time and kills friendly soldiers which takes away tickets.
Simply do not play on these servers if you don't like that gameplay? I don't like it either but who are you to tell others how they should enjoy their freetime in a videogame?
Yes and for some reason especially air vehicles attract these children specially. I have seen some douches in the tank but not as many as in the AH. Reminds me of the battlefield friends video, 'out the choppi.' everyone laughs about this guy :)
What's wrong with 64 player locker on conquest large? Now Metro was bullshit and the worst map in BF history, but I dont mind Locker, atleast you have 3 different mainlanes to push forward.. And yeah now i know what you meant with the OP. Sorry, I was wrong and misread. :) Creating a bit more focussed 'narrative' and framework sounds like a good thing. Sadly, many players dont know, care or want teamwork and you cant magically make them do it...
Although I respect the people playing BF competitive for their dedication - you really put time and thought into it - I simply dont see it as 'real' battlefield. Close quarter domination matches where 3/4 of what the game has to offer is banned, or conquest on large maps with only 10 or 16 players simply is not battlefield to me. I also disagree on some of the shooting mechanics you described, going full auto even in close quarters instead to burst WILL make some of your bullets land not on target - despite you being one of the best infantry players you are too sometimes victim of this in the videos I saw. What I agree on is that the skill ceiling is too low, but I am not sure how to fix this. More recoil is not the solution IMO.
It's already enough that I have to see people making their guns look like toys, now you want to take it a step further and allow further immature shit. What the hell is wrong with you people?
It's easy to seperate the manchildren from the normal people by this :) teabaggers get votekicked out instantly.
I simply like to play competitive. This involves having respect to your fellow teammates and enemies. It is calles sportsmanship. I am sorry if you are too bad to play games in non childish ways.
Who is butthurt, me or you and the guys downvoting it? :D People who display no sportmanship get removed from the squad. Simple premptive measures, no butthurt involved as we mostly dont even lose a word about it.
Lmao I play together with 4 friends. We always switch over to gamechat and ask the 5th guy friendly if he has a microphone. Had lots of fun and good times with randoms. The people who teabagged however were in 90% of the cases either squeaker kids 'trolling', blasting shitty music over the microphone or simply don't bother to talk. That's why we developed the habit to votekick them out.
Not the games problem if you are too bad to get 5 lousy kills from a location. This assignment can be done in 2 minutes - yet you choose the easy way out. Says a lot about you.
The very first game on multiplayer I ever did was as defender on the snow cottage map. I spawned in, saw a figure running before me without a nametag above and shot him in panic. Turns out we were still in preparation phase and I shot Mute. -.- Later that round my 3 other teammates got engaged in a firefight in the cellar and I desperately looked for a way down there. I accidentally flanked the enemy team, 3 guys with their backs turned to me and killed them all. Then the guy I teamkilled before said in his microphone that I am atleast as good killing enemies as I am with killing teammates. That was reall shameful to me :/ I apologized to him and all was good.
I dont like plane and house. Too small and funneled. Other than that, all other maps rock.
Guy is an entertainer, but a terrible battlefieldplayer with poor understanding of the game mechanics. This video should not be taken seriously. I fly a lot and have no problem with lock ons aside their ability to be very annoying. The only thing I find has to change is the active radar and its mobility hit.
Why must battlefield be pushed into the competitive scene at all costs? The results are always some Frankenstein modes ino
So I get downvoted and insulted because I ask for an OPTION to disable that stuff for people who dont want to see that stuff, no one is going to take away your shinies. stay classy
People complaining about wacky skins are concerned about the overall tone and aesthetics of the game, not 'realism'. Many people dont seem to unerstand this seggregatioon. Older clancy games did not have any of this, why does siege need it?
If it was als optional to see other players colourfull skins then no one would complain...
The game should encouraage decision making, not spamming. So, no.
It should also be destroyed much faster and the recoil should be higher noot the other way around.
tbh you could hear the guy moving infront of the door;/
clicked on the link, expected discussion, saw low effort shitpost
I dont even know wat it means. There is aspongebob cartoon in there
No sympathy from me for someone who openly admits to spawnkilling. I hope even more people annoy you over messages.
I miss the planning phases before each mission. I would spend hours perfecting routes and points for my squads..
It has no place in a game that is about siedging a building.
Thankfully I dont have to play that shit map and disabled it long ago
too much running and gunning, too many angles, too small
its because it became common practise to just run out and kill glaz as defender thanks to this broken game
Someone please explain the joke to me, I don't get it :/ It's a soda bottle with a face on it?
Thank you, I googled it and now I am wiser :P That's indeed pretty funny
Is BBs recoil different from xbone to pc? To me as a xbone BB main it looks normal. With shield attached the scar barely moves
since the game relies on hit scan rather than bullet drop and travel time/damage fall of, you will always have a subpar experience chosing Glaz.
busing peekers advantage so original omg
running outside as defender being as easy as it is
and you enjoy being on the reciviing end? 600 hours in and this game becomes less and less appealing to me. :( I seemore defendersoutside than inside lately on most maps. This has nothing to do with rainbow six to me. people play this game like cod lately.... 5 times we simply set the defuser right under their noses roaming trying to jump outside. this is fucking boring!
I said that the scar barely moves at all while shooting on xbone and wondered if its platform specific. But downvote anyway :)
vegas was a popamole sticky cover shooter
I play with a reflex instead of acog, so maybe thats why the scar feels like a laserbeam :/ the enemy in this clip would be dead anyway, simply looked like tapfire to me
damn. then consider my pot redundant ;/
Congrats, you ruined a fine looking gun by smearing pink over it making it look like a toy.
this. it takes away from the entire theme and spirit of the game. but you will only get downvotes for this
Many people I have to endure in team chat werent even born when the first r6 came out. Quite sad really that this dumbed down shell of a clancy game will now be for what this gets rembered.
everytime i see people cheesing outside kills its someone with a ruby skin and almost everytime its pulse. the amount of asshats playing pulse is unbelieable and ofcourse they wear those tryhard masks that make me cringe even more
there is a very generous timer before they get spotted which is often enough to get their kill
yeah when i bought a rainbow six game and expected it to play like a rainbow six game... I really WANT to like the game, I enjoy the atmosphere, the sounddesign is amazing and visuals are very grounded an decent. however everytime I jump online I basically have no fun at all. This has not always been the case, the first 3-4 months defenders actually defended the objective. Ireally enjoyedit. Now everyone is just roaming and jumping outside
Both games arent realistic at all (nor military) and both games have very childish things inside (skins, retarded headgear etc) as well as MANY children playing the game.
I dont like Overwatch and dont play it, but atleast this game doesnt hide the fact that it caters to a younger audience and has a very cartoon feel to it. Siege tries both to be super serious and authentic, yet it introduces silly stuff like unicorn charms, clown masks etc and fails to present a coherent identity.
Same happened to me yesterday. Crouch, directly facing the enemy. 120 dmg while in the killcam the enemy hit the shield.
So cringeworthy
They are too small too in the preview when you see a players stats. Maybe I need glasses but its hard to tell them apart.
Do we???
Could your writing style be even more obnoxious? No one cares about 'lore' in a mostly multiplayer competitive game. You can create all your fanfiction yourself, please don't litter the game with it.
*their
Any team worth their salt would have the twitch moving away in a second, your back is protected by the shield. Totally unneccassary TK?
Teenage drama
'Sometimes I wish my casual teammates would never do mistakes'
You're welcome
Lucked out on this one in a casual match. We played against some low level people who played very slow on Bartlett. I spammed the camera spot for almost two minutes straight and got 1600 points out of it from that alone :P
Imagine Rogue Spear Sigleplayer in the Siege engine... instant best game of all time
I really like Bucks Ski mask. I like it to actually cover up the operators faces to hide their identity like they would do in real life
You could have played thunt defense on lonewolf so you dont have to deal with crappy teammates.
It pains me to see how many people misuse him. Don't try to be a 'sniper' with him, go inside the objective with your squad. The Spetzas' main ability is to kill and Glaz is very good at that. His rifle absolutely decimates people in the ranges INSIDE the building, his scope gives a very clear sight inside rooms. You can also use him to open up new sightlines and killholes easily. Play aggressive with him and he easily becomes a A tier operator. I usually play against high plat/diamond people and even there he is viable.
Now keep on playing on that rank against other people of the same rank and tell us how long you can keep it.
This. Revenge is petty and won't accomplish anything. That said, in my 700 hours of playing this game, I can count the amounts of intentional teamkills on me on one hand. Not sure why people claim to see it all the time
Then you would see even more people crying that someone took 'their' operator. Too many people already who 'main' only one or two operators and ignore the rest. A good player is proficiemt with each one and picks depending on situation. Also this is a team game. Selfish challenges already impact how some matches play out in a negative way. Just accept that clearance level is simply a number going up.
I'd advise you to learn the ACOG scope as soon as possible, it is by far the most used weapon sight ingame thanks to the clear sight picture it gives you and the zoom. With Doc you press the button to get out your stim pistol (Rb or R1 on console, I believe it is 'E' or middle mouse button on PC) and press+hold it again to heal yourself. If you see teammates that are hurt, just shoot them with the stim pistol and it heals them for 38 hp IIRC.
Plenty people disagree.
Unneccessary visual clutter
They want them to be 'exclusive' instead of actually earning money with them.
It's useless to tell that to these people here, especially on reddit. Aside a select few subreddits people on here have embraced the PC culture and feel offended by everything
Your fault for not having your wife under control
Really enjoying the french pump shotgun lately. It has a surprisingly high range and hits like a truck
You can't anymore thanks to Ubisofts idiotic business practise. Only gun you can still buy it for is Frosts Super 90
This. It's easy to accumulate a huge list of people to play with in ranked by just adding people who communicate i casual. There is really no excuse to play solo ranked
It doesn't.
I play simce the release of the game too and dont feel like a special snowflake or like I am entitled something special for that. I bought the Black Ice skin back then ad still feel it's bullshit it is not available anymore. You can see by the many posts about these skins that people actually want to buy them. But they cant, so Ubisoft doesnt get any money and the playes are disappointed they cant have the skins. Sounds like an awesome win win situation doesnt it
Ah yi thought it was about some new digital content skin, they are always so poorly advertized
Sounds like participation 'prizes' to me. Couldn't play Siege for the time due to real life reasons? Got the money to buy something? Well too bad, you're shit out of luck. It's a retarded system.
Add people who communicate into your friendlist.
It has the highest rate of fire of the shotguns and the shortest effective range. 'Spamming' it is pretty much its modus operandi
Each defender with a bit of aim can be a 'sniper'. Infact, a defender with a bolt action rifle would be more useless than someone doing that with an automatic smg.
It always was
Says who?
I am so jealous that you can buy guns just normally in the USA :( why do I live in germany where they cuck you out of everything that is fun
It is a good way to have a bad experience during ranked, yes. You'll never know what teammates you get, if they communicate at all, if they ragequit etc. Rather find a group to play with
Matches in ranked are USUALLY more balanced and evenly matched. They are much more fun. And ofcourse people want to win so they use those tactics. Spawnpeeking and roaming are part of the game.
What?
And that is a problem why?
I play on west eu servers and never wait more than 5 minutes for a game
Holy shit I laughed way too hard about this :D
I don't need more visual clutter on the game that makes the HUD crowded.
Same here, except that I am only Plat 1 and have a high clearance level. Enemies will shit on you with the same messages you mentionend when you do well or laugh when you had a bad match. Teammates will either be 'omfg he must be a pro' or 'why did you not carry us all you're shit!' All the time
It sits at a really good meta right now and is the most fun since release for me
They are doing this to troll us at this point I am pretty sure. Not even mentioning how out of place they look, they are also poorly made and lack detail/texture work. Just very very bad again.
A very bad one
What the fuck is dabbing?
Conquest has always been battlefields mainstay. Operations is a nice gimmick but thats it. Played 4-5 of them and got bored of it.
We're not playing a real war, but a videogame.
What wallet, these are available for renown and even little renown. People really pay real world money for a low poly/low texture mask of a predator? Ahahahaha
These are just as bad. Glowy eyes and futuristic stuff. How hard can it be to just model normal gear that actual real lfe forces use right now?
Ah s they all have one helmet of some sorts, time to bust out the clown masks and terminator skins.
Simple masks or balaclavas WITH NO STUPID PATTERNS OR LOGOS ON for the operators that have their faces revealed would also come a long way.
Easy win, easy life
You play an operator almost entirely dedicated for going for kills only. You have more kills than your teammates who mostly play anchors to the objective. OMFG YOU MUST BE SO GOOD
As long as it exists in real life, why not. All I want is to run around with my friends as an actual cohesive unit that doesnt look out of place.
Like a normal human being you mean? The horror
If you are 8 years old then yes
Yeah, when I saw the original Tron I also always wished that one day I fould replace a normal looking head from an SAS operator with Tron helmets
Me too! But I never get a headshot, only injure+kill, so it has to be bit higher I think? I just want to be as efficient as possible.
Looks like some interns work who just discovered bump mapping.
It gets done very fadt in a few days top.
Play with a group :)
Yes op, I bet this is whatwas literally happening.
We need ((The Man)) to make the bad boo boo go away. Where is my safe space?
How cn you be such a high level and still be so bad? You are supposed to keep the attackers from entering the building by every means neccessary. The objective is its inner core, the roamer rooms its shell. How are you still thinking all defenders need to sit in the room lmao
I was happy to throw some bucks at them, but if this continues then yes for sure I am out. You children will have your way then.
But then people who bought this stuff couldnt shove this trash in your face anymore! It has been suggested multiple times, its the most sensible solution, but... it's Ubisoft
Whenever I play casual now its always so boring to wait for the attackers making a move. The reduced time in ranked was a godsent
Tking pictures of a TV instead of a screenshot in 2017
And look stupid in the process
Probably the 5fth time I see this repost already on this su. Damn, time flies by fast
Looks more like a noob clusterfuck to me :)
Recruits aren't meant to be viable operator choices and look/sound and play very goofy by desgn. If your suggestion made it in, why would anyone play anythimg else but a 5 man recruit defender team with full decked out 416's, nitro and barbed wire?
Seek help immedieately.
They said they'll take it into consideration. It would be cool IMO. Make the highest rank something like a 'Rainbow' rank where only the best of the best can compete.
If you want to do this I would get rid of the heavy barrel and take the muzzle break. You want to get as many headshots as possible in that situation
I only do that in casual when I feel like it and play Jaeger. It only works against very bad players. Every decent player will read you like a book for your intention and will be prepared for it.
I don't understand why it is so hard for so many people to pronounce such a simple word?
Jup. Hibana gets to keep hers too and no one complains.
Absolute crap as usual
So I guess you like it for getting assfucked by your goverment and taken your freedo away?
Yeah instead you will now be defenseless against any actual madmen with a gun that they can just illegally obtain, gg
If you will never play against people who are better for you, you yourself will never get better. Dodging better people is the sign of a weak man.
Yeah you ca see how good and important strict gun laws where in europe last year, essential defenseless citizens getting guned down like cattle. Police have response time and can't be everywhere, unless you want a totalitarian police state.
Because this sub is a living hivemind creature that only has one single opinion, nothing else, right?
I would love this. For all its flaws BF1 has a really amazing specator tool where you can make good camera adjustments on the fly resulting in good cinematics. What would be even more awesome if you could save some favorite matches of yours to view it from more angles etc. later on in that tool.
You have claymores for a reason, you have teamchats for a reason, there are drones for a reason. Each decent team has someone on overwatch for flanks and window peekers. Stop asking to make the game easier amd get better yourself.
Most boring gun to use in the entire game. Press and hold shoot to win. I would have probably gone isane from boredom if I would have used that gun for so long :| But who am I to blame, I have 10.000 kills with the AN94 too in BF3 and 4 :D
That's a map issue, not the games. I play agaist diamond people all the time too and have never seen anyone with a high rank like yours cry so much about his inability to adapt.
'But muh exclusivity!!!'
Every defender team worth their salt watch their backs each other too. What a nonsense argument.
Your fault for playing a team based game alone/with randoms.
If the defuser is planted on an unreinforced trapdoor and said trapdoor gets destroyed, the defenders win.
Cheap. Be a man and do it like everyone did.
Plant the defuser, put a breaching charge right next to it. That's how I got it easily.
The round timer in ranked is 3 minutes instead of 4 minutes. This forces the attackers to make strats and realize them quickly since there is not much time to muck around. Don't view it as rushing, but rather as being effective.
lol. They achieved exactly the opposite.
You have to force them through some rounds of bomb to show them how good the mode is. Discuss strategies beforehand, assign each member a different task and role and make them actually play out these strats. If all goes well they'll quickly get addicted to the best gamemode in Siege :)
It's better than it ever was right now
Yes, and give him jetpacks and replace his bullets tracers with lasers. /s
Wtf... it started on PC with Rogue Spear and Raven Shield being arguably the best titles, not on a console.
And the game is getting more and more infested by kids. Fuck kids. I fucking hate them :/
Or you could simply use your fucking gun to shoot him
If you play a bit t-hunt every other day just to relax a bit and train your aim, you will get it in no time. I am not ashamed to say that I have over 10.000 or so terrorists killed :P EDIT: 55.000 to be precise https://game-rainbow6.ubi.com/de-de/xbl/player-statistics/7a62d715-a26f-486d-93b6-c6437ba0dcbd/terrohunt Damn :D
Valkyrie is the most useful of the bunch. However it depends on your playstyle if you will have fun with the operator. Which ones do you usually play?
So you play more the supportive role and dont't go all out for the kills all the time. Valkyrie will really be the best fit for you I think :) Both her weapons are good, on smaller maps take her shotgun, all other maps take the MPX. Look up for some youtube videos on her camera placment, every team will love you if you place them well and utilize the cameras to know where the enemies are!
I would also add that it's good to have discipline on the comms (don't rage when you get killed, report to the team where and by whom you got killed etc) which also means to keep callouts short and precise and don't backseat game. Happy cakeday btw!
The game is supposed to be played as a closely knit team, solo players will get punished. I'd advise to keep on playing more casual, if players in your team are communicating, add them to your friendlist. If you have enough people accumulated, ask them to play ranked with you. Your experience will be 100% better.
Tried that, it did work for the gold skin but none of the others.
I wonder if the same would happen if you would have an Obama or any other (insert liberal politican here) avatar :)
It is only a preference. To truly completely disable a map entirely, ALL of the people in a match would have to disable the map in the preferences.
You got it pretty much right, but IMO Flash Hider works better for tapfiring (rapidly firing one bullet in succession) and Muzzle break for 2-3 round bursts.
No problem man! :) I play the game both on xbox and PC.
Which region are you playing in? The game has a buttload of players actually so this should not happen
I am online on xbox one in the same server right now and have no problem finding people :/ sometimes you need to restart the matchmaking, it works then. I never wait more than 4-5 minutes for a match.
Eh. I tapfire almost exclusively on my operators guns ad always have more control with the flash hider. I guess it comes down to personal preference?
Maybe its because I use Buck with the C8 so much lately where the flash hider really helps me. I really have to test that stuff again :)
Yup, you are right. I also saw one occasion where a defender team lost because a downed teammate was laying directly next to the defuser and the guy who wanted to destroy the defuser could not because the 'revive' prompt popped up all the time. Not sure why you are getting downvoted.
Headshots disable the bombers just fine If you run a shotgun then there is also your pistol to make headshots
Emoji? So it's uncool to call them 'smileys' now? God I feel old :(
Good point. I saw it on stream (Matimio) and it was a 'heat of the moment' thing. But yeah you are correct.
25 terrorists is one match of terrorist hunt classic which can be done in 2 minutes. 3-4 matches in a row is easily done while you wait for a friend for example.
Haha, I wantes to do that but it would have been too savage. :P
That "cheesing" is part of the game. Deal with it and adapt.
Renown prices are now much fairer than they were at the beginning. In the Black Ice season you couldn't even buy the seasonal skins with renown, but had to get R6 credits for it..
Just the same as the cutscenes at the start of Battlefield 1's Operations mode, this would quickly get boring AND the defenders know immedieately where you are. It has been taken out for a reason.
Only thing I hate in Thunt is that the terrorists flinch when you shoot them, making follow up headshots harder. Player models dont flinch in multiplayer.
It's the other way around, only noobs get killed this way. For every experienced player, a defender jumping out or trying to spawnkill is a free kill. Now that you know that it is still part of the game, you could adapt to it and look out for people trying to do that - or you can keep on whining and nothing changes.
Totally unneccessary and adds nothing to the gameplay.
Whatever helps you sleep at night :)
Harder to predict but still not impossible. You can hear barricades and windows breaking. And now that you know there is this route, you can watch it the next time.
There are no year 2 operators yet, all the operators released so far are year 1. The first year 2 operators come out next month. :) Personally I would go with Valkyrie, she is the most useful of the bunch. Hibana is also very useful. Also, happy cake day!
Diamond players aren't some godlike entities that can never be killed. I am just Plat1/2 (hovering) and play against diamond people all the time. They can do mistakes too. I don't know man. When the game was new I raged just as hard about people spawnpeeking, jumping out etc. When I realized it wasn't going away I dedicated myself to remember all the usual hotspots people jump out, good claymore points and so on. I am the "overwatch" player in my team when we play attacker and always kill some people trying to do that to us. Droning, having a good headset, prediction, it all helps against it. It really is not such an issue as people make it out to be.
The wooden skins from Kapkans and Sledges elite set and the black ice skin
Dickheads can be everywhere, not just from one nation :) being german myself I also received many german messages how I should kill myself etc. Most of the times I reply with somethig totally unrelated and its fine.
Really wonder if I should go for it as well. I played since season 1 and constantly one upped my rank at the end starting from bronze. Now it would be platinum but not many points are missing towards diamond. Congrats either way!
:D Will do! There's many players I can squad up with who just like you have their second account already at diamond so it shouldn't be that hard. Playing against diamonds just can be a bit stressfull at times :p
This, but please no challenges that seem like a grid or that make players go all out of their way to complete them as this leads to selfishness and diminishes teamplay :/
All he's doing s beimg a douche and use stuff like blackbeard and pulse last time I checked. Wouldn't recommend to learn from him
You slowly typing out the message is what makes this for me haha. Did you have a lagspike or something like that?
Definitely Pulse. His face just screams 'punch me in the face as hard as you can'
This one looks pretty slick. Please more of this in that art direction
Is it available yet?
Sledges elite skins look very good with the chemical warfare uniform. Unrealistic, but the black ice camo and ashs blue uniform also go very well. Unfortunately due to the massive amount of crappy colourfull stuff its hard to create realistic loadouts
It's out now. Unfortunately it looks very bad and low texture ingame.
Console peasant reporting in ;p I have to see it at my PC how it looks there. The wood grip looks like a 100x100 texture on console.
No. Just like the enemies, I dont wat to see friendlies shoving their shit tier clown masks in my face.
ALL of the ops that have their faces revealed need n option like this. It's unprofessional to make your identity be seen like this in such a situation
Why will ypu not use a microphone?
But Sasha Grey is an important hollywood movie star now!!!1
Because you basically never aim down sights with him. And if you hipfiremsomeone it is usually in very close quarter where you wat to deal as much damage as quickly as possible
That's why Thermite has Pulses M1014 huh?
Just restart the matchmaking if there is still nothimg happenig after 3 minutes
Just played a match against 5 guys all level 3-4 who absolutely destroyed us. Yeah definitely no smurfs :)
I don't know about you, but I never get paired with stacks of diamond in casual.
If you are on xbox i can help and queue up with you
I'm german and you are 100% right. So ashamed to even mention my heritage these days
Nice drama whoring. Males get shat on all day as well, you're not a special snowflake for having a vagina.
Oh noes, the insufferable amount of horror :(
MatimiO, Iceycat nd Coreross for starters, for the next level Macie Jay, Serenity17 and Kixstar
You can do thunt defense with any operator... its easy
Yes. No aim assist in PvP
No, aim assist only exists in te PvE modes (terroristhunt)
What for?
I also got one tody. Not sure why though
'Sure, this would be 1800 Rainbow Credits for you!'
Daaawwww :(
Yes and gets worse and worse the more cosmetic content they put in there
One is for influencers and people who beta tested the red crow updat, the other is in digital content
Try to restart your game. It should work then
Its just as bad and ugly on console too :/
I don't get it :(
*should have
20000 for even more retarded shit. No way Jose
The german on Blitzs shield (which ofcourse they had to ruin woth spraying stupid senteces on it) is laughable. No one talks like that in german.
Lmao. Bad players crying about someone actually utilizing the games vehicles and probably being very good at.
Lol. Never 'snipe' with Glaz, go into the Building.
Got actually 4 of them, but forgot to record it further because I was laughing so hard :/
He doesn't need one and is amazing if you play him right (hint: trying to sit outside and "snipe" with him isn't right)
It would get annoying very fast and distracts from the actual game played. Many things can happen in the first 5 seconds and I don't want to have some repeated voice lines drown out the sound.
It's a name. Letters on the internet. It doesn't influence how you play the game in any way. People choose to use such names because they find it funny how easily you can trigger weakminded people by this - which worked quite well judging by this thread. Are you also in favor of "reporting" humouros media and parodies were Hitler etc. is made fun of?
The funny side is that you and other people get offended by it and cry on the internet. This is exactly what the people having such avatars want. I really want to know which countries you mention that mark a picture as an "offence". I'm from germany btw.
Swastikas can be shown in other media just fine in germany, this is not universally appliable. Also, I never said that I personally find people getting offended funny, I am indifferent to it. Being "offended" is something you do, you take offense from something. When I play on my PC profile I sometimes see peoples avatars that have a car as a profile picture. My girlfriend got run over and died 3 years ago by a VW golf. Should I now take offense at that guy who has this picture because it triggers me? Ofcourse not, because I can differentiate between real life that actually matters and a videogame/the internet.
Doesn't matter what I compared it to, people who get offended are driven by emotions, not by facts. Some people can be triggered and offended by the most stupid shit, do you want to ban all of that too? What a nice little utopia you have there. People need to grow some balls and stop being so weak and sensible all the time. I don't give a single fuck about Hitler or the guy you want to report here. I care about weak minded people wanting to turn everything into safezones because they can't handle reality. Don't you realize how deep this rabbithole can go? Hey, maybe I should report you too, just 4 the lulz, because you "offended" me?
Having that picture is not a "crime", as it happens under Ubisofts ToS (which will remove this guys avatar anyway) and it says right at the back of the games box that online interactions cannot be rated. But nice try. Really wonder what "argument" you are talking about here? You've proven nothing and calling my "opinion" wrong on this is hiraliously hypocritical as the "feels" is all that counts for people like you. Have a nice day.
It's not really - it's actually a pretty good weapon. There simply exist other very good weapons that people usually use, like Twitches Famas or Doc/Rooks MP5
Why do they call some people perverse - it's really funny
Looking good, but very small. I would have hoped for another map like Bank etc.
Bartlett is just the same room copied over and over and everything looks the same. This is not the case on Bank
Because a guy typing in some random shit in the chat really dampens your ability to play the game right? Toughen up and stop taking offense from crap like this. You can't ban and censor stuff like this, there will never be a 100% safezone for crybabies, when will you people learn this?
Yeah I understand that and that guy probably wet overboard with his yelling. I just meant that I wold never play ranked without a squad and with people I dont know in the first place. This game is very stressful at times and unortunately it doesnt always bring out the good of people. Playing with a squad is really 'safer' in this regard
Omg this would be awesome. Yes!
The ACOG is not needed but a speed change really is.
You toughen up and stand for yourself or simply ignore it perhaps? How thin skinned can someone be jesus christ
You should specify which platform you are on :) I signed up for the beta but got nothing yet :(
So you speak on behalf of everyone now? Cool. I play Thunt all the time for hundreds of hours and dont have a problem with anything you metionend. Might I suggest a heavy dose of getting gud for you?
I bought the season pass to support the devs, not to care about some retarded skin
I'm seeing another year of content, maps and operators ahead which would not be possible if they wouldn't have a stream of revenue. Are you daft?
I am just a platinum and get messages like yours all the time, that I tryhard etc. First, it's not my fault that I am matched against you, second just because someone is better doesn't mean he is tryharding. Why should I not play casual, am I not allowed to do this?
Ok, next time I am not allowed to have fun in casual I will just let myself get killed over and over so I dont hurt someones feelings
With booster and season pass enabled and now the bonus event, its roughly 370 per match
No reason for this as you have a microphone that you can use to tell your team which enemy just died.
On which map do you do your method?
Irredeemable shit tier as usual
Fun fact, Lemmy apparently died while playing Rainbow Six Siege. It was his favourite videogame :O
If you hold an angle with a weapon that has a lasersight, ont directly look at it amd rather watch a doorframe etc. so the dot is not visible. If there would be a toggle there would be no downside for the laser and it would be a must pick
I agree, a CETME weapon is rarely seen in videogames, but you have to be honest his weapons still look sexy. All I personally wat is some oldschool or russian/east bloc weaponry. Maybe next year :/
Who can create the most retarded threads?
You'd still have the content that you bought. More players could be happy and Ubisoft would get more money. Oh noez the horror.
&gt;skill &gt;dropshotting
You got offended by THAT? I'm really at a loss of words
This. I wonder how some people on here actually function in real life or if anyone ever worked in something that actually requires hard labour
Nonono, they must be immedieately REPORTED to the man! You can't expect people to stand up for themselves or simply ignore this, as that would require even a small inch of a backbone
Part of the game, learn to counter it and its easy kills for you
Have you tried aiming and positioning to your weapons strength? I heard this works
If you never play and win against opponents just a few brackets above you, you dont deserve to rank up. Its as simple as that and the matchmaking in the picture doesnt look bad.
Pictured here is the typical triggered millenial being 'offended'
If you never play against better players, how are you expecting to actually get better and rank up? Diamond ranks can die just as easy as other players. Stop viewing them as some sort of gods. Plus, the matchmaking has to be a bit lax, otherwise diamonds would alwys wait hours and hours just to find a match. Edit: lmao deleted because someone disagrees with him.
Yep, agreed. It's very incosistent, Hibana keeps hers but Buck not. Why?
No problem man. They did actually hear it when the game came out but they quickly patched it
Never underestimate your opponent
Played this game for 700 hours ~ and never had this happen to me while playing with randoms. I doubt you explained your story to the full extent :)
I play on xbox one too
West eu, level 223. As said I play a lot and have never had this happen. That's why I am quite sceptical when people claim how 'toxic' (lol that word) usually are. Some bad sports sometimes but nothing to the extend that you describe
Sorry, but you dont sound like the most pleasing person either. You've been constantly calling people kids or shitty in this thread alone. If you do that ingame too then I am not surprised people do stuff like this ingame.
Just add people who are nice to you to your friendlist. It gets better this way. If you are on xbox I can also guide you through the rough start
The beam is gone. If yu hold an angle, aim the dot at the doorframe. Everything else you get benefits.
You can play that just fine on your own. Why would yoj play TH in matchmaking?
You do know there are drones and callouts can be very precise?
Just use whatever sight you feel comfortable with and adds to the engagements you want on map XY
I'm really getting sick of people who can't do screenshots in 2017
Damn, I should have tried to search for similar threads before I opened this, sorry :/ Just a bit bummed out that I can't play at all :(
It seems to be working now, atleast for me. I am sorry if it still happens to you :(
You clutched a round? Welcome to the club :)! I have a love/hate relatiobship but still come back to this game.
Sometimes they can actually sound pretty menacing. I love these quotes
What for? How is a number going up 'progression'?
While his form and grammar is atrocious, he is being right that lots of players left the game due to these issues on xbox. I know of 6 friends of mine that always played bf together since BF2 that all sold the game because of the infurating bugs (not doing any damage mainly) I sold it when the May Patch came out and right in the very first game I got the nodamage bug again. This is simply unacceptable for a triple A game and I wont support a company any longer that takes away my ability to play their game months after release. You guys telling us 'but there's no problem on my side!!11' are just as cancerous as people that spam and troll.
Completely irrelevant and silly change. Any weapon with an acog on as the defenders can be used as a 'sniper'. People who used to this with the SMG11 can still do that with Jaeger, Bandit, Rook, Doc, Echo etc
Ah, glad we have that worked out
Funfact - the CBJ can be equipped with its own unique bipod
Wow what a tough guy. Apparently it has eluded you that I never complained about defenders peeking with ACOGs? Your reading comprehension certainly can git gud.
Yeah friends playing together, screw them!!11
DICE treats its playerbase like mouthbreathing idiots, hence the variations system so now you can never play 'wrong' again! What they don't realize that not everyone is a symthic nerd who wants to squeeze out the last 0.1% of his weapon due to the 'perfect' attachments - while being aware what some of the effective loadouts where I often chose 'subpar' weapons, just because I could and because variety is fun and important in life. (Talking about bf4 here) Ofcourse there were many weapons feeling similar to each other, like Scar-H/Bulldog, Aek/F2000 etc. but there is more to a weapon than just stats. People enjoy using their preferred gun, some people find gun xy ugly, some people play a gun just for the sound it makes and so on. BF4 provided all of that and people still enjoy it to this day. If someone wants to put ridicolous attachment combinations on his gun, so what, let him play the way he wants. A good player can play well with any weapon. Bf1 and its laughable variations system bores people to tears. And what I find funny the most, there are still lots of people who play 'wrong' in BF1, not playing their weapon in the 'intended range' and so on. The system is nothing but a failure like so many things in 'Battlefield' 1
But this would mean work and actually doing something, complaining is far easier
As someone who doesnt care about esports, I'd simply start the stream and alt tab to something actually enjoyable for me to watch, then collect my 'reward' later :)
And how often do you see that on public non clan owned servers?
You can't stop randoms from doing stupid shit, picking artillery trucks all the time etc. Or rather you could, but further restrict freedom of choice and the sandbox aspect of the game.
Most of them sound way too cheesy. No CTU that hires professionals would employ some 'psycho' like her.
BF4 once again had that already. Atleast I remember soldiers putting their rifles on the back when climbing etc
Really putting your social 'science' degree to work here huh?
Ubisoft hates Eastern Europe, so doubtful something like this is gonna happen. The first picture looks like I envisionend the poland map to be, large warehouses with multiple stories (like lobby on bank) connected to each other. But alas, we'll never get it -.-
So when do you plan to actually work on fixing the embarassing 'bullets deal no damage' bug after 2 months?
Really in for the karma farming huh?
I find it hard to believe you or your squad members stay alive during the entirity of a match. If you or one of you dies and your team needs the stationary weapon, then just equip the repair tool. Whats so hard to get about this?
Now make it actually functional (test it with some cheap fireworks) and sell the patent to the military for lots of $$$
Don't solo queue ranked
His current rifle hits like a truck and is very accurate. Only a moron would take the G36 over this.
Because people get triggered that a secondary could use an acog despite having low ammo and high recoil. Literally any other defender gun with acog can be used just as fine to 'snipe', but for the people crying feels come before reals.
Any remotely good player can still do just about the same with smoke even without the acog. The advantage the zoom gives you is very negligible.
The gun still shoots just about as fast as before and can still be used just fine for any situation if you are not blind. There's not many situations where you could only see your opponent with an acog.
Every gun has 'extreme accuracy' if you can aim and land a headshot. Doc and Rooks MP5 is retardly easy to spawnpeek with, yet no one seems to cry. Hm I wonder why?
You can 'outsnipe' everyone with decent aim, dont even need an ACOG for it. The game doesnt have extremely long sight lines.
Damagr dropoff is irrelevant as you go for headshots in this game. Doc/Rook is used very often to get rid of attackers on long range. Glaz sitting on red brick roof on kanal while doc/rook are in the control tower for example is easy pickings for the MP5.
He's dead Jim
You're reaching here. We're talking about people 'sniping' with smgs outside. Shooting through walls is irrelevant to the discussion and Caveiras pistol is meant to compliment her ability. Literally any other weapon will oneshot headshot regardless of distance. Please don't tell me you deliberately go for bodyshots in this game? :D heads are there to be popped
Where?
Operation Health in full effect
I can't recall a single engagment distance where you are unable to see your opponent without having an ACOG. I asked for examples, you downvote me without providing any. Hm!
'Creative' 'Beathe' 'Seige' Despite that is not your new tshirt but a screenshot from a spreadshirt alike site. Troll, 5 years old or severly handicapped?
Play thw tutorials and situations girst, then play some terrorist hunt to get a feel for maps and be able to buy new operators. This will also make you go up in levels very fast so you dont look as 'newbie'. Also, not that I care but calling someone a nigger that teamkilled you doesn't really help with defusing a situation. Just food for thought.
Arma, Insurgency, Red Orchestra or even DayZ are still fun for me. Siege is fast paced and arcadey compared to them (which is not a bad thing)
Where is this from, The Road?
Never ever go down the rabbithole to care too much about your K/D. As long as you win and contribute to the team, all is fine. I only have a 1.0 or 1.1 (cant remember) and people still constantly ask me to team up because I am a good teamplayer and supporter and keep the comms calm when things get heated. People who mainly play 'fraggers' also will have a higher ratio than people who enjoy support characters and watch flanks/stay anchor in the room.
Dark :D
An eye for an eye never made anything better and makes steep just as low as these guys.
""CURRENT YEAR""
'Stomping' people is not fun for the newer players and for the 'stompers' either imo :/
You're no better than him then.
His gun is far from mediocre, he doesnt need Ashs G36, use claymores instead or change the team roster if the loss of a smoke grenade bothers you so much.
Yes let's all hold hands and dance in the flowers instead
It's one of the best assault rifles ingame. Aim, dont spray.
Why Do You Write Like This
Maybe they could fix actual gamebreaking bugs where you cant deal damage to enemy players at all first? After 2 months not doing anything ofcourse
'Technical teams' huh
Havent played a single ranked match at all yet, casual is the most fun I've ever had in this game right now
If you dont perform well constantly and have too big fluctuations in performance, you will derank. It's as simple as that.
The remedy is called a microphone or playing with friends. You are preaching to the choir here.
It's a weapon intended for area of denial, like the entire kit of Capitao. His weapons dont need a buff, you just need to learn how to play him.
You aim at an angle where you expect people to come from (for example when the defuser has been planted) and keep on firing/surpressing the angle. You have plenty of rounds and the defender wont repeek that corner
Yeah with 30 rounds you can do that for 3-4 seconds max.
Glaz and Ash.
Gold rank is slightly above average. Yes it is very good for a newcomer.
Twitch does not have an AUG in her loadout
Yes, for thirsty teenagers taking their parents credit card because they lust for a virtual female character model.
I have the opposite problem, me and my friends all have pretty high level and experience (around level 240) and we constantly get matched against way worse opponents to the point where you can casually ace the entire team repeatedly with ease. A bit better balancd would be nice. That said, I have seen many people level 150 and plus who were absolute GARBAGE at this game. Level is not everything.
My post is there because I find people finding pixels on a screen sexy very creepy
If its just a picture, fine, pornography has existed since forever like you mentionend. I still find people fantasizing about fictional characters in ways that are clearly not intended very creepy. When I see IQ I think of her weaponry and playstyle, not how 'thicc' she is or whatever you young folks are calling it these days. I dont see how this makes me a 'creep'.
Because DICE hates fun and player choice, they want you to run around with the same 2-3 weapons all the time. Including the different variants(tm) ofcourse!
Can you send it to me too please?
Thank you kindly!
Back when music television was actually a thing, I pulled an all nighter and watched MTV2. They would play 'alternative' music at night, always quite interesting stuff. Cue a song that absolutely captivated me, some children with gas masks playing in the ruins of a postapocalyptic country. The song was Untitled#1 from Sigur Ros. I've never heard anything even remotely similar to this before and instantly fell in love with it. Went to a friend the next day who would download me some songs over shitty limewire because my ass backwards town didnt even have a record store. Since then I branched out a bit and now listen to more droney/ambient with some heavy elements in it but I will always keep that song in my heart. Even have my own post rock band thanks to this :)
You play a game that is supposed to be played as a tightly knitted team running strats with random people whom you don't know and expect good results. Hm, I wonder who is at fault here, must be the game or the gamers!!!11!1
The best experience to me is playing the game with 4 of my friends running strats that we trained for. It's the way the game was meant to be played on a competitive level. Has nothing to do with bullshit like trying to be in the special forces. Why do you play a competitive gamemode if you dont have a competitive mindset? If you just want to relax after coming home this is totally fine, just play casual then.
'Only'? :|
I'm playing on a peasant device too (xbox) dont worry. I've actually met a lot of friends I play in a squad with over casual games just dicking around. Adding them as friends, playing more together etc. Why dont you try that? All I am saying is if you play with people you know and trust your experience WILL get better and you wont be a victim to randomness as often. And for the record I am not some uberpro in this game, I am mostly gold rank with the occasional platinum when my games were on point.
Bit bullet wounds are totally fine and would not bleed? This game is casual central, it wouldnt work.
Funny, Red Orchestra/Rising Storm has it and no one minds. Probably because the community is not full of Call of Duty converts and casual gamers. What's even more funny that Red Orchestra plays and feels a lot like Battlefield, has similar playercounts in a match and gamemodes, unlike your example counterstrike which is a totally different gameplay.
Thermal vision was bad and unfun since the Battlefield 4 days - I dont know why Ubisoft thought it would be fun and different in their game
In all my time playing this game, I think it should be 200 hours, I've never seen a single enemy using this thing. Your post reminded me that it even exists
Or you simply use a microphone
&gt; jagger
Playing secure area in 2017
Are you for real?
This has been a thing since atleast battlefield 3. The ingame stats are useless, NEVER rely on them. The Hellriegel Defensive is garbage btw and pretty much a troll weapon.
Stats don't lie. How about you go to symthic.com and educate yourself on the weapon statistics? Pretty much all 4 of the new level 10 weapons are trash.
Well I'm glad you don't work at Ubisoft. Shitty memes and stereotypes have no place in this game.
Ah yes I am a bad bad person for not wanting stupid shit and teenage humour in my games, I got it.
It used to be before they catered it to the casual and children audience.
Got the MVP challenges in my first match today, working on the rest. Seems to work fine, playing on xbox.
I dont want retards intentionally playing worse just using a sidearm like in your example throwing a match essentially just for some stupid 'challenge'. That is the exact reason why you wont see more elaborate ones. And no one who plays this game seriously has Hostage mode enabled.
I have only bomb mode available and never play anything but bomb. Its the map preferences that are broken. And no, I did not miss the casual part. It doesnt matter if it is casual or ranked.
What do you think of not opening new threads with the same content daily
If you can actually aim, the Semiautomatic SLRs will always beat the automatic ones. The sweeper is pretty much trash, yet many people run around with it just because they can only hold LMB. I have a feeling the Fedorov will be another noob favorite.
You don't 'earn' them, they are given to you by random chance. Which sucks IMO. I wouldn't mind them being performance based.
I'm waiting till the shit gets fixed? 3 months now btw. I still care for the direction the game is heading and hope they get their shit together. Also got the premium pass so I'll simply rebuy a used copy later on if stuff gets fixed.
It's because the game is balanced to death - it doesnt allow for any player creativity and results in static gameplay.
I knew the gameplay was gonna get shit and unfun when I heard that they hired some guys frome symthic. Cue today seems I unfortunately was right. Good post.
'Tactical combat' 'Battlefield 1' Have we played the same game???
People complained in BF3 and 4 that not enough players ptfo and go for flags. Now people do and there are people complaining again. Notice something?
So I guess that is the reason why ease of use no recoil hold lmb to win weapons are still played by the overwhelning majority of players? If recoil is so easy to control, why does not everyone can easily manage it?
It's not about realism, but authencity. And the game suffered tremendeous amounts in that regard since launch. It also used to have a much more coherent art style. It's now all over the place.
Copper really sounds like fun
MFW when 36 is apparently considered very old already on this sub ;_;
I havent played a single match of ranked this season yet and I have the most fun I've ever had in casual.
Hitboxes got fixed, pouches, clothing and so on no longer is part of the hitbox on the character models. Just aim better.
Hitreg feels so much better for me since the update, not sure what else to say. I rather aim a bit longer and burstfire, maybe thats why I dont notice it as much?
BF3 had nothing of that and did (still does) fine, BF4 you would have to be an idiot to buy battlepacks, still does fine.
The game is simply static and not fun to play. Every match feels the same and thanks to the retarded conquest system it doesnt feel as if you and your squad really contributes anything to the match.
You can thank DICE LA for the new netcode and the problems it brought. 3 months and I still am unable to hit enemies. Gg
You seem to get easily triggered
Happens to me as well, mostly at the end of the round when the mvp screen comes up. I have to rip my headphones from my ears quickly because it is so loud. Not even mentioning that you get no points for the match when it happens..
Why do you dislike bomb? I am just curious
I play mostly with 2 friends in 3 man squad and randoms arent always as bad and silent as one would think :)
Man you must be fun at parties.
Dude do you need a hug? Why do you constantly talk about friends? What line in my OP warrants the hostility you throw around? I am 29 and my mother isnt with us anymore, thank you for being inappropriate?
Ah ok, so you are just a nutter talking shit on reddit.
I play solo casual all the time and imo its not that bad
These are used in real life as well. (The 'flag' ones) They are simple and elegant, plus they are free. Why do you complain about free shit? Dont equip the charm if you dont like it
I sure hope not!
Rounds are over MUCH quicker than in conquest games. A friend of mine plays nothing but TDM all the time and has LOTS of battlepacks more than me.
I play nothing but casual these days and never experience anything like this :/ maybe its some region thing?
German, I play on xbox on west eu servers. My level is 247. In my 800 hours I can count the numbers I have been deliberately teamkilled on one hand. I'm sorry this happens to you :/ if you want to team up, my gamertag is Lutz Egner
Map knowledge is key. Play Terrorist hunt with breacher operators and try to open up as many sight lines as possible that you can later use in MP.
Whats in your opinion the most common spot to prefire?
Lol yes being stuck in a cinematic (tm) animation clearly is better than actual control over your character. /s
Gameplay-&gt;'Lore'
Maybe get a thicker skin? A few days ago I was Thermite in a 1-3 situation, killed 2 people, planted, but got killed because I misaimed at the last guy, losing us the match. My friends gave me crap for it and rightfully so. You shouldnt go into depression mode just because someone was 'mean' to you
Its nice to see 'average' players being rightfully proud for climbing up for a change, instead all the 'meh I'm diamond lol' posts all the time. Keep practising and you can climb up even higher! Gild is really where people start to use strats.
What if I told you that you dont need to crank up the volume to the max and can still hear everything just fine with a decent pair of headphones?
Thats why I only play casual anymore - I dont want to jeapordize my rank due to bullshit and bugs, crashes arent as impactful etc. I was also a vivid buyer of R6 credits etc. which I also stopped seeing how incompetent these devs are time and time again.
Kids these days live for the fast paced run and gun multiplayer only style. Raven Shield would flop with this consumer group
