I would feel bad. If there were anything to feel bad for. Megan fox got plastic surgery. I don't feel bad for her.
That settles it. Owls are the cats of the sky.
How many episodes was she in?
Ha!
Im surprised the NSFW rule is up there.
You succeeded.
Its the arch.
There are the most deaths!
It sounds like The girl from Ipanema.
It sounds like The girl from Ipanema.
Ya sure. If you want everyone to have grotesque bimbo proportions.
This could be the best response I've ever seen. Just because of just bow many situations it could be the best reply for.
And its soldiers driving it. HA! In your faces marines!
So your full of shit though?
Are you fucking happy now?!?
Then she should go to jail and her efforts in community service should be paid to him.
They would have just called her rosie then.
I love pitbulls.
Needs more mass effect
You spelled "great" incorrectly.
Going to owned.com be right back. Edit: don't go there.
Still cant have naked pictures of anyone under 18.
This is the kind of shit that created /r/fatpeoplehate
I don't think chorizo would make for a good father figure.
You're bacteria.
Lying piece of shit.
Lying piece of shit.
He's lying.
Ha!
Paul Blart mall cop.
That's a little simple minded.
I brought you back up from "0" (like it matters). But you should get that checked out.
Fucking nothing but liars these days.
How long have you been playing games?
Lol. Why are you apologizing.
"Envious."
Did that happen in china?
Thanks a lot bin laden.
Just because people are ignorant doesn't mean that there actions are valid.
It works for the nfl.
Except for in its most popular sport.
Aqua teen hunger force
Very nice. Now someone teach her how to use make up.
"Black" guys.
10gb plans and higher are $40 per month for a smartphone. If you do next (or pay full retail for the phone (same price)) then you get a $25 discount every month. $25x24=$600. The 24 is the 24 month contract you're avoiding. $600+$200 (we'll just use a 16gb iphone 2yr cost for example) =$800 $800&gt;$650. 650 is the retail cost of an iphone 6. The same savings can be found in any phone respectively.
http://i.imgur.com/w2cS3WK.jpg
If you ever choose to go down the futurama path you should probably bring tissues.
I AM THE LAW
I appreciate your expectations in recreations photos.
Best comment all day.
http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/391hzl/seinfeld_college_kids_way_too_pc_now_they_dont/
Typical hollywood. Cant just accept the black hole for what it is.
Foobs
Thats it.
Thats lil wayne
Where's the person commenting on how the v-neck gets deeper and deeper?
https://i.imgur.com/HbGUFD5.gifv
https://i.imgur.com/HbGUFD5.gifv
They'll love this over at /r/Chocolatechiseler
You can get robbed on earth.
"I would." You dumb boy.
Did adam demampt almost have down syndrome?
Christ thats so pathetic it made me sad. You need to examine your life before you keep trying to shit on others'. Thats not even a dis. Im literally saying that you have problems and you need to get them checked out.
Its the exact same link just with .gif behind it...
And i thought i was dumb.
Duhstroyed
Actually after seeing specials on them i could see them making that joke.
Bullshit
Dont go to sleep
Reminders!
Ya sooooo they definitely had this ready when the xbox one came out.
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v738/thoughtless_psycho/Facebook/Random%20things/4299_79393847638_599847638_1908549_1134473_n.jpg
Am i the only one who wants a very different mechanic than just the "double jump?" Something that takes finesse and can be fine tuned. Not just your run of the mill destiny stuff.
I've never noticed his demeanor this clearly. He doesn't look like a guy who aimed at killing the president and succeed. And thats a fucking accomplishment no matter how you look at it.
Fo real dawg
Me too.
Her?
Thats a bingo
More like its a legitimate question.
No they don't.
Ha
Do you like goods movies? If you do, you will love this movie.
You blow hard
Biggest talked are always full of shit.
I can understand that.
Lets just pretend everyone here is for the video that everyone here just watched.
I dont care about the women. I just want the couple behind them to be my grandparents.
Its the suv.
You mean the word envious. Jealousy is when you're afraid someone is going to take something from you http://youtu.be/Tmx1jpqv3RA
Aw dammit. Shes a scientologist?
Uhhhh http://youtu.be/Tmx1jpqv3RA
I think you can here her accent when she says "this is perfect."
Its just a fun example
I just cant wait to be a father and enjoy talking to kids as if they were people. Apparently something's wrong with me. Also staring contests.
Yep. And with all the bigen's the 5's will start acting like 9's.
Not buying it anymore. Plenty of other games coming out. Like a shit ton.
Why out all of the effort into making it look better, i mean as good, err i mean only graphics 5 years before the original release when money?
Bam! Right in the face!
thats simplifying the effect that shit like this can have on an entire industry.
She has fat fingers. There i said it!
That was disappointing
Your edits made me sad. Did people really those things?
You'd think with the glorious leader controlling the weather they'd be better.
I uhhh. Just realized that thats David Attenborough. And the guy from jurassic park is Richard Attenborough.
As my grand pappy use to say; "there are two things in this world you shouldn't rush; love, and bowel movements. And i love taking bowel movements."
He's talking about the people that try to keep it looking like a cop car.
Ya but i could say that with any post.
Gross
Shit title
Empire strikes back.
Did you not buy tickets for the smug train?
I love this lady. But wouldn't she be more influential as a senator than a Vp?
I just wish trash would go away. But hen where would I get my justice rage?
That is most definitely an assault rifle. Who told you it wasn't? The damn thing is called an AR-15
As a veteran i am surprised.
The more you know. Thanks.
I wouldn't be surprised if att changed all the old plans to unlim talk and text, even for a lower price. All without even thinking of touching the unlimited plans. Wouldn't have to account for much losses and the PR would be AMAZING. It would be a controlled group.
You shouldn't have to got out of your way to say no. How is everyone missing that? Ya it'd be a perfect world if everyone did but you're treating it like charity shaming.
It doesn't matter how long or how hard it is. Should you have to go out of your way to maintain your freedom of speech? No you shouldn't.
Man. You took nothing and went nowhere with it. When you come down from whatever level you just tried to take this to we can have a conversation about it.
Some day you'll look back on this illogical attitude you're carrying around and realize you were being a dumb asshole for no reason. Said the veteran.
I THOUGHT I WAS HE ONLY PERSON WHO NOTICED THAT!!!!! She said "FUCK THAT," but they changed it to "screw that." Plus those boobies.
Dude. You are missing the point. Stop being a child and look over what you've been saying. Grow up. This is you. https://youtu.be/MmFqAuVZMTY?t=30s
I said Im a veteran. If you dont know enough about life to know that THATS your answer then youre hopeless. Go back into your whole.
How did you get ranked in your state? Just tourneys or is there some kind of ranking system in the game?
In a perfect world you would never bring att into the phone buying experience. In a perfect world for at&amp;t you would buy all your phones and THEN go to them for service on the phones. You don't buy you computer from your isp do you? Same thing.
Thats vin diesel.
Thats gotta be at least THE most depressing songs in the disney universe.
Or they could store the specs of each road in good weather and go off of memory.
And go 300mph+
Did they have to give her a fivehead? But in all honesty, and i know reddit would disagree, but jlaw isnt hot. Not even. Attractive? Yes. Hot? No. All this with the follow up of romain? Forget about it.
Do people really like that character? Seriously?
That joke will never work for me after i saw the video of the lady falling into one... DO NOT go looking for it.
See: BLM
Bureau Lives Matter, etc.
Ya, but i actually don't see why you would have to give up owning your own car. Like ever. I don't need to buy my own bike because my city has bike 24/7 rental stations through out. But do i own my own bike? Yep.
Just had the micro version of that man. Feel like a jenga stack ready to fall apart at any moment. But even so, sometimes all you can do is pick up the pieces and move on.
Age difference.
Introducing: Darth Springer!
And whooo was that guard??
But whats their purpose?
So close to being completely accurate.
Says the what now? Ease off that horse sjw.
In what way could i be "full of shit?" I havent even claimed anything. Learn your words child. And preach your ignorant neckbeard to someone at your level.
Well you just saved havoc for me. But ya that character in first class was just terrible. The first scene of him has him trying to rip his shoulder blades out of his back just to look cool. The guy would have had a stroke if he tried any harder.
Good one. Thanks for proving my point.
The yellow one.
And still no RDR 2???? Or 3?????
Thats actually how it's "suppose to be."
Your a real pal. ;)
The only way you can get the idea that she did know all about it is the visions she had in the basement. They show luke grimacing next to r2 about the deaths of the padawans.
Ya, i would love if people came to me with the least bit of notion to even listen to information let alone get some before they come in.
The salmon migrations keep me up at night.
Those backers are probably pretty happy right about meow.
Has anyone else gotten the red and white striped walls glitch there?
Right. Paging /u/petermayhew Help us chewy! You're our only hope!
Da
Punchy mc fisty cufts! Thats how!
Ya, thoose are knuckles if ive ever seen them.
That guys a big phony!
Every picture of you is you when you were younger.
This is just a pic from the alternate universe where el chapo is a real life John McClain.
I already voted last year in my current address but it says im not registered. Is there a difference between that and caucus registration?
What did he say???
Technically he was a bronco.
Ive been saying this since day freagin one. But only to a few people because good lord do sjw/pc'ers just wait in the rafters to come down on anyone with legitimate concerns.
Technically yes, but we still need to figure out if that should matter. All the SJW/PC maniacs will scream over you to tell you it doesn't and you're a horrible horrible person for even thinking that. But they're idiots.
See episode "raising gazopazorp" of Rick and Morty for upcoming world events.
See episode "raising gazopazorp" of Rick and Morty for upcoming world events.
Yesno
Which?
So does that mean you thought i was referring to "Richard Fucks?" Ironically that name would and probably does belong to a male pornstar.
Any good stories?
Yep yep yep
I just want to be a part of that gang.
lololololololol
I need these answers
Rewindme! 24 hours ago!
Yu should also post this to /r/backdimples Great work!
That. And a massive amount of fear and insecurity bred into the society they hold above all others.
/r/buzzfeed
Like seahorses.
It's an honest question considering i cant find anyone else griping about it online.
Yes
Its a babying technique if its the case.
It will work with whatever plan.
Any smartphones as long as they're worth at least $10 to at&amp;t and aren't broken. So about anything more valuable than a 4s. It its a gsm 4s then even that.
Please bring down all of these yahoo news click bait titles.
The 20 gb plan is $200. So if you're already paying that then you need to just compare with what get to what you give up. Current: everything you need for the price you're paying. (As long as the other two line dont start using more. MSV 20gb plan: hot spot, Mexico becomes kinda local and tablets become "only" $10 for cell service. If none of those appeal to you then id stick with what ya got for the time being until something better comes along.
These comments suck.
Psssh, animated shows are dumb. ALL HAIL THE HYPNOTOAD!
"New customer" goes line by line. So even if her account is 10 years old l, when you add on the new lines *are* "new customers." So yes, you would get all the new promos for each like added.
Dont create a new account. Both att and dtv account HAVE to be under the same last name. And the porting old att numbers back to att is fine too. Just add the new lines to the existing account and you'll get everything you're looking for.
Do you have an extra playing you in "Munich?" Just say yes.
Hello ground!
Oh my god these fucking TMZ titles are making people dumber.
Which entrance?
[I think you just really love smash mouth](http://youtu.be/rmn12HszN8c)
Vice president O'Malley?
More like josh groban.
People just love pointing fingers. And they'll point them before know why.
Second
*seemed*
Oh, so theres a camera thats faster than the speed of light. Totally.
She has a gigantic head.
Fondant can be still be seriously addressed even from negative sarcasm. Its a serious issue. Like asbestos for cakes. Sure, joke about it all you want. But that shit will kill you and rape your mother given the chance.
Easy neckbeard.
"We?" Thats about as neckbeard as you get. Good luck with your fantasy world.
Recognize it for it is. Im surprised you know what that means considering. I also don't think you know what a playground is.
When using "considering" that way it means i'm referring to the context and source of the discussion. You lacked the ability to RECOGNIZE the title of the post for WHAT IT WAS. It was a click bait phrase. Editorializing at best. And let me know the next time you hear "neckbeard" used as an insult at your kids' playground.
Now who's using playground insults? And just because you don't like being reminded that there's a reality out there doesn't mean people should have to avoid you. Talk about maturity. Please. And that's not what nonsensical means.
Its less about him and more about the guy with the bat.
He heeded to the elephant.
That and they don't have a collective chip on their shoulder.
I dont think this person has that kind of depth.
It gets applied automatically from the billing dept. Its $300 with port,next and Directv. Then $200 trade in. $500 total per line.
Ya you have to but a phone on next. If you really have NO need for one you can buy like a $150 phone on next and take $150 loss. (And a good back up phone)
Meh
When he started talking shit about the fans not liking him as the choice.
[ahem](http://womenwriteaboutcomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/RRl0N.jpg)
S'ok, i had the same thing happen with Natalie Portman in the professional.
And shittier and shittier. Huh, didnt actually know that was a word until i types it out.
I seriously doubt anyone would think they could hit someone from that distance with a hand gun. Let alone a secret service member.
Dad?
Ever seen "waiting?"
Well now that a smart group of people downvoted me for no fucking reason ill tell you to watch it because it shows how a guy gets help with his anxiety of using public restrooms. It actually helped me.
Huh, just like futurama.
Thank you. Im too high to figure out what the fudge a colonel fried chicken is.
Nice tail slap!
Thank jebuz. I thought I would be the only one.
And it requires reality.
Genetic engineering at its best. This is miranda lawson.
I hate the sand. Its coarse and gets everywhere.
Thats a little different.
Except that now for some stupid reason everyone in command is 25 and under. Seriously why the fuck is hollywood shoving 20-25 year olds in incredibly unrealistic positions?
You thought he looked nervous when he gave his speech? And who wouldnt be nervous around a child with murder magic skills? But really he still calls him out on shit. When officers did that to vader he choked the bitches.
Im too high for this.
This shits gonna catch on.
It would be funnier if you said that with the self impression that it *was* finished.
Exaggerations or not everyone can agree how short it felt.
One of my favorite scenes.
Why should that make me donate $40? Im getting fucking sick of these titles.
*weeps*
Noooooooo such thing
Ya, this is the exact thing i thought about when this shoddy "LPT" came up.
Oh i loved the ever loving shit of it. Bought it twice and played through 3 times. But ya.
/r/mostgifsthesedays
Man, she had A LOT of hangover diarrhea on her hands.
That and the color is the same shade of excrement after a night of whiskey and coke/hot dogs.
Two bullets'
Thats why you simply dip the hot dogs *in* the coke. I call em snow dogs.
And ironic.
Less retard level drama and more actual racing and ya got me.
Or maybe they just want to work at the pizza place??!? Am i the only one here who thinks you should be able to work WHEREVER you want WHENEVER you want without judgement? Period? Like it doesn't fucking matter? America has a HUGE problem with occupational judgement. Shits fucked.
Thank you. I knew i wasn't saying it right.
I miss that game so much.
Dense. An IMPORTANT lesson in childhood is that you learn having fun isnt ABOUT winning. Man people forget what this shit we call childhood is all about. ITS NOT JUST ABOUT HAVING FUN AND BEING SPECIAL.
Grape!
Isnt it sped up?
Is the barn part sped up or real time?
Impressive shit man! You might have just sealed my interest in quad copters. Thanks!
Sometimes i have a similar experience when even my best friends are at my apartment. I get into an unreasonable agitated state and i just want them not to only leave but to just stop. Stop what, i don't know. Don't know what it is but I've found that playing mental tricks on myself helps a lot. I imagine that because of my being short with them or snarkyness I've made them want to leave (i try to do this before it becomes reality). And when i feel remorse (for the hypothetical i created) it helps with appreciating their presence. It flips my agitation into appreciation.
You don't think he's playing?
And then nothing happened.
Although it was very useful. In that it helped realize i have no friends.
Until you find yourself having an inner scream fest right? Try the flip thing. I know for a fact that having someone i know or care about resent me or feel hurt because of me is the last thing in the world that i want. Part of my problem is that i don't handle unexpected guests very well. So i use the fear/unwanting of that reality to give my crazy brain some logical perspective. It forces my character to show up.
/r/forwardsfromgma
"Show you their own quotes?" Wtf is up with those words?
Whats funny is how many times this gets reposted.
Photoshopped. Unnecessarily.
How is this post still so low? Is there a meeting i forgot about again??? IS THERE??!??!
http://www.reddit.com/r/rickandmorty/comments/42t6qh/can_we_get_some_thread_killer_posts_for_all_the/
Unless you're acting, you've got a terrible personality.
He doesn't have to drink at cocktails.
Now you're being ironic.
Muscle weighs more than fat.
I miss my grandma.
This is fucking stupid
These comments make me wish that i couldn't read.
Ya, why the fuck did they feel the need to mention that?
Fuck this stupid post and fuck you OP.
Why?
"Thoughtlessly." as if a person was without thought when they used a word by its fucking definition. People ruin meanings not words.
"Socially accepted" is the correct vernacular, not just "correct."
Thats what i thought tool.
"Collateral sacrifice."
Oh no. We should assume everything's done on purpose.
Thats funny since your second rendition of the meaning is my first instance of it. Meaning you were either trying to keep up or you are still behind. Which is it?
Its unicorn diarrhea
Why such a stupid angle?
That means shes not actually blind.
Nice, cant wait for this to never happen. See you guys then!
Jungle improvement I think.
U WOT MATE?!
You're not squalor.
Same with 2
It's possibly the biggest if not the only reason why people (myself included) are so hung up on 2.
YOU'RE NOT IMPORTANT! You're also correct.
Ya, this didn't happen.
Seriously. What the fuck makes anyone thinks it's cool to comment on that shit?
But it's an *enhanced* bear.
This should the dude boss or a boss lady. Not the good Gina chick.
Once bitten was a Jim Carrey movie.
It's a warm fuzzy feeling starting/shifting these things.
Not to be a hipster, but I almost prefer it that way.
Pizzometry
ANACONDA SKKWEEEZZZZ!
I hate that hold.
So they do pee. Just as mist from their abdomens.
Especially you!
That de eascalated quickly.
This is a stupid post. One that makes me feel stupid for being on this subreddit.
Ya, it's a pervy sad attempt at being clever.
That response doesn't make sense.
It's more the method.
Turok 2?
Corekt.
My god
What kind of fucktard would not? What the hell is this click bait bullshit doing on reddit?
Down
Were talking about roomba's you incorrect douchebag.
Someone isn't old enough to know what branding is. See what I did there douche? And using your alt Accts makes you a bigger douche.
Sky?
Now it's clear that you just have very bad comprehension skills. Good luck with that.
That's what the last guy said!
There is absolutely no regret in this ENTIRE gif. Why even bother labeling these subreddits?
Fur sure.
Oh FFS.
That and the motorcycle
Dollary-doos'
The one that talked shit to you while you fired it was great.
THAT'S AN ICE CREAM SANDWICH YOU SONOFABITCH! Sorry, I really like those.
Penny cam?
I feel for you. I had the exact same situation happen to me. Except the psychopath I dealt with left the store saying "thank you."
Aka: Honda ridgeline.
Can you think of something sharper?
r/SR71 That's all ya need friendo!
I get it!
Coming Soon!: what's been obvious for a while now.
The last prince of prince of Persia game
Her?
Who wants super powers???
Ah the pain.
How could you not?
Try that exact spot.
This is a great use of this meme.
This is made up.
I'm still unemployed because I stood up for a coworker in this exact situation. :(
Not even if you rubbed cheetah blood on it??
Die you dirty giraffe!
Dead space should do ya just fine. It's third person but it's pretty good suspenseful gameplay.
Let my apps go.
Same
Agreed. ME1 was such a malleable universe! The difference you could have in the gameplay puts the rest of the games to shame. With all the different load outs and special upgrades. You could walk into a room and rain fire on anything that moved near the end of it. Gimme back my endless omnigel quest!!!!
TMZ, at it again...
I want to start a business called "Apartment Depot." Inside there will just be a bunch of people standing around saying; "we ain't gotta fix shit." Mitch H
Olivia wilde?
I just straddle the toliet.
Welcome to earth.
I heard that bears, can smell the cum.
Ha
What a drug dealer!
Only a small few of Berry eaters have teeth. I don't even know which ones they are.
Me too thanks
"Most likely it was not an actual choice you made but you just grew up knowing what you were." I think that people create a lot of problems for themselves and others because of this obsession with trying too hard to *know* yourself.
Pretty good grasp on who you are? AT 9? WTF kind of shit is this? Is this a joke?
Wow. I never got that before.
Or a three year olds wedding.
Because people shouldn't hide.
You're referring to a place of confidence more than a "safe space." They term "safe space" means more like an imaginary shield were you can't hurt my beliefs. Unfortunately.
Wikipedia is not a good enough source for this kind of context.
"The new."
Uhhh, absolutely? You don't defeat what you hide from.
Anything.
Humans aren't that complex. You're peddling ignorance.
Letting something pass is letting something pass. A storm can hurt you. Words cannot.
Their family business of making stock company photos is doing quite well.
Safe spaces do not exist. Just like Santa, just like the toothfairy. It is the lie that I don't like. Some "ADULTS" feel like they need to lie to themselves to *FEEL* safe. And when people show them the truth they are attacked as villans.We're all in this together. The sooner we rid ourselves of delusions the clearer our future will be. Humans need to grow up.
"Old," "truck."
Holy shit. For an ipod.
That's awesome! It's like a advice reverse fish tank. Or whatever those things are called.
Did anyone get it?
It's a Futurama joke. Tool? You don't even know what you're talking about. Do you also think you know what irony means?
Looks to be so.
I wish they didn't have the eye shift.
Who said that?
Or pointy pointy ow ow.
And shes from Iowa!
Moustache rides at seaworld!
Thank you
This is fake
Bob's Burgers... AND NOW THIS?!
Same. I thought origins was the shittiest of the collection. They didn't even use the right fucking voice.
You mean all that sweet omni gel...
*Everyone* loves to go on about biotic this and biotic that but soldier was my favorite. Mind powers are great but you're telling me that we don't have to worry about ammo anymore? *AND* I can vamp up my sniper rifle to be a hand held fucking howizter? Sign me up.
Mcdonald*land?*
Oh? And what do you suppose they use to get the background check for a specific person?
And in walks branstad...
It's already updated on google!
Ravens are very good at...
Amazing camera work.
I need to start paying more attention.
You know nothing Jon snow.
They're all over germany.
Omg dorito mussolini.
And I ain't got no job! How's the doggy daycare pay out? I've always thought of starting one.
Anyone who gets this reference should also check out "the illusionist"
Hi jim! Just wanted to say you killed it as Gerry Gergich! In a show with so many incredibly talented people you really make the cut and add such a needed glue. Thanks so much for being such a great part of something amazing. My question: what was it like working with christie brinkley as your wife?
What happened to that lady? After the PR's she did a tv movie special and then nothing.
That's a shitily designed poster.
That already looks better.
You're a puppet harry!
What?
They're floating
I don't want anymore ME games. I've played more than most and Andromeda was a soulless shiny POS cash pickup. In 5 years it will just be a rinse wash repeat.
That's me. I'm not buying the next ME game. Even though I played through the OT 8 fucking times. FUCK BIOWARE.
Staged.
Wow, sexy new aged medusa. I would've never known.
Almost like being built by other countries from the ground up is helpful... Ever heard of Japan???
What the fuck is this and these stupid comments?
Good work on documenting everything! That way you can't get ripped off like the guy with the windshield wipers speed differentiaters. Greg kinear I think. I. E. I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT.
LOUD ONES TOO
I like to sleep with my eyes closed!
He looks like the "Heavy Metal" Batman! Nice!
More like a cigar.
NO CAPES!
Friction...
*Dude,* noice.
This is either [who?](http://saintheron.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/Common.jpg) or you were in my [what?](https://images6.alphacoders.com/503/503035.jpg)
The game is missing soul. And it tried to barter with the meaningless side missions, a shiny car and overdone lesbian krogans.
Have you seen Oblivion?
r/boltons
3!
Nothing you just said referenced anything but the title.
With USB type STAB!
r/evenwithcontext
But not before the tree people came to be.
Tripping bowls.
Me too thanks.
TWONG! *beepbeepbeep*
And then bring out the death turkeys to clean up!
I love that movie.
Meh, reality gets tough. But I wouldnt trade depression for blissful ignorance any day. In the end, reality will always be all we have. But I'm just glad you enjoyed it! Also I'd suggest finding a cool new hobby! Cooking helped me a lot.
*how* *about* *sunrisr* *land?*
Women act irrationally because that's what children do. We must be prepared.
Doesn't look like anything to me.
I was part of that experiment! But Chris Hanson was there and ruined the party.
"surprise"
Why do some people have such "odd" dexterity. I *hate* the way that guy presses buttons.
Oh is that your *guess*? Sure it wasn't the top comment here with the "hippo attack" link?
I certainly wouldn't let the pressure needed to depress the button compromise the rigidness of my fingers. This man has what my holiphone teacher calls "stupid fingers."
Exactly! This gif looks like someone just has a rubber hand and is slapping it on the board.
I think it's more the strain on the tendons by hyper flexing the index. It's like nails on a chalk board.
The hell are you smoking?
That thing won't "pop." it's just a surface infection.
This isn't r/PerfectTiming
That was an action role!
And... Dodge
It done made mah eyes rain.
You look like a Kevin Smith/Quentin Tarentino crossover.
I'm so excited! I'm so excited! I'm soo scaaared!
They're Bi-siegeual.
I've walked past that mosque at about 2am (0200) when about 300-400 of these guys were getting out of prayer. I was in a sea is islam.
Right on Dr. Freaksworth!
Yuo better get out of here and never come back!
Boy you are duumb.
Dick.
Is it? For all we know this guy just loves making humming bird underwear.
Pika-cha-chu-chu-skywalker. Awh-awh-awh
Thats what most of the rest of the world uses too. Like most things in the US military.
Whats "often?"
"Life proof" cases are called that because thwy can deal woth whatever *life* throws at you. The materials are meant take a beating at any moment. Not thw rest of moments. What id do is keep the life proof case for rougher activities. And keep a more casual one for day to day.
Thats true too. Otterbox wouldnt deteriorate as quickly but its a lot more bulky. I just use a speck case for my s7 edge(hard phone to protect.) id try one of those.
Sorry meant to drop the "looking" part.
You dont give enough credit to an animals ability to be aware of a situation. Also the fact that sometimes certain animals (just like people) are just assholes. No one's saying that the dog had a cognitive self discussion on the consequences. But they sure as fuck know when they choose to be an asshole. That dog is an asshole. Theyre not robots.
http://imgur.com/pyGTSYq
Ya! Score one for the midwest!
Bordello of blood... Good times
Whats amazing is that you can actually see *what* scares him. Its the sudden realization of the inability to comprehend how something could just "pop" out of existence. (8)
Who would complain about someone making them food? Im so hungry.
Why *wouldnt* it be the most outrageous thing? Best case scenario it was a mayo filled meat and cheese sandwich. But no, its just got TWO types of butter.
Typical clown
You sea monster!
Or ebay
The hell is that thing in the middle? Of this is accurate then can someone tell me why it looks like it cracked in half?
http://imgur.com/qtgCJ5R
Rocky horror picture show? How was that not the first one?
[Catch and release](https://youtu.be/6gEHFpfa4T4)
Stupid relevant flanders.
*14.* no wonder this guy feeds on attention, its all he ever gets.
Correct about the live show definitely.
Ahh, with the formation of the valley and the "crack" (coming from the body of water at the "bend" of the valley) it just really had me wondering its orgins. Probably just an atmospheric circumstance due to the rockies. But i really wanted it to be a gigantic crater left by a massive space rock. http://imgur.com/l80hNsl
Or cocaine!
Is it too much to ask to have all these corrupt officals tied up and have some sense slapped into them? Repeatedly?
Hey guys! Cant tell you how much futruama has been a great part of my life! Question: Do you have any fond memories/stories of working with Phil Hartman as Zapp?
There just two regular brothers.
Well how could you forget buffalo bills voice?
No i meant "*there,* just two regular brothers see?" see? Cuz id never confuse the different "theres." hahahahaha, dont you believe me!?
Yarp. Just watched it again the other night. Its such a fitting tribute to all cop movies.
Like the hound!
