Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
That would certainly be my guess.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
Fingers crossed that they can get it done!
Correct. They could certainly use his size too.
It's a short season, like the original Walking Dead season 1 and it will run right into the premiere of the original.
4 D lineman in 8 days. Sheesh!
[Well then](https://vine.co/v/ed52iWhtKvM)
And wouldn't hold up to a first year law student's criticism in court.
"immovable position" - someone who hated Penn State before
You do realize the NCAA totally buckled and settled out of court when the State of Pennsylvania was going to sue them because of what hot trash the Freeh report is. The NCAA was about to get their collective asses handed to them.
There's a nut that thinks that (edit: he's not an alum and has no ties to Penn State, he's just trying to make a name for himself) and a few people that agree with him. I'd prefer Sandusky was hung for that shit. That doest change the fact that the NCAA overstep their purview and tried to make an example of Penn State while leaning on the Freeh report that holds as much water as a colander.
Except every time that it's challenged, the party holding it up as a source settles or folds. The NCAA knows it's trash as much as anyone.
I can care a ton. Responsible parties are in jail or awaiting trial. I'm just someone who knows how to assign blame where due and not blanket the whole University like you.
Bust that took national champion Ohio State (edit: last year) to 2 OT behind a paper bag for an offensive line and reduced scholarships.
My god. Shame on you if you turned this game off.
A program hit with scholarship reducing sanctions?
It should be a good game. We're losing him and most of the D line but our back 7 should be improved. Pitt should retain a lot of talent and if Conner can get back healthy that would be a huge boost.
I'm a Pens fan (coming in peace!) but please listen to Mike Lange if you get a chance. Man is a freaking treasure.
That's exactly what it is.
I'm thankful for his contributions but he's just getting overtaken by the young talent. Good luck to him.
He's going to Oklahoma.
FYI, all the NHL games radio feeds are available for free on the NHL app. You just have to register your email.
He did pull himself out of a game.
I think he did play the next game but he got some national media attention with some comments he made about being careful, especially when you're young. I thought it was a good start to a discussion about concussion care.
I'm hoping this isn't symptomatic of a bigger problem but I guess if you have a team with many walk ons or some that have earned scholarship, they might fall down the depth chart if better players are coming in. I'm just trying not to jump to conclusions.
I had to go back to the box score. I remembered the game very incorrectly. Thanks for pointing that out.
And a top RB recruit coming in.
That game set college football back ten years.
I also think renovation is much more likely. They just spent $10 million on new scoreboards and the luxury box side is pretty fresh. The press box is ancient though. The facilities in the grandstands (concessions/bathrooms) are nice but when you get down to the lower bowl they're really spotty. That is the sort of thing that could use a major overhaul.
Yes, I'm sure those would be addressed with a renovation. Right now there is a big company hired to look over all aspects of facilities for Beaver Stadium, the Jordan center and Rec Hall. They'll make recommendations after their review.
Boo. I love Big Ten hockey so far. I did wonder if they'd add teams for hockey only in the future. For example, the Big Ten sponsors lacrosse now, with Johns Hopkins being lacrosse only.
Dealers do this all the time with "demo" cars. The manager or his wife or a local college coach or nfl player drives a car and talks up the dealership. The car is never "sold" and still is on a MSO (Manufacturers Statement of Origin) and has never been titled so it's technically still a "new" car. The buyers have to be made aware of this as well.
Yeah... Club sports red tape is fun. "No bows or arrows on clothing. Swords are totally OK for fencing club."
The man who called all of his timeouts at the end of a blowout loss to delay the B1G trophy presentation and make my feet colder. (This is in jest, I don't mind MSU)
Pitt has FANTASTIC players but in the comparison game, PSU suffers from their stars being at positions that aren't as sexy. All in all, I think it's pretty darn even. Larry Fitz looks a lot cooler streaking down the field with his hair flowing than Tamba Hali does making a tackle.
Well, after Harbaugh has a sleepover at his house, probably not.
I would think the PSU coaches are assuming Nordin is going to go to Michigan.
Maybe he thinks our offense will be bad and he'll get lots of chances to kick long field goals...
I expect "ahem" some hostility next year.
I want both to be good and stable for a healthy rivalry. The teams had damned similar seasons last year - beating all the teams they were supposed to and losing to all the teams they were supposed to, including some nationally elite teams. Both lost bowl games. I've just grown tired of the narrative where Pitt is on the rise and Penn State is a sinking ship. They are very, very similar right now.
I mean, it doesn't look great, but IMO, it was worth a gamble. If even one guy had said yes it would have been well worth any of the negative attention.
He's announcing that he's running for mayor of DC!
He's doing Flying Elbow Drops in Heaven.
We should fire John Donovan.
Didn't they catch it at a pretty good time? I thought he was working out to rehab his injury and felt questionable.
sta7ic will likely point out that those guys aren't "real reporters," just bloggers, and he'd be correct, but your point about their implications holds true, especially when these guys are in direct contact with recruits. I think it would be unprofessional for a recruiting blogger to insinuate things like that to 17 year old kids, but I'm also not naive enough to believe it doesn't happen, regardless of team.
Did you see the Katy Perry halftime show last year?
The 06-07 series was pretty good.
That's the kind of hate I'm looking for.
I know the feeling. The Crowbar, one of my favorite music venues, closed right before my freshman year. Bummer.
LaVar Arrington is the reason I like college football. Edit: See that 11 in my username? It's his 11. Brought it the whole way over from my AIM screen name.
Hack's on the field contributions will always be second in my mind after his off the field contributions. Lots of people bitching about 7 wins would be hoping for a third or fourth by season's end without him, I'm convinced.
Anthony Morelli? If I could reach through the internet to fight one person, it would be you.
I'd tell you to just get a regular hunting bow to start. It's a great sport, you get additional days in the woods if you state is like mine and hunting is something you're interested in, and, for me the best part is... you go pull your bullets out of the target and use them again. I shoot a few times a week for a couple hours. I could never afford to run even my shotgun like that.
For sure. Target Archery is very cathartic for me... Unless I'm sucking that day.
I will never forgive them for 2008. Also, when I was five in 1993, I got aggravated that Penn State was playing the Steelers and wouldn't watch, I'm told.
I can't throw all the blame on him. No one that ever stepped foot in State College thought higher of himself than Anthony Morelli. That kind of attitude is not what you need to be successful.
Gold Medalist Chris Kunitz.
I'd feel much better about it if it was week 4. So early in the season is a big question mark.
Bethel Park?
And then Sid pockets the OT goal in that game, IIRC.
I disagree. (Edit: To the slap on the wrist part, I agree that Baylor will not get the death penalty) Allowing all players to transfer without having to sit is easily forgotten because not many people left, even though the guys that left were the top RB, WR, and K, but that was still a strong punishment. $60 million in fines (roughly equal to a year of football revenue, few businesses could survive losing an entire year of revenue), bowl bans, and scholarship reductions all existed even after the NCAA backpedaled. That is all outside the fact that the NCAA only ended up removing the consent decree because they were about to be publicly raked over the coals in an antitrust lawsuit with the State of Pennsylvania.
I don't think everyone agrees, but I really loved those baby blues from the Winter Classic. The Pittsburgh Gold ones are the absolute best though.
He "has a small penis" in one episode of How I Met Your Mother though, so it's not like he has a perfect life.
I expected exactly that kind of response from Sullivan.
I wondered that as well. I think I remember seeing something a few years ago about people that would wear them that way because they know the TV camera is back there. Seems ridiculous to me though.
I also hear that he cheats at faceoffs.
I really like the fact that the schedule is so Division-heavy late in the season. This time zone thing is resultant of that. Philly, NYR, NYI, Washington, Carolina, New Jersey, and Columbus are all Eastern Time Zone Teams.
What a pleasant change from last year. They would have ended up the #1 lottery team if they had that same slate.
That's a great point.
We are not the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League school in Philadelphia founded by Ben Franklin. It happens more to them than us, I think. Recently a WWE female wrestler worked out at a gym at UPenn and tweeted that she was at Penn State. Penn State is a pretty darn good school, but I think it has to be frustrating if you went to UPenn, busted your ass to get an Ivy League degree, and get lumped in with the State school because of similar name.
But... it worked for game 2. I do enjoy that Dave Mustaine is a legitimate crazy person now. My other thought was some Iron Maiden, I wanted to give the 3rd star for game 2 to the sound guy at Consol, he played my favorite Maiden song, The Trooper, at a big moment.
Noter Dame.
If summoning a beast from the depths of hell is what it takes to win the Cup, you bet that Sid would be out there doing the summoning dance.
IT'S VERY NICE THAT METALLICA WILL BE IN ATTENDANCE TONIGHT TO PLAY CREEPING DEATH ABOUT THE SHARKS STANLEY CUP HOPES.
IF IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ICING, IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
Yes. Please so much yes. Also, the goalie masks would just be incredible.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE IT'S A BAD THING. FORMER PITTSBURGH STEELER TOMMY MADDOX IS THE 15 YEAR REIGNING XFL MVP. I DON'T FORGET.
Hey that's my comment! Thanks, guy!
Yeah, Bellefonte is cool to me because it's so similar to my home town; it's a small old-ish county seat near the bigger town. Happy Valley is a neat place, especially if you're an outdoorsy person.
Sounds like a good strategery.
They are those same bracelets that got thrown on the ice in Philadelphia. They're insanely cool. They have an infrared receiver and are programmable by section for awesome light shows.
Jesus Christ, dude. Don't say his name. That's how they find you. Didn't you read anything?
I watched the one they did last year at the NBA finals earlier today and was pretty disappointed so my expectations were low.
All 3 of the Penguins Cup wins have come on the road. Now they'll have their opportunity to win at home. Unreal. Also Doc waiting until the bitter end to sneak in the obligatory Pirates reference. Man is a damn treasure.
It's way better when he's not ripping your heart out and instead ripping out the heart of your opposition.
I don't deserve this gift you're giving, but let me be the first to say that I think this is an unbelievable showing of genuine human heart. I'm pretty moved by your offering. Please update us with pictures once you've gone.
You should do some genealogy research.
Whether you think he was pure as an angel or guilty as the devil, I think there's an appropriate argument that can be made for the "unjustly reacted too fast" in the firing, especially when you consider that Spanier, Shultz and Curley were retained and even defended by the University for a little while. There was a lot of media outrage and the firing was a way that the Board could alleviate some of the outside pressure.
I believe the Rings are cut and flattened for display.
Not a huge deal but you have Paterno with 2 conference championships and it should be 3 (1994, 2005, 2008) and also with 3 National Championships when it is usually stated as only 2 (unless you are counting 1994, and that is very kind, but not typically counted).
Twice. Maybe they can win 4-1 tonight.
I think that dude was just joking about it also being the Steelers facility. Kind of a +/- for Pitt. Great that it's in the same facility as the gold (heh) standard of NFL teams, sorta stinks that it's far from campus.
I'll go over with 7 or 8. Supposedly new and explosive offense with the correct kind of QB that Franklin wants to play with, some of the best skill position players Penn State has had since the 2008 season, but big losses of 3 drafted on the defensive line make the defense a question mark, and as always, how will the offensive line look?
His off the field contributions will forever be more significant than his on the field contributions: (he holds basically every Penn State passing record, led them to winning seasons in years where Penn State was predicted to be the bottom of the barrel, led them to numerous come from behind victories and a bowl win and has a great opportunity in the NFL)
Shame on you both for arguing on the internet about the difference between 1 mile and 2.2 miles.
I am familiar with Pittsburgh. I spent multiple years working around the campus, even some work on the campus with respect to the vehicles Joe Jordano, Joe Rudolph, Jamie Dixon, etc. drive. All I was saying is that you take a vehicle to the Southside facility. Y'all are getting very defensive arguing the smallest of margins.
I would argue that my use of "far from campus" is not so out of line though. I'd love to know data on this, but I would wager to think that the distance between the campus and practice facility or campus and stadium is further at Pitt than the high majority of colleges, especially ones not located in cities. Again, not meant to be a shot whatsoever, I'm just trying to talk data. Edit: Just looking at the ACC including Notre Dame, only 3 schools have off campus stadiums. Miami is horribly far away, and NC state is similar to Pitt in distance. Wvu is sort of an outlier; their stadium is on campus but the campus is split.
I would legitimately rather give the program money that they can use to further their student athlete programs (especially the Olympic sports) than give $200 bucks to a guy that doesn't like his own school enough to go to the Penn State game. Edit: and I'll be giving the remaining tickets to Pitt alum family.
I anticipate it to get really nasty before the Pitt/Penn state game this year and I welcome it. Good luck to Temple, for sure. Had some friends that played for them in past years and I always like to see them do well save for one game a year.
Radio interviews I've heard with WVUs coach have said that WVU was willing to extend, but Pitt's AD at the time was not. Now that Pitt has a much more competent AD, I think they're both more open to extending the series past the currently scheduled games.
Not a good week for Detroit. Obviously Howe was a legend and that goes without saying, but Muhammad Ali also had strong Michigan/Detroit ties. _/
Ahem, 3 time Stanley Cup Champion, Olympic Gold medal winning Chris Kunitz.
I was in school when they were transitioning to online tickets. The first year they didn't have it split among classes. I remember hearing that the 21,000 we're accounted for in 59 seconds... and then Ticketmaster crashed. I was lucky enough to get mine. After that, they started splitting it by class status and the Ticketmaster fees jumped to $50.
My freshman year was a huge outrage. Tickets were always via mail and students could just casually mail them in. Well, following the Orange Bowl win, interest was at a high and a TON of Seniors didn't get them. I know some people that made a pretty penny selling theirs to seniors.
Yeah, I found it confusing to the conversation. "I'm rooting for the Lightning, but I'm really a Wild fan."
I hope it looks as great at noon as it did for prime-time against Rutgers last year.
Not everyone would agree with this, but I always thought it would be cool for the previous year's Captain to pass it to the next Captain. It highlights the fact that's it's a trophy you hold and don't keep. Obviously this could create problems if a team repeats or if the winning team loses the Final the next year, but I always thought it would be really cool.
I remember being super mad about that Wisconsin game.
I have Gamecenter and you can select the French Canadian feed for Montreal, for example. Would be great if you could get these guys.
Not that guy at all. I didn't know any of that and am genuinely happy you posted it. TIL. Thanks!
Dick Tarnstrom
The [Battle for the Land Grant Trophy](http://photos1.blogger.com/x/blogger2/544/1973/1600/579444/trophy2.jpg), the greatest trophy in all of sports was very manufactured, with Penn State having overwhelming success at the beginning, now followed by many dominant years from Michigan State. It would have been much better with some more parity. It is a forced rivalry, but darn, I missed it bad for the few years they didn't play it.
I enjoy walking past Ford Theater after the games to Metro Center. Just feels important.
I agree completely. Kessel played well in the Final but didn't have the huge moments he did in the previous 3 series.
Tom Bradley's single win as a head coach, which was one of the vacated wins for a while, if I'm not mistaken.
I pre-ordered it on Amazon and it says "Arriving July 26, 2016."
Moving soon. Thanks, this may be my lifesaver!
There was a phenomenal MS Paint Monday drawing of this that I was SURE was saved on my phone, but no luck. It said "Oh God, the ball!"
I moved hockey seats 2 years ago because the guy beside us had large ball syndrome and sat with his legs spread as far as possible. Also, per my buddy, "he smelled like he worked in a band-aid factory."
Totally agree.
Some people just think they're funny. People also used to sneak "Austin Scott" into the Alma Mater near the "May no act of ours bring shame" line, and a silver lining of the JS bullshit is that those idiots stopped singing that part.
SORRY I WAS SAD. FIXED.
Very possible
Things more interesting than Baseball to occupy your time until College Football Season.
I said "more interesting" not "puts you to sleep."
Hey, hey, there's no need for that. Each of those players brought a critical skill set that allowed them to beat ~~Russia~~ Iceland in their second game after getting killed by ~~Russia~~ Iceland in ~~Madison Square Garden~~ their first loss of the Junior Goodwill games.
Iowa 6, Penn State 4. Iowa allowed an intentional safety. That game set college football back 10 years.
Hey guys, come have a seat at this CLEARLY NOT A CHEVY COMMERCIAL table.
There were people ready to run him out of town last year. His aggressive moves this year paid off in Spades.
Pitt. They had 1 more win than Penn State did last year (an FCS team, btw) and they act like they're the next Alabama while Penn State is trash. They might end up being very good, but many of their fans are putting the cart way ahead of the horse.
"Haha look at the sinking ship in Happy Valley! Graduating seniors are transferring because there are younger, very talented players displacing them now that Penn State can field full scholarship numbers and has had a few good recruiting classes lately. What a mess!"
I root for Big Ten rivals in Bowl games, but I'd never root for Pitt. Their blow up against Houston was pretty excellent while still at work with a Pitt grad.
From what I heard about the nightlife of Superstar and French Canadian Dream, Max Talbot, that first one is pretty likely.
I laughed pretty hard the first time I heard that, especially because the announcer says it in such a response-sounding way. "There is one minute remaining in the period."
I've posted this before. The Las Vegas [Aces High.](http://www.aereo.jor.br/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/aces-high.jpg)
I'm also a Pens fan that has a soft spot for the Coyotes. A friend in college brought up following them a little and it just stuck. It doesn't help that I have a jersey problem with buying too many, but it helps that I try to find older ones on eBay. Just be patient and you can find a nice one on there for $40 or $50.
I think Hartnell is that perfect example of a guy you straight up hate if he is playing against you, but I think if they Penguins acquired him, he'd soon be a fan favorite. (Not that I'm advocating for that, he doesn't fit the system they're playing right now whatsoever.)
Shocked. Shocked, I tell you.
HYPE TRAIN BABY. Those away jerseys are incredible too.
Terribly kept secret, obviously, but it makes a lot more sense to go back to crowd-favorite throwbacks for the 50th anniversary than the 49th. Adding that 4th Cup doesn't hurt.
They might not even have an alternate at first. Let everyone buy these ones up and then hit them with a cool alternate. I have a diagonal Pittsburgh Lemieux jersey, so I'm torn; I love it and want them to wear them, but it's a little more rare and then everyone will have one. Also, I really like the Red/White/Blue for the Caps, but for the love of God, why do they not use the W Eagle more? It's an incredible logo. It has an Eagle for the Mascot, a W for Washington, and the actual Capitol building in the negative space. It's too well thought out to not be on the front of the jerseys, passed over for simple text with an "L" hockey stick.
Pretttty, pretttty, pretttty good.
Incredible. Thanks.
Independence Day came out last night! Also seconding Suicide Squad.
I don't think they're planning on firing him if they just gave all of his assistants new multi-year guaranteed contracts.
I think you had the order of the sentence all reversed.
We don't speak that name.
If you guys ever manage to beat us, come let me know.
I'll write a letter.
Penn State went for it quite a bit with Bill O'Brien, mostly because their special teams were bad and they really had nothing to lose in terms of bowl eligibility. I used to joke that O'Brien said "Last game of the year, Dan, can't hold anything back." before every game. They had pretty awesome success with it, including a 4th and 6 from the 41 that became a 41 yard TD pass to Jesse James that was the big turning point in upsetting Wisconsin during the final game of the season.
Simulation of a tailgate: You're not a Pitt fan? Great...come on over. "You can have any beer you want, as long as it's a Corona."
Actually having a scholarship kicker and a scholarship punter is an underrated wrinkle to this season.
Front page of /r/all
In all seriousness, we do have a pretty big combined Penn State / Pitt tailgate in the works for September. Should be a good time.
No one likes the tuna here.
I didn't know it was to Alabama yet. I've been to the brewery a handful of times and it's pretty great. The first time I was there, this man in a plaid shirt was shoveling shale in the courtyard, and the tour guide says, "Oh, there's Dick Yuengling, the owner."
It's probably been 2 years now that you bring it up, but Malkin got called for it.
I think this will be industry-wide before you know it. It's too hard for these athletic departments to turn down guaranteed money.
I've taken on an affinity for Temple. They had a great season last year and aside from one game that will go unmentioned, I really enjoyed watching them play. It hurts to say nice things about a team from Philadelphia.
Citrus Bowl vs. Ole Miss? Sign me up.
Highly appropriate.
Can you guys wear the powder blue helmets?
This is the /u/dkviper11 stamp of approval.
Penn State grad and hockey ticket holder here. The stadium needs pretty significant improvement before it could host an NHL game. The school has big plans to use the stadium for hockey/soccer/concert events once it has been updated. They're currently in the middle of a complete athletic facilities review with the company Populous that will almost certainly lead to the kind of renovations that would be necessary to host a Winter Classic style game. Believe me, there aren't many that would be more excited about it than me.
There are those, and to generalize, I would say they are older folks, that always think the Big Ten is against Penn State. Those are the people that bring up the ACC talk. If the Big Ten had it out for Penn State, they would have kicked them out in 2011 or 2012.
I think negative recruiting happens with every school, and that this comment Franklin made in a sit down with a reporter is not congruent with a headline like this, like he called a press conference to put this out there.
No, and I don't think they should have done that, but I think that that kind of showing was small potatoes after a few years where the athletic department felt that it's was punished in an unfair process, a feeling that it seems would have been shared by the court system. I think that was also a byproduct of the new AD trying to make herself look good to the alumni base. It wasn't a good look and I think if you asked her, she would have thought longer about a public display like that.
That's rough. He probably would have had a ton of success with us that year. We had a stellar offensive line. I'm down in Fairfax now. Looking forward to my first game at FedEx field coming up this fall.
Penn State @ Pitt September 10th and I can't wait. I want it to be nasty, and I don't think I'll be let down. Pitt should have a pretty good team this year; it will be a big challenge for Penn State's D line to play well after losing 3 guys to the NFL. Hopefully the new Joe Moorhead-led offense will be explosive enough to get ahead early. Last year, Pitt struggled to contain teams in the first half and had great adjustments after halftime, although often too late. We went to far as to get Pitt season tickets last year so we'd have great seats. A close family friend and ND fan went to the sold out ND game last year at a significant cost savings. The rest of the tickets were donated or given to Pitt family members. The plan for this year is to do the same. I'm still shocked at how good our seats are. I know a good many Penn State fans have gone with the same plan or gotten mini-plans to get tickets, but I think the majority of those will be in the grandstands.
New Year. New Croot!
You guys are the best 💙💙💙
I agree with this 90%... But to play Devil's advocate, Penn State also had an additional win (so equal wins to Ohio State) that was earned based on merit; earned specifically by beating the other team in this discussion.
Noter Dame. Heh.
That's why I think a lot of people aren't disappointed. Penn State was unranked entering the season and are 5 now. House Money.
Not sure if you follow hockey, but my favorite player for years and years was Pascal Dupuis of the Penguins. He wrote 2 stories with The Player's Tribune during and after battling and then retiring due to blood clot issues. I can't get through them without tearing up.
Penn State has become the flagship of child protection processes and has been lauded as so by agencies that deal in those matters.
Well, that's not wonderful for the rest of the Big Ten. "Now witness the firepower of this fully ARMED and OPERATIONAL battle station!" We're gonna need Cabina to be be Han and take down the shield so that Saquon can get inside and take out the reactor.
"Pride comes before the fall" - Your coach on Christmas Day.
Well, I think the last time I can remember using it in a sports application, Sidney Crosby took a slapshot to the jaw and it derailed the Penguins season.
It usually isn't a fan vote. It was that one year for the game that ended up being noon because I think the school would have preferred an earlier game in the season. I'm sure the Whiteout will be Michigan, and the new "Stripe-Out" will be Pitt, but I wish it was the other way around.
But cool moustaches...
My Pitt tickets for this year were like that. Split up so it makes the lower ticket easier to sell.
I live down here now. All my coworkers will think I've turned heel.
:( There were no responses when I started my comment but you definitely beat me.
Should... should we tell him that Clemson is decent at football?
The wedge that will ultimately divide the Penn State fanbase.
This was posted a week ago. https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/5kmlzq/recruits_dad_to_urban_meyer_dont_recruit_my_son/
I'm not sure if they participated in the Cal project. I've seen some of their work come to great success. The common link I was referring to was that Sandy Barbour was the Cal AD at the time of the Memorial Stadium renovation and is now the AD at Penn State.
I believe they did the Texas A&amp;M renovations and anecdotaly, I think people are really happy with it. Penn State's football stadium is a great bowl seat area to watch games, but the guts need tons of work. The concession and restroom areas are massively outdated and all can be cleaned up. Populous is actually doing a plan for all the athletic venues. The bball arena is cavernous and terrible for basketball, for example.
I think he just wants pain for the Penguins fanbase. I get it.
We just only drank with our fellow fans so it wasn't too bad.
You should follow Pitt (in D2). They have sweet jerseys and are doing well. Also, find yourself a fabulously wealthy alumnus to donate the ability to move to D1... and then join the B1G as an associate member for hockey.
PITT FANS VERY PROUD OF 2 GAME WINNING STREAK IN FOOTBALL THAT CAME AFTER 7 GAME LOSING STREAK.
I sound like a broken record, but these guys cannot get enough credit. They came in when the times were the worst, expecting nothing, but left Penn State a much better program than when they found it. On the field performances, no matter how spectacular, are the second thing I think of when I think of this group of players.
He's very special. The Rose Bowl was an excellent swan song, but he was a ridiculous player all season.
Because Wisconsin didn't also join the Big Ten hockey conference based on an agreement they all made. It didn't matter if Iraq was the 6th, as soon as there was a 6 it triggered a clause.
Lots of guys are. If you're gonna be a potential high pick though, you gotta go get your money. I think we'll be fine.
Larry Fitzgerald is a graduate of the University of Phoenix. /s
And that's how the win streak dies... with thunderous applause.
"Kill all the golfers" &amp;nbsp; I want you to kill every gopher on the course! Check me if I'm wrong Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers, they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key... Gophers, ya great git! Not golfers! The little brown furry rodents! We can do that... we don't even have to have a reason.
THE BEST DAY OF CLASS EVER IS PENGUINS STILL IN THE PLAYOFFS BUT THE FLYERS ARE OUT SO EVERYONE HAS MOVED ON TO PHILLIES GEAR.
Stuck in this conundrum where I can't decide who to root for. I have typically rooted for the Penguins, and would love them to be rolling high into Heinz Field next year to start the season, however, I work with a good many JMU guys and we always were treated like royalty (heh) by the Dukes when we were at archery tournaments hosted there. May the best team win!
Well, both of the hits he delivered were within the context of the play, and then both times guys were ejected for hitting him, they were way after the play, one on a touchback and one on a kick out of bounds. Hit him however hard you want, but do it within the rules and I have no problem with it.
That USA Canada Gold Medal World Juniors game last night was unreal.
That place is/was a Mecca for collegiate archery.
Usually, the Superbowl MVP comes from the winning team, so I'm OK with this.
They've been special, to say the least. Metro division is incredible.
[You should read this thread.](https://twitter.com/MikeDarnay/status/817352636840214529)
I agree. That 5v5 was spectacular and I wish it could have continued.
Let's be consistent here. It is ENTIRELY possible he knew in 1976. However, those same insurance claims also state that Greg Schiano (now at Ohio State), and Tom Bradley (now at UCLA) also were aware, yet I see no public outcry for their firing. The documents also state that GA Kevin O'dea witnessed inappropriate contact from Sandusky is 1988, even though he was employed at UVA at the time, not joining Penn State until 1991. Those insurance filings were not met with any sort of cross examination, to my knowledge, which makes them dissimilar from most court proceedings. Edit: Comment by a guy with an Arizona flair saying almost exactly this [below](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/5ml4ei/penn_state_abuse_scandal_costs_approach_a/dc4hmd1) at a +9 score. Mine with a negative score. "Do not Downvote based on flair." ok.
Dukes!
Made me think of the back to back Joey Porter sacks on Manning in the playoffs in 2005.
[Hell yes.](http://giant.gfycat.com/CookedInfatuatedHeron.gif)
He and Cabinda are the leadership rocks of the defense. Let's freaking go.
[Me](https://twitter.com/ooFUTURISTICoo/status/795096357807726592)
Not a buckeyes fan but I remember people saying that that Buckeye Guy really thinks highly of himself like a celebrity and that he donates signed pictures of himself to be used at silent auctions, etc.
Favorite CBJ jersey by a mile. I am sad they're phasing out the Cap logo, though.
A&amp;M has a cootin' advantage being west of the Mississippi, where recurve archery is much more prevalent, in accordance with the Olympic training center, and therefore much more likely to be able to field a complete team eligible for the overall championship. Many Eastern teams can field compound teams, but struggle to find enough recurve shooters.
Anecdotal, but I think so. 8/10 shooters on our team or the other two Pennsylvania teams were hunters first and picked up target archery. I don't think the number would be that high if you look at Olympic style recurve shooters.... Then once you get into traditional recurve there are a good many hunters again.
I don't know how much a win over an FCS team will move the needle, even though they are the FCS runners up.
I thought we'd be on about the same plane as the year before, still maybe a year or two from making a jump. Ended up being early. Really happy with a house money type year.
It was a really good game and I'm excited for round 2.
Penn State exceeded anyone's expectations. People that are disappointed should take a step back.
Wanna rule the ~~galaxy~~ B1G East as father and son? No room for Michigan.
The line started to show cracks at the end of the season with injuries. He oftentimes took advantage of the pocket collapsing to step up and make a throw he might not have had the arm strength for from the pocket.
Change it back!
["The choice of a new generation. Also please recycle."](http://news.psu.edu/sites/default/files/styles/photo_gallery_large/public/sustainabilityphoto1.jpg?itok=m7WmaV4x)
[Yay!](http://giant.gfycat.com/CookedInfatuatedHeron.gif)
I'm hoping they can get that extension lined up soon.
Yes
You made this? I made this.
I could give him lessons.
I was bummed he didn't score that TD in the bowl game. Would have been a defining moment for him. As soon as Aston fell down, I thought, well here it is, a highlight touchdown for Conner... and then after I felt bad thinking about how I basically thought the same thing when Jerome Bettis was set-up to seal the playoff game against the Colts in 2005 and fumbled. Both times, I assumed an easy touchdown, and both times I was sadly mistaken.
I'm really not on board with anyone who looks down on O'Brien. He's exactly what Penn State needed for exactly as long as they needed him.
He's still slightly "a risk" for the draft, but some team is going to straight up steal him. I'd prefer a team I like than a team I hate. (Shudders thinking of him in Baltimore)
This would fit excellently in a situation where towards the end of the year, some positions are thin from injuries and then can backfilled with Freshmen that have had almost a year in the program.
I don't think their fans see us as a rival, but Penn State has bested Ohio State more times than any other Big Ten foe since the turn of the millennium. (5 times compared to 2 for Michigan) Additionally, the last 3 times Penn State has won the division or conference, they did so via a head to head win over Ohio State as the tiebreaker. Edit: To be clear. I'm not lobbying for or against rivalry status. Just presenting details.
It's not a rivalry when one team has literally never won.
Burn.
Marcus Allen is up there too. Dude is never not loving life and makes it very obvious.
Battle 2 in the Penn State Pitt renewal.
It lead to such a good tradition. The guarding of the Lion Shrine by the ROTC students and tons of fans all Homecoming weekend is pretty awesome.
I thought about renewing my Pitt tickets to go to this one... until I looked at the date. I bet I'd be in deep shit if I miss my own wedding to go to a game between two teams I'm not a fan of.
I'M GOING TO HECKLE THE MICHIGAN STATE HOCKEY PLAYERS AND THEIR PARENTS FROM MY SEATS THIS WEEKEND AT THE SLIDEY DISC GAME. THEY HAVE NICE JERSEYS, AT LEAST.
Can confirm.
ODU specifically is a program with so much potential in front of it. Newly added D1 in an area that produced a ridiculous level of talent. The rise is the best part. You can be there from the ground and watch the team get to whatever lofty heights they wish to attain.
Yes. I've never watched as little NFL as I did this year. I still like my team, but didn't really turn on MNF or TNF like I would have in previous years. College&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
B1G problem.
The Hollywood Henderson remark was a PERFECT dart. Just enough of a shot, while not getting in a big shouting match.
Speculation only: There has been a good bit of talk about the cop having a not so savory record. Additionally, I feel like this is par for the course even outside this case. Bring up 4 or 5 charges. Only go ahead with the real ones once evidence has been combed through.
I was listening to the press conference and the entire press pool laughed pretty loudly.
I've seen a few people post that these Bros are Temple fans and were at the Temple game last year wearing the same shirts. I don't have any evidence of this, but people seemed to be in agreement and the fact that they were at 2 temple games fits that narrative.
I've seen more than one post from people bowing to the truth and discarding NFL for CFB. We shall welcome them with open arms.
Tim Curley "wins" this conversation.
It's a regional moniker for an animal that existed in said region.
That game will be reflected in the next poll. Is it really that big of a deal?
You guys gonna do the Whiteout?
as is tradition
Just a 30 minute recap of the greatest victory in the series.
He'll just try his best to get Northwestern in.
Isn't mad at any other conference that expanded... Is mad at the one conference that thought that changing their pretty strong branding was a bad idea.
The new Big Ten hockey conference (Gasp, ruining college hockey) does this point system with one difference; the points aren't split into 2/1 until the shootout. It's been pretty good so far, albeit in limited use. &amp;nbsp; Regulation Win - 3 points Overtime Win - 3 points Overtime/Regulation Loss - 0 points Shootout win - 2 points Shootout loss - 1 point
This one is more serious and tinfoil hat laden, but I always wonder if we'll ever find out what happened to Ray Gricar and/or if his disappearance is related to the Sandusky scandal. He could be buried in someone's backyard or living in Zihuatanejo with Andy and Red. For those who don't know: Ray Gricar was the DA in Centre County, where Penn State resides and basically went missing in 2005. His car was found near the Susquehanna River, his laptop in the river, and the hard drive recovered a little while later on the banks of the river. He has never been seen since and was legally declared dead in 2011.
Absolutely.
If he was a mobster, you'd think he would just have the child molester wacked, especially since he apparently didn't get along with him.
His browser history showed searches related to "how to destroy a hard drive" etc.
Per Wikipedia, those were from his home computer. Also I'll correct my a above post. The group that recovered data from the Columbia disaster, not Challenger, was unable to pull data from his laptop hard drive that was found in the river. Edit: Sp
No worries. I learned a lot more yesterday that I had previously known; what a rabbit hole to fall down.
Pre-B1G, yes.
Finally it's hitting a consistent spot. Have good starters returning and talented young guys coming in. They lost a few guys to injuries late in the season, and it was probably a tough decision not to burn any redshirts. I think they'll be OK, plus McSorely's mobility mitigates OL deficiencies a little bit. Did you see the proposed ruling change that would allow players to play up to 4 games in a year and still be considered a redshirt season (Still 5 years to use 4 years of eligibility)? It would have been a perfect situation this year to get guys in to fill injury holes while still not eating a year of eligibility.
It fits nicely for a player that is not field ready in their freshman season opener, but with the benefit of a partial season's worth of experience/strength and conditioning by the time the end of the season rolls around.
But Maryland.
wut
Eaux Canada.
It should be an exciting game.
Like 2026 near future?
You can say whatever you want. I think I mostly use "they," but also think it's more common to hear "we" from the college fanbase opposed to the NFL, because many people identify themselves along the line of their school. But really, do whatever. This is America. What I can't stand, however, is people that get all upity when someone uses "we," saying "you don't play for the team. You didn't catch a ball." It's supposed to be fun to root for your team and those downer people are fun killers. Edit: How can I forget the galvanizing cheer of "WE ARE" my team uses?
Very well said.
They've been killing it with Florida recruiting.
Let's get down to business.... To defeat ~~the Huns~~ Alabama.
My page must not have loaded properly; I didn't see your original answers. Cal has been stellar, but with Pitt, I think I may have regional bias. It seems like they have a ton of players in the league that play well, players that maybe didn't get a lot of credit on lackluster college teams.
That's very cool.
The Curve did a series the one summer where they wore very well done jerseys of all the runner up team ideas on home Wednesdays. My favorite was the "Lake Monsters" named for the man-made lake that curls around the next door amusement park.
You need to put it on your list, for sure. My seats (and every seat) there are good enough that it's hard to go back to sitting in the regular people seats for nhl games.
I don't think Penn State would have won a potential playoff game, but just to your Vegas comment, Penn State beat the spread something like 9 of 10 weeks to end the season.
I believe this article was written in response to the already healthy reddit meme of this rivalry.
Yeah. That has 0 to do with the Las Vegas spread.
They were continuously underrated. That's why they did better against the spread than Vegas thought. Nearly every week they did better than expected. That's what underrated means.
He scored 3 goals against Rutgers and Bill Belichick's son in 2009.
Way.
:) Just trying to help.
Sounds like my morning. Tracked mud in when I went out to my fiancee's car to get my coffee mug. Cleaned it, but not well. I'm in for a chewing out. Dumb Steelers ruining my day.
I wish they gave it to 2 players: the best offensive player and best defensive player. You basically have to have a once in a generation season as a defensive player to win.
Not too bad of a drop after being unable to solve Christian Frey.
I'd like to tell y'all about this guy named Chris Hogan. He played LACROSSE at Penn State, believe it or not.
Throw out the record books.
That was my main assumption. Dude's incredible.
Enjoy it for the next few months ;)
Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis? There's also a University of Maryland University College. And also a Allegheny College of Maryland campus in Pennsylvania.
Northwestern. I have huge respect for Pat Fitzgerald and used to want him as our coach. Always a pipe dream though because he literally is Northwestern. Best coach ever and arguably one of their most important players ever.
Yes. The long story short answer was that we were allowed to keep it because specifics of an animal like an eye were not eligible for direct copyright.
Eh, technicalities. I have a friend that claims Joe Flacco for Pitt when he's 1/4 passing all time. Edit: Plus, going into the game Hogan playing Lacrosse at Penn State was a trivia fact I knew, but the announcers mentioned it 28 times so it really turned the screw of pain all night.
Excuses are unnecessary for the winning team. It's ultra unfortunate that Conner, Peterman, et al. were injured, and I was very sad to see it, but the tying touchdown was a perfect throw and drop away from being on the scoreboard.
Sorry, for clarity, obviously DiNucci's 2 picks were unfortunate, but down 7 (IIRC), he threw an absolutely perfect pass to Scott Orndoff in the end zone that Orndoff was unable to reel in. Would have tied the game. I was mostly impressed with his performance, although I know that could be has last meaningful snap due to Browne and MacVittie in front of him. Also, being perfectly honest, I thought Pitt had a good season and probably deserved a better bowl than the Pinstripe. ACC selections are odd. I think they would have beaten WVU given the chance. All the above stuff is just offseason trash talk.
I prefer them 100x to NFL only fans.
Not buying tickets is the most powerful move most fans have. It shows their dissent and can often force the Athletic Department to make a move.
College team success by a mile. NFL success of alumni is a huge bonus, and arguably can help recruiting, all with the potential forward success of the college team.
D1 sport your coach would excel at (Football excluded!)
Ocean's 14 trailer during the Superbowl.
The slam dunk of answers.
I like Dana Holgorsen quite a bit, but someone either needs to get him a hat with a top on it, or a good haircut. He looks like Bill Murray in Kingpin sometimes when he's fired up.
Where will we get our endless stream of slightly old man creepy comments about the people in the crowd?
Slidey disc, pls
Anecdotal, but I talked to a former Rutgers club hockey player at my gym last year and he indicated that there was large interest.
Same reason as umbrellas. It gets in the way of the seats behind you.
MAX BROWNE IS GOING TO DO HIS BEST JOE FLACCO IMPERSONATION. HE'LL BE 1/4 PASSING AND THEN TRANSFER TO DELAWARE.
Lightning round!
I like turtles.
You guys can go 11-1 as long as we get to keep that beautiful trophy.
Yeah I thought this was a cool idea.
I bet the end result of the money is worth it to the ADs.
In that end.
I've told my buddy that lives in Columbus that I'd come to the Ohio State game 2 times in a row, but had hockey series in the way. Maybe 3rd time is a charm?
Are you also calling for the jobs/prosecution of UCLA assistant Tom Bradley, and Ohio State assistant Greg Schiano, both also named in the insurance filings?
Temple also won their conference last season! 2/3 ain't bad.
Are you new to Twitter? People retweeted a tweet from Piers Morgan for years that said "I want to die."
The first mistake was thinking I had a choice.
I would think the two teams that have won the Big Ten in the past 2 years would be more relevant to the conference race than the team that finished 3rd in the East Division in consecutive years.
No one to replace the sheer ability to catch lost hope balls like Godwin, but the talent behind him is strong. Saeed Blacknall had a stellar game in Indianapolis against a strong Wisconsin defense before being suspended for the Rose Bowl. Juwan Johnson is the media darling to have a breakout season, as well.
They're certainly a larger threat to Ohio State than Michigan is.
The next time Michigan beats Ohio State and wins the conference, my argument dissolves. Until then, I just can't understand how Michigan fans can't admit that Michigan is behind Ohio State (clear #1), Wisconsin/Michigan State (2 or 3) and Penn State (4) in the conference, as we sit today. Iowa has also made the conference title game very recently.
Michigan's loss created a tie between Ohio State and Penn State for the division title, a tie that Penn State won via head to head results. You are assigning more weight to Michigan Ohio State than Penn State Ohio State because of the week the game was played.
Apologies. Yay Michigan State!
Because Michigan hasn't won a conference title recently and all those other teams have.
I guess Michigan stumbling mightily down the stretch is decidedly unlucky in your book, then?
Do they give out trophies for having a 2 game advantage in conference records over a span? Because they do give out conference title trophies.
When you have lots of money, you appeal, appeal, appeal. They did manage to get most of their charges dropped through this tactic.
Jay Paterno is gonna end up getting put on a ticket by the DNC at some point, so the BOT selection is small potatoes. Edit: I am not advocating for this nor did I vote for him. What is true though is that the DNC has canvassed multiple times garnering interest on if he had his name on a ticket.
Hockey on the radio is a delight.
One of those teams took a hard stumble down the stretch. Not ideal, IMO.
They were all guilty.
The game that set college football back ten years. I watched the entirety at a kids birthday party at and ice rink. Just me and the parents watching a train wreck.
I actually really like the Maryland pride ones. I do think it looks way better on a white jersey than a red one though.
I like that one too. I do like the recent additions of the logo at the V neck and the conference logo. &amp;nbsp; I had an Alabama fan tell me that Penn State's uniforms were "The Tuxedo of college uniforms" and I took that as a great compliment.
Agreed 100%. I don't love the colors for the regular uniforms, especially the Vegas gold, but it isn't awful awful. I do, however, think that the numbers on them are pretty bad. I know they're supposed to represent the Cathedral of Learning, but they're still not very sharp. Edit: [Relevant clip from timeless classic, Big, starring Tom Hanks. "What's fun about playing with a building?"](https://youtu.be/3ERuhks3GNk?t=66)
The antics in Nashville are almost identical to what the student section does for my college team. They didn't make up any of the chants/cheers, but that doesn't make it any less fun. They are crazy, loud, boisterous and a little insulting. I love every bit of it.
I bet there's some sort of guideline from Nike for how long a team has to keep a new redesign once unveiled. Those Navy ones are still technically new.
My heart, also, is a game time decision.
Probably, which I find unfortunate.
The coverup and then unveiling of pedophilia within the Catholic churches in the Boston area.
Unintended if that's how you read it. I think the consensus is that the movie is pretty true to form.
Extra drama/action/comedy added in for the sake of making the movie "good."
It wasn't terrible... But it was very incomplete, IMO. Plus that kid on it was a jag. They took one kid and had him speak for the entire community.
Haha no nothing so exact. I have a special bottle for wins though that's waiting. We've had pours out of it at my cousin's wedding, I had one last year when the Pens won. I had a pour of the same one (at a bar, not my bottle) a little bit before I proposed.
This is a bad attempt. You tried.
Manhattans for me.
The atmosphere in Nashville has been incredible. What I can't understand is why reporters etc are so quick to dismiss crowd influence in hockey, but the idea of a crowd being a game changer in college football is talked about with such reverence.
Can we please, for the love of God, stop linking this shit article?
I'm good with actually laughing about this article itself. I do, however, hate this perception from the Pitt fans where they say "I thought we weren't even your rivals?" when anyone discusses the real rivalry that lots of people do care about.
They did that again this year. I don't see a huge problem with it, to be honest. If a visiting fan wants a ticket, they'll get one. We go to the Penguins games in Washington pretty often and they could really benefit from this. The "Pens shoot twice" side of the upper bowl gets pretty overrun by Penguins fans.
With any luck.
Bye week. Bye week. Bye week. I also assumed (incorrectly) that Georgia State would be a nooner.
Send tapes of your dance moves. We have a high bar.
Tries to creatively shoehorn Narduzzi's name into BOOMER SOONER...
Yep!
Waaaaaaaay too early to tell but he's making some potential high reward moves. He's also saving the team a damned fortune by having the Datsyuk and (done this year, I think) Pronger contracts on the book. He got picks from teams to take their contracts they didn't want, while those contracts count towards the salary floor. Hypothetically a brilliant move for a rebuilding team.
That is the name of their farm team.
The Beaver Stadium renovation is part of a 20 year master an from the firm Populous, which is well respected for their designs. Barbour also made a point to mention that any projects would only get built as necessary. The Beaver Stadium estimations for cost aren't totally out of line with what the renovations cost at A&amp;M a few years ago, again, spearheaded by Populous.
My life every day, man.
I got my phone call yesterday. First win ever.
I didn't get an email at all, but got a call on my single barrel yesterday.
Haha not ours yet, but soon.
I don't see in any way that fits in with "no repercussions." There were repercussions.
You're the only guy on this page arguing with strangers over the legacy of a dead man. I couldn't care less.
I'm personally a big fan of the idea where Michigan is allowed to have 2 giant rivals in Ohio State and Michigan State, but the idea of their main rival have an organically grown secondary rivalry out of some really tough battles the last 15 years is just straight blasphemy.
Would have been nice to experience. It's usually my answer for the "What sporting event would you go back in time to watch?" question, only second to the Miracle on Ice.
Imagine an alternate universe where conference realignment doesn't break up the last-week-of-the-season rivalry games? Pitt beating Penn State when they're flying high in week 12 would have been soul crushing.
That's because I'm not smart because I stayed up late watching hockey. Fixed!
They did this for college a little bit this year. I remember seeing that Notre Dame was drawing something like 13 penalties a game early in the season. It does not bode well when you're playing them and spending half the game on the PK.
I've seen them previously on lists hypothesizing what market would best handle a team. There are 0 professional sports teams in the state of Virginia. Heavy Redskins/Caps/Nationals/Orioles/Wizards in the North. People from the South and East often like the Panthers and Canes.
Minnesota, where Jake's dad is an assistant.
Give me prime LaVar Arrington in that discussion too! Mad at Illinois Michael Mauti is a man's man.
It wouldn't be big enough for Pitt, but Highmark Stadium can be expanded. "Although the original seating capacity is 3,400 plus 15 suites for 12 people and approximately 400 Standing-room only places, the stadium is expandable vertically on three sides in excess of 18,000 fans, the average attendance of Major League Soccer, making the stadium capable of housing the Riverhounds as they seek to join MLS within a decade." [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Highmark_Stadium#Expansion)
I just don't see any scenario where the city gets on board with Pitt taking up scare real estate in Oakland for a building that gets limited use, when they already fight UPMC on expansion due to their level of tax exemption. The city wants tax revenue from that area.
I bet he could toss it over them mountains.
Any time there is a 5 on 3, one buddy and I have a quick text convo. We have this running joke that if a team can't score 5 on 3, the game should end and the team that killed it off automatically wins.
Well, yeah. That's how you get clicks.
People discount anything to do with that game because it was San Diego State, neglecting that they went 11-3 and won the Mountain West.
I've seen these being sold at flea markets between $5 and $10.
Almost always just a home jersey. I got a size too big #2 freshman year, 11 years ago (!!!) now for Derrick Williams and it's the cold day jersey. Now it's Marcus Allen, one of my favorite players. More fitted ones for when it's warm.
Mostly we talk about full or extended 5 on 3s. The 30 seconds or so the other night wouldn't typically count. I did text him to say our theory holds though.
I love Marc Andre Fleury.
There was a quote from him about being mad about being healthy scratched, but I think it was gamesmanship.
I hate, but also love Hartnell. He's the perfect heel and knows how to "play the game" when it comes to being the heel. If he was a Penguin, he'd be a fan favorite.
They're effectively "done" with the Reebok ones. Adidas ones to be unveiled Wednesday.
It's hypothetically a great time to buy Reebok jerseys, tons are on sale, but obviously the team that just won is harder to get.
I agree. I just had this fear creep into my head.
I would absolutely love this, but I won't get my hopes up. I think they slowly release Pink and Black jerseys for other sports until people get used to it, with football being last because it will be most shocking. They've done basketball in recent years, and wrestling wore them this past season. Hockey next, please.
BOOOOOOOO
Dipping their toe in the water instead of jumping in. I like them.
Maybe they will for this year.
The key is buying popular numbers... But, what timing. Penn State just unveiled throwbacks with white trim on the sleeves.
I've seen enough adults shoving their way through a crowd and being selfish looking for things to sell.
The new premium stores are pretty nice.
I really hope they keep the college pipeline going. It's a huge advantage to a good team to get late bloomers as UFAs out of college.
I feel like November 8, 2011 wasn't fantastic.
My long standing habit of hating on New Jersey just now has a real face, and that is the face of a Scarlet Knight.
They're the 6th team, allowing to conference champion to get an auto bid.
I'm not devaluing our team whatsoever, but I viewed Notre Dame as having a goaltending edge that no other Big Ten team had. Not anymore. Now, their projected goaltender has one period of experience. Open race.
My Coyotes secondary Fandom is either gonna be gone or 3rd the second Flower is a Knight.
My Coyotes secondary Fandom is either gonna be gone or 3rd the second Flower is a Knight.
My Coyotes secondary Fandom is either gonna be gone or 3rd the second Flower is a Knight.
My Coyotes secondary Fandom is either gonna be gone or 3rd the second Flower is a Knight.
The father of this little girl is a radio guy in town. He has done a good job not drawing attention to himself as best as possible with this. His on air persona is pretty gruff and abrasive, but when that character of his breaks and you can hear the real man on the inside talk about his daughter and how the city of Pittsburgh has risen up to support her, it really is so moving. A+ to the Penguins for this.
Very much so.
We were in Houston for a college archery tournament the day he died, and drove pretty close to the hospital. There was always a ton of his music on whenever we traveled to get us pumped up, but that week, it was all Dio.
Seems pretty selfless to stand his ground. Yes, he could benefit, but he's also putting himself at risk for the possibility of benefiting future players. Good on him.
He was traded to Ottawa in the Phaneuf deal.
Yeah, why play an away preseason game in a top college venue in the country? Rats.
When I say Land Grant Trophy, the greatness is implied!
I wouldn't doubt that being at least a piece of it but I've heard from someone in facilities that communicated some of the physical barriers.
There are more flyers fans, but the Penguins fans get to wear their gear much longer.
The BTN Plus stuff drives me crazy (hockey mostly), but what they do show on the regular subscription is pretty solid.
That is not awesome. Sorry man. I need to be more proactive in warning people about pucks in my college seats when they use my tickets. They're right above the face-off circle, so there aren't a ton of pucks, but when they come, they're usually moving. I had sent a text to my friend this season maybe 5 minutes before one came in and was a row low, or could have hit her son.
The game was fine. Winter Classic magician Eric Fehr scored. Losing our best player for a very long time wasn't wonderful.
Adidas sucks ass when it comes to college football jerseys. If we expected better, it's our own fault.
They're the only new ones that are good. Why would they take the beautiful Minnesota greens from us? Edit: Apologies for my stroke. I was enraged at the loss of the Minnesota alternates. (voice to text is not your friend)
It's over now!
Now the "I'm having a stroke!" ad council commercials are stuck in my head.
I'm aware. The Big Ten has shootouts. Non conference teams even often do an exhibition shootout after OT that doesn't count. Why not just have it count.
They're like kissing your sister.
I loved the stadium series black jerseys this year.
Why? A tie accomplishes nothing. I don't care if the captains go to center ice and arm wrestle or play rock paper scissors to break the tie. Have a winner and a loser.
I am whelmed.
2 of his 3 forever saves are against Alex Ovechkin.
Just the whole day. Tailgating early, making breakfast, tailgating games, carefree morning drinking, seeing old friends, walking up to the stadium, seeing the Blue Band and the Drum Major's flips, the Nittany Lion doing push-ups. &amp;nbsp; My dad only really watches the Steelers. He isn't super interested in college football or baseball or anything. I couldn't tell you the last time he went to a Steelers game, always referencing to me the quality of the at-home experience in comparison to going to an NFL game. I can always get him to go to a day at Penn State with me, and he probably only wants them to win so that I'm happy.
And NYC folks hate New Jersey
I agree with Fowler and Herbstreit. Their excellence was on display during the Penn State Ohio State game this past season. I give Herbstreit a ton of credit for trying to remain neutral on Ohio State, so much so that apparently the Ohio State fanbase gives him a little hell. (Although, I don't appreciate his love for the Blue Jackets!) I think he overall does a very good job. Fowler showed me a lot during the blocked kick and return. Instead of inserting himself into the play with overbearing commentary, there's a brief period where he is silent and lets the stadium reaction come through to do the talking.
I WONDER WHEN THE LAST TIME WAS THAT A SCHOOL HAD 2 WINS OVER TOP 10 TEAMS IN THE SAME SEASON AND STILL SOMEHOW MANAGED TO FINISH UNRANKED. PITT GONNA PITT.
During the 2014 Penn State Ohio State 2OT game, in the first overtime, a Penn State player was penalized for leaping on the PAT attempt by Ohio State. Penn State had scored a touchdown first, then Ohio State second, so the game went to 2OT. Because the teams switch order going into subsequent OTs, Ohio State started their second OT possession on the 10 instead of the 25. The penalty was enforced as it always is, a 15 yard penalty, but almost never does it have significant ramifications in a real game scenario, but it decreased the distance to drive in OT for Ohio State by 60%. Probably happens very infrequently, but I thought the leaping rule didn't quite fit into that scenario.
Thank you. I figured there was probably a good chance that the kickoff came from near the kicking team's end zone, but probably infrequently the other way (or no kickoff in this case).
I appreciate the correction. In your opinion as a ref, is this penalty on a PAT attempt overly punitive in this semi-unique OT case? I don't really have a better solution in mind, just a lingering thought that a relatively small infraction had a disproportionately large effect due to college OT rules.
I'd go smile and wave in front of any group for that kind of paycheck.
I want Penn State to beat Ohio State and Michigan every year, which obviously rarely happens. When Ohio State is the one representing the conference, I'm way on board, but I typically root against Michigan in bowl games, etc.
Ever see the hockey/lacrosse/football hybrid game they play on Batman Beyond?
We were so incredibly lucky to have him for so long. What a human being.
I was out in the field when I heard about him retiring and the explanation. Thank God. I sat in my work truck and cried.
Came to this thread searching for James Madison responses and am now disappointed.
If I'm thinking of the top 3 Fleury saves right off the top of my head, after the dive in front of the President save at the end of SCF Game 7 in Detroit are 2 others: the stop on Ovechkin on the breakaway in Game 7 against the Caps in 09 and the stick shaft save in Game 7 against the Caps this year.
My Idea to Change College Football for the Better: Remove the University of Pittsburgh &amp;nbsp; In reality, I do like your 8 team playoff format. I can't get on board with the evaluation of P5 conferences, though. There is too much fluctuation that can help/hurt a team that typically balances itself out over a large enough sample size.
We actually had a guy pass out at work this morning and we had to call the paramedics because all he had for breakfast was an energy drink!
Nah man. [You should DM him over and over.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/5kak93/newly_committed_5_cb_lamont_wade_calls_out/)
I'm well aware!
I know well of both of those guys, but somehow, they look like literary icons compared to this other guy in Pittsburgh. You'd have to be a Lunatic® to want to pay for his content and dirty diaper takes.
I agree with all of your assessments of the patriarch. I actually wish it wasn't that way though. I like Josh Yohe and there's a girl that used to write for Penn State Hockey that just got hired who I'd like to read, but I just can't give their leader a dime.
I can't believe that Bryce prefers Van Patten's card to mine.
He can get his assigned parking spot at the Steelers facility back!
Probably yes, but also probably not yet. The new jerseys with the Script Pitt and "Cathedral of Learning" numbers just came into rotation last year. I'm sure there is some sort of guideline or rule from Nike that states that Pitt will use them for X years. I did see that the AD, Heather Lyke, said that Pitt will wear the throwbacks twice this year. She's also scheduled to join the afternoon show on the Pitt flagship, 93.7 The Fan at 4:20. http://tunein.com/937thefan
Yeah he did. The "Pretending you just didn't say 'Fuckers' on live TV and trying to play it off as 'Fighters' Bowl."
My man.
That's why OP qualified it being winning your conference AND meeting some sort of win threshold.
Of the things I dislike about the Cathedral of Learning, people calling it "Cathy" is 100% of them.
Non Caps fans wondering the same thing.
Taylor and Katy.
Come join the hated Big Ten conference! Look, we already have an in-state rival for you to play! Edit: Also, Pitt could have a second "City-game" and play Robert Morris in PPG Paints Arena.
\#AskNeal Never Forget.
The article references Hockey East, but the Big Ten currently has an odd number of members (7) and their channel is already available in the Pittsburgh market because of Penn State.
Clap, clap, clap yo hands.
Yeah but no one needs a 19 year old's opinion of a game he's never seen.
The Big Ten owns their hockey conference. Why would the ACC network carry non ACC hockey games?
Thank God. I loved going to that, but Penn State has almost always been playing well late in their non conference schedule before the long Christmas break and then played like total dog shit at the Three Rivers Classic.
Kind of a side note that's slightly relatable to the Pete not being usable for hockey... It's a damned travesty that Robert Morris is spending a fortune on a new basketball arena and not making it usable for hockey. Neville Island isn't exactly Madison Square Garden.
Bobby Mo was my college team before Penn State got a team. I still root for them, except h2h. The games against Penn State have gotten pretty chippy. I do feel for them, though. Brand new basketball arena being built and no consideration for including hockey. I'd also slightly worry that Pitt would be big enough to choke RMU out of some space in the market, but their conference is beneficial to them.
My man.
Women's 3rd Rangers jerseys S-L. Only 2 youth XL Bruins 3rds. Both $14 if anyone wants them picked up. I'll be going back through on Sunday. I also saw 2 XXL Bruins regular jerseys on my way out the door. They're 18, I believe. I'll do the same setup as I've seen here if anyone's interested. They also had toddler sized Bruins jerseys just by chance if anyone was looking.
If something changes by Sunday, let me know.
