My SO and I... Sorry, I, like beeg. There is also tblop.com
When you can just cum without any fears, is great. We're trying to have a kid too and it's WONDERFUL stuff. No worries about "Oh no, the pill, or condom, blah blah".
Her: I, will never tell you no Me: What? Her: If you want sex, I will never tell you no Me: What if it's 2am and you're sick Her: I will never tell you no Wifed her
If she'll say yes to having sex with me? Seriously though, I don't know if there is one thing. I am impressed if a woman has some knowledge in a passion of mine and it's a passion of hers. My wife and I are both really big Final Fantasy fans and we actually met because of that. She is a nerd deep down who likes nerd things.
Why do some cats like it but then you have cats that leave your arm bloody? My wife had to wash our two kittens two days ago and you'd think we were trying to coat them in lava with rabies.
Upvote because Penguins.
Uh, are you fucking retarded? Those are power/phone/etc lines.
You got a what? How long you had that problem? What's your man got to do with me?
Goddamn that's awesome. Love the old school look.
Wow that is AWESOME!
My favorite part is the hands. I can't do hands to save my life.
One of my very favorite characters overall and right now. (Sorry Harley, it's Marvel, not DC) It's nothing like 7ofDiamonds and Co [But i'm trying to get better](http://imgur.com/V2oYhKd)
I'd pay $20/month with current content. I have so many shows on there I want to watch, it's nuts. My current addiction is American Horror Story. Recently burned through My Name is Earl, and going through Cutthroat Kitchen as well. The FoodNetwork and DIY/HGTV shows will probably keep me entertained for another month. Still haven't watched House of Cards season 2 yet, my wife and I burned through Scandal (great show).
The drawing is great and all but the "Vrooom" is what sold it for me.
From what I understood of it as that the kid herself wanted to do it and was told numerous times if she didn't want to do it anymore she could quit any time.
Well, there are some vicious rumors going around, not sure if true but she apparently left the guy she was dating/married to in the show and it was rumored she was dating another guy. Only problem was he was a registered sex offender from 2004. The 10 year old he was convicted of molesting? The moms older daughter.
Fact 1: All of that in the picture is fucking delicious Fact 2: None of that belongs at a fucking BBQ
I went into a restaurant last year (IHOP) and ate very well. Bill comes and I whip out the wallet and... no check card. No cash, nada. Thankfully I was going in there 3 times a week so the owner was like "You can go get your card, it's fine". I'd left it on the desk in my hotel room because I was ordering some stuff online. Forgot to put back in my wallet. Now I just have it memorized.
Is this covering games that were previously purchsed? I kept having issues with The Walking Dead and just never played it again. However it was purchased on 12/31/12
The solo vocal track illustrates a point though. It has the highs of classical, lows of rap, the vocals, the mix of all 3 with Neil Youngs song, the constant sound of low, mid, high and everything in between. Katy Perrys seemed more of a mix of the other genres with the lows of bass, the vocals of Vega, and the high claps but would be of better available quality than Neil Youngs older song.
Isn't most music now done with VBR over CBR? CBR320 would just huge for the sake of being huge.
What's worse is with the smile they'll actually say "Smiles at you".
I love how he tells the story of how cops start whispering to others "This guy is smart". The Judge pretty much backs down because he refused to give him jurisdiction over him.
Did we ever get a follow up on this?
Good Will Hunting is one of those films that I can watch after just having watched it. Cabin in the Woods, this was a movie night movie here and I groaned when it won. I had a streak of movie nights going though so I was like "Screw it, I'll watch" because whatever. I had seen the previews a little and hear it was really good but it looked INCREDIBLY stupid. If you've said the same things to yourself. Watch this movie. This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past 10 years. I was absolutely SHOCKED at how good this movie was and the "horror" genre isn't one I really care for.
In the US, a lot of the time, white. Tomatoes are artificially ripened in the US.
I think that people lose focus on things sometimes. A diet is more than just counting calories. Losing weight and being HEALTHY is more than a simple calories in/calories out situation. 200 calories of Peanut Butter is going to be healthier than 200 calories of something else like Celery or in some instances veggies because it's not about just calories. It's about balance and having nutrients, not just the calories part. Having a spoonful of Peanut Butter can have 200 calories and STILL be healthy. It's a great food to stave off cravings and hunger. Can help your heart, lower risk of gallstones, can even be beneficial for people with diabetes.
I love this subreddit. Seriously. Only here do I see someone wax poetic about something as a sandwich. However, I think we have two schools of thought that ripple through our universal love of all things sandwiched. Much like /u/The_Jims, I am a purist. I do not begrudge someone who would rather eat an open faced sandwich but it is not something I partake in. I feel that the meat, cheese, and your other accouterments are better found between two slices of bread; toasted being my preference. One could argue that in this year of our lord, 2015, We should expand our views on what is and isn't a "sandwich" but I believe that without the steadfast rules that govern our sandwiches, we'll soon have other food stuffs trying to become sandwiches and though Pizza may be delicious, I'll be long dead in my cold cold grave before I ever let it be called a sandwich.
Relax, you need to Brie-th
Holy Foxtrot, Uniform, Charlie, Kilo.
I felt bad that I drew Ms. Marvel and didn't get the chance to share my Favorite [So, here's something Harley'esque. I can't draw people well, still trying](http://i.imgur.com/69QXNEo.jpg)
Speeding can be by accident. Illegal lane change can be by accident. Run a red light can be an accident or even running a stop sign can be an accident. Eating a bowl of cereal or a salad while driving down the road is NOT something you accidentally do. You don't accidentally pick up your phone to make a call or to text. However if you run a stop sign or a stop light on purpose then yeah, I think a harsh punishment should be handed down. Speeding over a certain limit? Hells yeah I think it should be a year minimum unless it's an emergency. Driving while drunk or under the influence of narcotics, you should never see your license again and should be 2 years minimum prison. The person in this picture willingly made themselves distracted by HOLDING A FUCKING BOWL OF CEREAL WHILE DRIVING! If you need to eat, eat then drive. Or drive then eat. Don't do both at the same time.
I missed my opportunity didn't I?
I came in like a wrrrrrrrecking ballll
I blame the parents for this. Who names their kid Cunty McFacerson and not expect to raise an idiot? Seriously.
As an American who has to import his Peanut Butter, it's not all shit just the ones here aren't good. I have my dad send Peanut Butter with care packages pretty regularly. I always get Jiff (you can google it :D) and it's good. I wanted to get some here because /u/enti_san had never tried it and she grabbed some. It was an oil slick nightmare. That's when I said "Screw it" and just ordered some on amazon that my Dad sent.
I worked for a company that did FiOS and that Actiontec was pretty popular and reliable.
I'll out chub ya chubs :D Good to know more will be there! The person I spoke to on Facebook said they were excited about the meetup being at their place since they're fellow Redditors so, do they count as coming to the meetup do you think?
protip: don't try this being a ~~non-celebrity~~ male. Especially bad if you're black.
He was so brave serving that nearly a year in prison for taking another life. Our prayers to him through, what has to be, this emotional and difficult time for him.
Definitely loved Bob Uecker.
Well, I meant, loved as in when I was able to hear him actually broadcast, not "loved" as in dead.
This past season was not that great but I'd not say all recent seasons are bad. One of the funniest parts is actually from 2014 where they do the SuperMarket Sweep in the cars. I saw this come on MBC out of Saudia Arabic (I think) as I was getting ready to get married. I had to stop and watch the episode.
But I consider "Mid 90's" to be at really 94 and it had run 7.5 of it's 11 years already.
I pressed because I had no idea wtf was going on. Was that the social experiments purpose?
People must have misunderstood me since I got downvoted and you got upvotes lol. I knew some dancers in my younger days and they liked doing it. Most couldn't make the cash they were making elsewhere. A girl I dated briefly was a former dancer and she was debating going back. Eventually she did.
Let's be clearer, you have no idea if he's talking shit to him or not. This gif has no audio. Also, this is infront of a door where people just come outside. He wasn't trying to flank him. He was walking forward towards the guy with his hands down which is not a hostile move. He sees his friend get knocked down and just walks in that direction. You sound like one of those keyboard warriors that talk a lot of crap behind the anonymity of a computer screen. My life is in my hands? Come on man, get real. I expect your next reply to just be "U wot m8?".
FoxNews
I'm perfectly chill but everyone keeps mentioning "4 friends" but there is no basis to they were 4 friends. There is no rancor, I just expect people to back up their claims with facts.
Good point but they shouldn't then state opinions as facts.
It just says they're going to reinstate the requirements and goes on to say it's BECAUSE unemployment is lower. I don't understand the second part, it's just explaining what people will have to do to get benefits. I'm not sure about Indiana but in NC you have to continue to work and you have to report any changes in your employment/non-employment. Otherwise you are ineligible to receive any additional benefits. I'm willing to bet that Indiana is probably the same.
Total Annihilation. The first game that seriously got me into PC Gaming and it was wonderful. I was in college at the time it came out and I'd stay up to all hours just playing it online. I'd play anyone of any skill level just to learn. I'm soooo glad Steam wasn't around then to log those hours. Other than that, On Sega Genesis was a game called Herzog Zwei that really got me into the RTS to begin with and fed my love for TA later on.
Riverboat Ron needs to watch out. Now we have Buy-In Braylon and he's betting the house!
to civilize comment sections? As in recognizing and removing inflammatory remarks and such? Doesn't this break the internet?
Maybe he hates you because you're revealing 12 beauty secrets and he's a plastic surgeon?
It's fine. It'll be for a single episode. They won't keep them split up for good because that's just stupid. They are hyping the season premiere just like they have been doing the past few years and "The Simpsons get divorced!" is a great headline to get people to tune in. I see nothing wrong with that.
Sadly, i think most of his shit is made up though. *edit* heh, I knew i'd get downvoted for this. You can downvote me, won't change my opinion of him. Hell, probably all 5 downvotes are his alt accounts.
I don't use anything that as a freshener that casts a shadow.
I won't be voting for Bernie Sanders and here is why. These are the notes I made while watching the video. If you can argue against them, please do so. I ask that you downvote if you feel I added nothing to the discussion not because I disagree. I know Reddit is all Pro Sanders (Just like Pro-Obama) but just read first: Raise salaries - This will be good. You'll have slight inflation but not as much as the amount you get so it would help but it's already in motion to raise minimum wage to $15/hr. Guarantee health care, we have that. You have to be able to pay for it. You can't just give free healthcare to everyone because someone has to foot the bill. Public funded elections won't happen because the people who don't want them to happen control wether it happens or not. We can cut military funding by 38 billion dollars and that's great. We can use it in education but throwing money at education isn't the answer. It needs reform more than it needs money. Free college tuition is nice but for the millions who will take advantage of it, who will pay for it? Racial equality? That's been of a pipe dream, like to see it happen. We're already moving towards relying only on renewable resources.
This dude isn't like a 24 year old wanting to date a 17 year old, he's in his 40's+
Oh, fucking figures. I was shocked that this was so weird that I'd not heard anything about it. So it was because their friends got attacked that NOW it's a problem. That makes sense now, thanks for clearing that up.
But it's a shitty stance because there are people having pictures posted ALL the time who are unaware of it so, fuck them? People take content from other people ALL the time and post it here. Taking other peoples stuff and posting it here, most often than not, without giving credit to the original person, is what Reddit is BUILT on.
Content taken without permission is content taken without permission.
Wow, awesome. Thanks!
Is that seriously a fucking subreddit? Seriously?
Wanna do something else instead? Donate to EFF in honor instead. They need the money.
Holy shit that's a gorgeous dress.
Yeah, I'd been in there a few times and I'm not sure how enforced the rules were but it seemed like it was a tight enough ran ship. You can't keep ALL of a subreddit in the subreddit. However, yeah, it's stupid it was banned. I just think that Reddit is heading down a direction that it'll regret later. People left Digg really quickly once they reached a point they had enough. Reddit keeps it up, they can be next.
Wish I could come but that's 3am my time unfortunately :(
Your comment makes no sense. "It's function exactly as Free Speech". Free Speech means that you can say what you want without consequence. Granted, it only means from the government, but your comment contradicts itself.
"I sued and lost but if you still give me money, i'll stop suing you".
No, see, it's okay. You can make fun of me. I've given permission so you can now do it without harassing me. =)
One of my favorite jokes is from Mike &amp; Molly where Molly is trying to lose weight and her Mom is trying all she can to justify her being overweight. Which, my Mom did too. She told Molly "you're not fat, you just have big bones" and she tells her "Mom, bones don't jiggle".
Yeah, trying to get there now myself, can't get the site up
I always pictured that most were fat themselves and posted stuff for low hanging fruit kinda karma.
yeahhh, I think it's because one guy I think is trying to meet chicks. The only chick that will be there will be my wife (I think) soooo... awkward. That or so they know who to look for? I'm going to have a sign on the table so people know "It's us".
Seize their money. Paypal is famous for this. If you have a personal account and you get too much money in it they can seize it and say it's under investigation for doing business with a personal account. Then their investigation could just be years long and you never see your cash. They're not regulated by banking regulations so there's nothing stopping them from just taking your cash.
They didn't only hate fat people who tried to pretend that being overweight was healthy. They posted pictures of random fat people and mocked them. They didn't know the person and a lot of the times it was pictures I'd seen before so it wasn't personal photos. They would just make fun of fat people for being fat. Your points are things they hated against too but no, they mocked everyone. They had a picture of a fat woman on a bench and because of her fat, she was spread out on the bench, her ass that is. They said she was "Melting". Had nothing to do with her fat acceptance. They didn't know her. They would create these fake stories of "ham planets" they'd run across. It was like a fat person /r/thathappened pretty much.
tl;dw AHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
We are still here. This will go probably to 8 at latest. We just had another show up so you should come if you can.
Yeah sorry man we didnt get to meet today. We are already out. Perhaps next time.
Well, it's been rumored that it's been a relationship. Harley is by far and away my favorite comic book character. There have been hints at something going on but 75% of it on Ivy's part. It's been widely known she was gay for a while. Quinn has let things slip or said things that have made someone raise an eyebrow like "I wonder". I hope that if they do write a storyline about it that it's good for the story and not just exploitation of the fact that there is a big call for updated characters from Miles Morales to Kamala.
Can you share the poem? I may not be intelligent enough to understand the complexities of it, but I'll try my best.
What the FUCK is going on in Malaysia? They lose airplanes, ships, it's like the new Bermuda Triangle.
Saturday is Shabbos the Jewish day of rest. That means that I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
I live in a third world country. i got a roof over my head, food in my kitchen, air conditioning except in living room but it's only been up to 91F here. I have Fiber optic. Can't complain in the 3rd world either.
It's amazing that I have to scroll this far down. Reddit fucking sickens me sometimes. Just because you don't like someone's music you can't justify people throwing stuff at them. This is his job. How would Redditors like it if they had someone show up at their work and throw bread or other things at them? They'd be pissed off too. Most would call security and have them arrested. But here? Nah, it's okay because I don't like this guy or the band so it's cool to treat him like a sub-human. Fucking despicable Reddit.
Is that a doable thing? Seems like they could just sell your car for $1 then just come after you for the full amount. If they sell it and get more than the $2600 do they give you the remainder?
I dismissed it. I had a job interview the day before that got delayed so I spent the next day trying to get better clothes for it to look snazzier. My Mom sent me $150 so I could get a dress shirt and pants. I got to store early so I was in the car napping. I was listening to Bob &amp; Sherri and they said a plane had hit the towers. I heard it as I was asleep and just was like "Meh" and went back to sleep and heard a little later "We're not sure but, maybe another plane hit the other tower" and I still didn't think much of it. I thought it was just a tiny Cessna or something and people just were being stupid. So the store opened up and I go in and I'm just like "hey, you guys hear some planes hit the twin towers?" And they had this look on their face like they'd seen the world ending. I saw the TV and saw them on fire but didn't know it was two large jets still. So i shop a little and get back in my car and hear the rest of the details then, the first tower collapses. Damn near wrecked my car. I get home and I'm trying to phone my mom, my g/f, her mom, everyone I could. I lived near a military base and I was scared as hell. Shit was going down. I got home and turned on the news and the first tower was gone and I'd barely sat down when the second fell. Was fucking surreal.
Says the person who bought something to play with his cat for him.
i remember these from SimAnt
Great fatherly advice from ANAL-BEAD-CHAINSAW can't possibly fail.
This weekend /u/enti_san and I are going to visit her Parents. I'm not sure what else we're doing. This is my first full Ramadhan here as well as my first as a Muslim. I am "cheating" a bit as I'll be drinking water (doctors orders) but will be abstaining from eating.
Not all Muslim countries have a lot of restaurants open during the day. Here in Tunisia a majority are closed and only ones directly around a hotel are open. And even then, not all of those.
We don't!? It's pretty hard. I am new to the religion and new to a Muslim country but thankfully, under doctors orders told to drink water. I was actually told to eat too but, I am not feeling I need to right now. I love the holiday though as most Muslims don't eat as well as they do during Ramadhan. My Wife's Family fills an entire table of food and you better eat until you're stuffed. Never a problem as her Mom and Dad can cook their asses off too.
Yeah, i still have my checked on the regular just because I was blessed with good health but squandered it away by being such a fat ass. So i still keep close checks on things. Thankfully I'm losing a serious amount of weight now so that I can enjoy what health I have.
How I feel about /r/blackpeopletwitter a lot. They talk about celebrities and make fun of them and I have absolutely NO idea who they are talking about.
Might be a bit late to the party but I have to have mayo cover every single tiny bit of the area on my bread when I make a sandwich and it must be uniform in thickness so that every single bite tastes the same. On top of that, I eat the BOTTOM part of the bread first. The crumble part? You know that one? I eat it first because I don't like it. Also I take bites to allow for a full bite and when I do, I push the sandwich hard against the top of my mouth (the roof of my mouth) and make the top piece of bread stick to it. I always do this to the side with mayo so the rest just falls off, I chew the rest and swallow then with my tongue, I roll it off the top of my mouth into a little tube like thing.
http://www.shelbystar.com/news/local/breaking-tip-from-kings-mountain-florist-led-to-charleston-shooting-suspect-s-arrest-1.492375?tc=cr
Lol love that one.
Use your computer and internet for whatever purposes they wish. Typically ddos attacks.
TorGuard is good as is zenmate
He was the one who caught it so he got the blame.
Pride?
I've been the fattest person in my family for a long time. I'm working my way down (-135 so far) and my asshole of a brother is going up. He looks to be about 230. My goal is to get under 200 by this time next year.
A Benefit to being married. My wife is much cleaner than I am and I'm partially disabled so I do about 30% and she does the other 70%. She always makes sure the house is clean before we go visit her parents for the weekend. It is soooo nice to come home and have that clean house look/feel. It only lasts for a short time as we got bags galore and groceries on the floor to put up.
Living in Tunisia they will do everything they can to simulate bacon here. The great thing is that you can find actual bacon bacon here too. Along with a lot of other pork products. They just don't eat it. I'm trying to tempt my wife. I think her Dad wants to try it but said he doesn't find it appealing. He asked me "Does it taste good?" I told him "Imagine the best thing you've ever eaten in your life. It's 10x better than that".
What sucks is that when you break fast you gorge and then feel too fat for sex :(
Over the Top is one of those movies that if you judge it by the cover looks ridiculous but was by far one of my favorite movies growing up. I may have to watch it again. I'm excited for this too and I'm guessing "Creed" is him training Apollo's kid?
POST POST POST POST! Like third give away for this game. About 10 overall, never won :(
And this is why they won't. They pay lawyers to defend against this shit regardless if people file a lawsuit. Though, I'd be all for them to sue him back for defamation. Maybe settle out of court when he admits to making the shit up. Even if just for $1.
That whole shark from the Super Bowl craze died down way before I grew tired of it. That never happens but, this time it did. I loved it.
I didn't read the book but The Fault in Our Stars was absolutely amazing. It was a great movie that told a great story that moved at a good pace. Do you think the movie did the book justice or would you suggest reading the book too, to miss things not in the movie?
The next version is them snipping the wires all together.
Google did, Blockbuster did it, Digg did it. Reddit is doing it. Those big networks did it. I've even heard a couple bad stories from Amazon CS lately and Netflix will probably do it too.
Netflix came out well after broadband was pretty readily available.
When i worked in IT one of the benefits they gave employees was that we would fix their personal PC's for free. You wouldn't BELIEVE how many computers people "owned" with their friends names as the usernames. Or how many didn't know a password was required to log in and had to call someone to get it. It got so bad that I couldn't keep up with what I was SUPPOSED to be doing. The network went down for days and I had people bitching that I didn't have their home computers fixed yet. They complained to my boss. The incentive was then taken away and I finally got back to fucking work.
Local radio. Like I said, it's not proven and is why it's not in bold. They mentioned it. I posted it. Will update when more details are released.
Probably meant to be coordinated.
**Did** work for. It was for, ironically, a Union. Why ironic? They (and other Unions typically) fight about working outside your "craft" and this was what they had me doing.
Yeah, that racist in SC shooting up that Church. That's Christianity for you.
LIke, JUST now.
Straight man here, changed my icon to the equal rights sign for the month but changed it now to one Hillary posted on Twitter. Also posted the wording of the decision as a post, very very happy. Of course we're happy because oppression is dying in our country.
CNN was as well.
&gt;and paved the way for peace in the Middle East Did you watch the news yesterday? Did you get an F?
I lucked up and met a woman who was a huge GG and KPOP/JPOP fan too. Wifed her.
1 was shot dead. 1 was captured. I think 2 were on the loose but haven't heard anything yet. They came from the beach area. Just walked upu and started shooting. There was/is a manhunt for the others and the people who helped them. Will update with more information later when wife gets home.
\#keepyourflabflying Forgot to use \ to escape reddit formatting
This seems like a silly way to ride a motorcycle mate!
You don't know the definition of homophobia do you? Homophobia encompasses a range of negative attitudes and feelings toward homosexuality or people who are identified or perceived as being lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT). I don't like seeing two gay guys kiss but I believe they have the right to do it. I don't like the thought of two gay guys fucking but they have the right to do it. Homophobia is thinking badly towards them and think they should not have the same rights. Though, to be fair, I'm not for PDA in general though two guys specifically isn't something I like at all.
So you're saying it doesn't affect me? I thought I'd be forced to marry a guy now that it's legal. Are you sure? Not sure if it matters but I'm white too. Does it still apply?
My Wife has a Dog at her parents house. We go to visit every 2-3 weeks and you would think he'd not seen her in a year. He has to be restrained because a couple of times he's hurt her. He jumps on her, runs around, barks non-stop, jumps on her again, runs around, etc etc.
[This was just posted 16 days ago ffs](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/39krll/my_god_what_did_you_eat/)
[3 Days is the max you could wait to repost?](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3b2j1f/glad_to_see_i_made_the_news/)
[Waited a whole 2 days to reppost](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3b8fak/walking_and_talking/)
And THIS is why terrorists will lose here. The fucking country is filled with Heroes. Bravery is if you save someone you love by sacrificing yourself. Heroism is sacrificing yourself to save random strangers.
Colognes can be bought here everywhere. Same with makeup and glasses. Depending on the person they may want food items. Or if you're from Seattle, maybe some Seattle shirts (not sports teams just nice shirts with "Seattle" on them somehow) somewhat like [this](http://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/hypebeast-wordpress/image/2011/05/stussy-space-needle-t-shirt-0.jpg). I think you said you're from Seattle, if I'm wrong then just a t-shirt similar from your state. Shirts with the American flag are worn here too (surprising to me) but they seem to love the US Flag. Or a Yankees Hat? Seen QUITE a few of those.
It seemed like the Cops were trying to do just that. They were trying to get her to stand up for several minutes on camera alone and she refused to comply to orders. Should they just keep on asking until they're blue in the face? They have a job and other shit to do too.
Both of these guys suck. Who would want them? Please leave them alone :'(
I swear, I feel cheated by hearing about all these In-Law stories. I got a pretty normal and sane father and mother in law who love and adore me and treat me as their child. They show me respect and love and everything. :( This doesn't get me much reddit gold :(
I don't follow wrestling much anymore but was watching when he came back. Dude was in better shape and a better wrestler than when he was in his initial prime. He was like a lumbering bull before but dude looked svelte as fuck and I was like "This can't be the same Guy!". Looked like he lost a good 40 pounds and was running around like never before. He's like, reverse aging.
HS Championship, JC Championship, Div I Championship, Heisman, NFL MVP, Super Bowl, and Super Bowl MVP.
I'd say get new Office Chairs over new copiers.
Almost as amazing as Pedro Cerrano hitting a double off a pigeon.
I'm an incredibly fat guy. If someone wants to random search me it's purely gotta be for safety reasons. I told my wife, before coming here, I should look at one of the male agents and be like "Do you give the private naked exams? I volunteer to one if you are the one giving it." then wink at him.
It's not horrible. It's Tampa and we do well against them regularly. I think our Defense is going to show up pissed off. We have CAP running the ball really well too. Fozzy and J-Stew are going to be rested in a couple weeks for playoffs.
I don't think anyone could really argue letting your child win is bad. You want to make the child enjoy the game. You're not trying to curb stomp them into submission ffs. Do that when they're like 15 and vying for dominance.
I never understood getting upset. The people who are determining if the flying metal tube I am crossing an ocean in has deemed something worth fixing, take your fucking time! Seriously, quadruple check that shit. I'm all for getting there late over not at all. There was a slight delay on a flight from NYC to Paris that I was on and was only worried about making my connecting flight but not like I was going to blame the dude who has decided some shit needed to be repaired.
He's going to make some lesbian a very happy woman one day.
You're the worse kind of Panther fan. Arizona over Carolina and PATRIOTS!? I'll upvote you anyways, but, come on brother!
A Pro-Bowl RB that has been out for 2 weeks and this being the third mind you.
I knew it had to be bad when they're like "Yeah, we're not going to reshow that here" and they've shown some gruesome shit before.
Despite Remmers best attempts, we're still going to succeed it appears. Remmers is getting beaten like a petulant child right now.
Goddamn man, what is up with the Refs? Trying to give them time to review it? utter bullshit man.
Looked like a good choice to me.
Didn't know him but was impressed with him in Pre-Season and dumbfounded we didn't have dual backs a little more this year.
J-Stew will be with us for probably 2 more years but that 2nd year he might be sharing 50/50 with CAP or be the backup to CAP.
Yeah, see, they just said "now tied".
Yeah, IDK. Regardless, records are going to fall this year.
Heh, it's okay. Fun part is trying right?
Almost any other day, I would. But she's gotta be up super early to clean and then a big meeting tomorrow at work then late night because her sister and her husband are coming for dinner.
Watching these two for the next 5+ years is going to make me glad to be in the NFC South.
apparently they did.
&gt;You trying to taste my tears or something??!! The Cardiac Cats keep my heart pumping
Jesus, was like a Where's Waldo. Took me a solid 3 minutes to find him.
J-Stew out today and CAP has a fantastic game and we go 15-1. If you told me we'd be an entire season without Benjamin and the last 3 games without J-Stew, I'd probably have cried even more. We lost Luke for 3.5 games early on too.
/u/carolina_panthers Now that we got the bye upcoming, how about that AMA now? Can we try to vote on who we'd want? I mean, sure, Cam will win but I'd like to have CAP or Davis or Ginn.
SIDEBAR!
Because much like your post here, it's a shit post.
Our sub is fine and is great because mods remove shit posts like this in quick order.
This is something I learned from Gordon Ramsay and is why when I cook, especially the meat, I take extra precautions with it to not burn it or waste it because something DIED to feed me. It's trickled over to when I cook veggies and other stuff too because I like to make sure what I cook is enjoyed and the ingredients are well represented in flavors.
LOL I tagged you in the game thread about this too. Several other people were talking about it. Should tell her "If Carolina gets a Ring this year, so do you".
I've been there when we "just made it". I want a win. I want that ring.
What's the crab legs thing? I keep seeing that reference.
Our #1 WR is Tedd Ginn
So Panthers are less likely to get the Conference Championship than to make the Super Bowl than Arizona. *edit* Can someone point out (hopefully someone who downvoted me) WHY exactly I was downvoted for pointing out the statistics shown on the page?
Cam Newton. Very hapoy that turned out well.
I've been saying it for a long time too. I think it's just common freakin' sense. You're not going to smash your head into another one if you have no protection.
Because it's not America and it's what you're supposed to do there. Just because it makes no sense in the US doesn't mean it's not what you should do.
Sounds like this girl has been around the block enough times to need new tires.
Ugh. Me personally went after women with pretty low numbers. 0-4 max because that was my numbers as well. However, if I'd slept with 20 women I couldn't go and be pissed because a girl I was with had slept with 10. That's just fucked.
I remember when newspapers reported the news and wrote stories about it instead of trying to create news and writing stories based on bullshit like this.
WE DONT PLAY THIS WEEKEND!
Didn't it come to find out that he actually did? I love Neil and his way of just the deadpan delivery. He does a very similar (though a tad different) delivery in The Middle and I freakin' love that show.
Not everyone is savvy enough to use Pirate Bay and it can be easier. If you want some obscure titles or foreign films it's sometimes easier to find them on Netflix where you don't have to rely on a lot seeds. I know that a lot of people buy the shows/movies from shops here too so this could be a cheaper alternative to that.
Growing up right handed, I tried to learn to swing left handed just to mimmick his swing.
Or ban the tickets being sold on the site. Ban the user too. Charge 50% of the new sale value to be paid before they can be listed.
You gotta cut people. There's not a single team in the NFC South that has gotten a new coach and QB the same year and turned it into anything. /s
It was widely felt they had the coach and QB to build some people around to become really competitive. Now? Not so much.
Actually they did. We beat Atlanta too.
Of all teams, I don't want McDermott to Giants. No way I could pull for them for a while after this year.
Short, Cam, Gano, Short. I think. September, October, November, Dec/Jan respective.
Well, he won DPOtM twice in a season. Should tell you what kind of season he's been having.
Gano won it, so we still went 4/4 overall.
THIS IS FOR YOU BYE WEEK! YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! IN 50 YEARS YOU'VE SCORED EXACTLY 0 POINTS! THAT'S LIONS AND BROWNS LEVEL OF SHIT PLAYING! IF YOU WERE A CHEESE, YOU'D BE BLUE STILTON! IF YOU WERE A SODA, YOU'D BE STORE BRAND DR. BOB OR MOUNTAIN LIGHTNING.
Downvoted you because I hate that fucking picture, clicked link to double check, had to upvote you.
"I want to tell you good luck, and we're all counting on you".
You think he's not focused? What bullshit.
No, it's "WHAT!?"
I hope that he can come back and be a weapon we can use but I'm worried that we change who we are when he comes back. Like I said in my original comment and I've said elsewhere. The problem we're creating for teams is that we can hand it off to our FB, HB, HB, throw to a WR, WR, WR, WR, or TE or our QB can keep it. You have to come up with game plans on all of that and you need to be able to cover Cam because if you don't game plan for Cam, you're going to get smoked. I mean, he's got a 100 yard rushing game this season... a QUARTERBACK! He had 2 rushing TD's last game. We have options, double options, triple options. Cam can read the defense so well and holds onto the ball until he sees if players are going to crash down or not. Then he can keep it, run it or run it then oh man, now he's passing it. So an option run just turned into a pass. Most teams a run play is going to be a run play. With Carolina and Cam, a run play can suddenly turn into a pass play or a pass play turns into a run play.
It's always good to do this. Keeps the submissive fresher for 6 more months.
LPT, You can use punctuation in the title instead of trying to cram 4 sentences into 1 that makes it hard to understand exactly what the FUCK you're trying to say.
Tshimanga Biakabutuka jersey because it sounds like it's a name straight out of a Key &amp; Peele skit.
The Saints, lately, remind me of the Giants a bit. A bit of a watered down version of them. They always say "Any given Sunday" but that holds so true for the Giants because the same exact team that could make a team go 18-1 could be the lone win for a team that's 1-15 in the same season. They're super bi-polar. You just never know which team is going to show up. What's funnier is that sometimes, both teams show up in the same game and switch out at the half.
kimwim42 mentioned something else I think you should consider. What you did, was shitty. Nothing you can do to change that part but what you can control is what you do now. Maybe contact some local gay rights groups and see if there are things you can do to help them. A lot of groups, especially in small towns/areas, are short of help. Maybe you can be with an organization that goes to schools and maybe you can share your story. It will be difficult to admit to a school full of people what you did but maybe you can change someones life.
NFL is Religion.
"By playing baseball"
Up next, the Season 3 premier of the El Chapo comedy "On the Juan". What crazy antics will El Chapo get into this season? They'll Never Stop El Chapo! Have no fears, we've got stories for years, like Emma becomes a robot, Maybe Chapo Jr. gets a cell phone, has Ivan ever owned a bear? Or, how 'bout a crazy wedding? Where something happens and doo doo doo doo doo... Have no fears, we've got stories for years!
remindme! 2 years
None will be old enough to play with him but he's spawned enough for an expansion team.
Is it a record of overall or just regular season because he's got a chance at 3 more games and most likely will get 2-3 more if he plays in all 3. I see him setting a LOT of records that will be hard to reach when it comes to passing/rushing.
I'm a mod in #reddit-nfl and we can tell when servers crash because we'll pick up a few dozen more people each time.
/r/panthers has the same rule but people have throwaways and people troll us with them too. Very few people are brave enough to use their actual main account.
Finished watching it about 5 minutes ago. Great film. 9 out of 10.
Oh dear God no. I stopped playing Madden long ago because of these repeated sayings.
We have some shit language for some fucking fucks who went 15-1.
What if I told you, you can drink, yell at bad calls, scream with other fans and not be a complete tool about it?
2 hours and no one is discussing. I'll start. Which two players would you trade to get 2 players from our team. Try to make them as even of a trade as possible. I'd trade Devon Funchess and Cameron Artis-Payne for Ryan Schraeder and Devin Hester.
My Mom legit had it. We finally found a place that didn't have MSG in some of their dishes and that's what she ate. One day we go to the place and she gets a splitting headache. She talks to the waiter and they check and the cook had screwed up and put some in it. I thought it was BS too but figured it, like the gluten thing, is probably a problem with very few people but more people profess to have it.
There's a lot I would do with charities. Assuming cash up front and minus 39% taxes that leaves me just over 500 million. St. Judes - 10 Million EFF - 5 Million Doctors Without Borders - 15 million UN Developmental Project in Tunisia - 5 million I would also put 25 million into a charity I've long wanted to get going. I would build housing (as cheaply as possibly to get as much as I could) that would provide some of the basics. Power, water, electricity, internet, television, and I would provide the tenants with job training and counseling as well as health care, and clothes for job interviews. It would be a program to help those less fortunate try to get a job and be a productive member of society who just can't get a safety net to help them. Most safety net programs barely give you enough to get by and none give you enough that you can start getting ahead to reverse your situation. I would invest a lot into businesses in Tunisia as well (My wife is from there and I'm currently living here) to create jobs and create a charity here replicating what I would do above in the US, just here as there are NO social programs to help here.
I used to make it 8 characters but changed every 3 months and couldn't use any of the previous 5 passwords. We had some important stuff to protect so it was necessary. My direct boss wanted 12 characters have to have a special character, change every 30 days and NEVER be able to re-use the password. I asked him why he hated everyone.
This is a joke right? Please tell me. I need a source to believe this because no way this was actually suggested.
Went to "Diamonds" in South Carolina and it was meh. Had to pay $10 to get in and spent about $30 on the dancers and was there for about 6 hours. I was REALLY trying to have fun and had some but, not $40 of fun. A friend of mine spent $800+ on private dances with a woman he thought he could get to come back home with him. She didn't. He learned that you can't just drop a lot of money on a dancer and fuck them. I went to another one with him a couple months after that and we spent 15 minutes there. Never been back. They're pretty goddamn boring.
$confirm /u/saintsintosea $175
He's not allowed so, yeah.
Nope!
I bought them because they were buy one get one free. However, thanks for your insight and insults. In the future I shall consult you first before making any decisions for myself. If only you were around years ago. ^^^Douche
I may be able to help you with this. I am not, in any formal way, a photographer but I do have a nice camera and I'm decent enough. If you need something that's worthy of National Geographic or Pulitzer then I will decline but if you need just some pictures that will look nice enough, I can do that. Can probably do that this weekend but It's been rainy on random days so I'd like to see about weather first.
Watch the movie "What About Bob?"
It's not been Ericsson stadium in a long time. Ericsson makes/made cell phones.
I disagree. I think it's the ONLY way you should be able to obtain immortality. It has to be Calvin, pissing on a chevy logo, in ink that never fades, and on your face.
I'm hoping they over compensate this time and like, he runs to the middle and everyone is like "OH SHIT! and suddenly 12 guys are on him.
/u/Stalked_Like_Corn is withdrawing his name from consideration for Eagles Fan now that it wouldn't be as funny for the Eagles to beat the Giants.
Soldering irons count? Back in the PSX days when you could solder a chip and run downloaded games, I was doing mine at my brothers shop (TV Repair shop) when, for some reason, I wasn't paying attention and my pinky finger got in the way and the iron hit the solder I was holding. The solder drips onto my pinky and I gotta hold in the 17 curse words trying to fly out of my mouth as I'm looking at the customers up front and I turn to his business partner who saw (and heard the sizzle) and is like O.O and shaking his head no. I put everything down safely, walked to the very far back in the tv storage area, then into the bathroom and yelled. Huge blister and new found respect for the iron.
Gun control. I get downvoted every single time. I don't think guns should be allowed into the hands of ordinary citizens. Also, the fact that I won't let my kids online. I am told every time "Good job raising screwed up children".
Prison wallet.
&gt;it's got Oscar written all over it Only because he would direct.
I want to say THANK YOU for not saying "Dumb rednecks" or some other crap like that. This is a problem that's nationwide and not just one in the South.
Falling for the wrong person and investing waayyyy too much into the relationship to save it.
We are a very fortunate group of people. We have a Coach and team that get what football is. They've started to play unencumbered by what they are SUPPOSED to be. The future of our organization is bright and with Coach Ron and Cam at the helm, it's going to be a glorious time to be a Panthers fan. I've said since the whole "undefeated" talk started that anything short of a SB win would be utterly disappointing. Though, I will be sad at the missed chance, I know we're going to have many many more.
As someone who grabbed PayDay: The Heist right as it was available, then played the shit out of it, I was psyched for 2. Then PayDay 2 came out and it was all the hype and more. It was amazi-balls. They released some free content at the start like free heists. Then, the first DLC and like a sucker, I bought it. So did most everyone else. Then yet another, then another, then another, then nothing was free, it was all pay. The stuff they started adding made absolutely no sense. I got sick of it and left. Then it REALLY went downhill and I decided it was never going to be played again.
Two things. One, highly doubtful he will. Secondly, if so, he'll get maybe a $500 fine which he makes in probably 5 minutes.
Yeah, I'm kinda shocked because so much was made of Shula and McDermott leaving but, did either interview for them? I seem to recall one (I think McDermott) interviewing so maybe they are just waiting on that. I wanna know, does Shula and McD stay if there's no HC jobs?
On the flip side of the coin, our offense is a lot better now too, than we were in week 6. It should make for a fantastic game. I think this could be the Super Bowl and they just call the rest of the Playoffs a wash.
Yes, but, by using it, you are making yourself an exit node too. I would activate it, load the Netflix movie/show, then immediately disable it in the Extensions options. Just cutting it "off" via the bar in Chrome still leaves you as an exit node. You have to go into the settings/options to disable it. But yes, I like it quite well. I have it on my tablet too.
Yes, I'm on 3G in a 3rd world country. $10 USD gets me 4 Gigs. When I had fiber (I moved and don't hve internet yet) I didn't mind it as much.
Never had to sit through one that was 186, but more along the lines of 60 but it was even more boring because I wasn't even involved. I was just there to make sure everything worked fine. (IT)
TIL Just how much 2kg of chicken wings is. Twice as much as I thought.
My wife absolutely loved Agent Carter. She'll be glad to hear it's coming back soon. I'm apprehensive about Deadpool. I want it to be really good and the trailers look hilarious and good but, IDK, nervous bout it. I've not watched any of Agents of Shield yet but I really should. Daredevil Season 2 I'm psyched about. Season 1 was really good and I love Vincent and hope he's around for a few seasons. Civil War should be dope too.
Yeah, they started blocking VPN's and proxies two days ago apparently. Cancelled my plan to go back to Netflix.
Probably got their own in Seattle.
I'm nervous about this field. Fields like this get people injured.
HA HA HA HA HA HA! What a PA!
This is thanks to our GM Dave Gettleman too. He let a lot of bad contracts go, restructured others, paid the guys who should be paid and really cleaned things up. We were in a cap nightmare before.
Nope, if we're up 50+ start of Q4, sure. Otherwise, no.
yeah, IDK, easier for us to see the room as we're not having to find guys to throw to, avoid being sacked, on top of trying to find a place to run to.
I say go for 2. If we fail, still 37 - 14. That's still 3 touchdowns but if we go for two and get it, that's 39 - 14. They would have to score 3 TD's and a FG. With even at 37, they would have to score 8, 8, and then 7 just to tie it. I say make it a 4 score game.
"I'm not sure why Pete Carrol isn't kicking a FG right here" "Well, it's 3rd down" "Oh..." Seattle scores a TD.
I remember when we used to play like this "play not to lose ball". That was when we were winning just enough games to stay in the basement of the division.
After seeing how they played against you guys and Green Bay, not to look past them, but we should beat them soundly. We beat you guys twice, we handled Green Bay, Arizona should be fine as long as we don't do stupid shit like letting up 24+ unanswered in the second half again
microcosm of our season too. Fantastic 1st half, shitshow of a second half.
\*16-1
Exactly this. Don't want to play where it's cold or early? Then fucking win #1 spot and you can play at home.
The same thing Manning screwed up and birthed manningface.jpg
I wouldn't jump to conclusions and you should DEFINITELY ask her some questions, but it sounds incredibly fishy She's either A.) Aware of the attention and likes it or B.) Is completely unaware of the guys intentions. His intentions are to date her. She's either aware and like the idea, or ignorant of it but still likes the attention. Either way, it's completely inappropriate.
Jesus Christ, how did you two find something from 4+ months ago?
How can you tell if someone doesn't own a TV? Just wait, they'll tell you.
Unless they have a record of my name and address from that far back, I have absolutely no way to prove it.
If we were 5-7 and no shot at the playoffs, go for it. When you're 16-1 and two wins away from 18-1 and a Super Bowl title, I'm wrapping them dudes in bubble wrap.
LOOL I was out with a friend and had like 4 replies and they were all empty and I'm thinking "Shit, Reddit is broken again. Oh well". Now, I am home and I get it.
Nope, sorta. I mean, yes, but, no at the same time. Yours shows a link too.
^^^[](/YAYGIRL)
Because he doesn't have Seahawks flair.
Congrats on closing the distance.
Yup, he was cut after a mediocre career and the buzz on him coming in was that he was overhyped to begin with and was on the decline of his career. He's been a STUD for us this year.
This is the stupidest fucking thing. They are putting odds on two teams not in the Super Bowl ^^^yet
Because the only reason it's being upvoted is the **pretty girl** part. That's fucking stupid.
*Fauxhawk
I don't even send my WIFE dick pics so i'm not sure why guys do it.
Ma. Newer.
The only thing I can possibly imagine is that he had the contract drawn up and he was hoping they would accidentally sign it thinking it was maybe another client he represents.
It is indeed. Wife and I was trying to fight over the bowl of it last night. I ate most of it. I'm very fortunate to live here and her Mom makes all the great Tunisian food I request.
I very nearly bought most of those chicken wings this year because of a stupid Kg -&gt; Pound conversion error in my head. I wanted some wings for this past weekends game and thought that it was .8 pounds = 1kg and decided to get 2kg of wings. This lady starts shoveling in wings with just, scoops for arms and I immediately realized I'd made a HUGE mathmatical error because 3 scoops in, and we're already past what I was wanting. 8 scoops of wings and 4.4 pounds later, She hands it to me and I'm looking at it like "Fucking hell.... I dun goofed". I bring them home and figure "Super Bowl, 1.1 pounds per quarter, make a new wing flavor/style per quarter". My Wife gets home and is like "oh, what did you get at the store?" and goes looking through the fridge and the freezer... "What is... is that... CORN! IS THAT WINGS!? How much did you get!?" I'm not a smart man.
I will simply add that the downvote is suppose to be for "does not add to the discussion and is spam" and not a "I disagree with your viewpoint" button. Also, I didn't mean that it should be left up to the states, it should be a federal level crime. I just think that it's a slippery slope when federal level says X is a crime when the state doesn't and decides to trump state law. I think it should be a federal mandate that it was a hate crime. My problem is the federal level of government deciding that states rights mean nothing. Also, I'm for states rights but I think you misunderstand my standing on that. I believe in the state rights to set their own laws and mandates but yes, this should be a federal crime with no state able to set a law that says it's not. I think that the marijuana laws is pretty much on par with this whole discussion too. It's state vs. federal law where it's still illegal federally to possess or smoke marijuana but it's okay on the state level.
Then explain the federal mandate that Marijuana is illegal but states are allowing it? States have power too.
Typically you don't count post-season. Typically.
It's amazing people remember shit like that. I was robbed at gunpoint and the only thing I remember is what the end of that gun looked like. Also, that he was a douche because he stole my cigs too and I'd JUST bought them inside the store. He only got about 15 bucks and a pack of cigs. He wanted my car, I told him no and to fuck off.
I wouldn't see a pitch for a new stadium for probably 10 years. They seriously JUST made huge rennovations to it and it's in a great spot and it's not that old really. Can't imagine they even talk about a new stadium for another 10 years.
Ffxiv has gathering and crafting classes. No need to fight at all.
Why was? Is. He still does it.
Wilson isn't even in my Top 3. Cam, Palmer, Brady, and Deandre Hopkins are my Top 4, then I'd say probably Wilson.
To your last point, this is the biggest thing. If you don't want to have to worry about what the field is going to be like at the other teams stadium, then fucking get home field advantage. The team busted their asses all season long, not just at the 2nd half of it, to get that advantage. Would they complain that Minnesota was so damned cold if they lost? "Well! We only lost because it's so damned cold there!" Should we complain when we get false starts when they ~~start piping in crowd noise~~ the crowd gets loud? "Oh, we wouldn't have gotten that penalty but they wouldn't be quiet!". NO! It's your home and you get the advantage of having the crowd behind you. You get the advantage of not having to travel the country to play. You get the advantage of, get this, knowing how the field is going to be beforehand. If you don't like playing on a sloppy field, play better and stop it from happening. If you don't like how our QB celebrates and dances, play better and stop it from happening. If you don't like how we always celebrate things like wins and first downs, play better and stop it from happening.
Did you finish your homework?
Stickied
Been a Duke fan for about 3 decades, still can't get his name right.
I mean seriously, having to live with that name in High School would have been BRU-TAL! Can you imagine the ridicule he got for that name? Demarcus!? Crazy name.
Gbaja-Biamila is so long they couldn't fit it on a jersey probably. They'd have to have a guy standing next to him with the rest of the name that would have to run along with him.
My wife pronounces it like that. English is her 4th language so I let it pass. I've tried to tell her the correct way but she likes Cooch-lee better.
Yeah, no thanks.
Yeah, that was a shit sub anyways so no biggie.
I've actually had it setup before that I had 2 TV's so that the Puppy Bowl was on at the same time. It really is the only thing that can probably compete, even remotely, with the Super Bowl.
I think the general consensus is that this is basically going to be the Super Bowl and whoever comes out of it alive, will win it all. I'm worried because I think the Cardinals are too much for us right now. We were doing alright injury wise for like 2/3 of the season then it hit us and hit hard.
Prediction: Palmer has to change his pants at the half because he's going to have the shit scared out of him. Dude is running just to survive.
Here's to hoping for a McPick 6!
Foot is officially still on the gas baby.
4. 4 INT's, they have 2 fumbles too. I think one was by Palmer, the other was on the muffed punt return.
I'm a huge Palmer fan and Fitzgerald fan but to see us how we are tonight, no one is going to stop us.
We also currently hold the belt and I think this is the first time we've ever defended it.
All season long the media has dogged them, but we've fed off of that. All season Cam and Coach have talked about in post-game pressers "We're just focusing on the next game, that's it". Now, we're onto the next game. We have built a culture in Charlotte. Cam had issues that he had to work on and has. Coach had issues to work on, and he did. We had to bring Gettleman in to fix our contracts and money, and he did. We had ghosts from Jake, we had Seattle who has handled us in the Coach Ron era, and this year has been all about exercising those demons. Seattle, close games, Cardinals/Jake, and now onto the Super Bowl to finally exercise that last demon, the lost Super Bowl. Could have been better if it was against NE to finish off the revenge tour, but we can handle that next year hopefully.
Nothing more dangerous than a guy with skill, out to prove he's got skill.
You got it half right. "Welcome to Super Bowl 50! It takes place, as we talked about it earlier, Peyton was dialed in and he said, in Santa Clara, CA, Where the Super Bowl, and Cam, the QB for the Panthers, has had a great season."
Jesus fucking Christ this is my number 1 complaint in life and you tell me there is a different way BUT YOU NEVER PUT WHAT IT IS! THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!? WHAT IS IT CAPTAIN BUZZFEED!?
I really wish I could run for President here. I see so much potential here but I don't think the old leaders want to change anything. It doesn't serve their best interest to change how things are done here. There are so many things that could be changed and done to help. It should be easier for foreign businesses to setup business here. It's up to the government to create jobs and there are so many that can be created. One of the things that helped the US was road construction and if there's one thing this country could use, is road construction and repair. An across the board wage increase would also help. By creating jobs and increasing wages, you're increasing taxes collected which can then, in turn, be put back into creating more jobs. I don't think the solution is sitting and waiting for funding from France, US, or other countries to help stimulate the economic growth of the country. The money coming in could help create those initial jobs and even put a safety net program in place to help those less fortunate. Every day, I see people begging for money, collecting plastic bottles to recycle. At my apartment, there are people who put bread in bags next to the big garbage bins (kinda near it) so that those who dig through, can have their scraps of bread. People doing this, WANT to work. The powers that be need to create jobs for them to work so they can have an income.
As a guy, I'm pro-life but i'm also pro-choice. If that's possible. For myself, abortion isn't an option and I don't like abortion but, I don't think anyone should be able to tell anyone else what they can do with their bodies. Male or Female.
Probably because nothing goes up against it. Nothing dare competes with the Juggernaut that is the NFL.
Stickied
I've really started to not care about Fresh off the Boat now. I think the show was struggling to begin with so I just don't get it. It's not like Football season and such come to a great surprise and unplanned each year. Seems like they could better plan for this type of thing.
&gt;I was freaking 12 when that came out. You know what was popular on the internet when i was 12? Nothing, there was no internet (as we know it). When I was 12 Windows 3.0 (not 3.11, 3.0!) was not released yet. Computers ran 2.0 and liked it!
I'd actually be surprised if he left.
Wow, 11 times. I've not had that much gold ever :-/ I think I've been donated like 4 months, maybe 5 total? I typically tell people to donate to the EFF instead. They need the money much more desperately.
Accept that it's natural. It's why it's heroic when people ignore that innate draw to not throwing themselves into mortal danger. For my Dad, Wife, or children (in the future) sure, I would do it. Pretty sure I wouldn't for a stranger.
What's he supposed to do? Go find the guy and personally confront him?
Plus we have a shot at not only holding onto the title belt for the entiretly of the off-season, we have a shot at getting a Lombardi and the cherry on top? Making Atlanta the only team without a ring in the division.
I love the headline further down: "Johnny Manziel Hits Rock Bottom After Waking Up As Browns Starter For Third Time This Year"
When he left, they didn't know they were pregnant.
Leo will win an Oscar before I watch another Pro-Bowl.
Expect someone British to pop up saying "Serves you right"
&gt;Fox was clearly holding us back. I know them feels.
Awwww someone's bitter. /u/heelincal only sucks because he's a UNC Fan. Other than that, he's a fine person.
So, 0.
I agreed with you all the way to Cam, I'm a Panthers fan and still think he's at 20% at best right now. If we win the Super Bowl, I'd say 40%.
**Offensive LVP:** Johnny Manziel **Defensive LVP:** Mike Jenkins. **Worst Coach of the Year:** Jeff Fisher **Offensive Bust of the Year:** Johnny Manziel **Aaron Hernandez Award:** Aaron Hernandez, I say he wins it every year. **Fallback Player of the Year:** Jason Pierre-Paul **Brian Bosworth Classlessness Award:** OBJ (I'm biased)
Didn't watch the video but... /r/HailCorporate?
There was a joke in a movie or tv show that went along the lines of: Person 1: Why did you and your wife get divorced? Person 2: Oh, she liked to role play. She played the role of a woman home alone waiting for the delivery man with her package. I played the role of the husband who was out of town while she fucked the delivery man.
You can just ask, I'll tell you. You got probably one of the nicest mods in our group to actually ban you this time and it was the one who gave you the warning. Go cry somewhere else, Reddit won't give a shit.
Forgot to direct link :P Gotta put an extension on that URL.
I've always disliked him. The dude has always been a chode. He acts like a jackass to people who pay him to come talk, he tweets pretentious bullshit like this all the time. He thinks he's this generations Carl Sagan. Carl Sagan will always be Carl Sagan and there will never be another. Sagan was able to come across and explain things in a manner we could understand and not feel he was talking to us like we're lab mice. Sagan was personable, friendly, and really cared that people would take interest in him. NDT is just a pompous dickhead. A smart dickhead but a pompous one.
Yes, there are grade school kids who can play with puppets. What talent did he show?
The fucking article called it "continuous sex abuse of a child" called him a "victim" a couple of times. Be upset but don't fucking cherry pick stuff people! Don't cherry pick shit out of an article and especially a line that it was trying to talk about how the students saw it, not the paper.
Agreed. The initial "romantically involved" was them quoting the students. They can't put it in quotes as they aren't going to attribute that quote but it's a quote of a general feeling and from multiple sources. Then it goes on to call him a child of sex abuse and a victim.
This is tremendous news. This is why I love Tunisia so much. As an American living here I get to see first hand how this Country is changing and flourishing. Attacks in Bardo, Sousse, against the Presidential Guards, none of that has been enough to shake this country. There are a lot of issues to be dealt with her like infrastructure and high unemployment but I have faith it can be resolved. After the attacks, I knew that Daesh was screwed because this was the last place they could try to come to and I knew it wouldn't happen. I knew when hotel staff put their lives on the line to save the guests lives in Sousse and the tale of the guy working on his home throwing bricks down at the gunman and how the police reacted and did SOOOOO well at the Bardo attack, I knew this country was too strong for them to ever get a foothold here. Tunisian citizens are too strong and just won't stand for that. So proud of Tunisia and proud to call it my home.
Fallout 4 would be great if yous till have it. I was unclear on your edits. Not as great as you though. If I win, I promise to think of you next time I sex the wife.
Seriously hope he gets a great season this year. The old man doesn't have many years left in him and he's deserved better than what he's gotten so far.
[source required]*. I mean, I know that it sounds like a good idea but I've not see any real science behind this being true. Maybe I'm just a hipster but, I think that what you're saying sounds pretty far out there.
We are aware the server is down, we are working on this issue currently and will make a post in the subreddit when it is resolved. Thank you for your patience. =)
#Rocket League# I've been wanting to play this for a long time but not sure if it's going to be on sale soon or not. Or if I'll be able to afford it.
Damn this is heart warming. My Cousin was adopted and he, thankfully, improved on what his situation probably would have been. His biological/birth mother was not a great woman and tried to abort him by drug overdoses. She finally gave up and gave him up for adoption and my Aunt and Uncle got him. They were unable to have children and he was spoiled. He was raised in a good home and family and has made quite a success out of himself.
I think people are taking the "break your pinky" thing a bit too harshly. I think he meant it in a way of it's a pinky promise and the old adage is that if you break the promise, they break your pinky finger. It was something taught to me by my Mom. I don't think she would ACTUALLY break my fingers because I didn't put my toys up. As for the rest, it just seems like /r/cringepics has just turned into /r/isreallyawkwardinsocialsituations.
You can actually write gambling losses on your taxes in the US too.
Sakura Dungeon because, Dungeon Crawler. I just started working again after a few years of not (I'm partially disabled). I also had to starve all day (and for the coming month) because of Ramadan. I'd like to be able to pass the time without knowing I'm starving.
When my wife is away I crank Big Pun, Biggy, and Pac as loud as humanly possible while I clean. My neighbors may not like it either but, IDGAF as they don't pay half my rent. She does, so she gets some respect on what happens when she's home. His meme is a little misleading. The ones he listed are just out of respect and not in a controlling manner. My wife controls certain aspects of my life too. Things I am not allowed to eat is a prime example. She's not a bitch, she wants me to not eat like a fucking pig. So she harps on me to not eat so much salt or drink so many sodas. Some could call it controlling, and it is a bit, but it's not some mean thing to be a bitch.
The other day I was buying something in a store. I put it up there and pay then grab the bag of the person that was in front of me waiting to pay. I get halfway out of the store when they start yelling. I turn and am like "Huh?" then realize "OH SHIT! This ain't my bag!" I apologize the best I could in English and get my stuff and slink out.
Dude, you REALLY should watch who you call a vegetarian. That's not nice.
When I lived in the US, I lived for this at the end of the day. Now, I just watch them on the computer. I really miss these shows. I used to watch Golden Girls with my Grandmother when I was young. They'd be on for an hour during the day and it was always at lunch. She'd make me a lunch, I'd lay in the floor infront of the TV and we'd watch that and her "stories".
It says "paper shredder accident" on a post about a whale getting hit by a boat propeller. Use your fucking brain dude.
I mean ACTUAL energy that is used to propel the boat forward.
In Tunisia, works fine for me.
As a religious person, when a side starts arguing that they are on Gods side, I immediately know to tune them out because they know nothing of any religion out there. That said, there are BOTH sides that cherry pick religions (including Islam). It's just which side and which books you choose to cherry pick from. I choose to not pick those that say convert by force and having multiple wives. I choose, instead, to give to those less fortunate, to fast for a month, things that I feel will do the most good in the world. As someone who converted to Islam later in life, I hate that the second someone hears I'm Muslim (outside of the Country I'm in) they suddenly make the jokes "Heh, didn't join ISIS did you? hehehehe". That's what people know of Islam. Daesh. It fucking sucks because there is so much more to it than that.
Not ad-libbed. Ad-libbed means To improvise and deliver extemporaneously. It was already planned because he was sick so he just shot him. This was not the PLANNED fight when the script was written but it was planned ahead of time.
I love the old Cam-ye. Super bowl Cam-ye. Superman Cam-ye. Running for 100 yards Cam-ye.
River dance on 'em.
Others have said it, but this should come to an end now before hostile feelings come around. Maybe you're into him, maybe not. I think your feelings for him surfacing when you split was you just being lonely and not missing him but missing being with someone.
We're thinking more monument wise.
Fuck, what if this is him?
I've removed this post because, this sounds bad. I understand your relationship was important but You may need to go to therapy for a bit to learn how to move past this. The dream you're having is made in Hollywood. You're expecting some big and dramatic scene in the airport where they come running into your arms, apologizes, you have your perfect ending and credits roll. The wording of your post is a bit weird too as you call them your "s/o" and "ex" and "them" but never "Him/her" or "She/He". It seemed you even purposely went out of your way to stating it which makes this all vague and kinda weird.
I think your romantic times are going to be severely limited. She can't do kissing because it can cause some serious issues with making sucking actions. It can cause dry socket. Which if it happens, will be bad for her pain wise and health wise. You can have sex but, again, she won't be able to perform oral sex on you. You, however, can kiss her on the lips or cheeks or wherever she would like you to.
I hope it's not a clusterfuck like /r/blackpeopletwitter. I was a mod there for a bit but the modmails... dear god. And I don't mean from users. I mean from the other mods. Arguments and fights and people being demodded for no reason and people being added that was never discussed. It's a clusterfuck.
That's the point of the sub. /r/blackpeopletwitter and ESPECIALLY /r/BikiniBottomTwitter is just a place to shit post.
80% of the drama stemmed from mglln in some form. I dropped being a mod because I couldn't take the constant shit in modmail.
I would love a slower paced combat requiring more strategy than just quick reflexes. I like the style of non-random encounters but dig turn based when you do engage.
I'm not sure they still do it but, /r/dvdcollection. I was a mod there and we'd have contests all the time. Every 2 weeks we'd have "movie night" where we'd all nominate and vote on a movie to watch every 2 weeks. We'd all purchase the winning movie (if we didn't have it already) and we'd all synch up and watch together on icanhazchat. It was fantastic fun. We'd give away physical copies of movies as well as codes. We also did numerous gift exchanges (which they still do).
I never claimed to read the article. I was asking the source on all the points that were made. Who said that he was just along for the ride and manipulated and didn't really want to do it?
You can talk to her openly, these are questions you should ask her. Ask her "When you're in this sort of mood, should I continue being my same level of affectionate or should I give you some space?" I don't think that there's anything wrong with pointing it out in an understanding way. Like "just been feeling like you're going into that shell again". Nothing more, nothing less.
I honestly feel that J-Stew and CAP needs to be our new double trouble. I'm not sure why we didn't play CAP more last season but J-Stew was doing well so can't really complain. I think Fozzy, Wegher, and CAP are our future too.
Can't. It's a favor to her father. Otherwise his daughter (the one not my wife) would have to drive back late at night for hours. I do it for him, not her. He's an awesome father in law. He appreciates it greatly. That's all I need.
The hell you talking about. I'm not the person you replied to. I watched the video, there was a guy screaming. He could have just been screaming out of frustration. It's a selfie video, that's all. It's shitty content.
I get a lot of the same arguments like "to protect myself" but if there's no guns, you don't need a gun to protect yourself. My wife and I actually had this discussion the other night. "But then only criminals will have guns" which is completely and utterly false. It won't stop criminals as people in England still go on mass stabbings but generally people are just hurt, not killed. Also, if guns are illegal their prices on the black market are going to sky rocket. A dude who needs to stick up a liquor store to get money for food can't afford thousands of dollars for a gun or else, he'd already have the money for food! It's a weird discussion to have with her as She isn't even American, she's Tunisian, and I told her the spirit of the law in the constitution was to basically stop an invading army from taking up shop in America. "But what if they try and succeed in taking down the US and invade". "Then the whole world is screwed". "What if there is a Nuclear attack against the US that weakens their military" "Again, then we're all going to die because that's the end of humanity because we'll fire back".
Didn't know it was a racism thing. Glad it's not a romance movie though.
Oh hush with your facts and figures and shit. He wanted to hop on the anti-US bandwagon and you're FUCKING it up dude.
I didn't downvote you, someone else did. But I'd like to know how me firing a gun or not has to do with my stance on guns.
I find this incredibly difficult to believe. They would just plant drugs on a randos luggage for a dog to find?
With food. Which, if you work, you can also get food from your work.
Wait, Charlotte? You're from Charlotte, NC?
&gt; Lol who downvotes for conflicting opinions? Have you ever BEEN here on Reddit before?
Well, I'd think that they were probably given the zygotes from a sample taken from the genetic parents. Not like, they accidentally made a mixture of 20 samples and just starting shoving in 8 eggs of random people. Then again, yesterday I would have thought that a facility would be incapable of mixing up samples like a freakin' Telemundo novela.
I've mentioned this a few other times when this question pops up but I'd want to be able to fund a place for people to live. Imagine like a very large apartment complex with numerous large apartments like you see in the projects of NYC. It would be free/affordable housing but the whole program itself would be to get people back on their feet and off public assistance. It would give them job training, clothes for interviews and work, a place to lay their head instead of on the streets, and let them finally be able to get on their feet. In the US and many other places (I'd also do this in Tunisia where I currently live) there is a cycle of being poor. You can't afford to move up because you can't afford to look professional to get a better paying job. And better paying jobs usually require training that costs money but you can't get because, well, you can't get a job. There is WAY too much paycheck to paycheck and pinching a penny so hard it would make it smooth. It wouldn't be handouts. There would be requirements and stipulations to all of it so that people wouldn't abuse the system.
You know, I applied US laws to AUS, so that I couldn't speak on. Thanks for pointing that out to me.
I live in the 3rd world, there is no such thing as a dollar theater. We don't get many English speaking movies here. In fact, almost all are the Marvel movies.
Most likely the people who know her personally, know the story by now.
As someone who ate like shit for 30 years, then went healthy, lost some weight, went BACK to eating kinda shitty again, and now trying to go back to healthy, it's sooooo much harder to go to healthier eating. I'm trying to eat salad, limit carbs, drinking more water, doing everything I can but brother, I break sometimes. I'll eat some chips and a soda but, it's like 1 20 ounce a week tops or a bag of chips (not the big bags like, single serving kind) every 1.5 months. I do have little things, like a tiny piece of cake. But I used to eat bowls of Ice cream. 2+ liters of soda a DAY. I'm not joking, it was minimum 2 liters and often times 4 as I'd consume a whole 12 pack of soda. Compared to THAT, i'm a goddamn level 5 vegan.
I looked up the post on facebook, they have removed all comments.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOOOOOHHH THE HUMANITY!"
Different people have different income levels and different monetary levels with savings. Some may have credit cards that they can charge an extra months of bills to and pay off. I think quite a few are students typically that have a summer off or a break. Some work places do allow for you to take off with unpaid leave. I'm actually on that now for over a year with a place I worked at. I'm free to come back at any time. My wife has a job that she can leave for up to 6 months (no pay) then come back to her same position, same pay.
Is it overpaid if the guy is worth it. Paid a lot != overpaid. We paid Cam a lot. Luke a lot. We paid a lot, we didn't over pay. Paying Short a lot for balling out for years, isn't overpaying, it's paying the man what he's worth.
Same. I don't think anyone can blame him for going to the highest bidder. I'd stay with Carolina if they came pretty close to the highest offer but I'm a fan of Carolina. He's a fan of getting paid what he can get paid and doesn't have (most likely) the allegiance to the team we do.
Just a heads up, i didn't read this far down but I did approve this though it wasn't directly about a LDR but I do see you're, kinda?, in one. Also, IT is IT is IT. A network is a network no matter what. I did IT in the US (I'm American) and I do work for a company here (Tunisia) and it's the same things. Different brand equipment sometimes but a switch still switches and a router still routes :D
Hello, I think I can weigh in on this with great authority. I am from the US and my Wife is from Tunisia. We tried to get her to the US but it was a hassle and frankly after 5.5 years of being nevermets, I was fed up. I was told it could take another YEAR to get Her to the US so I said "Fuck it" and sold my house, car, stuff and came here. Fear didn't try to talk me out of it but, I would be lying if I said I wasn't scared as hell. It's a scary thing especially since I don't speak French or Arabic when I got here. I speak a little now that I can get around (thanks also to my tablet and Google Maps) but it can be scary still sometimes to go somewhere I don't know by myself when a cab drivers speaks 0 English. I can't expect anyone around me to know English either so just asking directions could be troublesome. Also, it's a foreign country. I left behind everyone I knew and loved and, moving to this whole new world and let me tell you, America is life on easy mode compared to here. But, you have to be strong. You have to be willing to learn and you will come out of it okay. I've found (and you'll find this in probably any country) people are nice. People are sweet and kind more often than not and will be more than glad to help. I've met some Tunisians that are acquaintances on Facebook that have all given me their numbers "If you need any help at all, give me a call, I'll help with whatever I can" and even some people here on Reddit in /r/tunisia subreddit have done the same. A lot of the time people are like "OH! AMERICAN! WELCOME TO TUNISIA FRIEND!" Like I said, people are nice. Be careful because there are some who will try to take advantage but your s/o should be able to warn you of some of the scams. Be open to nice people but, but on guard at the same time. Again, it can be scary. You'd be out of your mind to not be scared on some level but, it can be amazing and fun too.
They are dumb ass GM's but, that is the market sadly. The great thing is that we have a great talent in finding talent. So we can get new people in if we feel that we can't afford the veterans who want massive contracts. I think we got some great CB picks and I think in a few years we're going to have a Defense that is going to be absolutely goddamn scary with our CB and DL lineup. People already can't run on us imagine just eliminating a teams entire offense.
Why try to fucking start an argument. Can't you just do this shit elsewhere?
I've filled them out for all sorts of companies but I only ever heard back from Pizza Hut and McDonalds. Pizza Hut I'd contacted through Twitter too and there was a huge ordeal and I got about 12 free pizzas out of it. McDonalds I got a call asking me to answer some more questions because they got my order wrong, i drove back and they gave me another wrong order. I checked it before leaving and they gave me the wrong order a third time. I was like "okay, once is fine. Sucks i had to go back but 2 and 3? Come on man". so they finally get my order right but it's cold. I'm guessing it was sitting there the whole time during all this and they said "We'll remake it". Finally i get my food and hot and leave. Filled out that survey faster than a mo fo. manager called and apologized a lot and offered some free food. I told her "Nah, it's okay. There are other ones around I'll just go to them".
Well, nothing excessive, just couldn't think of a way of putting it. Not like an inch or nothing. Imagine a slice of Kraft American cheese, half that or less. I'd say the exact amount past being able to see through it to the bread but not a bit more.
From the design studio Baby's First MS Paint LLC
Dear god I'm so glad I stopped watching in like the beginning of season 3. I think it was season 3. It was right when Oliver fought in the Pit and was kicked off the mountain and just reappeared one day and the whole team is like "ZOMG WE THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!!!111!" I stopped watching. I stopped watching Flash about the same time though which I regret. Some of the flash and Arrow have been spoilered for me as I watch LoT which is a freakin' amazing show.
He did turn into a complete horses ass though in the TV Show that was very good but still got canned.
I loved the first couple seasons then everyone started getting girlfriends and it wasn't about smart guys working at a university or geeky/nerdy jokes it became all about the relationships. I really started falling off watching it regularly about season 6 and watched maybe 2 episodes of season 8. I tried to pick it up this past year (Season 9) but it's just gotten worse. I won't be watching it again.
Then, 3 teams from the same division conquers the top seed and two wildcard spots in the conference and make the playoffs.
As a panthers fan, this is true and saddens me.
Sat out two games. I'll take that since we see them week 1.
[Citation needed]
Ramadan mabrouk to all my Muslim brothers. Having a great weekend with family and chicha. Enjoying life right now as Duke, panthers, and cubs are playing well or are stacked to do well soon.
Pushing daisies. Was so good. So sad :'(
I never got that about the phone calls. No bye, no caio, no go fuck yourselves. Just, Going to do this. *click*
50 Shades of I CAN EXPLAIN!
Yes. It's 2 hours. You're going to learn about characters that are recurring through the entirety of the show like Anne Perkins.
This show has some pretty good ratings. We're probably going to get a few more seasons.
If they debited your bank account, file a dispute with your bank.
No.
I had a farm with 10 chickens. So many goddamn eggs. I would eat 2 in the morning but would give about a dozen and a half away a day. Miss my chickens :'( . I had fresh garlic in my side yard too. There were time I'd trade eggs for vegetables others grew or milk.
.
Piper hater checking in. Nope, she didn't. First moment I've felt bad for her in 3.5 seasons.
Jesus christ you're right. This horrible disorder has to stop. The goddamn pictures has more artifacts than an Egyptian tomb.
Well, I will say that, this argument, is just like any other you would have. It's seen differently because you're going to visit so it's looked at under a magnifying glass and *is* magnified by the fact you're scared and nervous to go there. You've been working and saving and so has she. England has Uber so you can go out if you wish to. You can go to a cafe, see the sites (It's England, I'm told they have a few interesting things there) and get to know her homeland more and perhaps, get some stories to tell her when she gets home. One of the great things with my Wife and I is that during the day, she's gone. I get to go out and experience the country first hand with no one to help guide me. I get to meet people I wouldn't have met. I get to experience the Tunisia that only someone who lives here would get to experience. I walk down random streets (Take a tablet or phone or GPS as getting lost sucks) and look at random things. Doing this, I actually know a lot about Tunis that she doesn't. When her brother comes, I tell him all the places we can go. He can be like "I need a battery for my phone" and I can tell him about 8 places to go. He needed an ATM for his bank one day and I was like "there's one over in Lac 2". He was like "You sure? Not one up the road?" "Nope, that's x bank, y bank, and z bank". He said to me "Man, this is my own country and you know it better than I do". So go out, explore. Use this as an opportunity to be with your s/o but to learn about England. Maybe you can find a place you can take HER to that she didn't know about.
Maybe you can look at a sub that is dedicated to a major city near where she lives. inform people you'll be visiting and maybe some would be willing to come pick you up, come hang out, etc.
Raleigh-Durham and Charlotte actually are liberal surrounded by a bunch of Conservatives.
No. No they don't.
Yes, we are running 1.8.8 right now just for plug-in compatibility. 1.9 was released just as we were planning all this and doing work and some of the plugins we were using weren't ready for 1.9. Now that 1.10 is out we're waiting, again, to make sure plugins are compatible. Unsure, though, if we'll be going to 1.10 but most likely will at least put it up for a vote when we feel the plugins and server is ready to do so.
PUt that in the suggestions thread :D
&gt; but I would jeopardise my friendship for sex. Freudian slip?
Places to visit? ~~Sweden~~
Apparently you were raised where they don't have a sense of humor either.
She's not pulling that trigger
#2 for me. #1 is Lisa's Substitute.
The U.S. signs a treaty with Panama agreeing to transfer control of the Panama Canal to Panama at the end of the 20th century. **ME** The last natural smallpox case is discovered in Somalia. Authorities in the health field consider this date the anniversary of the eradication of smallpox, the most spectacular success of any vaccination program to date.
Fasting is actually abstaining from food. There are different degrees of it. I am fasting for Ramadan except I'm drinking water. My wife fasts with no food or water. You can fast by giving up something for lent.
Well, if you can convince them to use me as a go between, I'll do that. You can send me the game, I get the minecraft game from them and when I have both, I make the trade. If someone backs out, I give everything back to the original owners.
to is not a number. Two is a number. I took it in the spirit of "without telling me your direct act".
The originator of "u wot m8?"
One mistake that women make with guys is that they project how THEY would feel onto their guys. He could very well be as torn up as you. One way that guys deal with things, is not dealing with things. We ignore the situation. We do things that seem counter intuitive. He may not want to see you again right now because the wounds are still fresh from having to leave you the first time. When did he leave? Maybe he's still upset about having to leave? Give it a little time then approach the subject again. Again, he has this high of being with you followed by a huge low of having to be apart again and we guys get moody as hell when we get to our lows.
LOL NFCS #1? No way. Like someone else said, You got 1 team with 15 wins! We carried the division in your way of ranking. I get it, this is just simply based on combined division records but, this is a horrid way of doing it.
Removed. Rule 1 violation 1) Content must depict an embarrassing interaction between two or more people.
I think I win [Meco - Star Wars Theme/Catina Band](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFcmuhTTqoY)
Tomato, mayo, pinch of salt, pinch of pepper, sliced onion in a sandwich. Used to make fun of my Mom for eating some of the shittiest food ever. Grew up and now, oh dear God they're awesome. Sorry Mom. Other than that, i really hope I do turn out like My Mom and Dad. I'm not that awesome yet though.
Yep, I bought several of their DVD's afterwards. I watched some clips, realized I wanted to watch them without having to rely on Youtube.
Please edit in ages and sex's. Thank you.
We did and this person has been dealt with now.
Title: [F]irst time, be gentle! Content: You can guess.
3 other comments and i'm going to be 4 for 4 in saying, you're over reacting. She was busy and it sucks to be just left on hold like that (It happened to me countless times) but, sometimes, life gets busy and hectic and we have stuff we have to do. Sometimes, you have to take the lumps of being in a LD relationship and this, I'm afraid, is those lumps.
My best translation I can do: Red: Please inform Scott that he left in a most undesirable way and removed tools that aren't his. On top of this, he is owing dues and really has made a mess of things. If you could, please call his mother in the morning so you can inform her of what has transpired and to inform her, as well, of the undesirable people he is currently hanging out with. I would be displeased (sarcastic) if Jackson was to get in trouble for not paying child support. He better stay in hiding because I'm not going to stop going after him for it and will make sure law enforcement officers are aware of his location if I knwo it. It would also be advisable to not let this person on you. Blue: I will have to disagree with you and if you threaten me again I will pursue measures to stop it. Please, leave me alone. Your current attitude and behavior is why you have no friends. Who talks to someone like this? Red: Female please! On your best of days, and on my worst of days, I am still better than you. I think that you are a drug addict and contrary to your previous assertion, I do have friends. They are named Me, Myself, and I. If you keep harassing me, I will make sure to attack you with my full force and cause you great physical bodily harm. Also, Paul says "Hello".
Removed. Rule 1 violation 1) Content must depict an embarrassing interaction between two or more people.
Removed. Rule 1 violation 1) Content must depict an embarrassing interaction between two or more people.
It would be horrible. It's lies that let us live a life. We tell little white lies to protect the feelings of those we love. "No honey, your dick is huge", "No sweetie, your don't look fat in those jeans", "Yes Sally, there is a Santa Clause". We all lie and we all lie pretty frequently but nothing that is a big deal. We lie to get hostages out of a building "No, we're not going to bring you pizzas and the second we get a chance, we're going to come in and kill you".
Holy shit I can't believe this actually worked. A real life /r/lifehacks tip that worked. Me, and my Vans, thank you.
Like winning the Super Bowl In Progress :D
My dislike of San Fran is about the ownership. I like Kaep and think he's a good guy. I disliked Harbaugh though because of his antics. The dude couldn't go a game without complaining like a little bitch. That said, he was a good coach. I just fucking hated his antics on the sideline.
As someone who loves actual lesbian porn (or something close to it as possible) do you watch any Viv Thomas or Girlfriend Films? I love looking for reviews and such on lezlovevideo to get a feel of the videos first. They have great reviewers and even special labels for stuff like "no toys".
I had the Sears and JC Penny catalogs. I was smart though and found a Victorias Secret catalog at a friends house and they had this little card in it that you could send it and get a subscription. I filled it out to a fake female name and had it sent to my address. I was about 12 at the time. I always got home first because of school and I was always the one to check the mail. I had about a dozen of them before my Mom decided to clean my room one day and found them. I had a waterbed so it was hard to just lift it up to clean but, yeah she decided to do just that and there went my PG-13 porn stash.
Man, I used to play COD online and I sucked. I'm not one for the twitch reflex games. I liked things like the very first COD or TF2 where you can fight it out instead of whoever can click the mouse faster to get the 1 shot kill. But, I still liked running around and shooting stuff up, lobbing grenades, etc. Quite often I would get yelled at about my k/d ratio. I just tried to keep it at 50/50 as much as possible. if I had it over that, That was a fucking accomplishment. However, in COD:MW, I was pretty fucking good at that game and could get a 2:1 k/d regularly. It's always important to realize that A.) It's just a game and B.) There may be some people who just suck but enjoy the game.
No one would say anything but Steve Smith.
From someone who did, it was great stuff.
I knew I shoulda swept for cameras in my new place.
He changed from something he knew would get him elected to something that is actually him and wouldn't get him elected. Just like every president for 100 years.
This is me. I'm pro choice and pro life. But it's not me pregnant nor my wife. It's not my baby. It's also not my choice or decision to make. It's not for me but dammed if I'll stop someone else. Their life isn't mine and their reasons are their own. However I do believe it's killing a baby. I believe in education based on science though or at least as much as possible. Give them options and let them choose.
Kelvin Benjamin. 0 games last year, if he starts a game he's already played 100% more than he did last year.
I honestly hope so. The dude deserves some success.
I told you this in chat just now but wanted to post here so others can see too. As to point #1, I have made a bit of a list of things so far and i'm adding some more stuff to list. This will be things for sale straight from an admin just in case you can't find stuff in the wild. Or, (to your other point) you can't find them in player shops. yes, we're going to roll out player shops. We already have the plugin active so it's not a problem. It's just a matter of /u/blisschen setting it up (because I don't know how to) and she's been quite busy with IRL stuff right now. As for #2, Thundadome has already been built and I have already discussed this with other mods/admins about us having a Hunger Games type event. This is still in the works and not something I can complete right now because, as most of you know, my internet is shite right now until July 1st. The problem with that is, as most of you may already know too, as of Friday (the 1st) I'm going to be out of pocket for 2 weeks (Yes, it was 1.5, now it's 2). I'm hoping that by August we have the event ready to go and for the announcement of it. In this 2 weeks time, I'm also going to play around with our plugins as I'm trying to learn more as Blisschen shouldn't be relied on so much because it's just unfair to do so. As for the prizes, i'll take into account what you said as I've not come up with a prize quite yet. The event is going to be a free for all. The hopes is to get about 8 or 9 people together (couples can team up or go against each other, up to them) and just everyone against everyone. Everyone, up to and including Admins, will be eligible for this event. I will be monitoring from my sky daddy position to make sure things are kept on the up an up as much as I can. Also, it's NOT pushy to suggest ideas. How can we know what to implement if you guys don't tell us so for you Smurf, and anyone else, please tell us what you want to see. We'll try our best to accommodate given the resources we have and factor in what we think will and won't work.
Just to let you know, Dynmap is up and running http://198.154.97.203:8123/ I'm trying to test it out now to see what it looks like and may tweak some stuff with it. I'm not sure why live map was taken down before, could be resource issues. I'm going to leave this up for now but not guaranteed it will stay up if it becomes an issue with resources.
The Wire. I know this is a circle jerk kind of response but I'm going to expand on this and why I feel it is. For one, this is made by David Simon. Simon worked as a police reporter at The Baltimore Sun from 1982 to 1995. Most of this time he worked on the crime beat. So this guy got a lot of the stories for his show(s) from real life stuff. He made all his shows (particularly The Wire) as real and gritty as he possibly could. On top of this, the casting for it was spot on. You get to know these people and you get this feeling of "I really like this character". Even the ones that are supposed to be the bad guys. You see their relationships change between themselves and the cops that harass/arrest them. Most shows, you have about 4-5 stars (maybe 10 max) but this show has 36 and they all can carry their own with their stories. How great are these actors? many of them go on to act in many other shows after their time on The Wire. It is a brutally honest show that has likable characters and they don't make it feel like the procedural shows you see on most stations. There is no hand holding. There is only 1 flashback in the show in the first episodes (1 or 2, i forget) that they fought against and lost. They later told the executives "Our fans aren't stupid and would get this without using cheap flashbacks like this". Everything is organic even including the music heard in the show. All the music you hear isn't just some mystery music playing. It has a source. A radio, a boom box, something. There's no mystery overlaid music like you see on procedural shows. It's just a great show overall. I'm sorry if this is a bit disjointed. I'm trying to do other things too but I'm sure that pretty much anyone who is on Reddit and has seen it, can back this up. Probably more eloquently than I did.
I honestly started disliking Suits after 2.5 seasons because the same schtick of "Will Mike get caught" became old. Silicon Valley I'm probably going to drop next season because the show has become very annoying. It's like a series of clusterfucks that somehow works out in the end for everyone we like.
Apparently not as he put it in the text box.
And it was only 2 seasons of 11 losses. Out of 38. That's bananas. To know that she only had 7 seasons of double digit losses out of 38! And the thing that got me was, she never had a losing record. Coach K has had 2.5 out of 36. (2.5 because 94/95 season)
He did go into private practice near the end but it's never stated that he ever wrote someone a prescription. Niles mentioned being able to do it when Martin wanted a prescription and Niles refused to write it for him as he wasn't his actual doctor and when Daphne was fighting with Sherry and went to Niles' house for refuge. She needed to go back to Frasiers to get her heart medication and Frasier said "Don't you have a pharmacy across the street from you?" "yes" "You could have written her a prescription" and Niles is like "........." as it dawns on him "Shit, I could have". Despite it being his occupation and being at the radio station frequently it was a lot more of "Look how pompous he can be" show than a show about psychiatry.
Nope. I really disliked him as a character on the show.
I'm not sure how the plugin works. Will watch the video tonight after my internet caps for the day. If people are able to set where their money go and there are protections I'll build a large shopping mall that should hold about 40 people.
Not sure if it's a British only thing but, this is very very true. I can disagree with many things but man, American chocolate is crap compared to most everywhere else.
I live in Tunisia and get to enjoy Belgian chocolate regularly and those guys got that shit on point man. Every once in a while I will eat something American like a Nestle bar or Snickers or something like that and the sugar makes my teeth pucker up.
This is not true at all. This was something they were afraid of but was never found to be true. Unfortunately it doesn't take facts for people to be petrified of something.
Anything by Ed Hardy
12
edit: OMG FRONT PAGE! AND GOLD! OMG I CANT BELIEVE I MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE!
It's kinda ironic. When we're kids we want to stay up so late and never take naps. Now? I love going to bed around 9pm (when i can get to sleep) and there's NOTHING that compares to a nap.
Bridges' BBQ in Shelby, NC. The best place where I currently live is a place called "Pizza Lago". Their pizza is great.
"Granted, this was in a light GA plane, which are arguably not as well shielded as an airliner"
It's out as there are already copies on torrent sites. Came out two weekends ago (17th) in the US.
Not everything can have OpenWRT on it.
Removed. Rule 1 violation 1) Content must depict an embarrassing interaction between two or more people.
Horrible idea. Why in Gods name would you do that? You tell her to be open, you've given no indication that she wouldn't be, stop trying to be so damned perfect. Relationships are going to have issues because two people are never going to be the exact same. Ever. My wife and I have compatibility all over the place and 95% of our likes align with each other but there are times I do things that I see as no big deal that she hates. It can cause arguments. She does things she feels is no big deal that I hate and it causes arguments but, we get over it. Why go looking for issues? If you have to be absolutely perfect to be together, you need to rethink your relationship dude.
&gt;and personal learning As a 38 year old guy, take it from me, don't do this. Personal learning is great but you're not going to get personal learning by learning what OTHER guys did to irritate your g/f. Be the best you, you can be. Don't try so hard to avoid every single problem you're going to run across or you're going to be exhausted shortly.
I just meant that not everything can have Open or DD WRT on it. You made it sound like such a simple solution that I just wanted to point out, that it's not a solution for everyone. Client side can be with applications like uBO, ABP, AdGuard, etc.
This is a hard one to answer since I've gotten about 30+ years of gaming experience. Old school, can't really go wrong with Mario Brothers (No, not Super, just [Mario Brothers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mario_Bros.)) SNES - I would say AeroBiz. This really got me into simulation type games. Genesis - Herzog Zwei would be my favorite there and got me into RTS. Loved Sonic too. PC (circa 1995) - Total Annihilation. I would play this on an MMO addict level of time wise. I'd play 18+ hours a day all day for months. My APM were pretty high and I could hold my own against some of the best Asian players. XBox 360 - Probably something Madden PC (Circa 2003) - Call of Duty. This was the very first one and I played this game and nothing else. Again, had the dedication that I was a pretty damned good player. When United Offensive came out it renewed my love for it and I was hooked again. Absolutely loved it PC (Circa 2006) - FFXI. I was very much addicted to this game and, like others, played it religiously for over 5 years. I really fell out of love with games as time went on. I just don't have the same feel for games? I don't know. I do play some mobile games and I get on Minecraft some now but I play Minecraft in short bursts.
Any old school games? Those all seem REALLY recent so not sure if recency bias or just very young.
Can always find he old gamers :D Super Tecmo Bowl was awesome. If you played with friends did you have the "no one can be the Raiders" rule? Duck Tales was a game I took so much pride in completing that I took pictures of it.
To be fair quote aren't necessary. Breakfast isn't "morning meal" it just means "breaking fast" which can be at any time.
Scrub the incense and go with scented candles. For me personally, the incense can get overwhelming and cause me to go into sneezing fits and sometimes it's just waaaayyy too strong for the occasion. Scented candles can be adjusted (light 1, 2, or 3 and rest are unscented). The Music is good (in my opinion), chocolate fondue meh, it's a bit over the top. A hot shower can be sexy too and is always nice to be clean right before sex. Clean sex is best sex. For me, I'd like low lights (not candle light but soft lighting), some Ella/Louis, a superbly done steak (this is the key to the night for me but I'm a fat guy). A steak done perfectly is easy, but requires some practice and care. Show me that you will cook me a steak to perfection, that means you took the time to babysit that thing to make sure it was perfect JUST for me. Chocolate fondue, idk. That's tasty but I never got the sexyness of it. Also, PLEASE don't do it in bed with each other. I tried that "Chocolate during sex" thing and all it led to was some sticky shit all over us. Now this is special occasion type stuff. Normal romantic things, i just like having an evening with my Wife and some food and some quality TV time. We snuggle on the couch. we have a large L shaped couch and I rest on the long part and she puts her feet close to head area. I can rub her feet (which is intimate) and hug on her legs too. Then she will flip so that we can just hug and kiss and make out a bit before bed. This is the "typical" night in our house kind of romantic. Nothing elaborate but still very nice.
I've heard that this is because of breeding. We've bred dogs to be more attached to humans. How so? Ones that are anti-social we just don't keep. We consider them dangerous dogs/breeds and they are tossed out into the cold or are euthanized.
Just take it from someone who's been in a lot of relationships (i'm old). Don't go trying to find problems. They'll find you. Then just deal with them then. If your relationships can't make it through some issues, it's not that strong to begin with. I mean, try to head off as many issues as you can and I'm not saying "screw it, let it all sort itself out" but I just feel that dragging up ancient history is a bad idea. My wife asked some about my past but not much. When she does something that irritates me, I just tell her. She does the same for me. Each relationship is going to be unique so you can't really plan ahead by looking back.
"Azrael! What is this Halo CD doing in the music folder!?" "Oh, uh, Mom, it's Halo, you know like Angels? It's Christian music".
Fuck that guy man. I hated him because he would just roll us every time. We couldn't stop him OR contain him. He was what Cam is now. You can stop the pass, you can stop the run, but you can't stop the pass, the run, and Cam. Most teams have a QB that .5 seconds after the snap you know it's going to be pass or run. With Cam (like Vick) that pass could become a run. Or it could be a designed run that looked like a pass. Or it could be a run that turns into a pass when you commit to tackle him and leave your guy. Every time we beat Atlanta with some Cam antics, it makes me a little happier because they finally get a piece of that bullshit pie we had to eat so often.
The best, but wasn't the best for us. Pickles was the best thing for us. Because of him, we got Cam. Hate on pickles but when you need to play down for a higher draft pick, pick Pickles.
Maybe can morph it into a 3? Can get a custom thing over the top "Buc Fucker"
I'm going to guess the two girls in catchers gear are the catchers but I played baseball before so it just comes easier to me.
