My story is fairly long. My first few businesses didn't have any employees although I did have partners. I've funded companies a variety of ways, including Kickstarter and out of my own pocket.
Nice job! You've learned a valuable set of lessons here that you will look back at in the future.
I really think it depends on the person. I would just advise to enjoy the journey as much as possible.
Yeah man, those motorcycle clubs aren't paying their fair share!
Dunno, but we won't recognize any of the jobs. In the same way someone from 150 years ago would not recognize many of the jobs today (what's a computer?) Most people were farmers! What are all those farmers going to do! Oh no the sky is falling!
&gt; This is the root mechanism of inequality of outcome which we see today: people do not effectively asses their own position and what is in their best interest and they make decisions from a position of informational asymetry which yields a sub-optimal outcome. Or ever. E.g. some people never thinking about what's in their best interest. They just live day to day, surviving.
Dunno but I tell my kids to start businesses and not go to college unless they want to be a doctor.
Don't worry, they stream people out of the college track early in Germany.
Agree on both points. Like what do you do with people that clearly simply want to live like animals? Some people do. Do we take them out of that situation "for their own good" or do we let them make their own choices and suffer the consequences?
I don't get it. Why would you put up with that? I would have simply withdrawn and then send the essay to the local media for publication instead. With some choice commentary.
I'm very familiar with what these companies pay as I'm in the tech industry. Amazon will pay programmers fresh out of school $100k a year in some cases. Basically $64k is below even the bottom of the scale for most tech jobs.
It's not crazy to regroup, recapitalize and rethink about your next thing. Having a 9 to 5 job for me is like a stress relief potion compared to running a company. Last time I worked for anyone else was June 2008 and I doubt I'll do it again, but before that I was on/off for 15 years...
It's already done. I don't know what Dave would say but not just be aggressive about paying it off first? You don't have other debt right now, pay this house off, then go buy a new house. Bam.
Until Mr. Fusion gets stolen by the great khan and they have to figure out how to power the Tesla some other way.
I like doing BI with a negative income tax. So the short answer is that everyone else pays. Over time though I've started to think that a sovereign wealth fund might actually be the correct solution. Basically just slowly build up a fund that generates income. Split that income amongst everyone.
Hit the gym, start fliring with other women, make less time for her. If that doesn't work, then it's over.
Not a helluva lot. I just sold my 2009 C6 with 56k miles and it was pretty much perfect. Seat wear was the biggest issue really.
Ok, so let's start with taxing oil extraction. Take a piece of every well that drills on US soil. That would generate a good start. This could could be built slowly over time. As we transition to post scarcity the fund gets bigger and the check everyone get's slowly gets larger.
I have some pretty decent image stabilized binocs I can use. I was more thinking a drone but it might be too far.
The author of Snow Crash just came out with a new book called Seveneves.
I'm good enough, I'm strong enough and gosh darnit, people like me.
When I was 21 I bought myself a brand new Mustang Cobra. The car wasn't unaffordable to me but I leased the damn thing because I didn't know what I was doing. Definitely took a bath on that one and learned my lesson. Today, many years later, I'm on my 4th Corvette (currently a 2015 z06).
Telling poor people to get bachelor degrees like that someone is going to make them wealthy is stupid. If you are poor you have a lack of money. Getting an education *could* be a way to earn more money, but it's fairly indirect. So we are lying to them like it says, blatantly. However, telling young black people that no matter how hard they work they will never get ahead is even worse. What kind of message is that? Life is tough and if you definitely won't get ahead by coasting.
Using an emergency fund isn't a bump, it's expected. It should constantly be getting filled. Divorce is a bump.
It's not something I would be terribly concerned with. Most drivers seem fairly passive anyway, more passive drivers is fine. Beside I'm sure the aggression can be turned up if that's needed in some situations.
Odd, I basically suggested the same thing in another BI thread the other day.
Not even close. Too many issues to list date mag, bezel pearl, bezel text, text on dial, crown looks wrong even from this angle etc etc. The guy selling it could very well believe it's genuine but from this picture I can tell you, no way.
As I said, too many issues to list ;)
Nope they use buttons that are electronic. There are manual release levels on the floor though so you can get out without electricity. Also the roof could have easily been popped.
I ask people about that kind of stuff in interviews.
This is the real issue. Way too many people in jail for bullshit for way too long. The pads are just a symptom of the larger issues. Still sucks and is still inhumane.
Is it possible the dial is just after market and the rest of the watch is ok? It's hard for me to tell with these pictures but I feel like most of it looks pretty good except for the dial.
Sometimes people want fancier dials and don't really understand that it's not legit because they aren't serious collectors. We are talking Rolex here. There are plenty of people walking around with aftermarket dials on real watches. Anyway I can't give a solid opinion either way. Certainly the dial is craptastic and that alone would cause me to stay away.
https://www.nceo.org/articles/employee-ownership-100
Or you could just compete with them. I still haven't heard any answer as to why workers can't own the means of production now.
&gt;And where, in any of this thread, did I ever say that violent offenders should have heir dignity stolen and be treated like animals? &gt; If everyone in prison truly deserved to be there, like violent offenders, then the issue discussed here honestly wouldn't irk me as much Right there. You said if they deserve to be there you have no problem with the status quo. The status quo steals their dignity and treats them like animals by withholding necessary sanitation.
&gt;Eh, I'm not sure it'd be a civil war as such. It's more likely that it'd be a simple insurrection, perhaps based around a dual power structure, and it would only occur under conditions where the working class were already strong and the state already weak. Think of Catalonia in 1936 as a good example. Oh, just an insurrection, is that all? Are you calling for armed revolution in the USA? &gt;Well the means of production are already controlled by meglomaniacs who use force to maintain their power, who use force to steal from their employees, who use force to control and dominate society. This is a bunch of malarky. &gt;The aim of socialism is to establish genuine democracy. And let me guess, you get to be in charge? What about our current democracy is going to be different from your fictional world? &gt;We absolutely care if we have the consent of the population because socialism could never be established - let alone continue to exist for more than 5 minutes - without it. So then we agree it will never happen. One can't even get most people to agree about what brand of toilet paper to use, let alone politics. There is always going to be a significant number of people who think differently. I suppose you'll just kill them in the insurrection? &gt;Some (typically collectivists) advocate for labour vouchers. I'd rather transition to a gift and volunteer economy, whereby people work because they want to and where no money is exchanged whatsoever. The resources we create are allocated by need, rather than being allocated to whomever can pay the most. Of course with you deciding who needs what. I'm on to you ;) Also what's the difference between a labor voucher and money? To me a labor voucher is just a form of money. &gt;P.S. I'm sorry about the downvotes, we can get a bit hostile around here. Hopefully it won't put you off socialism as an ideology. I'm not put off by downvotes, but I am put off by the ideology you are claiming for your own here. I'm firmly convinced it would be Stalin all over again if you got your way.
&gt;Capitalists, folks: if you don't have enough money, you're being irresponsible with your money. You should just be more responsible, that way you'll have more money. You know, living within your means. There are actually two separate concepts here. concept 1) Handling the money you do have effectively. Unless you are almost a pauper you should never be living paycheck to paycheck. An emergency fund is a must. concept 2) If you are a pauper, or simply want to live better, go out and earn some more money. If you can't then you might want to consider what's holding you back and fix that. Given that millions of people live responsibly, within their means and earn a living, what's wrong with you if you can't? Maybe looking inward and working on yourself might be a better strategy than whining about it.
Honestly I'm interested in talking about this stuff from a more middle of the road point of view. I would support something like a basic income but you are just so far out there that I don't think we have much in common to talk about.
Same thing as the other thread. We aren't even close to being on the same page at all, so there really isn't much to discuss. I thought /r/socialism would be slightly more middle of the road.
Very much this. It wasn't driver skill people, it was Ferrari engineering keeping that car straight. Modern nannies are really really good.
Same goes with game devs. Technically we are competing, but in reality we all hang out and help each other out as much as possible.
We sold them a pig in a poke on that one! Suckers! We got you good Islanders.
Yeah it's definitely worth checking out.
Given that Chevy has be changing that system every year the exact model, year and mode would all do different things. The C7 system definitely reacts differently than C6's.
Time heals all. Good luck.
You made the right call.
Vape pens for nicotine are super common. They are also completely indistinguishable from the same pen being used with marijuana oil. Neither one of them emits much of a scent. I've seen people use them indoors and nobody even notices. It's not like old school smoking a doobie. They sell these are every single store in WA.
This is an extremely complex topic. Normally you would trademark the name of an app. You file this with the trademark office, see your local lawyer. It's a multi-step process that requires multiple filings that isn't complete until you start using the mark. However, all that does is protect the name. The other guy could still make a similar app with a different name. Can you talk a bit more about the structure here? Are you all partners?
Keep in mind those tires don't have much tread on them to begin with. Sport Cup 2's are usually good for 3k miles but the only way you can tell if they are worn is by looking at the wear bars. They basically look worn out from the factory.
There were more ferraris than I've ever seen in one place before.
Me. At last count 8 engines from scratch and 30+ games shipped on them.
Pretty much this. In fact I would go further and say that you need to establish a good long term relationship with an attorney as you will be using one a lot.
I just have to disagree. There are a lot of restrictions and requirements to building in Seattle. If there were less regulations housing would be cheaper to build. I'm quite positive more people would jump into building in Seattle if it were easier.
Yup, because I've lived it.
What a load of crap.
Ya but they got lucky because they are part of the vast jewish conspiracy, see? Just to be clear I'm being sarcastic. As soon as people start bringing up luck you know they are jealous.
I was working and doing things in the same era and it wasn't obvious to me. Having vision about what's coming and having that vision turn out is a powerful thing. There are things happening today that are going to be huge, do you know what they are? Are you working on taking advantage of them? In other words the timing doesn't just come from luck, it comes from vision and experience. There is always something hot in the world to get involved with, you just need to go and find it.
I think you might be surprised when you get a chance to try it.
Mainly because for the vast majority of cases it simply doesn't matter. Stuff is fast enough in most cases. It's only peculiar types of software that care about squeezing the hardware hard.
My advice? Get out of california altogether and move up to Seattle. Lower taxes and cheaper housing.
Nice job! Owning the entire chain and trying to get as close to the customer as possible is a good model.
It looks good to me. It's an older code but it checks out.
Really? You guys think pirates who attack ships and ransom the crew are just misunderstood good guys? Fuck all you all.
Then let me ask you why bother with the degree at all? It sounds like you already have some programming experience. Why not make your own stuff and fill in the areas you are missing? Nobody in games gives a shit about a degree btw, they care about what you can do. This is why digipen is valuable, because you actually make stuff that is effectively a shipping product. Classes more focused on technical techniques are the easy part, working on a team and actually producing something is the hard part.
You will love it. I had a blast driving mine as a daily for five years.
I think you are on the right track.
So your local middle class bank employee who works in the business loan department doesn't exist. Gotcha.
&gt;If you are not a rich person, there is a very good chance you have been getting fucked for decades Do you actually believe this crap that you spout?
Haven't pulled the trigger yet.
I would argue this fails the test as there is a clear class warfare trend going on in mainstream society right now. In other words, people do say this.
Human nature. People want to be fulfilled and keep busy.
Personally I think your wife shows traits of being OCD. Perhaps a bit of counseling would work best here. A neutral party to help you guys manage each others expectations. If she doesn't understand that her requests are outside of normality this could help with that, which could help her compromise.
Even 10 hours per week is pretty crazy. Hire a maid and bring it down to zero.
In other words some of this is your fault for not addressing this earlier. I truly think you guys need to get some outside counseling and your wife needs a mental health eval.
I suppose it depends on how you count the 10 hours, but it seems excessive to me.
That makes sense. Man I loved those fox bodies, that was my dream car as a kid. Eventually I did get a mustang, but not until the schwarzenegger body style...
&gt;He's an idiot. As is everyone that supports idiotic policies like price controls. I mean seriously, PRICE CONTROLS are you kidding me? This is eco 101 stuff.
&gt;No, I don't agree with it for any practical purposes, but hypothetically it could make the world a better place. What it would do is wreak havoc in financial markets. There is a reason we disassociate investors from liability, it's the whole purpose of corporations in the first place. Furthermore you aren't punishing the actor, you are punishing a related party who may just be another victim. So I'm not really sure how it's supposed to make the world a better place.
I must admit that I moved aggressively to buy a new place once I was in a position to do so. We need better zoning and more density in Seattle YESTERDAY so that the price of housing can come down.
&gt; So maybe companies would be less likely to engage in this kind of behaviour if the shareholders were likely to feel the penalty. Why would that be the case though? Most shareholders are not in a position to police the companies they invest in very effectively. How is it fair to punish them instead of the management? What's wrong with simply prosecuting management? Wouldn't it be more effective and more fair?
three sea shells
Not only that but plenty of companies could be completely moved offshore if it came down to it. I would certainly consider moving to Canada if the government decided to confiscate this much property.
It's not a gold sub, it's a two tone sub according to the pics. The price isn't anything special for an older model.
You should really listen to this guy. I know it's hard for you to consider right now but you really need to follow the advice here.
This article is idiocy on display. Taking an annuity would be a huge mistake. It's just absurd on the face of it. There is nothing preventing you from selling the future income stream so taking an annuity doesn't protect you from yourself. You are taking incredible tax risk as you will be paying future tax rates. Does anyone expect those to go down? You are exposed to political risk. I'm not expecting a revolution or anything but politics could screw you over a 30 year term. Your billion is invested in something anyway by them. How diverse is it? Does the risk profile match what you want? That's just scratching the surface, it's just stupid.
That's silly. You have no idea what tax rates are going to do over the next 30 years. You aren't factoring in risk, you are calculating it like it's a guaranteed return.
Are you a rocket wizard? Is there a book or a place on the internet I can learn more about this?
Can't be right. Look around, everyone is dying of starvation. Obviously the rich are to blame. Down with everything!
I'm jealous of people that had better off parents as well. I think I would be a lot further along if I could have a "small" million dollar loan ;)
I never went to college, I was too busy trying to do stuff. I think that part helped me because I have an additional 4 years of experience. Personally I think college is overrated unless you are already rich.
I disagree that this is a good explanation. This is bestof? fuckoff.
Ok, so we plug all of the loopholes. How much does that bring in? The answer is not enough to make a different to anything.
So basically you do a similar move the other direction to balance out your senses? That sounds like a cool technique. I'm learning so much about flying in this thread.
Invite everyone to vegas.
They are scared because idiots are telling them there will be no jobs.
Let me know when we hit the age of automation then ;)
Yes, I accept reality.
That's because it is theorycrafting bullshit. Same crap luddites have been spewing for 200+ years.
I laugh at this. We are so far away from a robot that can do general work it's not even funny.
Yup, that's why I prefer people just save up their money so they have an emergency fund. You know, like responsible adults.
Exactly my point. Coming up with nonsense about magical AI's taking all our jerbs is not reality.
I fully believe that real AI is possible, after all we are proof of it. However, if you think you can simply create an intelligent race of slaves I think you're gonna have a bad time. There are so many issues around AI that we haven't even begun to tackle that right now it is magic. As an expert when it comes to comp-sci I think a lot of people are drinking a lot of kool-aid right now.
&gt;your making one big assumption with your argument that is that the new work that people will create won't be able to be automated as well. No. You are making the crazy claim that some technology (which has not been invented yet) is going to make all future jobs obsolete. That's utterly ridiculous. It also completely ignores human nature. &gt;Furthermore, you could read Manna by Marshall Brain I've read Manna multiple times and have conversed with Marshall about it. I also believe in technology being a technologist. I'm not disagreeing with people that we are going to have great technology. I'm disagreeing with the asinine idea that "this time it's different" and somehow human ingenuity will be derailed. In the world where robots make everything for free what's the value of an object hand crafted by a human? Start thinking outside the box a bit. I think the future looks a lot more like the Australian project than it does everyone living in a small room in giant prison dorms. Read manna again, basic income is the dystopian outcome in that story.
That sounds like pure gold to me.
Bio degree is a waste of time. If you are cross discipline it will be much faster to just go learn the stuff you need to know on your own. Getting a degree is time consuming. You don't need to know the map of a cat to write stats code analyzing genetic sequences.
Bio people tend to get paid crap. Just regular bioinformatics processing stuff in a lab isn't going to pay that well. You need to be developing new algorithms and creating IP that has real value.
&gt;which is making so many young people not just pro Bernie, but actively anti Clinton Now all they need to do is actually vote. Which they don't seem to want to do...
Doubtful.
no?
By and large young people at the population that votes the least.
If you want to change the world my opinion is that you should leave Australia and go where the action is for your particular interests. I'm Canadian but immigrated to the US when I was 21. I know a ton of expats from Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK that came here to try and do big things.
That's fine! I know plenty of people that are happy to just live a nice life. I've always been insanely ambitious and doing a million things at once. I've started 4 companies in 8 years, 3 of which are still going strong. I'm trying to be involved with anything involving AR/VR, big data/ai, iot etc.
Except they aren't equivalent at all. It's more like saying the child slave phones are tasty, delicious and "the norm" for phones in society. The non-child slave ones are like phones from 15 years ago with no touch screen. People don't buy the argument that vegan food is the same, because it's not the same. In fact for most people that aren't vegan, most vegan food is pretty gross.
Perhaps this would make an even bigger impact. I suggest all vegans check out this web site, it's really the logical conclusion of their thinking. http://www.vhemt.org/
I typically stay at the Chateau when I visit Ottawa. It's a really great central location. The hotel is a bit dated but still decent for a quick visit.
Finance math is basic, you are correct there. But finance itself is not that simple. It's more a question of what strategy people should follow and then having the discipline to follow through. Neither one are really taught in school, with some exceptions.
Waste. Of. Time.
Personally I disagree. I don't think most people understand personal finance very well. A good chunk of our population is extremely stupid when it comes to money. The math isn't the issue it's the strategy. They don't teach that in school. People make bad decisions, especially when they are young. Running up credit cards, buy houses they can't afford, especially lots of idiots buying cars they can't afford, people not saving enough in general and definitely not enough for retirement. Living paycheck to paycheck. Lack of emergency funds. There are so many basic mistakes people make and then make excuses for.
I don't think you are really the problem though, even cashflowing some stuff puts you ahead of a lot of people. Personally I've always worked hard on making the shovel bigger and not sweated the small stuff.
&gt;is basically just spending less than you make You do realize this isn't a given and that not everyone agrees even with this, right? Many people go into debt and think it increases their lifestyle (when it really does the opposite in the long run). &gt;and expecting schools to raise fully functioning adults rather than putting that on parents/family/life experience. Ultimately schools can only do so much. This is why kids with successful parents have an advantage. They are already being taught good strategy for the most part. This type of education is even more important for poor folks as they will need to be extra disciplined to dig out.
Instead of frugality I think about it more as being financially disciplined. I consider myself disciplined but I am definitely not frugal (e.g. I drive nice cars, live in nice places etc) but I am still hardcore disciplined about FI.
&gt;People can then learn the intricacies of finance as they move on in life. With all due respect this is awful advice. High school graduates are immediately presented with a lot of complex financial decisions. If they don't have great advice from parents then it's critical that high school cover this material in depth. For example how to pay for college? Debt? How does choice of career effect financial stability? etc. etc. This is when the solid basis for a good financial life begins. &gt;It's obvious that people should not buy things they can't afford. Given the massively levels of poor financial management we see in society I think the evidence is very much in the other direction. &gt;People intellectually know that they should not live paycheck to paycheck and should save money for emergencies. Ridiculous. Explain why almost have of americans can't even come up with a few hundred in cash. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/jun/09/hunter-schwarz/47-say-they-lack-ready-cash-pay-surprise-400-bill/ &gt;At some point, some people are going to be poor regardless of how much financial acumen they have. Being poor is *not* the same thing as poorly managing your finances. Circumstances can make you poor, but if that happens that's when it's the most important to manage your resources properly. Fortunately good management can make even the poorest relatively better off which is why we need to educate people on finances.
&gt;Frugality is about getting the best price for something you value. Ok, then I would consider myself frugal under that definition.
&gt;Losing all your savings and house and moving back in with your parents doesn't count as a failure I guess... Correct. What you do next is find a job, collect up some money, make plans and try again. I guarantee you'll have learned a few things form the first time around. Rinse/repeat. &gt;Don't forget luck and privilege. Luck is simply preparation meeting opportunity. Privilege is a big part of it. Living in a western country with a functioning economy where there is enough freedom to innovate and create businesses is indeed a privilege.
No?
Ok, in what housing market is a house liquid and fungible?
Pretty cool stuff. The earliest headset I used was the predecessor to this where Valve used fiducial markers on the wall. I saw that summer of 2014 at Valve. We started Envelop right after seeing that demo.
Finally, someone that understands markets and economics. Kudos for some ideas that would actually help.
You wish. Having lived in both countries, and had immediate relatives working in hospitals your idea here is naive at best.
You try to open my door and pull me out of my car and I would feel pretty justified in using any force necessary to get you to stop, up to and including killing you.
Why am I not surprised this guy is storing musical stuff with you.
A mid-engine Corvette would be a travesty and not a Corvette. Also, I'm not paying $200k for a chevy. Sorry, but I'm just not. I already feel burned on the service side after dealing with them for 15 years on my Corvettes. If they want to work on a new car, do an electric sports car.
He's a control freak who is afraid you are going to be gone as your career takes off. He's seriously trying to manipulate you here, when he should be supporting your career. By trying to limit your career options he's trying to make you more dependent on him. I would tell him you are going to continue modeling whether he likes it or not.
It's much worse in most other cities people want to live in. Don't take my word for it, go shopping on the internet. San Francisco? Don't make me laugh. LA? Same shit. Even go up to Vancouver and it's way more expensive. Seattle is a relative bargain where you can still buy a decent house in a decent neighborhood for less than a million dollars. Crazy but true.
Red flags are just an indicator. One red flag doesn't mean that a relationship is doomed. There are indeed some special situations. However, this guy has multiple red flags.
So save your money? I think the subtext here is about ownership. He's right to not have you paying his mortgage because it could cause issues if you guys split up. Eventually if you get married that will change, but for now it doesn't seem like a big deal. If you feel really bad about, put an amount into a savings account that you would be paying him. Down the road you guys can do something great with that money (like pay off the mortgage or take a trip around the world).
Correct.
He didn't go public because he was afraid that they would have him assassinated. Being dead serious, he knew there were billions at stake and he wasn't sure who all the players were or how dangerous they were.
&gt;If the hyper-rich had any sense, they'd be all over this. Keeping the masses content is a good long-term strategy. Not to bone pick, but is this actually true? BI is a very expensive compared to hunkering down in a secure location.
Complete true story. Yesterday I met in my office with a guy named Bing and the building right across the plaza from us is literally where MS Bing is housed. It was a double bing.
&gt;5 million dollars is definitely "don't ever think about money." Says the guy who doesn't have five million. Also you have a lot of thinking in your post for something that supposedly doesn't require thinking.
There are no guarantees in life that's for sure. However, having a positive attitude and working hard are about as close as you are going to get.
I used to help my grandmother with the laundry back in the day. She has a SEMI AUTOMATIC washing machine that my gramps bought her in like 1970 or something. It was pretty much the old school version of this: http://www.whirlpoolindia.com/washing-machines/semi-automatic
We pay $2k a month for our health insurance (the employee pays zero btw) and that's simply reality. The prices are outta control.
The average new home right now is something like 2700 sq ft.
Yeah, back in the 70's it totally just worked like that. Or maybe you completely and utterly lack perspective.
Evidence for this?
Yeah, I don't know how they live in such tiny houses. When we lived in 3k sq ft we could barely fit all of our shit.
What do you expect, 10 years is still newb land.
I always ask people on a scale from 1-10 how good are their C++ skills. 1 being no experience and 10 being you are Bjarne. If you say you are an 8+, you are generally a liar.
I lol'd
I hear that's how it works.
I was being a bit sarcastic ;) I've certainly lived in much smaller houses than I do now. That's part of what drove me to work so hard, I didn't like it. I do think 1200sq ft would liveable for us, we would just have to get rid of a bunch of stuff. More to the point I don't want to live too close to other people...
There were plenty of cars that could go over 100k miles in the 70's. For example my dads 1974 AMC Ambassador that we drove for 13 years. Anyway my point wasn't about that, I was being sarcastic because he was painting the 70's as some kind of golden age, which is a crock of shit. I know, I was there.
They have nationalized many companies. That's socialism. They price fix goods. That's socialism. And on top of that add everything you said. Arguable those policies are mismanagement.
What part about the state taking over a bunch of companies directly is not socialism? I'm confused.
Yup, that's where I got one, although not this updated. I also got a t-shirt.
Ok, I don't really care what you want to call it, it's dumb policy.
You open your door for people at 1am?
I saw a dude in redmond standing on the corner with a gas can today.
Brilliant my ass. It's just an opinion man.
Drive in a way that makes the rest of us look good, not like assholes.
Yeah but rich people!
Amazon US carries a bunch of it.
The radiation shield is something I hadn't heard before but makes sense. I wonder if they will have other ways of generating gravity, even if only for a small section of the ship.
You aren't a grouch, we've all been burned.
&gt;If someone asks then why not answer? Because they will act like butthurt children. &gt;Not everyone views money in the same way, someone's goal might be to get to a job with a high salary so why can't he be proud of his achievements and tell someone who wants to know You can tell everyone! It's just not a smart idea though. &gt;Other people want to live their life with experiences and don't want/need a high paying job so why should the feel embarrassed by a lower salary if they're still happy with it? Because people don't want to be pitied. &gt;Obviously bragging is a different story but I just don't get the secrecy of it all, it's just a number after all. Lol. If it was only so.
This guy gets it. Apparently religious people don't understand the most basic parts of logic. That explains a lot.
I would argue that we are already in a post scarcity world when it comes to manufactured goods, food and information. Things that have real scarcity will never be free though. For example land located in a high traffic area.
Furthermore Dave DESERVED A BEATING BY YOUR HUSBAND. By you getting in the way it's going to make your husband think you are protecting Dave! The best thing you could have done was told your husband to take out the trash and give Dave the beating he deserves.
&gt;I think you guys need to talk a bit about why he would believe shirtless creepy neighbor over the woman he loves and has partnered for life with. Possibly because she stepped in when her husband was going to beat him to a pulp? Possibly because she didn't say anything when Dave made his comment? There are serious communication issues going on here that exacerbate this issue.
&gt;We can create land. Of course we can. But we can't create land at a place where it's already valuable. For example San francisco, manhattan, Seattle etc. What's already there makes that land valuable. &gt;Virtually, or like the Chinese are doing in the sea. Not equivalent. We can terraform mars too but it's not going to make a house in LA cheaper. &gt;The earth "mass produced" land. We can too, we just need to learn how. Sure but even then not all land is equal. E.g. created land on a coastline will be more valuable than interior land. &gt;Note also that land is only scarce because humans do not know enough to stop breeding. The demographic transition fixes that ignorance. It doesn't really fix it. We could have 1/10th of our current population and land inside a city would be worth more than rural land.
I guess that I'm just doubtful anyone would go to jail.
Mostly time and fortitude.
There will always be ups and down in the housing market. That doesn't say anything about the larger point of there being no such things as post scarcity when it comes to real estate. There will always be more or less valuable places depending on the utility available.
I'm completely fine with the idea that we have some regulations. Let's just not go overboard. I think we could build in some defense mechanisms to toughen up the government so that it doesn't go too far.
I think WA state may have something to say about that. Along with Oregon, Colorado and soon California.
&gt;Fermis paradox, we are here, nobody else is. With the level of technology advancement we have now, ruling other star systems will only be a few centuries away. The whole galaxy very quickly on galactic time frames afterwards. Assuming we don't fall into the same trap. Going multi star system isn't super simple. &gt;Either there is a big filter/smack down coming that all other civs cant pass or we are the first. Yup. &gt;As big as the universe is I dont think we are the quickest, and as resilant as life is I dont think even WW3 could wipe us and all others like us out. Luckily there are other options. Like there is life out there but we don't understand it. Or like moving between stars is just impractical no matter what the civilization. Etc. &gt;Elon Musk thinks were in a matrix, I think since there is a bible, and there is a God. I think that's mischaracterizing his position. Your position is nonsensical. You could use that same logic to reason your way into a bunch of religions. &gt;Also I didnt kill myself doing all the stupid things I have done, there has to be a God. I also have the 4 cutest/smartest kids ever so ya based on my DNA there also has to be a God. Weak arguments. Anyway, I did ask to hear your opinion so thank you.
Odd because I don't recall there being any stores in California that anyone can walk into and buy weed. It's still gray market / medical only. Bottom line, California is behind because they haven't legalized yet. Same with Canada.
&gt;The "Fair Tax" is the definition of social engineering. You're punishing people for domestic consumption. Feel free to attack any strawman you want since I never recommended a particular tax system. I'm talking about the design principals. &gt;Ok. Good luck living in your world of spherical cows moving through a vacuum. Good luck living in your statist hellhole.
&gt;I know my experience and my kids lack empirical proof, but personally its the strongest proof for me. I get that, I was just hoping for a more general good argument. &gt;Also you may look at the reasoning as strained, but every other hypothesis for the creation of the universe, or life is just as strained. The origin of life is in my mind fairly simple and straightforward. But I've done fairly extensive study of abiogenesis and evolution. The origin of the universe is a mystery. Adding a creator into that mix simply makes the mystery even more complex. It certainly doesn't explain anything about the origin given that we now have to figure out the origin of the creator. &gt; They have a few pieces of data that they wring every bit of meaning from and stretch them as far as they can to make headlines, or journal headlines at least. Ok? Just because nobody knows the answer doesn't mean god is a good explanation. It's actually a worse explanation than saying we don't know. Keep in mind I'm not even talking about the big bang, that's just physics. The real question is where did the universe come from and just saying "god did it" doesn't actually change anything. &gt;I would trust them more if they would say we measured this and we think it means this, but it could also mean this, or this, or this, There is nothing to trust, you can go look at the science yourself. We don't have a theory of where the universe came from at this point. Perhaps this is why you are confused about it. Adding god into the mix does nothing to solve this issue though.
&gt;The earth produces more land. The universe produces land from nothing. We just need to learn how. Again, THAT DOESN'T FIX THE PROBLEM. San Francisco, Manhattan, Hollywood, Tokyo all already exist and aren't going away. They certainly aren't growing more land. Hell they refuse to even build more housing on the land they have, mostly due to politics. &gt;Note that land is only "scarce" because humans lack the knowledge not to overbreed, but the demographic transition fixes that ignorance. No it doesn't fix shit. I'm starting to believe the people hanging out in this sub are just generally delusional.
I'll tell you what I wish, I wish that we hadn't used so many tools in our latest company. Winding down the use of them is even more painful. KISS.
&gt;Virtual cities. So real you and I could live in the same house, without running into each other. Knowledge is the only scarcity. Virtual cities will exist, but Manhattan will still be Manhattan. Look the fact is that there are always going to be things that are scarce. If you think virtual cities can completely replace real places I simply disagree (and I know my shit when it comes to VR).
&gt;This is how the demographic transition fixes it: the population of Tokyo goes down, and suddenly anyone can live there for free. Like Detroit: houses that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars a decade ago are empty, free, now. Even if the population of the earth was smaller there would still be variations in the value of particular property. This difference in value is all about demand, it's class economics and it doesn't go away ever.
Thank you for throwing out some of this stuff and bringing some good perspective. The social effects of smart phones alone are huge and moving fast.
This is a super easily fixed problem. Hire help to clean up regularly. Mic drop. Next time give us an actual hard problem.
&gt;I'm not sure if you realize this but not everyone has money shooting out of their ass to pay for something like this. Sure, but he stated he makes a lot more than her. So even if she made almost nothing a lot more means they probably have some money. Bringing in some help every couple of weeks to get the place in shape would make a huge difference. It seems like the stakes here are the relationship itself, is it not worth a few bucks? &gt;Also a spouse that is unorganized has more problems than just the visual of dirty dishes, clothes everywhere. Some people are just slobs. There are ways to mitigate this like getting help. If it's "you must not be a slob or we can't be together" then they should just break up, because peoples habits like this tend to be hard to change. However, if they can use some help to get the place cleaned up she may realize she likes living in a clean house. &gt;Marriage isn't just about sharing a house and banging a lot. It is so much more, you should help each other be better than you already are. Especially if you want to have kids together. Sure but you are just completely ignoring that I *am* suggesting a strategy to help them get better. Literally, bring in someone to make the house clean and fix the issue. Go from there. That's a strategy.
&gt;I like to imagine they'll treat us like parents or ancestors, and they'll take care of us like we would if our parents needed help. Except since they don't have all of the built in genetic baggage to do that it's unlikely that would be the case. &gt;At some point, real AI would have to understand empathy and the golden rule. This very well might be completely biased, but how can consciousness exist without the ability to put yourself in someone else's shoes? It's not biased, I think these are valid open questions. Do these AI's have free will? Why do we expect we can make slaves out of them? Way too many assumptions for me to feel comfortable.
So how does that not lead to inflation for anything related to such bullshit?
You are simply misinformed about where the danger lies then. Hitler didn't take over Mercedes Benz, he took over the reigns of power. &gt;I find your example of "praying to the great leader" to be outlandish and quite difficult to imagine. That is not an example of something that I am concerned would happen, in any country that I have lived in. Maybe you have lived in capitalist democracies then? Because I assure you there are plenty of people scared of offending their local great leader in the world.
Basic income allows people to not work bullshit jobs. Bullshit job turns out to actually be needed. So wages for bullshit job go up so they can find someone to do bullshit job. Now anyone who relies on bullshit jobs services need to pay more for that service. Therefore the costs get passed along to consumer. Now your basic income doesn't cover as much stuff as it did, so you need to go back to work to make enough to cover the bullshit the job supplies.
&gt;Allow people to pursue their interests and maybe, just maybe, they won't choose the path of violence How many of the attackers in Paris were on the government dole? Giving people free money is going to create more social upheaval, not less.
I have no idea what your point is.
So will bullshit jobs pay more or not?
&gt;My point is, that a needed job wouldn't be considered a bullshit job, unless something's going very poorly while communicating to the worker what his job is and why he's doing it. And that it's by no means hard to improve on that communication. You seem to imply the problem is on the employer side though. The lack of understanding about the job seems to be mostly on the employee side. After all, the employee is the one calling it a bullshit job. If the employer thought it was bullshit they wouldn't bother having someone do it. Maybe we need more specific examples to make any of this make sense.
Linux is one of the most popular operating systems in the world and is used by billions. It's just that they are using the variant called Android.
Care to expand on your thoughts here? We seem to have massive diversity of food around here. And where is the money going? Nobody is forcing anyone to buy factory food.
That's just a vast generalization. Factory farms treat animals like shit, but there are plenty of alternatives to that.
Nonsense. Rich people already have that. In most countries in the world rich people have as many servants as they want. Automation and improvements in production help the poorest the most.
What kind of a machine would we need to make it so that nobody ever has to work? That sounds... extreme.
Hahahaha... shah right.
&gt;In the short-term I think we should investigate policies and strategies for resource distribution decoupled from individual input. Why? &gt;We're reaching a point where what you can do for your country shouldn't and doesn't need to matter. Nobody said anything about the country. People work to make a better life for themselves.
&gt;In the end, they all kill animals long before their natural life span is reached, thus treating the animals like shit for food and other products that are unnecessary. Animal products are not necessary to be healthy and thrive. I know you didn't say they are, but 99% of people think so, which is why I bring it up. So what? &gt;The alternatives to factory farms are more expensive, and can't be expected to work on a large scale. It's simply not possible to meet current demand with grass-fed, free range (as a side note: most 'free range' as we know it is a bullshit scam, the animals are still kept in cramped conditions most of the time), etc. It would take too much land, first of all. Ok, so some people eat factory stuff cause it's cheaper. &gt;The demand for animal products needs to drop substantially in the future, simply because of how unethical the whole industry is and its gigantic negative impact on the environment. You don't get to decide what peoples tastes and wants are.
Sure, but manufactured homes are still basically similar, just built in a factory. My main point is that innovation in building techniques is stifled by "the system" as it's currently setup. For example try getting a construction loan for non-traditional construction. Hell just financing raw land can be challenging let alone asking a bank to fund something they don't understand.
&gt;Because I'm hoping for a day where "work" and "economies" don't matter like they do now. Because technological trends lead me to believe that how we spend our days doesn't have to define our quality of life. What is leading you to believe that? It just seems extremely disconnected from reality. &gt;But what they do to make that better life has to be valuable, or useful to other people, that's the context I was using the word country in. Ah, you meant market. &gt; Trying to hang a lampshade on the old Kennedy speech. Gotcha, I missed that. &gt; I'm suggesting that technology may very well mean that nothing some people can do will be valuable enough to justify their resources and that this day will happen far sooner than a large majority of people think. I think that day arrived a long time ago. There are plenty of people incapable of generating much value. &gt; I also think preparing for that day is something worth doing. You prepare for that day by making sure you can do useful stuff. If you want to create some excess value and give it away, feel free, that's what charity is.
&gt;And when the jobs the poor had, that allowed them to pay for some stuff, are gone, what then? In what reality are there no jobs for anyone? Thats a pretty extreme position to take. Furthermore if things are extremely cheap then people won't need a lot of income. I can envision a lot of ways of having this work out... &gt;It's not that there won't be any money, it's that it will be further concentrated to the extremely wealthy. They won't be wealthy is there is no market to buy their goods. I just don't understand how we can even evolve into that situation. Sounds like BS to me.
Yes, cut your losses. Holy shit these people sound toxic.
&gt; How is this possible with more people living than ever before? How can the total percentage of people needed to feed everyone go down? Those people are being technologically displaced. I'm well aware of technological progress, thanks for the history lesson. ;) &gt;It's easy to say they should learn to do something else. Things aren't that simple. The machines by design don't require as much input to maintain. Many many people don't even work with machines. So what happens with the machines isn't really that relevant. Although from what I've seen we are still a long way off from having self running and self maintaining machines. &gt; That's the point of them So all of those people need to move into other industries? They already have moved. Manufacturing is only a component of the economy. &gt;Feel free to check there's not many fields where globally you can expect employment numbers to grow. Because we haven't invented them yet. A lot of idle people is going to create a lot of new ideas isn't it? &gt;There very reason we build machines is so we don't have to do things ourselves. Somehow when the reality that there are more of us and more machines doing more of the the things is pointed out no one sees where the trends are going. Which is a lot of people that aren't needed to maintain or design the machines. We've already displaced more jobs than currently exist. Your math is faulty. You assume that no new jobs or things will be invented. That's utter and complete folly. If you apply your same analysis at any time in the last 200 years it fails the same test. &gt;As an example there are still tailors but for most of us are clothes are machine made and mass produced. Odd, I wonder what all of those factories full of workers make clothing are doing then. Sure the trend is towards automation but there is still a massive number of people employed (in 3rd world countries) making clothes. All this means is that clothes get cheaper. It doesn't have anything to say about al of the other things people can do. &gt;Now imagine that for say cashiers? Wendy's has a plan. How many people does this displace? Do you think McDonald's and Burger King won't follow suit? I think customer service (which is what cashiers do) isn't going away anytime soon. Basically I just don't buy the arguments. I think they ignore history. As a tech expert I know enough about the machines and the way AI works to think that most of this is just theory crafting bullshit. It also ignores basic human nature and economics. There is simply zero evidence that all the jobs are going away and plenty of history that shows it's bullshit.
&gt;Here's my argument distilled down to its essence. Then I'm going to play Fallout. Just stay away from the institute, I own that now! ;) &gt;The discussion on how to handle those changes should begin before we are blindsided by them. Well we are having the discussion which I'm totally fine with. However, I will oppose any particular scheme until it's shown there is a real issue here. So far we are quite far from that.
The most important part of marketing a game is making the right game in the first place. No amount of marketing can fix a game that people don't want to play.
You don't understand. If there is no market there is no wealth.
No problemo.
Sure, but what good does that property do you without the rest of the economy? What would this look like? Stockpile a bunch of canned food and live off of that? It sounds like nonsense to me.
&gt;Sure, but people are smart and are becoming educated on the issue. The demand for meat, and especially dairy is already reducing in the West, and that's only set to continue. The number of vegans and vegetarians is growing quickly. Sounds fine to me, I'm pro freedom like that. If you can convince people to just live on vegetables, great! More delicious cows left for me ;)
Yup. If you have people you will have markets.
Nope, no source code that I'm aware of. The IP is currently owned by Wargaming as they bought it after Atari went bankrupt. I assume they have the code.
&gt;Is a king not wealthy because he owns a castle, even if there is no market for castles? I LOL'd pretty hard when I read this. You obviously don't own any large expensive pieces of real estate. Do you know what it costs to maintain a castle? &gt;Is the queen not wealthy because she owns the land on which others toil? Not really? Without a free capitalistic market to make goods that queen will find herself living in relative poverty compared to the lifestyles that normal people live today and especially compared to the lifestyle of someone who is wealthy today. The best thing a Queen could do to make herself wealthy is allow he subjects freedom. This is exactly what England did and is a major reason it became powerful.
if they hold the title then they didn't give her a car. At best they are lending her a car they own. That means they can take it back whenever they want, it's not an actual gift.
&gt;I acknowledge the differences between genders, but I do not think they are important enough to form policy So you are against separating sports by sex then I assume?
Nothing more, or that's part of their makeup? Cause I know an awful lot of women and almost universally they want babies.
Perhaps he was highlighting the difference between individuals acting in their self interest vs state power and mob rule.
I think the reddit steretype is more Bernie Bro which is pretty opposite to a heinlein bro.
&gt;So it's only in their self interest if YOU agree that it's in their interests. To a great extent yes if you are on the pro freedom side that is the thinking. If you just let people put whatever they want to a vote of the majority you will end up with an all kinds of crazy shit. The whole idea of a constitution is to protect the majority from themselves by putting some hardcore rules in place about what the mob can vote for. I personally don't trust joe average not to vote for stupid shit. See current election for evidence. &gt;Do you REALLY not see why I find this entire argument wholly hypocritical? No I get it. However, there is subtlety here and I do think it's a bit more complex that that. You are boiling it down to "if you believe in freedom to let people do what they want that also means you should support them voting for stuff" and that does sound hypocritical. However, I don't think support of democracy is implied in libertarian thought at all. It's more about restricting government power that stops individuals from pursuing their own goals, not about empowering the public to force everyone else to follow their goals. Anyway I do get your view on this.
So would you let men play in the women's leagues, or just nuke the women's leagues?
I'm pretty certain that pretty much reflects his view, but who knows, he's been dead for almost 30 years.
&gt;Except then the problem gets even murkier. Sure does. I don't think the answers here are simple. You can see a lot of different thoughts even within the libertarian circle. Personally I think we need a strong framework within which people can make their own calls. The framework is there to protect us from each other, not to protect people from their own dumb decisions. &gt; Unless we're talking about one of the fringe anarcho-_____ist variations, a government needs some sort of leader(s) at the top. For international relations, war-related decisions, and probably law enforcement, if nothing else. And if democratic processes aren't trusted, then we end up with an unelected bunch of autocrats telling the people how free they are. I happen to agree with you. At best I'm a small l libertarian. Furthermore I think Heinlein would have agreed as well... &gt;And if democratic processes aren't trusted, then we end up with an unelected bunch of autocrats telling the people how free they are. I fundamentally don't trust democratic processes personally. That's why we try to put them in a box by having an unbreakable, or extremely hard to change framework like the constitution. In practice it probably hasn't been strong enough. &gt;(Free as long as they don't try to change things above their station, anyway.) And free to leave I suppose. Regardless true freedom is just as much as fantasyland as true socialism or true any -ism. &gt;The one question this style of libertarian government can never answer is "Who watches the watchmen?" Hence the separation of powers. An important concept methinks. &gt;At the end of the day, arguments along these lines almost always end up in a form of Nietzscheanism with a handful of self-appointed supermen -like Prof de la Paz- declaring themselves to be the only people who can be trusted to make the Big Decisions. Hopefully they end more with some kind of constitutional republic that can run for a couple of centuries before the machine gets too gummed up. Then you have to reboot it ;) &gt;So instead of a large group of people forcing everyone else to follow their goals, it just becomes a small group of people forcing everyone else to follow their goals. Meet the new boss . . . Basically the human condition and civilization in a nutshell.
&gt; I personally do not adhere to this school of thought. I acknowledge the differences between genders, but I do not think they are important enough to form policy. VS &gt;If I was president of both a male league and a female league, I would ban biological males from the women's league, and allow women in the men's league. How do you reconcile those statements?
Or maybe you moved out because you are remodeling. Would there be an exception to that? I think there is a possibility to screw a lot of people accidentally if they don't examine it in detail first.
The government can't just fix it by fiat though. It's not even clear that foreign buyers are the only issue here. They may cut down on demand a bit through this tax, but the real issue is long term housing supply.
&gt;Well, I'm pretty much just in the camp that says "Democracy's only virtue is being better than the alternatives." As am I, but I think the structure of it matters a great deal. Democracy just an idea not an implementation. &gt;I tend to think the best way to prevent any single group from seizing power is to spread the actual power so far and wide that it's extremely hard to seize at all. That's why I tend to distrust libertarian-style solutions. They (generally) pretend that not having a government makes all government-style powers magically vanish when, no, it just means whoever has a lot of money gets those powers with few or no restrictions. How so? Most of the abuse I see of markets is led directly by the government and is really private businesses controlling that government power. So I agree, spread the power and limit the power. Don't give the government 20+% of GDP to spread around to their cronies. &gt;(ie, the benefits of Freedom of Speech are largely curtailed if it's possible for a single magnate to buy up the vast majority of mass media companies, thus restricting access to methods of speech.) I just disagree with that. What's to stop people from starting new companies to air their views? The only thing in their way for the most part is government inhibition (e.g. spectrum control etc). &gt;As such, I think one of the "best" -relatively speaking- features of modern democracies is the general bureaucratic tangle that comes with it. An inefficient democracy is one that's unlikely to be terribly reactionary and less prone to "mob rule" problems. Yeah I just disagree on that one. A large unelected bureacracy is not a good thing. &gt;And as you say, a strong constitution is certainly needed either way. But I'd suggest that a sufficiently entrenched and unempowered bureaucracy is potentially even stronger, when it comes to preventing too much power buildup in any one group\sector. How can it be unempowered? Explain?
You didn't answer the question. You say you don't think the differences matter enough to effect policy, yet you seem to be setting policy based on the differences. Your entire post here is trying to explain how they are different and why that changes policy. Pick a side!
&gt;When I said I didn't think the differences were enough to base policy on, that was in reference to the ideology that would segregate roles (both ways) in the military much further than they already are. Only women fighter pilots. Only male infantry. That view goes on and on, trying to optimize the military. My disagreement comes from my opinion that they are not looking objectively at War prosecution in total. The pragmatists see the noticeable differences between the sexes and use those to fill roles. I think we should look at the roles themselves, and see if they are inefficient. Adding women to war fighting is a new concept, at least on a large scale. It is possible that a more effective military would arise using a synchronicity of the differences between men and women. Ok, nothing here that I really disagree with. &gt;The fixation with my "not enough difference to make policy" in context with everything else I've written seems like a "gotcha" accusation. Well yeah because I thought you were being inconsistent. And I immediately thought about sports where the differences are highlighted.
&gt;Which means any deduction, credit, or break that a person receives in taxes is absolutely a gift from the government, very similar to welfare or other state assistance. That's a pretty twisted view of reality.
No it's not.
&gt;No, in this example, the burger has already been eaten. But I ordered the damn burger. Voluntarily. So a discount after it's eaten is nice but unexpected. &gt;I can't tell the government: "actually, I'd rather not receive the benefits this year" and then not have to pay taxes. Exactly my point, it's not voluntary. If I go to your house and steal a bunch of your shit, and then give you back some of it that's not a gift. &gt;It's not my "own money" if I already owe it as a debt. That's extremely twisted.
If I was him I would offer to pay to help get it cleaned up. It helps her. It helps him. Win/win. Welcome to city living. It's why I live out in the boonies of the east side.
&gt;But we do! Every single benefit that you get as a citizen is able to be provided due to taxes. That's simply false. The free market supplies many of my needs without the government needing to "help" it. &gt;Without those taxes, government would collapse and we'd have nothing. No, without SOME revenue the government would have a hard time running. But it sure doesn't need as much as it gets now. &gt;I'm talking everything from roads and bridges to schools and hospitals to military and police forces to national parks and beaches to food and environmental safety regulations (the list could go for miles). Again, if that's all they did most people wouldn't complain. The stuff you just listed (other than military) is a small fraction of the budget. &gt;ALL of those things are the benefits of citizenship. And ALL of those things are paid for with taxes. Sure, but how much other stuff is crap? I really don't need to be paying this much in taxes to get the benefits you describe. In fact most of the roads are paid for locally anyway, not with federal cash. We don't have income tax in my state and we still have roads. Nobody is saying we don't need the government to have some money to do it's job. But there is plenty of room to argue about how large a burden we should be willing to accept. As I get older and pay more in taxes I ask harder questions about where the money is going. I'm unimpressed with how most of the money gets spent, not to mention them borrowing even more on top of that to blow.
&gt;That doesn't make any sense. I said every benefit that "you get as a citizen". As in benefits provided by the government. One of the benefits I get as a citizen is the ability to make a deal with someone else. It's not the government supplying that. &gt;Just for fun, let's rattle off a few more. Why bother? &gt; And even if you personally don't directly benefit from all of them, that doesn't mean they aren't worthwhile. In my opinion many of them are not worthwhile for anyone. &gt;It's interesting between your situation and mine. I used to think like you when I was in high school and college. Then, with every year that has passed, and as my paychecks get bigger and bigger (and therefore my tax burden), I can't help but wonder more and more how on earth we continue to live with historically low taxes instead of instituting stuff like universal healthcare. Odd because I don't feel like the taxes are all that low. The more I pay the more I question what the hell they are doing with all of that money. I could easily purchase all of the services for less than what I pay in taxes in the private sector if the government would get the hell out of the way.
No investor is going to sign an NDA to look at your idea. It doesn't work that way.
Yeah that was my sarcastic way of saying the same thing.
I lol'd and I wear a YG YM2.
She's traditional and wants you to take care of her. If you don't feel that you can live with that she may not be the girl for you.
While I love Terry this isn't always true. Let me give you an example. A lot of people convince themselves they need a new car. Then they decide they need some kind of electric or hybrid because "it will be cheaper to run" or some other excuse. However, when you do the math the cheapest way to have a car is to buy beaters and run them into the ground. With cars buying an expensive top quality brand isn't going to save you money. This applies to a lot of things. Yes a rolex is a super nice watch that will last forever, but they charge you for it! I'm a complete hypocrite when it comes to this stuff btw.
Going to this would be a huge mistake. I implore you to not engage with these people.
So you think it would be cheaper to buy a brand new car? Especially one that's electric? A beater is like $3k (ok I paid $3800 for the last one). A new car is like $30k, although people often convince themselves to buy something more expensive especially if it's a hybrid or electric. Maintenance on a beater is changing the oil, maybe the occasional repair. If you calculate it on a per mile basis the new car is just going to be ridiculously more expensive, whether or not you do the mechanic work on the beater or not.
Ok, let's use 20k then. Whatever number you use it's going to be cheaper to drive used beaters. Why would anyone who is trying to be frugal spend $20k on a car? &gt;but you also lose time when you're forced to take it into a repair shop every other week. Modern cars simply aren't that unreliable. Even new cars need regular maintenance. To me it sounds like making excuses to spend money because you want something nicer than a beater. Trust me, I get that, I drive a very expensive car, but admit that it's a splurge not a necessity. I could easily get away with driving the beater if I had to (and it would save a ton of cash). The beaters are what the teenagers drive btw, so I do have experience with it both ways. The beaters are far far cheaper.
I'm down with an $8k car. Still way cheaper. As you point out a bus is even cheaper ;)
Sure it's cheaper, but it's not cheaper than a beater. How much did this car cost?
&gt;No, but about the same cost/mile. No it's not cheaper but it has the same overall cost per mile? Are you simply removing the capital expenditure form the picture or what? &gt;Old cars are great if you are or know a pretty good mechanic to deal with basic things but believe it or not people selling cars (and correspondingly, blue book prices) know about how much of their useful life is left in them and price them accordingly. Obviously you need to shop around a bit to find the right car. &gt;If you don't need anything bigger than a compact hatchback you can get a good, durable, new car for around the 12-14k range. Even full size sedans can be found in the upper end of that range. I'm not sure what light trucks and SUVs run but I'd expect they're not too much more unless you need something to do heavy duty hauling. I can buy a lot of beaters for that and I have. I just don't see how buying a $14k car is going to be cheaper than the $4k beater. If it breaks and is going to be expensive you buy another one and are still ahead of the game. I think people like driving new cars. I know I do. But you really have to twist things to make that be considered frugal. Again, total hypocrit myself anyway since I drive a ridiculous sports car to work every day and make the kids drive the beaters.
Well now you've taken my position. Buying used is cheaper.
$0? You'll have to show me the math because I want one now if it's free.
It was like a corn sformato with a nuclear explosion of truffles shaved on top. Sounds weird but it was unbelievable. Quince in SF was one of my favorite overall meals.
The appropriate colored towels go in the appropriate colored bathroom. We use black in the master. We just have a bunch of black towels we share although we each will have our own towel because we often shower at the same time. The rest of the house just uses the towels in their bathrooms that were bought to go with those rooms. No sharing since everyone has their own bathroom. BTW this is kind of a weird topic.
&gt;The armed forces have failed to protect the constitution because its officers are corrupt and wealthy, there is no confidence in them by the people. To give an idea of the military corruption there are 5000 generals in Venezuela. It's all corruption and patronage. A country of that size should have 1/10th the general and actually probably less.
&gt; The beater is far cheaper to total out after someone mess up something important. Interesting point. Basically some scenario modeling for different car uses cases. &gt;It's also worth noting that if you can do some of your own mechanic work or know enough to judge the mechanical condition of a used car, you can find better than average deals. My point was more that the average deal on a random used car isn't vastly superior to a new car per mile/year like most people seem to assume. I'm very technical and we also have a good independent mechanic that we've worked with for a long time. I think we may be looking at something like a 1-2 year old kia or something.
Existing.
&gt;I'm sure there are some folks who get some good out of it If it's a quiverfull church then I wouldn't assume that. &gt; but the cynical side of me thinks it's a great form of brain washing. That's because it's brainwashing. Classic.
Well she's not wrong. They are cults. But so is her church.
Wow brother, you have more dedication than I would have. I would have noped the fuck outta there and that insane family, not worth it. Glad it worked out.
Once or twice a month simply isn't going to be enough sex for most 32 year old males. One or twice a day is probably closer to the real frequency. I'm guessing your sex life is kinda stale and that is probably one of the factors here. There isn't really enough details to try and be specific but I would try initiating sex every day and see what happens.
The only real difference between a cult and religion is the size of the audience. Also it's completely "fair" for me to criticize religion, we are all entitled to our own opinion. I think it's completely fair to paint religion in general as cultist which it clearly is if you look at it from the outside. The entire thing is a control mechanism whether it's a small cult or a giant cult like the catholic church.
I'm ok if she can go no contact with insanity.
&gt;Saying "Personally though if I was having sex once or twice a month I would get pretty unhappy pretty quickly" is fine. Ok. &gt; Claiming that is true of all healthy 32 year old males is not. You are misquoting me. I said "most" of them. And I stand by that statement. You this less than most (let's call it less than a majority) would be fine with 1-2 times a month at 32? &gt; There are many perfectly healthy people for whom that is fine. Sure, just not most. Some people are completely asexual, that's fine. But on average 1-2 times a month at 32 is going to be on the low side, low enough to make people crankly and seek sexual release elsewhere. I also find that women in particular don't understand these issues well because there is some major biological differences going on here. At 32 1-2 times a month is on the far low end and could be contributor here. I stand by this for any healthy male.
&gt;Ohh well that a completely different story.he was asking for a c5z not a zo7 lol Yeah the C5 will definitely be a lot cheaper. &gt; I am upgrading to a c6 z soon but the consumables cost is still insane on them. Tires are still the biggest thing although brakes aren't super cheap. When I was driving my 2009 Z06 I changed tires about every 15k miles or so (once a year) and it cost around $2k. Don't underestimate the cost of an oil change either. 10+ quarts of mobile one.
Define respectfully. Is any criticism allowed at all? Where is the line? Reddit is used throughout the world where standards are vastly different across many cultures. So which culture are you using to define civility?
&gt;I personally did not like the c7z it felt too tame for me. I like a raw car with rumble and power. The c7 felt more elegant and tamed like a Ferrari. The c6 still felt like a vicious animal with bloodthirst. I have to disagree. The C7Z is a serious step up in ferociousness. The new exhaust note is a lot more snarly. &gt; The c7z was fast but dosnt give the same experience as the c6z. Plus I can't afford a c7z so thats that. Lol, I think we found the real reason ;) &gt;I am I between a 2000s viper and a c6z and I really want the viper since its not too common and more of a exotic You may be looking for different things in a car than me, but I would never go for a viper. But I use my Corvettes as daily drivers. Anyway I put about 50k miles on my C6Z and it was great. Fantastic car. And yes the C7 is more ferrarilike I would say (the car I would compare it to is the F12 but 1/5th the price).
&gt;you don't seem to understand. cults DO NOT let you leave. period. no catholic priest ever killed his entire congregation to keep one of them from leaving. That's just hyperbole. &gt;i'm going to end the conversation here: whether you personally find theistic belief as a whole to be "brainwashing" ignores the fact that religion in its myriad forms has persisted since mankind was capable of drawing on cave walls. Yes, memes are very powerful conceptually. Language itself is a meme and religion is simply an example of a type of meme. We will always have memes with us but it doesn't mean we have to accept particular ones. We should try to push ideas that actually make sense. &gt;people believe because they WANT to believe, because it fills a psychological need. I think that's one particular view but it's not clear that's the whole picture. People are relatively easy to influence, especially when they are young. People are curious. Add those together and you get a recipe for people taking advantage of others through brainwashing. &gt; some people don't have that need, good for them. but you're not going to win anyone over to your side by aggressively insulting something that has for millions of years served as a crucial part of the human psyche. Lol, when did I ever say I was going to convince anyone. You can't reason someone out a position they didn't reason themselves into most. Religion is very blatantly false and illogical. So are many other ideas. How true an idea is doesn't have a lot to do with whether or not you can convince someone to believe it.
The regulatory situation makes that unlikely.
Oh games! Anything I would have heard of?
Redditors tend to be young, so yeah. All the action happens on corvetteforum, not here. Although that forum has the opposite demographics of reddit and can be annoying in the other direction.
At what lifestyle equivalence? I'm sure you can live cheap in a place if you live like the locals. But that's not what most people are picturing.
So many reasons. So so so many reasons. Anyway if you make the animation/physics accuracy your goal you can do it. However, now you are moving the player around based on "realistic" physics which is limiting from a gameplay point of view. In most games the character that moves around is some kind of physics object. A lot of games simply drive the animation directly from the physics. E.g. you have a vector going in some direction. Orient the player towards that direction and play a walk animation. Blend between walk/run based on length of movement vector. Some systems are a lot more complex than this for 3rd person stuff, some are simpler. Each game generally does it's own thing.
Sounds like anywhere really. Although I prefer living in a mansion.
Jesus. I could do without all the religion stuff. However, he's not so in my face that it bothers me, but he's definitely not correct on that stuff.
Yes, lie. You have our permission. Also your Mom sounds insane.
Why are you taking a $5k investment? How much of the company are you giving them for that? If you want to be even partners with your friend a simple LLC could easily do the trick.
I'm concerned that a basic income scheme could easily end up like the dystopian ending in Manna. Basically millions of people stuck on the dole unable to break out of the situation, trapped by the government in drab public housing. If the robots actually make everything the prices will come down to the point where people won't need to work much. I would rather see job sharing than a basic income.
&gt; We need to break this idea that everyone must work. Why? I mean obviously not everyone needs to work now (my spouse doesn't for example) but families at least need a way to take care of themselves. Personally I think it's important for mental health for people to have at least some part in taking care of themselves or their family. YMMV.
&gt; is to learn a lucrative skill (software, physician, etc.) &gt;especially as a young person with not much experience. Your story doesn't even make sense. &gt;For each one of the start-up and rental / flipper real estate success story you'll hear about, there were 100 others that broke even, at best. I wouldn't suggest flipping real estate as any more an ideal business than anything else. If I was making recommendation it would be to find something you are actually interested in and make a business out of that.
&gt;This is all on the assumption that someone has an idea or thing that someone else wants. Not at all. It rests on the assumption that you can figure out what people want, which is completely different than what you are saying. &gt; The "start your own business" line is complete bullshit because not everyone can do just that. They sure can, and they do. Maybe people are too stupid to figure this out and that's what you are saying? &gt;There are other factors to consider besides "I want financial freedom." If that's not the goal then I agree. Not everyone cares about that, in which case I don't recommend starting a business. &gt; Shit I want to walk on the moon naked without any sorts of ramifications, but the fact is that is not going to happen. Yes this is an apt analogy. Starting a business is *literally* impossible. Very smart of you to figure that out. &gt; Just generally stating start your own business is the equivalent of stating just be born rich. You are a true genius to keep coming up with these bang on analogies. &gt;Completely idiotic and too general. I don't get to decide reality, just live in it.
&gt;You see, I think that's bull****. The reason it's so necessary is because of strong social conventions linking social status and self worth to work. That's why those who don't work are in such bad mental health situations, our society puts them there. So we disagree? Beautiful, that's diversity. &gt;Also, UBI is a way to achieve a minimal standard of living. Keep in mind what sub you're on. I worry that it will trap people at that minimal standard of living. I've seen this with people in my own family. To me everyone living on the dole is a dystopian outcome. One man's opinion. &gt;The thing is, we need to make work voluntary. If you wanna do it, fine, cool, but please don't tell me that I have to for my own good. That's the kind of mindset that gets you to your Manna dystopia. It's already voluntary, plenty of people choose not to work. &gt;The common thread linking what you fear in Manna, and what I have an issue with your mindset, is this kind of benevolent paternalism in which other people tell you what's good for you and what you should be doing in life. That's not my attitude at all. In fact I'm not unsupportive of a basic income, I would prefer it to the current system. I do feel that people need to work to feel valuable. Or at least they need some kind of mechanism to fill that void. &gt;You have on the left, statism based around these ideas of providing for people directly, telling them what they need, what they are entitled to, and people are not free to say no. I see basic income as statism in action. How is it not? &gt;Your idea is this idea that everyone must work for their own good, which, from my perspective, is just as bad, and really rooted in the same kind of mentality. How about just reality? If you don't care of yourself why should anyone else? Why should I foot the bill for a bunch of people that aren't willing to put in the work themselves? &gt;True freedom gives people the freedom to live their lives as they choose. I couldn't agree more. Why are we interfering with them by giving them free money? Conversely who is paying for this? You also need to understand that I don't agree that we are on the verge of some post work utopia powered by robots. As far as post scarcity goes manufactured goods and food reached that status during the 20th century. Even the poor in the USA have a huge amount of material crap and a lot of food. However, things with true value like decent real estate are as expensive or more expensive than ever. That's not going to change anytime soon. Basic income will not ever be enough to buy a house in San Francisco (unless they start building giant manna dorms ;) I'm completely supportive of replacing current welfare schemes with a basic income scheme, but this isn't something that is going to benefit the average middle class person much.
&gt;There will always be a thing a person can do that other people will term 'valuable' and with which they can get ahead . Agree. &gt;This abstraction of value, fundamentally, is all money really is. One of the things yeah. I see money as basically being liquid value used to keep the economy flowing more easily. &gt;UBI would mean a lot more small businesses starting because people would take the leap they normally wouldn't because they would know their basic needs would be met. Ok, how? Can you show me some numbers on how this might work? Because I don't see it. The little bit of money that BI would supply isn't really the barrier to someone starting their own business. Almost anyone who would be successful in business can save up for a few years to give themselves a BI while trying to get a business going. In fact I did that myself. So I don't buy that there are a frustrated class of entrepreneurs out there just itching to get going except for that lack of BI. If that is stopping them they are fucked already before step one, because it takes more lot discipline than that to be successful in business. Or are you talking about a bunch more people making shitty homemade jewelry and putting it on etsy? They don't seem to be stopped right now either...
Except it won't. It's a retardo idea.
I get it, you are like all the other marxists. It's magic! 45% tax rate just to pay for BI. Nice try.
Quote from your link: &gt;To give some disclaimers, I will admit, first of all, that I am not an expert on the federal budget, nor on tax policy, and as such, my ideas may have some limitations if put into practice I think this sums up your utterly and completely delusional analysis.
At least I'm not proposing retarded stuff like flat 45% tax rates. You even admit in your analysis that it might be hard to collect. Ya think? Seriously dude I think you understand how naive your analysis is. Can't take the heat don't put shit like that up on the internet.
&gt; You sound like some dude who has no clue what he's talking about and is in over his head. I'm a fairly successful entrepreneur who has been around the block. I've been studying issues like this for a number of years. I get that you don't like my confrontational style, you probably went to a university with too many trigger warnings and safe spaces. &gt; It's that you don't have an argument outside of "hurr durr this is stupid." Ok, my first argument is that you are assuming that we can raise significantly more in taxes as a percentage of GDP than any time before in the history of the republic, by quite a bit. I notice that you didn't actually include any numbers for that but when discussing tax schemes it's generally done. For example historically we've been able to capture around 20% of GDP (and are just a bit below that right now). Your plan calls for quite a bit more than that. In fact you call out towards the end that it might be difficult to raise taxes that much. What makes you think we can raise significantly more than 20% of GDP? So when the tax revenue fails to appear under your scheme what's your next move? In other words the amount of money you want to raise is unprecedented and likely impossible to get out of the US economy. Do you disagree with that? Let's go deep on this issue. Then we can talk about further objections. Here is a chart showing some historical data on this. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._Federal_Tax_Receipts_as_a_Percentage_of_GDP_1945%E2%80%932015.jpg
Sure, but that doesn't mean you can't make it by starting more than one business. I've started eight, five of which are gone. Those kinds of statistics aren't unusual for successful people, riding a business into the ground is practically a right of passage. Your attitude sucks pal.
Except that we are talking about a lot more money. I mean, if not then why bother? There is a lot of unsaid stuff when it comes to BI. The idea seems to be a lot less people working though...
&gt; but Im not sure we've seen anything before like the magnitude we could be facing. Since you seem unsure let me correct you. We've already been through much worse than this. 200 years ago most people were farmers. Anything we do now pales in comparison.
&gt;Firstly, Im not sure we're referring to the same thing (what you refer to as "this"). I am a software developer and so by "this", I mean, the changes I see occurring within the next 30-75 years. I am not referring to any changes or trends in the present. By "this" I mean AI/robots eliminating all the jobs so that people don't have work to do. &gt; Im interested in what happens when manual labor can be performed generically by machines. Let me know when that happens. There are so many assumptions going on there that it's almost nonsensical. The only general labor machine we have right now is a human, and not even every human can do every job. Are you suggesting we are going to make something smarter than the average human? Are you furthermore suggesting that these smarter than humans are going to become our slaves? And do it for free to boot? I'm just super skeptical and I have the technical background and connections to be involved with AI/machine learning etc.
&gt;With regards to inflation though, if UBI is done through taxation rather than printing money so that the same amount of money stays within the system, how could that cause inflation? By shifting money around you shift demand. Increased demand means that the good will go higher in price if the market doesn't respond with increased supply. However, some things can't be produced easily. For example housing. Give everyone $1k a month and suddenly people can afford nicer places. So prices/rents go up, and now everyone is back where they started. Just one example, a real analysis would have to look at a bunch of factors, but simply when you shift money around you are going to change the supply/demand curve of a lot of stuff (including labor btw, I would expect the cost of labor to go up which will cause a lot of stuff to cost more to produce). &gt;Your concerns and other concerns besides are exactly why I believe it should not be a lot of money to begin with. It should be a system that is phased in slowly over time, one where we can stop it or cancel it at any time. Start with whatever small amount you want, $100 per month, $50 per month. Monitor the effects, and raise it each year as long as it appears to not be causing harm. Lots of government programs are phased in slowly over time like that. I would support an immediate change along those lines that was revenue neutral with respect to current welfare spending.
&gt;Please reconsider your communication strategy. Sticks and stones.
Inquiring minds want to know!
Your feelings are right on the money. Your mom is manipulating you to stay in a bad situation. Embrace the change and move out. She will get over it.
&gt;I personally hope to see more people and brands moving back to automatics for everyday watches. If anything it seems like smart watches are going to take over. Which sucks. &gt; I see plenty at jewelry and higher end watch stores (omega, Hamilton, toss or, etc). To me it is a tradition and a very functional one at that. Unfortunately I think people don't want to pay the cost and associated maintenance. Oh well.
I knew we had to ship on Mac and so I switched over to that for dev.
And they sit in the left lane going slow as F. In a prius.
So basically in agreement with what I said.
&gt; NIT is more targeted and efficient. Couldn't either one of them be setup to give the exact same amount of benefit though? Based on how much income you get them vs tax rates? &gt;I'm in favour of a basic income, but I'm not in favour of UBI as that policy. UBI and NIT are not the same policy, and you can't use them interchangeably. I'm still not sure I really agree. Couldn't you make the numbers work out the same either way? Personally I'm in favor of a revenue neutral policy that gets rid of existing welfare programs for something simpler.
Sure but you could change the math to make either one cost the government the same. E.g. with UBI you get 10k but you still pay taxes so there is some breakeven there. Just setup the math on the NIT the same way. I'm not sure why the method matters that much?
&gt;The method matters because of the spending implications involved. Spending 25% of GDP on basic income and hoping you get half of it back in taxes doesn't seem very efficient to me. The only thing that matters is the net total cost. How the money flows doesn't seem that relevant. &gt;The 13k number from the survey was based off of all government spending, and 1k a month is going to do much to help people (so you need to increase the amount being given). Unless you're planning on running a massive budget deficit (again in the neighbourhood of 25%+ of GDP) a NIT is going to be more efficient at helping people (and providing more assistance in general.) Again, you can make the numbers work out the same way. The total cost in terms of GDP can be the same, it's just mechanics of how you give the money out. Not sure why it matters.
&gt;It's still inefficient. I don't see why you don't provide something means tested as opposed to giving everyone money, then hoping you get a bunch back. NIT your costs are more known. I prefer the NIT implementation, so maybe we got our wires crossed here. &gt;How can you make the costs workout the same way? If I'm providing everyone money, the costs are going to be higher. Sure I can provide a specific number of people an even larger amount of money, but that doesn't seem to be what you're advocating for. You can make the numbers come out the same through adjusting tax rates. Just include the BI in the income statement and set rates appropriately. &gt;NIT has less impact on labour supply than a UBI, since with a NIT you're always better off. I still think you are confused about the math. The actual expense can be the same either way.
I still think you are misunderstand it. Either program can be setup to have the exact same net benefit. It's really just a math thing. &gt;A NIT means you will always be made better off if you continue to work. UBI doesnt have that, Yes it does. In either case you will always have more income if you work. Perhaps you can show me some math?
&gt;Then why give everyone money and not just target the poor? This again comes back to "were gonna spend a bunch of money on transfer payments, and hope that we tax enough of it back". I feel like we are on completely different wavelengths here. UBI: Let's say we cut a check for $12000 to every adult. Then we have normal tax rate for additional money they make. At some point they reach a breakeven where they have paid more taxes than the $12k and they are not longer benefiting. NIT: We set it up so that people get a $12k refund if they make $0. As they make money they get less benefit. The break even point of both of these can be at the exactly same income level. The way you distribute the money is irrelevant. It's how much money each person is getting relative to their income. In both schemes people who make more money pay additional taxes and at some point switch over to being a payer instead of a payee. If you cut me a check for $13k I still paid way more in taxes than that, I'm not getting a net benefit. In other words they are both the same if you adjust the numbers to be the same. I don't understand what's not clear or what you don't get that. &gt;Literally the reason Friedman advocated for a NIT was because it removed perverse incentives (as in, where a minimum wage worker who earns a little more nets out with less income because they are ineligible for new aid). Sure, but that's comparing to means tested welfare programs which are another kettle of fish.
I would show him right away. Why doesn't he have your back here? Does he take his marriage vows seriously? Honestly this is the kind of shit that causes people to break up.
&gt;but thats assuming that your able to keep UBI to the same net cost. EXACTLY. You can make the math work out to cost you whatever you want a distribute it however you want. It doesn't matter whether you do it by sending everyone a check and then just letting people pay taxes or whether or not you calculate it at the end of the year as a refund. Either way the math can be made to work out the same. The goal is to give people a minimum income right? Let's say it's $12k per year. Once you start earning more money we started to tax it at some rate. Let's say 25%. Eventually if you make enough you will have "paid off" the basic income in taxes and stop being a beneficiary. It doesn't matter when you do that calculation, just that you can set the numbers to whatever you want to make the income curve work out the way you want.
Who knows, he may be renting that lifestyle with a bunch of debt. He wouldn't be the only one. In that case when your income goes, bam your entire lifestyle can crash down. If he owns all that shit outright though? ;)
&gt;But youre assuming zero behavioural change. Youre assuming that people wont work less to keep more of their payment from the government. Youre assuming that getting 12k from the government would maintain the current tax base. No I'm not. I'm just pointing out that you can make the math work either way. Conceptually they are the same thing. Anyway it's clear that I'm incapable of getting this point across and I doubt anyone else cares.
Bullshit.
Well, yes and no. It's not like homeowners have a direct line, there are plenty of people involved in the process. Regardless it's government POWER that's being used. One neighbor can't tell another neighbor to not build, but they can sure lobby the government to do it for them. Around here the county is restricting how much cities can expand because they don't want people commuting. Every regulation in place makes housing more limited and expensive.
How expensive is expensive then? I live in the Seattle area... perhaps your city isn't as expensive as you think? Are you also sure it's that easy to build? Have you done some construction yourself?
Or we can have massive housing prices and a bunch of completely homeless people.
I'm sorry but the road upkeep can't be where the money is going. I seriously doubt that's the case in Texas.
KSP taught me a lot about rockets for sure. It's pretty sweet.
Partly because a lot of cities specifically try and stop "sprawl" which works but results in more expensive cities.
&gt; I think it's OK to want your community to make the most efficient use of land. Zoning laws are justifiable. But they aren't trying to make efficient use of it. In fact they are trying to do the opposite, stop their neighbors from building higher density on the lots they own. &gt;Well, I do. It's great but you don't own it the land. Anyway I'm much more of a freedomist than your typical person so it's not unusual for me to disagree on this kind of stuff. I don't want centrally planned fuckups, let things evolve. I'm ok with the chaos.
My great-great-grandfather was a blackwatcher that fought in the ashanti campaign in the late 19th century.
Bullshit. They have stolen a ton of companies and turned them over to their cronies and fixed prices on a lot of goods. Classic socialist tactics which always lead to the same failures.
Doing something instead of nothing and not stopping if something didn't work.
You don't live there and have no responsibility to supply internet to anyone else. Cancel already.
What do you do that puts you in a position to meet so many CEO's and judge them? Just curious.
E.g. it's not part of the goals of the country but a philosophy some people follow. Good for you, feel free to lobby for it, but for now not everyone agrees that this communist idea is a good one.
Would you not agree that there becomes a point when it's too much? For example if you paid 100% of your income in taxes would that be robbery? I would argue it would be. So at what point does it go from robbery to being fair? What level of taxation? It's obvious at some level it becomes robbery.
You think there is a free market in telecom services in Canada? That's insane, it's super regulated, mostly in favor of large companies.
Nobody? Lol. Being a CEO is something to aspire to, not slam because life isn't fair and you didn't put in the work.
So you are openly calling for class warfare? Ok then.
&gt;So they don't use roads? Their company if it has any sort of physical product requires a large highway infrastructure to support their supply lines. What if you run a software company where 90% of income is from exports? &gt;Do they not use health care? Their company's bottom line is affected by every employee sick day that could have been prevented. Employees pay for their own healthcare, as it should be. &gt;Do they not use power? I mean I couldn't imagine a company in this day and age that didn't require electricity from the grid. Last time I checked they charge you for power. &gt;Do they not use education? Nearly every employer requires a high school education. Again, people pay for their own education and reap the benefits of it. &gt;Do they not use welfare programs? Every company that pays works less than a livable wage are reaping the benefits of an undeclared government subsidy. So when I hire people i"m using welfare programs. I think you are seriously mixed up buddy. &gt;So when you say to me that the rich are the least likely to benefit from government programs, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. And you come off as someone from planet venus.
So then at this point you have reversed your point.
It's pointless to argue with these idiots. They've never built anything in their life. They just want to vampire off of what you do. It's part of the reason I moved to the states.
Are they living in a trailer down by the river?
I'm well versed in philosophy. Tax rates have already gone far beyond anything supported by actual reason.
I've owned all of them and they have plusses and minuses. I just got really sick of rowing the gears in stop and go traffic.
You are nuts if you think that. When you perform a task there is a certain amount of value created. If that value is less than you get paid that's not going to be sustainable under any system.
You might actually have to accomplish something first, good luck with that. I think the first time you write a huge check you will start questioning where the money is going.
&gt;If in return the government provided everything I could ever want or need, then I wouldn't consider it theft. Ok, then you are delusional because that's clearly theft.
You hire a 3rd party to do the manufacturing for you until you are big enough to scale.
&gt;I agree that the upper class can be reached much more easily if you start from the middle class than if you start from the lower. I was poor. They were middle class. So what? The point is they put in the work and paid their dues. Making money isn't some secret, start businesses. &gt;Not trying to be a dick here, but this doesn't sound successful. It sounds like you had 8 failed attempts to start a business, each of which you were the 'CEO' of. Keep on telling yourself that ;) Meanwhile I'll continue to live in my mansion and drive my sports car. &gt;In fact, it sounds to me like you're a good case for what I'm stating. You started poor, worked your ass off, and from what I can tell based on this post, you're still struggling with starting a successful business. Wrong. &gt;At the same time you are working on the board for companies owned by people, likely your friends, or people younger than you, who are trying to start their own businesses as well. Wrong. &gt; (A guess here, please correct me if you are on the board of a large, publicly traded company....). Nope, but that's the minority of board positions in existence by far. &gt;I think the narrative holds up just fine. Except you are completely wrong about everything here! It is possible to actually be successful, amazing isn't it!
&gt;The government exists to protect society and societal values, which includes the right to food, shelter, clean water. It does not exist to protect individuals or corporations, this is how the constitution was written for the US, and almost all other modern countries have some similar verbage. You have this almost exactly opposite. Please quote the constitution if you are going to make claims like this. &gt;Without governmental policy, the wealth gap expands - and as this happens, the rights of the "have nots" decrease. It's how capitalism works at it's core... ask anyone in economics. It's easier to make money when you have money, and make money doing less actual work. Again, this is your interpretation. If I "ask anyone" they won't agree with you here. &gt;Any business exists to increase its efficiency. This is again false. &gt;Without these stops in place, things like slavery would be acceptable. Some would argue that we do live in kind of a modern day slavery were the vast majority of people can barely afford to live at a fairly low standard for food/shelter/water, while the wealthy - those who run these companies enjoy a standard of living that is exponentially higher. And the people arguing this would be wrong. We enjoy a far higher standard of living than our ancestors. Not slightly here but we are hundreds to thousands of time wealthier than the average person before the industrial revolution (which was capitalist btw). &gt;The problem is that when you let the markets run the world, businesses will do everything in their power to reduces costs and increase profits. This could be through paying the lowest possible wages, or outsourcing everything, using every tax loophole available, and employing automation at every level. And the benefits of this ultimately go to consumers. How do you not understand this? The computer you are using couldn't and wouldn't exist without capitalism. &gt;We exist in a world where human workers are not required, Completely false. &gt;and the need to employ people is decreasing at an exponential rate annually Completely false. &gt; Half of all jobs in the US are related to transportation of goods, or as a service. Self driving trucks are just around the corner (look into Uber Transport, we are less than 2 years away from the first self-driving logistics vehicles to hit the road). Please quit poorly quoting vidoes that are themselves not well sourced. &gt;That means that half of jobs are being replaced with.... nothing. Trucks are built by robots, driven by robots, and managed by robots. Those jobs are not coming back, nor will they ever. Completely false. At best this is a theory some people have of what could happen, not something happening now. &gt;So things like minimum wage increase... I agree... these are stopgaps. The bigger problem is societal collapse do to lack of income opportunities in a very short time if something is not done to address the issue that humans are simply not needed for many things anymore. We are moving towards a post-scarcity society in a very short time. Post-scarcity is bullshit. It makes no sense and never will. I would argue we are already in post scarcity when it comes to cheap manufactured junk and food. Land is always going to be scarce for example. &gt;Capitalism, and free markets have created a world where humans are not needed anymore to create anything.... whether this is a world where everyone is taken care of, or a world where the wealth gap reaches astronomical levels... that's the real question. This is an unsupported conclusion at this time. Basically almost everything you've said is flat our provably wrong, or just conjecture for things that haven't actually occurred. Are you purposefully trying to just be wrong?
You see them as the same thing? Rent seeking is using government power to direct money to yourself. Capital gains is the return on an investment. Can you explain how they are related?
&gt;Well, I won't spend too much more time on this, but by your own admission, I wasn't wrong at all. You do not sit on the board for anything in the range we're talking about in this thread (large companies). Gimme a break, seriously. I never claimed to sit on the board of a public company and that was never part of the discussion. You asked about my bone fides and I supplied them. I do in fact meet with CEO's of large companies ( I recently met with Satya Nadella for example). So bzzzt you are wrong. &gt;You have not been successful by the measures in this thread (been a top paid CEO, or like your friends, sold a business for millions). I could write you a check for a million dollars right now. If that doesn't count, well then you are delusional. &gt;It sounds like, at best, you've done well and landed comfortably in the upper middle class. A nice leap for a poor kid from the streets of Ottawa. Meanwhile, putting in the same effort, your middle class friends have landed in the lower to mid upper class. Not surprising considering where they started. Again wrong. &gt;I never said it wasn't. What I said was where you start largely dictates where you end up. And it's generally so. Although there are exceptions, your case is a good example of that, even if you won't admit it. Except you are simply wrong!
&gt;Being paid for doing or creating something = A-OK Being paid for having money = Less A-OK These are often one and the same. For example, imagine you get a computer a you write a software product that you then sell. Let say it makes a million dollars. You then take this million and you hire 10 people to work on a new product. Now, you could have taken the million and spent it, but instead you invested it in something new. That new product than makes more money, some of which you take as profit, some of which you invest. There is work happening all the way along here. Most capital gains are simply deferred profits which have been reinvested. They aren't evil by any stretch. &gt;Your mind is very very clearly made up on this, so no, I cannot. Because I literally can't figure out what you are suggesting as an alternative. Don't allow people to invest? Take all profits from investment? What are you suggesting exactly? Make sense with an argument and I could change my mind. However, I seriously doubt you have an argument other than "rich people evil, poor people good."
Go google it pal. France has double the unemployment rate of Germany. France is ripe for a turn to the right, we shall see how the upcoming elections go but many reformers are running and potentially expected to win. France has been in slow decline for decades.
Ok, so what method or objective rule are you using to determine fairness? Or is this just your opinion?
&gt;If you want to reference the constitution, then you quote it. You are the guy claiming there is all this crazy equality stuff in it. Doesn't exist, so hard to quote it. &gt;I'm saying... reality... there will be essentially no jobs 20 years from now. I Do you realize how retarded this sounds? People are not horses. &gt;I'm not saying that this is a bad thing, i'm saying it's going to happen. So what's your solution? My solution is to wait for this problem to actually appear before trying to address something that doesn't exist. We've already automated more production (many times over) than existed previously. Automation is a good thing and makes everyone richer by making more products available at less cost. Those benefits accrue to people and this has been happening for 200+ years. People who think all jobs are going away are ignoring basic fundamental principles of economics and human nature. Again, people are not horses.
&gt;So you are saying that there will be the same number of jobs available in the US despite automation? Or are you stating that automation isn't coming at all? Or are you saying that automation will create more jobs despite the fact that historically, it doesn't? The economy has constantly shifted and this has happened for 200 years. You are the one making the crazy claims that all of the jobs are going away, not me. Look at the number of jobs today that nobody could have even imagined 100 years ago. Not look at the jobs people could not have imagined even 30 years ago. What's a web site? What's a web site designer? What's a programmer? No imagine, just imagine, that there might be jobs in the future that don't exist today that you cannot anticipate without a crystal ball. &gt;And your point that people aren't horses.... they kinda are... and that's the whole issue. Except they kinda ain't. Horses are almost 100% about physical energy and power in what they do. Humans are almost 100% about flexibility and adaption, at least in a mechanized economy. Horses can't even clean toilets let alone do anything that requires thinking. &gt; People think that people will never be outdated... I would never say never, but I certainly don't see anything on the immediate horizon to be worried about. &gt;but clearly we don't build railways using thousands of slaves doing manual labour anymore. Exactly. Instead we use our brains to make machines. Machines that make the men doing the work more effective. The less people that are required the more chance those people have to go and do other productive things. &gt;Technology fixed that. Define fixed btw. Because there are in fact people today building railways, they are just more efficient. &gt; if AI removes the need for drivers (which it will)... then what? Then those people are free to do something else. Are you suggesting we are going to run out of things to do? Current rates of consumption on a worldwide basis are still very low. We could easily produce 1000x as much stuff as we do and still have demand to meet. If transport becomes cheaper because there are no drivers people will use more transport services. They may even build no businesses on top of this ability. Are you saying we need to predict the jobs of the future? Are you saying that if we don't predict them now they won't exist? How would such a thing have stood up to the past? Are you saying 100 years ago someone could have anticipated web designers? Basically your argument is one of ignorance. OMG, some jobs will go away from automation therefore ALL jobs are going to be gone and we won't invent any new ones. Do you not realize your position here is extremely radical?
&gt;That we have the resources and technology today to freely provide a basic dignified living standard to all peoples and do not because "we cannot afford it", it's patently crazy. Which we are you talking you talking about? If you live in a first world country you are already part of the problem. Apparently you give away all your money until you are globally average? There are billions of people living on less than $10 a day. The only way those people are going to rise up is through more productivity, not through redistribution. &gt;My argument is that we should utilize accessible resources and existing technology to create a radical abundance of the necessities of life, provide them freely to every human, and then encourage people to pursue their own definition of success. I cannot tell you exactly how such a system would facilitate investment, but I envision it being much closer to Kickstarter than the casino it is now. If you live in a western country you already have all of this opportunity. I don't think your scheme changes much. &gt;I make this argument with a sense of urgency because we empirically know that the rapid displacement of workers as a result of a technological paradigm shift will create strife and tumult. But I am absolutely convinced that business as usual, even business as usual with some half-assed lip-service for the poor tacked on, is doomed. It's ok, you are allowed to be wrong. I personally think what you are advocating for has a much higher chance of ending up as a dystopia with billions of people reliant on the government for handouts and no chance of rising up because we destroyed our economy. I would be much more on board with your idea if everyone agreed to do a basic minimum amount of work to take care of themselves and others. E.g. you get a basic income but you need to work at least one day per week helping the community as a tax. Use that time to each people skills and get them motivated through accomplishment. The goal here being that everyone is actually as self sufficient as possible. Paying people for sitting around is a really bad idea for a lot of reasons. You see a bunch of budding entrepreneurs, but I think the reality will be a bunch of people smoking bud and playing videogames.
I have no problem with people unionizing.
&gt;You argue that "people can just go create value like they always have", my point is purely that this is not possible like it was before. Sure some people can, and always will... but you seem to think that "new ideas" are infinite, and that anyone can just go out and pick up programming. That's because new ideas are infinite. As for everyone picking up programming, now you are starting to understand! If we get to the point where we have intelligent computers anyone should be able to direct them to do interesting things. Imagine what kind of possibilities that opens up for creativity. Automation also means things like cheaper and easier bespoke manufacturing. So now I can talk to my computer, have it help me design a sophisticated product and then still make money selling a more limited amount of units. You don't see how that could spark some economic activity? &gt;If there's anything i've learned in all my years in very high technology jobs... it's that the vast majority are simply not capable of keeping up with technology, and there's nothing you, me, or anyone can do about it. Again, I think you are lacking perspective here. The complex technology can be build to enable access to joe average. &gt;Anyways, good chat. I disagree with you on many points, but I appreciate the banter either way. Sadly I think I like to argue too much. Always happy to agree to disagree.
&gt;The cost of this investment also can not be deducted from the income from labor, nor can any other costs (e.g. commuting, parking, job specific clothing and cleaning, etc.) Arguably it should be. The reason it's not is because the government are greedy bastards who want to collect as much as they possibly can, so they get to decide what to do with the resources and not you. &gt;In turn I do not see risk as a reason to tax capital gains more favorably. If an investment results in realized capital losses these can be deducted from realized capital gains in the future, which is already a big advantage over how losses associated with labor are treated. That's fine, but it just means that people are going to invest less. You obviously think investment doesn't have a benefit for society. BTW by invest less I don't necessarily mean you have money sitting around. Every person who owns a company makes a choice about how much risk they want to take with reinvestment. If the gains on the other side are taxed the same as taking the money now you are going to shift people to taking the money now. Especially when tax rates are likely to go up in the future. E.g. I can hire more people now to try and increase the value of my company or I can just take the profits and buy a ferrari. The more you tax returns on capital the more you tip the scales. &gt;What taxes should the government levy to fund itself? This is whole other topic that gets into a lot of things. What should a government actually be doing is really the question. I personally think government can and should be a small fraction of it's current size in which case it's need for tax revenues go down massively. If you do want taxes some kind of VAT with a rebate (rebate takes the tax burden off the poor) makes a lot of sense. First off it removes the need to examine anything other than business finances. Secondly it taxes consumption, not investment and not labor itself. A VAT also handles imported consumption as well. Personally though I would advocate for something more radical like a voluntary tax system. Most services would cost the money it takes to supply them with subsidies for the poor.
Don't worry, anyone who does great things takes a lot of flack, I'm used to criticism ;)
&gt;My issue is mostly that this means "They die off." Nobody is letting anybody die off in America. &gt;It's different this time because the technologies we're dealing with are orders of magnitude more widespread, and have permeated to the very core of our societies. That's right, it's magic like star trek. Gimme a break. &gt; That's a waste of potential IMO. Again, we aren't letting these people starve now. Get a grip. &gt;Well, I disagree. Then you are objectively wrong. There are more jobs available than unemployed people. Unfortunately most of these unemployed people are poorly educated so they likely need to start working on that. I'm all for helping them do that. &gt;Yes. Progress is good all round, even when it's disproportionately hoarded by those at the top. Your statement is factual, it just leaves out the important bit. Except the benefits are not proportionately at the top. As usual you are massively conflating things. A higher percentage return on capital doesn't mean all the benefits are going to the top. Most of the benefits of modern manufacturing go to the consumer who can buy the product for a cheaper price at a higher quality level. The leftover profits are small compared to that benefit. How much did a car cost in 1700? 1800? How about a computer? How about an axe? How about a shirt? Go do some comparisons and you'll realize the average person is literally thousands of times richer than before the industrial revolution. We need significantly more production on a global level to bring everyone up to a reasonable standard of living. People have a vary large capacity to consume these improvements and we still have a long way to go.
Ok, so then how is that opinion justified? Don't you think we need some kind of objective standard that everyone can agree to?
Very similar to a lot of work we did for Planetary Annihilation. Very nice stuff.
My wife and I listen to Dark Side constantly still...
This is super fucked up. You need to start taking control of your own finances immediately! It's not like she is being cooperative with you anyway.
My backyard.
To me this is the classic sub. I've had one for about 15 years and you will love it. These days my wife mostly wears it but I still love this watch. Enjoy.
Basically you create a "steering pipeline" that integrates the flow field with local information for each agent to do avoidance. This handles dynamic objects and other off behaviors. So basically the flow field is only one input into the agent. At that point it becomes all about tweaking how the different elements interact. There are papers written on this stuff but I don't have the reference handy right now.
I find it funny that these threads always bring out the death lovers. You know, those who think that advanced medical tech is somehow a bad thing. Feel free to die along with your loved ones idiots. I'll take advantage of whatever medical tech we develop.
&gt;I agree with you that advanced medical tech benefits humanity, but who is going to pay for all these retired people who are too old to work, yet so healthy they live until they're 130 or so? First off this is a strawman. Secondly that's a minor issue compared to curing aging. &gt; Just somewhat realistic. Nah. I used to believe that too. But this is bringing out some raw instinct in people. I think the human mind literally has a built in need for death. People rationalize why they are against it but ultimately the concept makes some subset of people really uncomfortable. Maybe it's because we are talking about mortality and that's just an uncomfortable subject. So I stand by my statements.
You still need to recalculate the field when the goal changes, unless you are already in the goal "sector" depending on your implementation. Think of the flow field as the first approximation of the correct direction you you still need to do some active steering if you want complex behaviors. You will be rebuilding flow fields quite often btw and have multiple sets of field for different sets of goals and units. BTW there isn't a magic bullet here, these systems need a lot of tuning. I was never satisfied with our end result, I was just more satisfied than other techniques I've tried.
Nobody wants their kids to be skeptical. Otherwise they might not believe all of the horseshit their parents feed them.
Yup and a lot of people agree with you. I think it's a topic that people have an immediate reaction to and generally don't think about from a logic perspective. Personally I see aging as an arbitrary quirk of our biology. In the long run I want to ditch the biologic body altogether.
Sorry but that's not the case at all. I'm actively involved in making shit happen, not some pie in the sky kid. The fact is that this subject is something that a subset of the population has an innate objection to and is not rationally discussed in most cases. I think some subset of people have a complete revulsion to the idea of extended life spans, so they come up with any reason they can to bash the idea. I you went back and read any of my posts you would see that in general I'm skeptical. For example I don't buy any of this crap about machines taking all the jobs in the next few years. etc.
And this is why basic income would become a dystopia. The same people that would need to rely on it are the same people who aren't responsible enough to deal with it. Handing out free money to idiots is the same thing as handing a loaded gun to a child.
Good point, the child probably won't be able to reload the gun. Whereas giving idiots free money is going to be a multi-generational problem. Can you imagine a USA where most of the population is on the dole, their parents were on the dole and their children will be on the dole? That's a dystopia.
&gt;Automation will also further drive down prices as no matter how cheap a human becomes they will never be cheaper than a robot for many tasks. Can we at least keep this to non-science fiction? The technology you are talking about may exist one day, but it certainly doesn't exist today.
Given the small percentage of the population that applies to I don't see how it's at all relevant. The vast majority of the population would be net losers under a basic income scheme. Anyone who makes a decent middle class living is going to have to pay into the scheme to make it work.
&gt;If you're on the dole, you must commit a lot of time to seeking specific kinds of employment that might not be very productive, and coordinating that effort with mandatory correspondence from the labor office thing. You mean when you are on unemployment? Or are you claiming ALL benefits fall into this category? I don't think it's at all unreasonable to force people to look for work, especially when on unemployment. &gt;You're further not free to make a much money due to high clawback rates, so the basic incentive to pick up work, to obtain a better standard of living, is not particularly present. I completely agree welfare is fucked. Wait, that sounds like my argument. &gt;You're further not free to pick up an education or apprenticeship, oftentimes. There is simply no excuse to not educate yourself when the internet exists. None. There is simply too much free education available that's valuable at this point. &gt;Basically, on the dole, you gotta maximize your availability and commitment to menial labor jobs to maybe out-compete robots and chinese imports a little longer. I haven't watched the movie 'I, Daniel Blake', but heard it might be a good watch for getting some perspective on the system design (and criticism of the movie seemed to focus on criticising that not every person is like the people portrayed.). I'm not talking about turning people into millionaires here. But there are many many people who don't put in a serious effort to find a job because that would be work. I know plenty of these people personally so please don't try and tell me they don't exist. The more comfortable you make welfare the more people you are going to have taking it. And no I'm not talking about welfare moms, single mothers who's loser impregnator isn't supporting them are one of the few classes of people that I would personally not force to work. But guys don't have babies, so get a fucking job.
I'm fine with tweaking the system to avoid income discontinuities if you really think that's the issue. Although that is one issue I don't think it's the primary one by far.
&gt;I doubt we will every completely replace humans but we will drasticly reduce the number of humans needed. You mean like we've already done many times over? We produce a massive multiple of stuff per person today than 200 years ago. Yet we still have jobs. So odd that. &gt;Even look at "Complex" jobs such as being a lawyer. There are many many less lawyers because most of the research that job needed to do are done by complicated algorithms. Great, think about all the smarts that going into lawyering and lets apply that to different problems. &gt;I don't see the end of the human work force but I see the end of many many jobs. Also Janitors are not as hard to place as you think. The sad part is that we are seriously talking about replacing a janitor, one of the "easiest" jobs people do. And we can't do it yet. &gt;We need significantly less Janitors then we used to thanks to powerwashing machines for floors, better materials that don't stain as easy etc. Sure, and we will probably need less in the future. But not none. &gt;It isn't about only robots its about that fact that industry is designed to operate with as high a profit margin as possible and that means as few workers as possible. So what? You seem utterly clueless about economics. All this means is that we can produce more stuff with less people. There are literally BILLIONS of people living on less than $10 a day. How about we increase production so they can live a normal life?
Very cool, now where can I buy the roll for my player piano?
&gt;Why would you be upset that people who are productive pay more taxes, that's what happens now already (well, it should anyway). I am already upset about it. Taxes are outta control. &gt;Your definition of people who 'can't cut the mustard' are "idiots", is anyone who has lost their job an idiot in your view? Nope. But temporarily unemployed people aren't all going to rely on welfare either. Responsible people save some of their income for bad times. &gt;This statement tells me you're more afraid that someone you viewed as an idiot might end up being smarter than you or being able to eventually earn more money than you. Nope. What I'm concerned about is that they will become reliant on the state and that my taxes will go through the roof because of it. We already have plenty of people calling for 70%+ tax rates to support social programs. &gt;Everyone would get the exact same amount. If you earn more on top of that you currently get taxed more. Could the math get any more basic? I hate taxes as much as the next person but I also enjoy well-lit streets without potholes, healthcare research, veterans care, and community services. I don't mind paying taxes. I do mind paying outrageous tax rates that steal the majority of my income and life's work. Certainly I pay far more than I get in any kind of benefits in terms of potholes. &gt;Actually, the existing programs are not cutting the mustard. They're far from it. Just ask the people in Flint, or ask people what it's like to live amongst the bum tent cities in San Francisco. So what makes your program any different? Are you going to give them way more money? If so where does it come from? &gt;You'd rather keep giving some of your hard earned money to the very richest who use it to increase wealth inequality further - instead of potentially funding the next new innovation, research breakthrough, or quality of life improvement for all of us instead of just an elitist few? In what world am I using my own money to increase the wealth of the super rich? You'll need to spell that one out. Letting people keep their own money is the default, not some weird state of things. &gt;Now you're just making yourself look like one. Meh, it's just an opinion. Almost every poor person I meet has serious personal flaws that make it obvious why they are poor. I know a few of them.. do you? &gt;Your assumption that they aren't trying everything they can to improve their situation is very far from the reality. Not in my experience. &gt;Do you know the phrase "barriers to entry"? You mean like high taxes? I sure do. &gt;This idea that if someone can't get a job or make enough to survive means they're idiots is far more idiotic than the idea of a foundational provision to reduce suffering and encourage improved standards. Anyone that can't make it in the current economy that isn't working like hell to better their education is an idiot. Obviously there are exceptions like invalids and single mothers with several kids to take care of. But overall people are poor due to poor decisions.
&gt;I'm not saying we won't ever have jobs, we just need a minimum wage to ensure those doing the "easiest job" are able to subsist. That doesn't follow. If a person isn't worth what you are forced to pay them then the job gets eliminated. But having a high minimum wage you are removing the bottom rungs of the job ladder so that people can't get experience. You do realize there are plenty of people who lack basic job skills right? I'm talking about things like consistently showing up on time. A high minimum wage means those people never get a shot. &gt;I'm totally not clueless about economics. If you believe that we live in a magical world where the laws of supply and demand rule you need to take a look around. So you are basically saying you don't believe in supply and demand? That's moronic. &gt;Just because there is more of something doesn't mean the price of it will drop. The real cost of most things are terribly inflated as company's want to make the most money possible. Complete and utter nonsense. Cite please. &gt;I agree that we should increase production, the reality is no one should starve or go with out housing as we have an obscene surplus of all of these things but we add an artificial value to all these things. We don't have a surplus when looking at the entire world, which was my point. We also don't have a surplus if we want people to have an very good lifestyle (e.g. upper middle class).
&gt;Ok, ok. How about a nice low level job? Like working at fast food or a retail chain. Shitty job but.. &gt;Unfortunately they are also getting automated and those that aren't don't pay enough for people to live. Not "live well". Just "live". These jobs have not been automated and are readily available. I do agree they suck but there are plenty of them around. I have two teenagers, both were able to easily get retail work. In fact a lot of these places have a hard time hiring enough labor or finding anyone of quality. Personally I think they pay too little and that bites them in the ass, but I don't manage a retail/restaurant store. &gt;Never heard of the "working poor"? It's definitely a thing! Sure it is. For the first part of your career you will work for less wages until you learn some stuff. SFW? &gt;How about they start their own business? Well, there is basically a 50/50 shot that it will last longer than 4 years. So start another one. I've ridden a few businesses into the ground but the ones that work out can be very lucrative. The idea that you can't start a business today sounds insane... it's actually never been easier to play around with business ideas and reach a huge market through the internet. &gt;If you don't like the idea of UBI then you have to point to how those who would get UBI would make a living. The same way everyone has already made a living. Do something useful. If you are literally claiming there will not be anything useful to do, you are delusional. Certainly that isn't the case in 2017. &gt;Because they will. Either by a UBI, productive work, or crime. People don't quietly go off and starve to death without a fight. Nobody is starving to death, let alone because they can't find a job. All of your concerns are theoretical and in the future. Today there is zero need for a UBI.
&gt;Certification is a major issue. Also demand for certified skills isn't actually that great, and poised to further decline as tools increasingly enhance skills of low skill workers. So don't get certified, learn how to do something that has value. Low hanging fruit would be programming / web design stuff. Most places could give two shits whether a programmer has a certificate or not. &gt;Just that we kinda lack the customer demand for that right now. Lol are you kidding me? The economy is kicking along right now. Do you live in Venezuela or something? &gt;And we lack the safety net for entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs jump off a cliff and build a plane on the way down. They need a safety net like they need a hole in the head. &gt;At least in my country, mandatory insurances can be a huge problem for those folks, and the welfare office doesn't like dealing with irregular incomes, which may come with a lengthy legal confrontation if mistakes are made. In other words the government is fucked up, as usual. Yeah that gives me confidence is shifting a huge portion of GDP to them to give out for free to people. Not. &gt; But yeah there's no excuse to not strive to improve your lot in society. Even moreso with a UBI. If you enjoy subsisting on some modest level so much, power to you, but I don't have to find that great. Nor would potential mating partners. I can tolerate it, however, and I can see why people would strive to make some sort of abstract or conctrete contribution to society, sometime, whether I see it or not. I can respect the potential of people unconditionally, to aspire to do such (and I can see good reasons for people to take time for themselves sometimes, and I respect that, too.). As much as we'll have to enable people to contribute first, and to me, that involves increasing aggregate demand, right now. If increasing aggregate demand is the issue cut taxes! There is a huge portion of GDP going into government coffers that is pissed away. People would spend that money if you let them keep it. &gt; It can be a foundation for people to do the political work to fix the systemic issues, whenever they should arise. Yeah because I want to empower a bunch of people who don't have their own source of income to push their theory of government. Sorry but no, that's a horrible idea. &gt; It can be the foundation for entrepreneurial work, that is still risk heavy, even if the customers are ready to spend. I disagree. Any UBI would be a pittance and isn't enough capital to do anything serious as an entrepreneur. If someone can't save up enough to live at a UBI level it's unlikely they have the discipline to run a business anyway. Anyway I get your argument here, I just think it's wrong. Helping entrepreneurs is a super lame excuse for UBI. People that want to start businesses and who are capable of it don't have a problem getting the miniscule amount of capital that a UBI represents. Furthermore once they do start making money they will pay higher taxes. The only entrepreneurs who are going to find use in a UBI are the ones who soak the rubes getting it.
&gt;As for effort, it's hard to expect effort when you can't earn significant money, and have to compete for jobs that don't imporve your income situation much at all. See I just disagree. People go to university for years to improve their skills and pay for the privilege. It's called discipline and sacrifice. Someone may need to work for 5-10 years to gain skills and improve to the point where they can make a great living. So what, that's called paying your dues. Been there, done that btw. &gt;Making welfare comfortable or not is only a concern when working doesn't propose much of an opportunity to obtain an economic advantage, compared to not working. Ergo if we remove welfare more people will work. Good idea. Personally I think it should be incredibly difficult to qualify for welfare. E.g. you are a single mother and the father is a deadbeat or you have no legs.
How does it stop the judgements before they begin? BI is a radical idea and most people aren't going to support it without some serious PR.
&gt; Inflation is easily rendered irrelevant through indexation, for example. You can't seriously be this naive, can you?
&gt;So in my first post I stated that if you push down the price of low wage labor enough you end up pushing people into crime. This is what I fear about removing the minimum wage. Why? This didn't happen before we had a minimum wage. &gt;Addressing your first point yes there are people who lack basic job skills but desperate people do desperate things. If you remove the minimum wage for low skill labor people will just see it as more profitable to take what they want rather than work for it. Look if someone is that screwed up we need to do more than just come up with a minimum wage they won't qualify for anyway. The current state of things makes it hard for a person without adequate job skills to become employed at all. &gt;I believe in the laws of supply and demand, if we lived in an unregulated world where people did not manipulate the supply of goods via regulation and stockpiling. An easy example is diamonds, which are worth nearly nothing but have horribly inflated because of people manipulating the supply. Nobody is stopping you from mining diamonds and selling them for whatever you want. I think you'll quickly find they are not as underpriced as you think. Regardless I'm not trying to claim people never manipulate markets. They try but many of them get their asses handed to them. By far the easiest way to manipulate a market is to get the government to intervene on your behalf. This crony capitalism is enabled by the huge amount of power we give the government. &gt;Raisins(bleh) are controlled by a group of producers and those who grow raisins and sell them all, therefore lowering the price are subject to all sorts of government fines etc because of this You have this completely backwards. Government has screwed up depression era rules about raisins that distort the market. Remove the wacky regulations and the market would resume like it does for any other commodity. &gt;I am sure many other products are controlled this way. Yup, almost all of them because of government regulation. Government has distorted the hell out of markets at the behest of lobbyists and even consumers sometimes. &gt;Also we do have a surplus, not through out the world though we easily could have one if we desired. I would argue we do desire and it's not that simple. In most cases the thing keeping people poor is their shitty corrupt governments. &gt;We should instead be allowed to work on creative pursuits.(this is a fantasy world that will never come about) There are 168 hours in a week. What's stopping you from being creative? As a creative person myself I have little to no sympathy for people that don't take action to follow their dreams. What's stopping you?
&gt; https://medium.com/basic-income/how-a-basic-income-would-reduce-taxation-bbc2b5d13b35#.3wahso4ox Interesting article although I don't live in the UK so the situation is different here. For example a quote: &gt;If we assume a flat rate of tax of 35% across all the forms of income counted in the figures above That's significantly higher taxes than I pay now for capital gains for example. So it's a tax increase, or at least it would be here. The US also spends a lot more stuff on other things apparently... Not to mention borrows another trillion or so per year. &gt;Still, how are taxes stealing the majority of your income? As it stands today, the more wealthy you are, the less they seem to pay taxes.... But really- maybe you are an NIT and don't even realize it? http://www.scottsantens.com/negative-income-tax-nit-and-unconditional-basic-income-ubi-what-makes-them-the-same-and-what-makes-them-different I'm nowhere close to NIT. I typically pay six figures in taxes. &gt;Nevermind the unemployed There is no situation in which I would want to subsidize someone who is employed. Although we already do quite a bit of that. If wages go down in general the solution isn't to redistribute wealth, it's to find more valuable things for people to work on. &gt;There might be a few people who are incapable or choose not to work - or you say too dumb to work - but it won't be the majority. That's simply unrealistic to think most people wont want to do some kind of meaningful work or "most of them are idiots". Why are we giving them money if they are working? Under your scenario where robots take over a bunch of work shouldn't the cost of products and services go down dramatically anyway? &gt;This is because they don't know about UBI or NIT, they don't know there's an alternative- Regardless those people still exist. &gt;UBI is not redistribution, it is a foundational floor- a minimum required to avoid suffering and encourage freedom. You don't get to redefine words. Of course it's redistribution. There is no way to create a basic income without redistribution. Even if you just print money you are redistributing through inflation. &gt;I don't quite understand - are you saying that these people are doing okay on Welfare? People are scewed up for all kinds of reasons. Some of them probably aren't even on or able to get welfare because they live in the street yelling at each other at 2am. And no I don't think they are doing well, but I don't think handing them money is going to fix their problems either. There are plenty of millionaires who have spent their last time on heroin pal. &gt;It's indirect. If you're not helping a small amount paying for UBI for the masses (rich and poor), you're indirectly paying for wealth concentration as an economic condition: What complete illogical nonsense. Not taxing people isn't paying for wealth concentration. Not getting taxed on your income is the natural state of things. Taxes should be as minimal as possible and should only be for very general public services like the military. &gt;it is because they grew up in a bad environment, or they were abused at home or at work, they got screwed over (read: lied to) by someone or several people And therefore they make bad decisions that cause them to be poor. In other words the solution here is education, not giving them free money. Basically we agree here. People get raised by shitty parents and model their shitty behaviors. Abusing people makes them make bad decisions. Let's fix that, not just hand out cash. All that's going to do is enable more abuse. How many people with serious narcissistic parents would end up handing over their basic income to them? Ever read /r/raisedbynarcissists? Giving out free money is dumb dumb dumb. &gt;But whatever, they must be flawed or stupid. Uneducated in correct life strategy is the most politically correct way I can think of to say it. I fully believe that correcting this makes more sense that covering up the problem by giving them cash. Plenty of people who make good money are only one paycheck away from disaster because they are idiots with their money. &gt;Right, I just don't believe you, you sound like you just think you're better than these people. Sorry that you haven't met real humans. I have family members that milk the system. They are perfectly capable of working (and do it occasionally when it suits them under the table) but they are lazy people. Their needs get met, either through welfare, or they find another person to mooch from (e.g. parents, girlfriends or whatever). When in reality they should have their asses kick by someone and be cutoff. There are plenty of these kinds of people around. Even worse under BI are the people who are fundamentally lazy but still put in the effort. Some of those people are just starting out which is often the hardest part of a career. So some percentage of them will fall back on the basic income, not develop their career, and we have yet another person permanently on the dole. &gt;It's not just high taxes, it's illegal business tactics, extortion, threats, lobbying, scams, outright theft, debt traps, ruining your credit, strong-arming lawsuits, buying out your team---buying out your competitors... forcing you to move your office!! ...that kind of thing, that behavior that is increasing and becoming normalized. I think you lack perspective. Almost every single one of those things has become less of an issue in the last 150 years. Go look up the business tactics of the gilded age and get back to me. Business is competition and has been and always will be tough as hell btw. Competitors will compete and when money is at stake nobody will give up easily. Welcome to reality. So to say it's become normalized is a crock of crap. If anything we've all gotten a lot nicer. &gt;I have news for you, education is not paying off. Complete nonsense. Education in whatever subject you randomly happen to like might not pay off, but it's quite easy to find knowledge that is valuable in the market. Studying the classics? no. Engineering? Yup. &gt;Even so, the people that manage to get a job are working their asses off in dead-end jobs for years with no way of moving up. That's called paying your dues. I hate to break it to you but almost everyone has to do that. Even doctors spend a good chunk of their career in school paying dues. &gt;(my friends in their late 20s... how sad). So still pretty much what I would refer to as kids. &gt;On the younger side, students I know are working 3, sometimes 4 jobs while going to school (struggling with grades, obviously) and paying off their ridiculous debts. Again, this is called paying your dues. Although personally I would recommend skipping traditional debt ridden school and self education and/or finding cheaper education. The government has enslaved an entire generation by making it far too easy to take out loans. This also causes the price of school to skyrocket. &gt;Businesses are cutting down on hiring and instead hire people who take abuse and work 14 hour days and wear many hats. The unemployment rate is good right now. There is plenty of work out there for anyone who is educated in what the market wants. There are literally thousands of jobs open in my city right now for software for example. &gt;People I know under a certain age aren't getting raises or promotions at all despite working years for someone else trying to pay of their debts.. Mainly because inflation has been low and the economy has been slow growing. Their time will come, it sounds like they are all young and impatient. Get some longer term perspective please. &gt;I'm sure these people are idiots because "they can't make it".. It sounds like they have jobs and are moving along. I would call that making it. What's your bar, being a millionaire by the time you are 25? Personally I think people lack perspective and have overblown expectations. People aren't comparing apples to apples and since young people don't remember the past they think it was all rosy. It wasn't. &gt;yeah, they really should be slaving their life away working a dead-end job for someone else to get richer by the minute. It's up to each individual to develop their career and think long term. If you are working a dead end job is should be either for experience or to save up money towards another goal. E.g. work the dead end job while learning new stuff on the side. &gt;eah, these young people who are filled with passion an energy and drive, they aren't responsible enough to deal with a massive deck stacked against them. I'll be honest, this isn't the young people I see and work with at all. They are enthusiastic and hard working and smart. Maybe you are hanging out with the wrong crowd? &gt;dude, your superiority-complex is shining through... You are the one asking me to fund all of these people's lifestyle. How could I possibly not feel superior? I mean you are literally saying "we can't make it, so we need to rely on you and other successful people to pay for us". How is that not a message of superiority? I would argue we should all be on an equal playing field. And no, that doesn't mean equality of outcome, it means we are all treated the same by the law and have the same rights and responsibilities. One of the responsibilities is to work hard enough to at least take care of yourself (unless you are literally not capable of it).
There is no way it gets started without doing the PR first, probably for many years. Did you watch who just got elected? Regardless, I think giving people free money is a bad idea.
Jesus, you really believe this crap? Go live in Venezuela, it's built on this kind of magic.
&gt; can you blame them for being a bit concerned? I don't blame them but it doesn't mean they are correct. A negative attitude in general will hurt your chances of success. Staying positive is important, especially when circumstances are more difficult. &gt;There are good careers that are worth it still, like a doctor- but not everyone can be a doctor. Nothing wrong with being a doctor. There's plenty of esteemed careers still like doctors, athletes and entertainers... How about just some good ole engineering? A decent software grad can come out of school making $100k+. If someone is a go getter why not shoot for a career with solid long term prospects? &gt;The younger generation don't take the bullshit that is "you have to pay your dues" which might've had plenty of worthy merit 'back in the day' Well fine then. Don't expect reality to bend to your expectations though. Everyone pays the piper. &gt;because you got paid enough to have a decent life, a nice car, a nice house, kids, etc... Again this shows lack of perspective. You imagine it was so easy back in the day, but you aren't comparing apples to apples. Peoples lifestyles have dramatically inflated since I was a kid. Shit man, the internet didn't even EXIST let alone was something everyone had in their pocket. Get some perspective on the modern world and how we live now. It's ain't anything like the 70's, expectations are far higher now. Almost everything is better today. &gt;I'm sorry but there's no merit left in that phrase "you have to pay your dues" because it just sounds like you're saying "you have to give your 20's and 30's to mr narcissistic wealthy bossman while you beg for crumbs, but stay strong" just so you can pay off student loans, nevermind your healthcare and taxes, and forget about ever, ever owning a home, lol. This is a complete loser attitude. Seriously with this kind of attitude you are going nowhere. &gt;Last I read, the unemployment numbers were off, and there isn't plenty of work for "what the market wants" - unless you mean Uber drivers? Also, what jobs are NOT software jobs? Careers are drying up What jobs aren't being a farmer was the same question 200 years ago. Learn some software. It's not the end of the world to learn what's popular and valuable. It's called dealing with reality. Careers are drying up? Lol. You are kidding right? Again we are at 5% unemployment. Some states lower. &gt;Who are you to decide what is valuable or not I don't get to decide. &gt;and your cohorts argue that the market should decide, economists argue that supply and demand will dictate Indeed the market dictates what's valuable. Of course the word market is just shorthand for all of the decisions everyone makes every day. If people suddenly decide oranges are the best thing ever that's going to change the price and availability of oranges. You deny this? &gt;but I'm not seeing either happen in such a way that the work is becoming more valuable over time. Then you aren't paying attention. Like seriously not paying attention. A wage today buys things that you couldn't buy for any price 200 years ago. Manufactured goods are dirt cheap compared to the past with quality and performance that couldn't even have been imagined a few short years ago. Hell smart phones as an example DIDN'T EXIST 10 years ago. Now everyone has one and seems to be able to afford it to boot. &gt;degrees are not guaranteeing you a job anymore, even in the "right" field. Your article was right after 2008 crash silly. These things recover and have recovered. There are thousands and thousands of job openings for engineers in my city right now most of which pay 6 figures. At most it takes 4 years to become one... get going. &gt;I'm glad we agree on something - the importance of access to education. 100%. Although I think the current system is utterly fucked and massively inefficient. Luckily it won't matter because internet. In the long run physical schooling is toast, we will learn through computing. &gt;Success isn't all about money. Success is the progressive realization of a worthwhile goal. You get to pick your own goal. &gt; It's interesting that you mention abuse and narcissism though, because from where I'm sitting, we have an entire society that is basically abusive narcissists now (hence my username). Now you are getting it! Life is very competitive. &gt; this has been every workplace environment and every Principle and Boss I've ever met and many abusive people I've worked with both at work and outside the office. Then you haven't met very good people. I would suggest moving on if your company sucks. There are VERY good places to work (my office happens to be across the plaza from a place called Valve Software that is probably one of the best places to work on earth). &gt;I'm sure not everywhere it's like that- but it sure seems like it. Again, this is where I point out that you simply lack perspective and sufficient experience. There is shit and good in the world. &gt;"Abusing people makes them make bad decisions." - and it gets to the root of this whole problem here. You're absolutely right. Allowing anyone to go without decent education should be consider human abuse. Which is why we try to supply everyone with at least a basic education. Of course in some cases their abusive or idiotic parents screw that up too. &gt;n that note... allowing anyone to go without food or clean water (to suffer) should be consider human abuse. Which is why we have programs to help people out. However, you obviously haven't learned that there are people in this world that don't want the help (or interference as they would consider it). At what point do you force them to take help? It's an interesting question that's also related to when do you decide a kids parents are abusive? How much should we interfere. Again, giving people money doesn't fix their problems, in some cases it will make them worse. Give an alcoholic a basic income for example.. they will drink it away unless you intervene some other way. &gt; Forcing people to work jobs they are extremely uncomfortable with (causes depression and demoralization) or via the threat of homelessness and starvation should be considered human abuse. Nobody is forcing anyway. Nature forces you to make a living though. If anything this is a good argument to keep government small, taxes low and general cost of living in society low. Otherwise people are forced to work just to pay for the taxes. For example imagine you own a piece of land and want to live on it alone without interference and don't even want to use money. E.g. you grow your own food, make your own tools etc. Well good luck, the government is going to want you to pay the taxes or they will evict you and take the land. You should really think about what you are asking for when you invent reasons for government intervention in your life. There is tradeoff and a cost to all of this. &gt;But it isn't, we have veterans in wheelchairs in the street- because of this ridiculous mentality that "it's all by their choices"! Veterans get free medical care (shitty as it is because it's run by a government department). Most of them also get a pension as well as being eligible for other types of benefits, especially if wounded. I think we should take care of our veterans, but isn't this a different topic? &gt; It's no wonder they're yelling in the street at 2am! Do you spend much time in San Francisco? These people mostly aren't veterans, they are just crazy people. Mental health is fucked here. There's an area where we should be spending resources instead of giving free money to people who are perfectly healthy. &gt;That is actually what is ridiculous utter nonsense, this notion that these people are considered less important than dogs. We need to raise the bar that is the concept of "making it" to have a fundamental respect for the decency of a human life. I think you are taking my general statement and taking it too far. Most poor people are poor because they make poor decisions. There is certainly a percentage where it's bad luck. However, if bad luck hits and you make good decisions you will slowly recover from it. Look we all had to start somewhere kid. I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth. The last decade hasn't been the easiest, but it certainly hasn't been the hardest. Reality is what reality is and your attitude is excessively negative. Blaming society or everyone else for your situation might make you feel good but it's ultimately a pointless exercise. The best thing everyone can do for themselves and for society is to set some reasonable goals and work towards accomplishing them. More of that and less whining please.
&gt;You're the banana republican; Whoa whoa, who said I was a republican? Republicans are the party of the religious nutjobs, count me out. &gt;you go live there. BTW what republican policies do you see being implemented in Venezuela anyway? I can't think of a single one. &gt;We can just stay where we are and watch the USA being transformed into yet another pathetic BR by people like you. No need to change seats. Look if someone doesn't fight your crazy communist ideas this place is going to go down the tubes just as hard as Venezuela has.
I'm trying to pin this down, is this a movie quote? Also, the decision to do a BI is pretty binary, is it not?
&gt;They don't, though. Going to college is a gamble, at best. A calculated risk. People do in fact go to university. And yes, ANY investment is a gamble. Investing your time most of all. This is why you should really think hard about what to study. &gt;It can provide the knowledge and network to obtain a job, but it might as well not, and the odds are continually deteriating. That is, because higher education is not essential to being productive, and it continues to lose relevance to advanced tools. There's a reason we see a rising number of nurses employed, rather than doctors. Of course fundamentally, we can cut demand for nurses as well with further advanced tools. Lucky that the internet has a ton of free knowledge. Personally I don't think going to college makes sense for everyone, it's been oversold. If you are a go getter that's four years you could be building work experience (or better yet entrepreneurial experience). &gt;Removing welfare means we highlight the conflicts of interest between rational actors much more, meaning we'll have a bloody revolution on our hands. I hear people talk about revolution a lot. This is silly talk. People in the USA are far too fat and happy to rebel. &gt;I don't see why we have to go there, we can just make work pay Work does pay. Do you see all the people around you driving fancy cars and eating at fancy restaurants? It's not that hard to join them with some education and work ethic. It's called paying your dues and almost everyone does. &gt;Even if you got a college degree and tried your ass off. It's just the way the odds go. Nonsense. What does it feel like to feel so disempowered in your own life? Personally I think this attitude is pretty much the problem. There ain't nobody serving you life up on a silver platter. &gt;Either way, we can increase redistribution steadily, till we hit a point where velocity of money and aggregate demand are looking good. I really don't think you understand what that level of mass distribution does. It creates corruption first of all. Secondly is demotivates people. Thirdly it's not clear at all where this money is coming from. You can tax the rich at 100% and there still isn't enough money to fund much of a BI. &gt;So there must be a demerit to owning things, say a fee, a tax, at least on the things of economic relevance. Yeah that's really going to help the middle class. Let's make it harder to own anything. You realize it's exactly this kind of thinking that makes it harder for people to get anywhere, right? You communists haven't really thought this through. I know the idea that you don't have to get out there and hustle to succeed FEELS really good, but's it's a false shortcut to success.
&gt;That's not enough, I'd propose. We need to fundamentally re-envision (idea/land) ownership as well. Then feel free to go start your own country. In this one we can own stuff. &gt;I'd propose that we live in a world marked by increasingly high productivity, where entrepreneurs are stuck looking for adding increasingly less essential value and natural monopolies arise from pure convenience that customers seek. So if you happen to have the land with useful facilities on it, and you happen to own the brand names that customers know stand for 'good enough', you already won at life. Every bit of evidence goes against this idea. Innovation is constant, new vast fortunes are being constantly made in new areas through innovation. Some of the richest people in the world have companies that are hardly a decade old. You really think people aren't going to innovate more? The only thing I've noticed about life is that change is constant. This idea that everything is locked down is silly. I wonder how much of it has to do with growing up during a big recession, it's damaged the thinking of people. You know they wanted to close the patent office int he 1800's because everything had been invented right? This is such short sighted thinking it's hard for me to believe people are espousing it in 2017. &gt;If we want to enable entrepreneurs to add ever less essential improvements to existing products/services, and come up with ever less essential additional products/services, we must enable customers to have a form of expression that is worth something in raw resources and other ownership titles. What exactly are you suggesting and what does it have to do with BI?
&gt; I'd encourage to take the implications seriously. We can have a splendid, free market emphasizing economy, that works for all the people. You think the people who voted trump have a splendid experience or will get one by deregulation? I agree with you in the sense that things could definitely be done better. I just don't see massive wealth redistribution as the answer in any way, shape or form. &gt;I'm suggesting that there is no future of labor and entrepreneurship, outside of adding ever less real value per worked hour (though in a growth capitalism, this would be observed as growing monetary compensation per worked hour.). There simply isn't any basis for this concern. If anything labor has been increasing in value. I literally know people that are billionaires from making shit on their computer in their crappy apartment. It's never been easier to change the world. &gt;Making vast fortunes in increasingly less essential work, that's not a bad thing. I'm all for letting people earn plenty money for adding a cherry on the top, and finding continually new things like that. I think your imagination is super limited. We haven't even begun to scratch the surface of what humanity is capable of. Your whole world view seems to think we've reached some pinnacle and now we just all chill out. Uh no. &gt;Now how do you make adding cherries on the top a field of mass employment, and ensure that people don't slip into abject poverty? The same way we've been doing it for 200 years. Automate and innovate.
&gt;I'd like to reply with the observation of a more than 3 decade long trend of opportunity becoming harder to come by, aggregate demand stagnating, cost of capital continually going up in product prices. Opportunity has never been greater than in the last three decades. Aggregate demand has not gone down. The cost of capital is also at almost an all time low (interest rates are super low). Next. &gt;Work will pay as long as we fight for worker rights. Workers rights have nothing to do with it. The only issue is whether people can create value. &gt;As someone who strongly believes in the individual as the most important instance to make economic decisions, and as someone who believes in a bright future for mass employment, I'd recommend to consider the opportunities of just giving people money to be customers, sometimes. Feel free to give them your money. I don't want to participate, thanks. Do you really think we should do something like this without everyone agreeing to it? I would be happy to opt out. Maybe what we do is make a law where you can opt into basic income and you get it, but if you make money you pay extra taxes for it. I would love to watch that happen. &gt;The reality of the thing is that it's getting harder to do this, by the minute. Has been, for 30+ years. This is just spectacular nonsense that you've bought into. You aren't comparing apples to apples. What are you using to determine this? Please don't tell me you are using rate of return on capital vs labor because that's only a relative measure. In asbolute terms everyone is making a lot more money (a lot of it is getting eaten up by excessive health care costs though, we badly need real health care reform). Anyway I disagree with just about everything you've said. I seriously doubt you can prove much of it either.
&gt;Only if the parents are able. So you turn a blind eye to people that don't grow up with a bare minimum of the support people need to have equal opportunity because you feel ok glibly complaining that we'd be making people "children of the state". It's that sort of emotionally manipulative rhetoric this whole nation could do without. You just attacked a straw man. However this is an incredibly complex topic. Of course we should help kids with bad parents, but how? Giving bad parents more money is not going to solve their issues.
You are completely obtuse.
&gt;There is no reason why an increase in oil production capacity should cause food shortages in Venezuela. Venezuela is producing LESS oil not more. &gt;Clearly, capitalism fails to allocate resources efficiently. Venezuela is not capitalist, it's a socialist country. &gt;Russia suffers from high inflation yet has plenty of money to destroy production capacity in Syria. Because they can sell oil for hard currency. However, spending money on wars isn't helping joe average russian and they are getting kinda sick of it. &gt;Intellectual honesty requires a critical re-evaluation of the Quantity Theory of Money. Who cares what you think? You've shown that you believe in crazy shit.
&gt;All consistency in the world won't help you without opportunities. I don't think you'd disagree when I said that King wouldn't have much of a good time if he got born into some african family. At least if he still wanted to be an american best selling author. Being born in America is a huge boon to anyone and not something to be looked in the mouth (I wasn't born here btw, I immigrated). Regardless the point stands, the harder you work the more luck will appear. Consistent quality and effort over time will pay off. At the end of the day there is an x factor in everyone's lives, you could get hit by a car or something. But in the normal situation hard work towards goals produces results. If you don't believe that then my guess would be that you've never tried to apply it.
Sorry my style can be a bit abrasive, I'll try to tighten it up. And yes I am definitely interested in discussion.
Personally I think the definition of poverty used is bad economics in itself. Poverty doesn't mean you live in the bottom quartile. There needs to be an absolute standard not a relative one.
I was going to say stuff but you've covered most of it. Remember it's math. You need the thing rented enough that it covers the cost and more to make a profit. If people break it and it's out of commission you need to fix it (and you aren't getting paid at that point). If it wears out before it makes a profit, you're done. This is a very capital intensive business. If the idea is to finance all of this equipment you are potentially setting yourself up for a huge fall. Honestly the best way to get involved in this business is to rent something you can build and maintain. Unfortunately I doubt you are a big manufacturer already ;)
Yeah, I moved from Ottawa and now I can't get a decent one.
How do you get a 15% rate on investments? I think your info is out of date.
OMG how did he make moral decisions without god?
&gt; I don't mind working until I am 75 just as long as I get 2-3 months off from working every single year along the way. 2-3 months per year? You must really not like working.
There is no way I could have done what I've done if I took that much time off. Sounds nice though ;)
Having the internet block is super annoying as a user. I would never let my IT staff go nuts and block all this. But then again we make games not military stuff or whatever this is.
I don't get how you can call anything less than 120" a theater, so of course a projector. If you just want a decent TV and sound system I have that in my bedroom, the theater is about watching film, you know, on a big screen.
What's the second one for?
If someone can't go beyond surviving why should they be listened to in politics? Shouldn't they get their shit straightened out before trying to push some kind of political agenda?
&gt; What? Engaging in politics includes voting, being able to take time and energy from working-to-survive, learning about who you are voting for, establishing your own positions, etc, etc. So if someone is so busy surviving why do we think they would make an informed voter? &gt;And many people can't go beyond surviving because there is limited opportunity. ... What? If you are talking about the US there is literally more opportunity available than almost any time in human history. &gt;Ignoring all of that, there are still food and shelter security issues in the US, so either metric is valid. There will always be food and shelter issues if people prefer living on the streets to having to get a job.
I don't think those are misunderstandings. &gt;"It's a handout!" How is it not? Someone is paying, some is receiving a handout. &gt; "poor are poor because they're idiots!" This is generalizing too much. A lot of poor people are idiots, not all. &gt;"but mah pride!" I haven't heard this one before. Is this supposed to be the person receiving the free money who doesn't want it? I would refuse it so maybe that's me. &gt; "jobs are better!" Jobs are better. You produce something and take care of yourself instead of other people. That sense of accomplishment will lead to greater things down the road instead of cutting it off by getting handed free money. &gt;"but it's impossible to pay for" Pretty much is impossible to pay for enough to get the level of claimed benefit. &gt;"don't we already have welfare?" Well don't we? &gt;"it's communism!" Pretty close yeah.
Hell no bro, I am the court jester.
I'm actually hg wells, yes.
That's an entirely different argument isn't it? Regardless there are tons of jobs for people who educate themselves around. If anything we should be subsidizing education, not sitting around telling everyone how hard it is out there.
&gt;What are the rates of UNDER-employmemt? Because just above starving to death trying to make ends meet is just as bad as not making those ends meet. Why don't you tell me? &gt;You can find a job but it's not going to give you a life worth living A life worth living is up to each individual to create for themselves. &gt;Also the state prohibits you from ending your sorry life Yet you want to hand more power to the state? Good thinking. &gt;and in the past has taken the choice from our mothers to end a life of struggle before it begins. And again you think the solution to this is to give the government more power? &gt; UBI seems only fair since we didn't ask to be here and the economic system has made sure that life is only as good as you can afford to make it That has nothing to do with fairness, it's called reality. Life isn't fair, the sooner you realize that and quit whining about it the sooner you can make a live worth living for yourself.
I'm sure you can make money doing it but how does it scale? It seems like the way to scale up is basically create a pawn shop or something? The reason people chase the web and apps is that it can scale to a worldwide business and it can happen quickly. edit: BTW If this is just to get experience as an entrepreneur and salesperson and to build up your capital it could be a great thing for someone, so I'm not trying to bash it. Just answer why it's maybe not the best long term business.
&gt;Rather, there are just so many posts on this sub with people complaining about not having a good enough idea or enough capital to launch a business. Yeah that's why I added my edit, when I figured that out. Anyway I couldn't agree more with you. Entrepreneurial skills are like anything else, you need to practice them. Best to start immediately. We should also be fostering this in kids, although I've not found them all that receptive.
I've been in a couple of Intel facilities and they had all kind of safety posters on the wall, including instructions on how to go up/down the stairs.
The cheapest new Volkswagen starts at almost $20k US. Volkswagen literally does not make a cheap car in the US. So I'm sure they are great but they aren't very affordable.
&gt;Plus, on a third strike, the corporate charter gets removed and the corporation is disbanded. That will make the bastards take the law seriously. Sounds like a nice weapon corps could use against each other.
Nick is a moron who got lucky and feels guilty about it.
Given that multiple billionaire's and literallly thousands of millionaires were created from his company in what way is he taking more than he earned? Everybody got rich. If every company created wealth like microsoft for it's employees we would all be better off.
Of if you do pick up another instrument. Chicks dig guitar.
I think this is a very astute observation. Some kind of escape valve so that at least they go and let people get on with rebuilding the country. The alternative that we are seeing play out is disastrous for the people of Venezuela.
To reiterate this point, you'll notice that in general subjects which tend to be contentious home issues are not taught. If little Johnny comes home from school with a bunch of financial insight and advice he's going to start asking Mommy and Daddy what they are doing with their money. Queue parent complaints. There is no upside to teaching financial literacy for the 'crats that run schools.
Makes me feel bad for them. I can't help fix it because they are already both retired and on fixed incomes at this point. The bad choices have already been made.
Lol, a subreddit for adults this is not. Although it's better than some. Nick has one of the worst cases of wealth guilt I've already seen. You have to admit this guy sings a different tune to most, no? How is it trolling to point that out in a blunt manner?
Trust me, this is your current state of mind talking. Get out in the world and you will find good things happens. Again, not point in stressing about it now, go with the flow and for the love of god get away from your parents.
I grew up in Kanata but was too poor to be involved when we got the time (when I was in high school). It would have been amazing to have been there opening night. Luckily I did get to see some games during the early seasons. Now that I live in Seattle I'm looking forward to being a founding season ticket holder if we can get ourselves a team. Fingers crossed.
It's there trust me. I just googled this random TA shot. Zoom in close on all the building in the upper left and you will see the purple fringing clear as day (well it's clear to me but I've been a graphics programmer for 25 years). http://media.moddb.com/images/mods/1/10/9715/ARM.gif
Apparently not many people noticed it because nobody has ever mentioned it. Interestingly if I could go back in time I have a lot more tricks now to improve image quality in the poly rendering. For example there was no mip-mapping going on, I could have added it fairly easily and it might have even sped it up due to better data locality.
&gt; and remember the outrage from Planetary Annhilation's kickstarter backers when it went around 60% off during Early Access? I 'member.
A fair tax system is simple. Tax the entire budgets, divide by the number of people and send everyone a bill. People will quickly figure out whether or not they want to pay for the services provided.
&gt;he fact that he questions it doesn't mean shit. Is he willing to have no running water in his house to save $500/mo? More like have a well dug and put in his own water system after doing the math. Of course such a person would also check the water bill before moving into the house. &gt;If not, then nobody really gives a shit if he "questions" his water bill - questioning it has no impact on whether or not he's willing to forego running water to save $500/mo. You seem to think people don't have any agency to fix things themselves. Almost like you believe the government has to solve all problems, including water. Plenty of people supply their own water. The government coordinates water in cities to make life easier, but if they didn't involve themselves there would still be access to water. Again, I think your argument about the utility of money is false. I know it's a common idea that people think is proven. Personally I think the utility of money to any one individual varies a ton. It's not just about how much money you have, but what you do with it that matters. It's definitely not clear that taxing away peoples wealth is always better than letting them "keep" it.
&gt;Yeah, you clearly don't understand the argument, since your entire strategy here revolves around avoiding the question of how much running water is actually worth, per month, to someone. No I understand it just fine. I just think the argument is a goofy strawman. &gt;The question is, as it has been from my first post, "How much money would I have to spend on access to running water in my home, per month, before I would opt to forego running water in my home, in order to save that expense?" No it's not. That's a ridiculous standard that assumes that running water is the only thing that matters and that there aren't multiple ways to address it. If you charge something a million dollars a month for water they aren't going to pay it even if they have the money. Because that's stupid and you can address water a bunch of other ways cheaper. It's a ridiculous strawman. &gt;What you are doing, is attempting to assert that economic value is equal to market price, which just demonstrates a misunderstanding of what economic value is. No, what I'm doing is pointing out that your argument is a ridiculous strawman.
In this argument there is literally a fictional millionaire who is getting jacked on water. Nothing could be more clearly a straw man argument, the millionaire being the straw man with the invented problem and invented solution. Honestly I don't know why I bother posting on reddit. It's just a bunch of entitled kids.
&gt;I don't think there is any way to pass a "perfect law" Sure there is. Completely eliminate any law that has anything to do with growing, selling or consuming marijuana.
Yeah I have the mobile hot spot and I've literally never used it. The only thing I can think of is maybe it has a better antenna for a rural area and could save my ass, but it's hard to justify $10 a month for it.
Whoa, you are missing the biggest criminal enterprise she is associated with... Amway.
Took me a few sentences to notice you were kidding. Whew.
Or don't gamble on negative ev games ever.
They said they wanted me to show up every day on time and diligently work, doing it their way.
Sarcasm ;) It's kind of a joke from the employer side because it's really hard to find people that will do those three things, especially for low paying jobs.
There are a ton of risks here. However, if the technology works it will easily make $20B a year. That's a very small portion of the revenue in the telecom space. This will compete worldwide and open up a ton of new markets as well. Direct to consumer doesn't have to be the only model. I could see them making $20B a year just selling backbone to the existing telecoms. In fact licensing it to them locally in a bunch of countries and letting the telecoms make some of the money might be the best way to increase overall revenues. Sort of a tit for tat thing. SpaceX takes care of the space infrastructure and the telecoms can reap the benefits on earth. I'm certain it will have to go down like this is authoritarian places anyway. Regardless it all requires the technology to work well. If it does this is a no brainer.
I would buy whatever I could afford new. There seems to be some deals on Z06's around though, maybe you can find one cheap enough. Personally I have a Z07 car so I went for the power, but at the time there was no GS. I would probably still go for the power since I savor it so much, but it really is excessive.
I have to agree. You can build custom homes much cheaper than $400, but you wouldn't want to spend less on this house because you would be underbuilding for what the house is. This house deserves good materials and solid construction.
I didn't know that you "choose" what you believe. Years from now you will realize you've dodged a huge bullet here.
Your life philosophy sounds pretty different than mine.
Because it is shit pay. Programmers in the US make way way way more than that.
&gt;Almost certainly. The thing about average people, though... ;) Actually I have a different twist on this. If you are rich, or want to be rich, live in the states. If you are poor then live in Canada or some other socialist type paradise. Pick your poison ;)
I get it, I'm just not used to waiting for healthcare.
&gt; Someone who is opulently rich getting 20 cents on a marginal high-end dollar is still coming out ahead and isn't hurting. It seems pretty egotistical to assume that you know everything about rich people and how they feel about getting taxed at 80%. In fact I think it's pretty clear many of them would object, as they do currently.
&gt;They can object all they like, but their objections have no moral weight. Of course not. You with your superior wisdom will decide what they should do with their income. &gt;When you dig deep into the essence of extreme wealth you will invariably realize it's all, without any exception, based on some form of economic rent. In other words, extreme wealth is all immoral and unjustifiable. Yes of course. Your opinion carries a lot of weight so it must be so.
And this is why you never ever cosign a loan. Ever.
Especially health care rates have been rising like crazy for years. And the insurance is getting worse at the same time.
I've always thought this building was weird and out of place. It's definitely striking and noticeable though. Even though it's not brutalism up close it feels like it as this giant mass of concrete looms over you.
The increase in cost is completely opaque. Every year we renew our health insurance. The current company will quote and we usually get several other quotes through our broker. The prices are always higher, I think the record was 42%. We then look at the plans, the prices and try to figure out which one gives the best coverage for the best money. As for reduction in benefits, they constantly are shifting who is in what network, what the limits and deductibles are etc. Sometimes it's even hard to find plans that have the same limits, or the same networks so you often aren't comparing apples to apples. Keep in mind this is shopping at effectively the top of the market. We typically look for the best possible coverage we can find and it costs us about $1500 a month to cover a family under our typical plan.
&gt;You have good dad. In the sense that he cared enough to take of them yes. But there should be no endorsement of living paycheck to paycheck as a lifestyle. It's unnecessary and unwise.
To me it sounds like you described an emergency situation. I was pretty clear pretty have emergencies.
&gt;You are coming across as a total ass. It often isn't a choice Ok, but sometimes it is. Are you denying that? &gt;What choice do I have? Really condescending, man Follow sound financial principles based on the amount you make. Reddit has several subs devoted to financial advice, use it?
&gt;But the complaint is more frequently made in terms of salaries commanded by such professions (I paid $60k for this degree but can't find a good paying job), which is dictated by market forces. That is, a field is highly valued because people are willing and able to pay for experts in that field. Should be dictated by market forces. In practice government massively subsidizes school with it's whacked out loan program which causes all educations to be price inflated.
You are correct, we are in agreement.
22-28 look good but how noisy and busy is Monte Vista? If your master bedroom backs out onto a busy street it can suck. 1, 2, 3, 4 are all corners which I would probably go for over backing up to a busy street. My overall impression though is none, because I like to stretch out a bit more than this.
&gt;When it comes down to it, to have savings your income has to be greater than your expenses. You have control of both numbers, one more than the other. Unless you are literally starving there really isn't any excuse for not saving up an emergency fund. Most peope however get a credit card and start running up debt like mad. &gt; The people who are truly stuck in the cycle can't get ahead because there's nothing left after their paycheck. Then the car breaks down and they're in a hole they're never going to dig out of. Emergency situations require emergency measures. There are plenty of places you can do and seek financial advice, including right here on reddit. Almost every single one of the people in this situation are making bad financial situations. Feel free to just not include people making the minimum, I'm fine with that. But if you make $50k+ a year and you can't save anything you are being irresponsible with your money, period.
&gt;Utilities often are natural monopolies due to large infrastructure costs I argue with people a lot about this one. IMHO we jumped the gun and played into corporate interests by effectively creating these monopolies. Technology constantly changes which means it's simply not always the case.
The flip side of freedom is responsibility. You can't really separate them. For example, would you support taking kids from families who aren't raising kids well? In many cases they could be given to parents who can do a better job. However, that's pretty anti-freedom. The best thing we can do is make sure public education is solid, so the schools can try and undo as much of the bad parenting as possible. Sadly the teachers unions are powerful and will fight reform forever.
&gt;In this future scenario, AI would probably outperform humans in most cognitive tasks. No need for finance workers, engineers, or CEOs anymore. Let's say you are an AI running a company and I want to compete with you. Why can't I hire 5 AI's like you to out-think you? You don't think there is any possible human creative edge here? If a human + AI performs better than just hiring an AI then the AI remain tools. As an engineer I would love more sophisticated software. If I could have 5 sub-AI coders to go off and write subsystems I could concentrate more on design and create more innovate and better software. This is obviously how these kinds of tools are going to evolve. At what point do we remove the humans from the loop? I think if it ever gets to that stage the human race exists stage left. Just some food for thought on how this might evolve.
&gt;Sure we can, but that isn't what you were doing. You're assuming people are poor because they can't manager their money, rather than the tons of other reasons that they are poor. Nope. That's not what I'm doing at all. What I'm saying is that living paycheck to paycheck is common and represents poor money management skills. Being poor means you don't make much money, it doesn't mean you have to manage your money poorly. &gt; Most people aren't poor because of money mismanagement, they are poor because they literally don't have any money left after buying necessities. One mans necessity is another mans luxury. This is at the heart of the issue. &gt;No amount of money management can change that. You can't get blood from stone, kid. Again, define necessary. I think you won't find broad agreement.
Again, we can't have an honest conversation about money? Personally I smell a lot of sour grapes from people who have made poor money decisions. This kind of poisoning the well is keeping people poor because they don't even realize there is an alternate way to manage their finances. Everyone just says it's not their fault, so why should they try and improve? The fact is that the majority of people do poorly at managing their money. There are small things almost anyone can do at any income level to do a better job of it. Shutting down the discussion because you think it's bad to talk about money is dumb.
So basically massive tax increases on those who actually do the work. Yeah this will fly. Not.
I like the landing inverted idea. Stick a heatshield on the front, some small engine holes and some kind of leg setup. When re-entering rely mostly on the head shield. I'm not really sure what the engineering would look like for that but I can picture a few scenarios that might work. It's not even clear they need legs, maybe the top of the structure can be setup to just be landed on of if it's flat enough. After all there should be no cargo or people on board it.
Yup, that's it. People don't care to discuss the substantive issues around personal finance because they get butthurt and it's never their fault. Fine, whatever, don't care. I'll take care of myself and my family and they can do the same. I'll let Dave Ramsey who has more of a teaching spirit do the outreach.
I bet, the real world makes real loud bangs. Oddly enough I spent a lot of time today pondering my next RTS.
Probably a good thing unless you can make a living with it.
I used to feel that way until I got my scuba cert. Now I'm fine going into the blackness. Even at night. Night dives are the bomb!
Good riddance.
Ok, that's weird. I literally just bought a new tux yesterday. My old one was I think around 6 years old.
You are correct his explanation is crap. He should have used housing units. It's quite obvious that if the number of housing units remains the same and you increase everyone's income that you are going to have more dollars chasing the same amount of housing units. This will cause the price to increase. Theoretically this increase in demand should lead to more housing units being built. However, it's often not allowed to build more housing, or it takes a lot of time to build more housing in some areas due to zoning and other regulations. So I would expect a healthy spike in the cost of housing in a BI situation. Something like food where more production can happen would probably not change much as they would respond by increasing supply relatively quickly.
Stand up for yourself.
&gt;What happens to those individuals that experience job loss due to that? They get a different job doing something else. Sometimes this is supervising a bunch of the machines that took their jobs. Sometimes it's entirely different. There is no lack of work at the moment. &gt;Eventually you hit a tipping point where humans won't have enough actual jobs left because a majority of industries are automated. Why hasn't something like that happened already? All charts show a huge correlation between the most automated economies and the most jobs.
Plenty of different speed are allowed including going the speed limit. Sometimes trucks have lower limits anyway. The main rule, and this one is written down, is to stay out of the passing lane (the far left lane in the us) unless you are actually passing. This way you can tool along and you won't hold up traffic or have people honking at you. If you are on a single lane road the rules vary by state. In my state if you accumulate 5 cars behind you are are supposed to pull over and let them pass, regardless of what speed you are going. The actual speed people tend to drive isn't actually all that related to the speed limit, but more to the actual road. Drivers in California for example tend to drive more like 15-20over like you are describing. It really depends on the state, the state of the roads etc.
Rolex created it and it became the standard for that style of watch. Now it's so common we don't even really think about it much.
There is plenty of good quality stuff available for the discerning consumer.
I really don't like this advice. His family business could be improved, why not improve it? School is of secondary important if you are an entrepreneur anyway.
A blue TT sub was my first Rolex and it's still an amazing watch (my wife mostly wears it). Instead of a black sub I went with a deep see (the d-blue one) which is similar to a sub but IMHO rarer and cooler. So have your cake and eat it too.
All rolexes are old guy watches btw ;)
Yes, it's called standing on principal. Either a person is a good team player or they aren't. Whether they are someone's relative isn't relevant.
In my game I simply punted on having it be 2D. Instead the maps are simply actual spheres made of basically arbitrary meshes. This is a lot harder so I'm not sure I recommend it unless you really need such a beast.
Groceries are an $800 BILLION a year business. Amazon wants in. So combine their innovative sales methods with Whole Foods market reach and the fact that the demographics of Amazon Prime and Whole Foods overlap nicely. Expect the stores to become pickup locations for stuff ordered on Amazon for example (including grocs). What this eventually ends up looking like I doubt anyone knows.
&gt;making a profit, which boils down to "taking more than you give, Say what?
I'll let the op speak for themselves. They just made up a new definition of profit.
A whacked version then? A version that tries to undermine what's actually good about people trading with each other? It's just coming at it from such a demented twisted angle that I wanted to know more about the psychology.
Profit comes from the fact that we can both be more efficient at different tasks we specialize in. Think about it for a bit. If I'm good at chopping wood and you are good at fishing, we can sell each other wood and fish and both profit off of it because we have generated more total goods to consume. This is econ 101 stuff. As for the OP talking about profit being unfair or whatever, they simply have zero idea what they are talking about.
&gt;No need to be a douche. I'm just asking questions. Whatever. I'm not here to educate you on econ 101.
Fluid simulation would be tricky because it's not a grid, it's an actual mesh in my implementation. This made basically everything harder. Not sure I would do it that way again because we didn't really get the upside I was looking for (because it made everything so complex). I'm not sure if there is a perfectly correct answer, it really depends on the game.
It's amazing to me how banks screw up if a deal has the slightest oddness to it. I have so many stories about this kind of thing, about appraisals etc. Anything out of the ordinary and all of a sudden there's a problem. Ugh. I wish I had some kind of super useful advice, but I don't. If it was me I would just go with the original paperwork and let the bank do the note however they want. Just get it done, get it over with. You can always refinance at your leisure anyway. This also eliminates the moron owners from the picture and them trying to save a few bucks on the commission which really is not your problem.
Reddit is right wing? lol.
He had a fling with her and they still talk and hang out?
Moller Sky Car.
I would seriously consider moving there if it was $2k per person my current household would get $10k per month. Pretty sure we could live on that...
