If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be. I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Thankfully, MN has a law that allows you to run a red if it is safe to go, and if it's been red for an unreasonable amount of time. I'm pretty sure that 11 minutes counts as "unreasonable".
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60. Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I'd probably try to demonstrate some math theorems. Showing the Pythagorean theorem should be fairly simple to do, and there shouldn't be any communication issues. I suppose that the internet could also be a good way to turn. Just google "Math visualizations", or something similar.
I don't know, it works for audio issues for me.
Wow, that sounds like a great program! Are there any disadvantages to it?
That's not really a disadvantage, though.
If the steering column is still there, what's the point of the drive by wire? What sort of benefits does it offer?
It's just incentive to not crash! /s
It definitely is. The squared off inner parts of the tail lights give it away to me.
I guess that I disagree with you here. My parents have a '15 Forester. The interior isn't anything too exciting, but I wouldn't say that there's anything wrong with it either.
They do occasionally do accident reconstructions, but only for extremely severe accidents. If you were in one that bad, I doubt that the cars would be able to move anyways.
Let me guess, it proves the Spanish translation accurate?
That's pretty cool! I wish that my school had a team, but we're way to small...
It always irritates me how the beetle doesn't flip because of the way that the wheels are turned.
That was my first thought, too! Possibly Paris-Brest-Paris too, but that's a lot shorter.
Your car not wanting to start... It's getting cold enough here in MN that I'm not positive that my car will start tomorrow...
Honestly, I feel like it's justifiable when there aren't any legal channels to get it through.
Would you be willing to give more details? This sounds like a pretty interesting story.
You know it's bad when you have to scrape the *inside* of your car's windows. Air temp where I am is -14 right now, and the windchill is supposed to get to below -30 by Tuesday...
I'm not sure where you're getting that number. According to this report from the US department of Housing and Urban Development, there are "only" around 47,000 homeless vets in the US (skip to page 50) https://www.hudexchange.info/resources/documents/2015-AHAR-Part-1.pdf I don't see why we can't take care of both groups, to be honest.
I really want to try this on one of the Great Lakes freighters sometime.
That works for me!
Oh, I didn't mean for it be a challenge. I just thought that it was funny how easy it is now.
No worries!
"You're not a Non Governmental Organization, you're Non Governmental Faggots!" That was honestly the best that he could come up with?
I just felt bad for him when I saw the DeVry part. Hopefully someone enlightens him to how terrible of a choice that would be.
Does anyone know whether this will actually damage the car?
I'll second the other person, with their grappling hook idea. Also, when you start getting close, lay down and crawl across the ice. If you spread yourself out, it makes you less likely to crack the ice.
Gulf Oil did it long, long before. http://www.gt40gulfliverycars.com/images/800_Gulf_trio.jpg
I don't know. It's a little long, but it's pretty easy to understand, and it gives a lot of info.
Great point. It might seem to be alright to let it go, since there was no damage, but what happens if he does the same thing, only into traffic? Or over a pedestrian?
Also, you should always try to move over if you see a stopped or disabled vehicle. Provided that it is safe for you to do so, of course. You won't help them at all if you hit someone else and spin out into them.
I don't think that he hit the car. I'm pretty sure that he just fucked his car up on the curb.
I'm 18, and I know that I could do better than the guys in both videos. Mostly because I wouldn't be driving like an absolute dumbass.
What year Quantum do you have? I've got a 2000, and I absolutely love it.
You know an accident is bad when a 40 car pileup is the small one...
Was that once a treadmill?
Nice! I also have an '04 Attitude XV. It's kind of funny, the bike that I was riding before I bought the Quantum was a Litespeed Classic. I guess that we just have similar taste in brands!
My dad's desktop is a 2009 HP office tower, which only has VGA ports. He has an ASUS PA248Q, with it though, which is a 1920x1200p IPS panel. It's kind of a waste, but at least it should last well for his next upgrade.
Just what I was thinking. What if someone had stepped out from one of those driveways?
Yeah, I doubt that any of my friends would care. I mean, we all lay in a big pile when we're watching movies together, so I doubt that a hand on the shoulder would matter. Still...
Ouch, that looks like a pretty nasty impact.
It really ought to be called the Toyota Wetlands, because there aren't going to be many Tundras left after these things have been on the road...
Plus, I believe that most doors open outwards...
Why not try several? You don't have to give a ton of space to each of them.
Enjoy your lung cancer!
They could always just drop it somewhere random, and have someone else pick it up later.
I was once buzzed by a truck with a license plate that was remarkably easy to remember. It was a standard plate, but the letters were NME. If you read them out loud, you see why it's so easy to remember.
It says "no less than". I wonder how tall of a pole you could make?
If I lived in Missouri, and if that law passed, I would get the biggest flag possible, and write "Fuck Jay Houghton" on it. Probably immature, but so is this law.
There are definitely bad cops out there, but to assume that all cops are bad does a disservice to all of the good ones.
I don't think that there are any cars on the road that weight as little as 1000 lbs. Believe it or not, I'm pretty sure that the American average is closer to 4000!
Yeah, I assumed that much. I just think that it's amazing how much cars weigh!
I just looked it up, and the current Smart Car weighs 1,940 lbs!
Thankfully MN has no such laws.
I have a profile for my mouse where they're mapped to some of the keys on the side. It's actually really useful for my work.
How do you like it? I was seriously considering one, but I ended up getting the Thinkpad X1 Carbon. I have to say, the Spectre in black and copper may be one of the sexiest machines that I've ever seen.
My X1 Carbon is very similar to a Macbook Air in many ways, but I get a larger screen in the same footprint, and it is much, much tougher. It is MilSpec certified in 8 areas, while the Air isn't in any.
I'm not the person who you asked, but I can also provide some insight. I'm a photographer, and I also do some video. Unfortunately, quite a few of the programs that I use aren't on Linux, so I use Windows quite a bit more. And while available programs might not be a good judge of an OS, it's what dictates which one I use more than anything else.
Wow, two for one! We get both /r/amibeingdetained *and* /r/iamverysmart !
I'm a photographer, and I'd kill for a second monitor. I stuck with just a laptop for now, though...
These read like an alternate version of Ubuntu naming conventions.
Maybe I'm missing something, but almost everyone who's serious about biking wears a helmet.
It can actually be a lot of fun. That said, I personally wouldn't be comfortable riding near traffic in the snow.
I know! My tires are loosing traction, so I'll just floor it to make them spin faster!
I mean, when I worked at McDonalds, my bosses never wanted people to show up early. Because they didn't want to pay extra, they wouldn't even let you clock in early. Same for staying late. How out of touch could he be?
I mean, just ask your parents for a small loan! One million seems reasonable...
Do you know whether your bike is alright? It was great seeing the people checking up on you.
Absolutely awesome alliteration!
I'm friends with the owner of the local Bianchi dealer. I'll have to show him this! I'm sure that he'll get a kick out of it.
Make it brown, and while you're at it, why don't you add AWD?
My Klein Attitude XV was advertised with three bottle cage mounts. Why you would want one there on a mountain bike is beyond me, though...
It took me quite a while to catch it too...
I'm not so sure about everything being a ripoff. I got my G502 there, and it was $25 less than on Amazon.
Here's a car made by the same people doing just that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxe_DqAkeAk
But it's in a waterproof bag! /s
The fish was pretty funny.
Link?
Once the air gets under, there's not much that you can do. In a similar vein, check out these videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXZaAuyuYmQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8XxQkXCmsU
Thanks!
Reminds me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOVKtNdV7_w&amp;feature=youtu.be
IIRC, he's a bit of a hike in, so carrying them out would be pretty difficult.
Precisely! My dad's an air pollution engineer, and he always complains about people overlooking this.
Because the sound adds to it.
I was with you right up until the hourly wage part...
Same here...
I worked a McDonald's during high school. I always did everything that I could to be helpful and polite, and it always made my day when a customer complimented me.
Are you working in a chain though? I just ask because a lot of chains have much stricter rules. I would have loved to be able to give away stuff when I was working at McDonald's but there's no way that we would be allowed to do that. We did have theses things on Fridays where every 50th car would get their entire order free. Obviously we wouldn't tell them until after they ordered, but it was still pretty great. My favorite one was seeing a family who was obviously a little tight on money come through. The ordered a decent amount; their total would have been around $40. The look on their faces when I got to tell them that their order was free made my whole week.
I found a different sort of chocolate-hazelnut spread that's not quite as bad for you. I was a bit ambivalent about trying it at first, but it turns out that I actually like it better without as much sugar.
This is a perfect example of why a poorly-managed/poorly-designed bike lane can be way more dangerous than none at all.
Just my hypothesis, but kids are always taught the dangers of roads, so they try to get across as fast as possible.
Yeah, the one who hit the car had some fairly severe injuries, but he made a full recovery. http://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2015/8/10/9126855/cyclist-crash-tour-of-utah-support-car-video
Well, for all we know, the poster was one of those people.
I memorized my library card number a few summers ago, because I was using it so much to check out books. It's 13 digits long, and I mix it up to form the base for some of my passwords.
Thanks for the giveaway! I'd like to enter for Battlefront II!
The extra mass made it so that the cammer was unable to stop in time. /s
I had to look up MOVE, because I wasn't familiar with it. I swear, my blood pressure went up just reading the Wikipedia article. I think that this current situation is one of the clearest indicators of racism that I've seen in a long, long time.
&gt;the county has stopped plowing and de-icing roads in some areas since militants took the refuge &gt;the state police Twitter feed blamed icy roads for the accident So, how's reducing government influence going for you?
I'm so used to reading BLM as black lives matter. It took me a while to realize that you meant the Bureau of Land Management.
That could be pretty hilarious. Black Lives Matter takes over the land of the Oregon Militia in order to "Return it to the people"
/r/nottheonion
No kidding. At first I was worried that I was going to see them die, but thankfully, that wasn't the case.
I ride a ton, and it amazes me just how many people pull out in front of me. I tend to ride at a fairly high pace, often matching the flow of traffic. The worst one that sticks out to me is when an idiot in a pickup pulled out in front of me when I was going around 30mph. I was only about ten feet from t-boning them, which could have easily landed me in the hospital...
You sound like an incredible person.
Yeah, my manager and the owner are really, really smart people (My manager is working as part of getting her Masters) , and they realized that annoying the customers isn't the brightest idea...
Thank you! For some reason I wasn't able to get flash installed on my browser, so I wasn't able to watch their video...
My guess is that it was even hotter than a house fire. That was a lot of stuff going up in flames...
You can get a used one for a shockingly low amount of money. Here's a Boxster for just under $11,000: http://www.hemmings.com/classifieds/dealer/porsche/boxster/1656056.html
But the poster assumed that they were supporting them... I feel like posting the ordinance, then offering a basic, non-confrontational explanation may be best.
The free market will decide for us!
Yeah, maintenance will bite you in the butt if you go for a cheap used sports or luxury car. Still, they aren't quite as expensive as one would expect...
Yeah, it's a remarkable echo chamber in there. I don't know why I actually thought that it would be interesting... Someone took the time to write out a great comparison between the NHS and the current American healthcare system filled with citations and sources, yet it's getting completely ignored. But a complete lack of regulation and support is better, because I heard about a doctor who doesn't like the ACA. Never mind that all of the doctors who I've talked to support it. They actually seem to care about their patients, and want them to get affordable treatment.
Also, I used to love the idea of AMAs, because the offered the opportunity for normal people to ask questions. However, the purpose is entirely defeated when the figure just ends up talking about memes and stale Reddit cliches while the reasonable and hard-hitting questions end up downvoted to the bottom and ignored. As much as I love this website, it can be absolute shit in some areas. AMAs are best suited for entertainers, not politicians.
The XPS 13 has an incredible reputation. I'd also recommend checking out the Thinkpad X1 Carbon, which I have. It's more expensive, but you can usually find coupons to bring it down to a similar price. I have a few friends with XPS 13s, and it seems like our computers are pretty much the same quality. The X1 is MIL-SPEC certified, too.
It's insane just how small computers can be made! I was wondering how small you could make a desktop if you just made it out of Ultrabook internals. My X1 Carbon already feels tiny, so I wonder what it would be like without a keyboard, screen, or battery.
That's not at all how physics works...
Also, they're fairly inexpensive to both install and repair after an accident.
The other answers are great, but I might as well toss in my two cents. Quite frankly, you don't really want to try a hill in conditions like this. But if you find yourself in this situation, do everything gradually. Braking, accelerating, and steering all need to be very gradual and deliberate. Also keep in mind that you want your tires rolling over the road, not sliding or spinning. Either way, you have very little traction...
How is it possible to get that, when you're trying for a pig?
That cameraman was pretty much the opposite of the typical one. They were off target until the crash happened, when the locked on, and kept it there, despite being zoomed in.
If I ever got rich enough to build a serious car collection, my parents' current Civic would be one of the first things to buy. Even though it wouldn't be special to anyone else, it's the car that I learned to drive in, and that I drove for a few years. I just have a certain emotional attachment to it, and I'd love to be able to keep it forever.
I learned my lesson my Junior Prom. Senior year, I went to Macy's during a sale. I got a decent three-piece suit for $130, tailored and everything. It fits pretty much perfectly, so it obviously looks worlds better than a shitty loose rented tux. Plus, it cost $40 less than a rental, and I get to keep it...
It's often even cheaper to buy a decent suit and get it tailored than to rent a tux. That shit got really expensive.
Do you have any idea as to how deep it is? I'm kind of curious...
That makes sense. Thanks for the explanation!
"I blacked out my tail lights so they work less!"
If I had a ton of money, it would be kind of hilarious to stance a Smart.
"I swear I'm a farm boy!"
Washington? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7iVsdRbhnc
Goes cross-eyed.
That's what I was thinking!
There's apparently a sewer main right under it, so it would be too expensive...
She did lose her license for a month, but still...
In 6th grade, some students from my school were on a field trip when someone ran a stop sign and hit the bus. No students were hurt, but the driver was killed instantly.
Even if you can't do a full lock-out tag-out, get as close as you can.
Oh man, my Environmental Studies class has been really hard. I know significantly more about engineering than most people in my class, and I've had to bite my tongue so much. I don't want to be "that guy", correcting everyone all the time, but it can be hard to avoid sometimes...
I would be so fucking pissed if someone put a bumper sicker on my car.
Thanks! I actually did a little bit of digging and found it, but I really appreciate the link!
Have you ever seen Stanley Roberts? He's a TV reporter who did a very similar thing in California. Here's his channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/TVman1981
That would be interesting to see in the desert!
Yeah, here in the US, school buses operate a bit differently from other types of buses. I don't think that any other types have the ability to stop traffic.
I just looked up the laws for Minnesota, and the minimum fine is $300. That's a pretty hefty chunk of change!
IIRC, websites like this are called "Typo squatters"
From the name, I assume that that is a system that selectively disables cylinders to help fuel economy. Is that correct?
...so like 5 USD? /s
No kidding. It even looks like the woman in the middle is pointing the gun at the guy she has her arm on...
Yeah, but that's $250 Canadian, so what, 25 cents in freedom dollars? /s I actually checked, and it looks like the real conversion is that $250 Canadian = ~$175 US
I actually use mine ~95% of the time when I don't have a mouse with me.
I have a Macintosh Classic II at home, and it only has 2mb of RAM...
Minnesota here, and I've not had issues. -40 with the car stored outside over the weekend, and it still started immediately...
That only works with manual transmissions. Here in the US, where I assume that person is from, automatics are way more common.
My biggest regret when it comes to driving was not learning stick before we sold our old car. We replaced a '96 manual Civic with a '15 CVT Forester. I love the Forester in pretty much every way, but I really would like to know stick...
That's my plan, but it will most likely be quite a while before I get a new car.
Great idea until he hits someone innocent.
Minneapolis: 1966 Turner MK III http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/wsh/cto/5415047564.html 1999 Isuzu Vehicross http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/hnp/ctd/5398614622.html 1967 Dodge A100 http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/ank/cto/5409155036.html 1969 Dodge Charger Daytona http://minneapolis.craigslist.org/wsh/cto/5408696023.html
The pop up on my 50d hasn't been deployed since I bought it used, 4 years ago. I kind of doubt that it was used much before, either, as I bought it from a pro who had just moved up.
I've been an enthusiast since I was 12, and somewhat of a professional for the last few months. Last summer, after graduating, a family friend asked me to shoot her wedding, and even offered to pay me a decent amount. I turned it down, because I know that I don't have the necessary gear or skills to do them justice. I would have felt really bad taking payment for my level of skill. They ended up hiring a much better photographer at my advice, and they got a bunch of great photos.
My family has been using roof racks for years, and there's never been a single issue. I always give my bikes a good shake after mounting to check to make sure that they're secure, too.
Just put on civilian night vision!
They actually submitted this as a link, so they can't add a description.
&gt;German John Degenkolb suffered a partially detached finger. Hopefully he makes a full recovery. I cringed pretty hard reading that.
I'm sure that it's totally useful and necessary on the campaign trail...
Hey, my mom used to be a professor there!
Don't go hating on KRON! Stanley Roberts is awesome!
I think that bicycling is actually a great comparison. Even though bikes are typically slower and less safe than cars, they still have access to the majority of roads. I wouldn't be surprised if autonomous cars eventually had some sort of superhighway, where they take advantage of adaptive cruise control and such to move much faster and closer, but I'd be surprised if manual control was completely removed.
There was one Aston Martin that was scrapped as part of the program, though... Still, I think that the program was, for the most part, good.
I cut my old tubes up and use them as chainstay protectors on my mountain bike. It's not the prettiest, but it works really well.
Yeah, I assumed as much, but it just reminded me of the comparison.
Eventually everything but the shell is shaken to bits, leaving just the metal shell bouncing in place...
I was afraid that she was going to lean in and catch her hair on fire.
This is the perfect use for a sticky comment!
That's a great comparison! Fairly affordable, but quite reliable. I wonder what cars my Kleins would relate to.
People seem to forget that the speed limit isn't a requirement...
I mean, that's really impressive if they actually made it, but that doesn't excuse how weird it would be to wear it every day.
My neighbor once came off his bike on a turn and caught his leg on the chainring. He ended up getting 90 stitches, as it cut from right above his ankle to right below his knee. Apparently he was pretty close to severing his Achilles tendon.
Velocipede master race!
Or privilege of any manner, really.
Or, how about the people who try to tell me that since I can't get to the speed limit on my bike, I can't ride on the road... Never mind that I usually can, and I've even managed to hit triple the limit in some areas...
Yeah, I'll occasionally ride two across, but my group always has an eye or two back, and we'll move over when we see a car. Occasionally, there are a few roads in my town where it isn't safe to pass wherever we are, so we stay in the middle of the lane, but we'll move over or even pull off if possible. People who ride without lights at night are idiots. You often even see them riding in all dark clothes against the flow of traffic. I've even yelled at a few people like that when I've been out riding.
Not that I'm necessarily condoning it, but a small chunk of ceramic from a spark plug can apparently be really easily be thrown through a window...
Google does have their own proprietary cars, though. https://www.google.com/selfdrivingcar/
&gt;That spell looks dangerous. Keep your distance. walks closer
I've done 45mph on my road bike, and it was insane how fast it felt. I can't even imagine what that would be like on a longboard.
You must not be familiar with Thinkpads. The P70 can be configured to be around $8,000...
Kinect is pretty good for parties, though. My old 360 is always a hit with Dance Central.
Actually, friction force doesn't rely on surface area. Only the normal force (pretty much equal to mass in this case) and the coefficient of friction matter.
My family could probably manage to buy cars more frequently, but we usually wait until it's really necessary to replace one. We bought a new Forester two falls ago when our '95 Civic crapped out. The last new car before that was an '07 Civic, when our previous car was totaled in a hailstorm. I'm 18, and I can only remember my family buying a car twice.
I don't know about where you are from, but traffic tickets make very little money for the city. Most income is from taxes.
Mistakes are fine, so long as they are made right, which it seems like you're doing here.
Honestly, the occupiers themselves are claiming that he wasn't surrendering! Shame on that representative.
Yeah. Unfortunately, there will be those who run with that claim, despite the other accounts. A lot of the damage has already been done. I just hope that the majority pick up on what the truth really is.
I just wish that it didn't have to. I'm especially disappointed in the Representative who spread the story about him being shot with his hands up.
It sounds like they will be putting new, better engines in.
I'm familiar with the term, but I don't get how it's relevant here.
My driver's ed teacher actually recommended this to us, and said that we could practice in the school parking lot, so long as no one else was around.
woof
It's not that hard to understand that the phrase "near miss" is describing something that was near, but ultimately missed, and not something that nearly missed.
How are riders that unaware? I mean, I have hundreds of miles of experience riding within a foot or two of other riders at 20+ mph, and I've never touched one of them...
Is it the vertical headtube?
If they're convicted on the charges that they face (which seems pretty likely), they'll be convicted felons, meaning that they loose their right to bear arms!
A year or two ago, there was a man who managed to bend a car's door to save someone inside. http://www.startribune.com/good-samaritan-pulls-man-from-burning-vehicle-on-i-35w/265224991/#cdGQ5rcKrdxyiMh2.97
No kidding. That's a lot of force to overcome. When they say that cars aren't built like they used to be, we ought to be glad for that. Tons of accidents now would be unsurvivable in older vehicles.
As awful as this sounds for your friend, she's really lucky that it wasn't a driver's side impact. I hope that she makes a full recovery, and that the other driver feels the full consequences of his actions.
Try searching using Google, but with the term "site:reddit.com" included. You can even add in the subreddit at the end (like "site:reddit.com/r/offmychest"). Good luck!
Why?
No problem! I hope that helps!
I wouldn't be surprised if it was a combination of both. Adrenaline probably helps, and depending on what's getting stuck, you might not be bending that large of a part. Plus, the car door itself can act as a pretty long lever.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
Huh, that's odd.
You should post this to one of the revenge subreddits! I'll leave it up to you whether it's better for /r/pettyrevenge or /r/ProRevenge
Or even a bicycle. My aluminum and carbon fiber road bike can still trigger the light sensors around here. I'm fairly certain that the only steel on that bike is in the chain and bolts.
I like how the one driver just nopes out to the exit.
Already removed?
I'll hold his insurance!
Why didn't you try to scare it off? Black bears are huge wusses, and it's easy to run them out of your yard.
Never underestimate what people will do if they think that they're saving money. Driving all over town to find a gas station where it's 2 cents less per gallon is another great example.
If you had to set them off, clustering them all in the middle of the ocean is probably your best bet.
I feel like the police ought to be able to issue tickets with that hashtag being the evidence. If they say that they were using their phone while driving, why not take their word for it?
Same with /u/verdegrrl, one of the mods of /r/cars.
No kidding. I recoiled when I saw that.
I'm wondering, could cutting phone cables get them in any sort of trouble for preventing contact with emergency services?
It's not my work, unfortunately!
I just looked it up, and the rooms aren't as expensive as you'd expect. It looks like you can stay there for the equivalent of less than $200 per night.
DAE asking for decent human decency = safe space?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
You sound like the sort of person who would complain about people immigrating to the US, then not completely abandoning their culture.
[Ford is just copying something else with that!](http://nhtheatreawards.org/data/sites/1/aaimages/graphics/sky%20and%20clouds/beautiful_sky-dsc01468-dws.jpg)
Bow ties can be even more fun! It's amazing how impressed people are when they learn that I can tie my own bow tie, despite it only taking 20 minutes or so to learn.
You making an offer?
What kind of heathen holds a DSLR like that?
Even when I'm driving my family's 2015 Forester, I still have to slow way down for speed bumps. Sure, I'm not in danger of scraping, but that's not the only annoyance.
The other source that they linked says that they died. I wouldn't be surprised if the pilot had stuck with the airplane, not wanting to eject over a built up area.
In the irritating youtube style, too.
The nerve of some people!
randompls!
They're actually designed to *absorb* a 5mph hit. That's the design criteria.
I can't believe you've done this.
How fast were they going? That looks like a pretty substantial amount of damage to the Nissan.
Along the wheel wells too.
&gt; all the Huayra and Agera's Ah yes, I'm getting so tired of everyone and their mother tooling around in their Ageras. /s
A sock with poop.
Congrats! I bet that it'll be great to see that on your ID.
Thanks for taking the time to give your statement!
Shit, I hate it when my legs fall off when I'm rock climbing. Does anyone have a source on the original?
I certainly hope so!
Not really. The Miata is the lightest of those, at around 2,200 pounds. The Fit is 2,500-2,600, and the Cobalt is 2,700 to 2,900 pounds. Besides, the Miata is a sports car, and the Cobalt hasn't been made since 2010. Modern cars, even small ones are quite heavy now. The Fiat 500 is 2,300-2,400 pounds, and something like the Honda Civic is close to 3,000.
Oh no, what a travesty! Seriously, though, maybe that's how they get the most enjoyment from it.
At the very least, the thought of that sent a shiver down my spine.
Are those the "Interceptors" that you're thinking of? I was laughing at the name in New York.
Any large group singing together does that for me, and it's even better when they're all good singers, or when it's something as emotionally charged as a national anthem.
Yeah, it's not exactly my favorite poem, but at least it's local. And saying that there is nothing beautiful in Northfield is just wrong. [Seriously](https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_674_240/AAEAAQAAAAAAAAamAAAAJDYzNjJiYTU0LWFiOWItNDlmYi04NDQ1LTJmMGQ4NzkwOGEwYw.jpg), [have](https://www.mnprivatecolleges.org/sites/default/files/images/colleges/20101207163847-TurbinePond.jpg) [they](https://photos.smugmug.com/Personal/2010/Northfield/n-4TXrF/i-MzBBxPf/0/X2/i-MzBBxPf-X2.jpg) [even](https://apps.carleton.edu/reason_package/reason_4.0/www/images_local/810173.jpg) [been] (https://www.mnprivatecolleges.org/sites/default/files/images/colleges/carleton-observatory.jpg) [here](http://wp.stolaf.edu/regentshall/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/campus_banner_51.jpg)? (Each word is a separate link)
Hearing 1,000 people sing 'O Holy Night in my college cafeteria was seriously one of the most amazing experiences of my life. My college has a really famous music program, and our choir might be the most famous branch. It's truly an incredible experience.
I caught that right of the bat as well! I still play that game from time to time. It's aged pretty nicely!
Yeah, and the bottomed out comment karma is a good indication as well.
&gt;Stale beer &gt;Nice mint smell Uh huh.
I managed to roll my tank in the middle of a battle today, but two of my team mates came to right me. It took a while, but they didn't give up, which was nice.
What if you had a bag of M&amp;Ms, but one had a peanut inside of it? Would you still eat them?
I've even done close to 50mph on my bicycle before.
I'm a cyclist and a photographer, which are both quite expensive. It's not unheard of to spend several thousand dollars on a bike, and cameras are frequently even more. I buy used to save money, and it's a big difference. My bikes would have been almost$5,000 new, but I got them for less than. $1,000. It's similar with my cameras and lenses.
Don't you know that Dylan Roof was totally a liberal, and not at all a hardcore ultra-rightwing Stormfronter? /s
That's exactly what I did when my parents insisted on installing TeamViewer on my laptop for college. Thankfully, I finally removed that piece of shit right before the current scandal.
I'd suggest dropping the blacks a bit. All of that negative space looks a bit too light.
Eh, it was a good excuse to get familiar with Linux anyways. We managed to talk things through, so they're fine without it now.
Yeah, I had bad grades first semester, so they thought that I was playing too many games. In reality, I had just signed myself up for too ambitious of a class set. After I aced the next class, they were fine with it again.
Yeah, but they wear boots at work, so those are obviously work boots!!!!!!
Every so often, I think to myself "There's no way that people are *that* racist", and then I see another post like this. It's amazing how they don't even try to hid it.
I'd suggest a Thinkpad, unless you plan on doing serious gaming. I got a Thinkpad X1 Carbon last year, and it has been excellent. Their reliability is legendary.
I've lived in a big variety of places. I was born in a city of around 10 million people, but soon moved to a city with around 50,000 people. Then, I moved to the town where I currently live, which has around 20,000. I did spend a year in a city with a metro population of almost 40 million, but that was just temporary. In general, I've like things about everywhere I've lived, but if I was forced to choose, I would take a big city.
I have a pair of black Audio-Technica ATH-M50xs. They're pretty much perfect for my purposes - over ear with good sound quality and interchangeable cables.
They are dangerous. I seem to recall hearing about a few deadly accidents involving them.
Now, I'm not familiar with firearms, but that doesn't sound like too big of an issue to me. It seems like it ought to be easy enough to correct for.
I once taped a bunch of those to the tips of some nerf darts. That was a ton of fun!
I wonder if those huge glasses will ever make a comeback?
It's interesting watching how his glasses changed over the years. His current ones are pretty similar to his original ones.
That reminds me of someone who was arrested a few years ago here in MN. He threw a bunch of heavy objects at cars, even knocking one driver out. http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2012/03/07/man-charged-with-assault-for-throwing-vise-at-vehicle/
I'm fairly certain that you have to stop when entering from a private drive, at least here in Minnesota. Besides, like you said, it's just common sense. At worst, you're just taking a second or two longer, in order to possibly prevent a severe accident.
I'm not sure where you are, but I wonder if there's a law in place that raises the speed limit on certain roads while passing, like in MN. Here, a road like that has the speed limit raised 10mph when passing.
If only you could have gone hands-free, to flip them off with both hands...
Yeah, but apparently the risk was inherent enough in this product to warrant a recall.
My throat hurts just hearing that.
Dogs really ought to be belted in. Sure, it might help them in a crash, but it'll also keep them from flying into you. Plus, they can't jump out the window, like in the second story.
You're right. He was fired, then the other two quit.
They have a show coming on Amazon, called The Grand Tour. I think that they were talking about Top Gear itself, when they said nothing. BBC got a new host, but the views are plummeting.
I'm a photographer. $200 per client for senior portraits can add up pretty quickly, especially when they're usually less than 10 hours apiece.
Especially good reaction, since we knew that they were coming.
I didn't see them. It sounds pretty cool, though! If you made it all the way to the end of the American car section, the black 1968 Mercury Cougar was my friend's.
Those are pretty sweet! I don't have any particularly good shots of his car at the meet, but I got [this](https://photos.smugmug.com/Clients/Tyler-Hepler/n-BDmBbs/i-gD6tHjC/0/X2/i-gD6tHjC-X2.jpg) right afterwards.
Unless you're willing to keep it in your room, definitely go with a crappy bike. I have two very nice bikes, but I never leave them outside. That's just asking for trouble. My roommate's $300 bike got stolen, so there's no way that I'd leave anything remotely nice outside.
It all depends on what you prioritize. My laptop was almost $1300, but it really doesn't handle games all that well. Still, 10 hours of battery from a 0.7" thick, sub-3 pound laptop more than pays off for that.
Looks like a water main break to me. Does anyone have more details?
Nice job going above and beyond!
They're supposed to be pretty tasty, too. I would totally try a cooked one.
Yeah, and depending on the school, it's possible that the tickets were fairly expensive as well.
I treated my clothes with that before I started working for the Conservation Corps. Everyone else in my crew got a ton of ticks, but I only ever found one on me, and it hadn't even bitten.
[I might as well.](http://i.imgur.com/mZeQiim.jpg)
I didn't take the SAT, but I got 35 on the ACT. My GPA was 3.5, and I go to St. Olaf College.
What was humble about that shit?
What lenses?
I'd highly recommend checking Craigslist for used cameras. If you're willing to not get something brand new, you can often save a ton of money, and even get something nicer. A few years ago, I got my current camera, a Canon EOS 50d, for less than $400. It's way nicer than anything that I could have bought new for that kind of money.
Hey, great to see another car photographer here! Do you have any other work that you'd like to share? I really like car photography as well! I'm actually a professional photographer, just not with cars yet.
Good luck!
Could be worse. The worst haircut of my life happened the day before a bunch of reporters came for a school project that I was part of. I was in my town's paper, the largest one in my state, and the Washington Post, looking like I couldn't keep a bowl still on my head...
What's the original song?
That reminds me of slightly annoying version of People Behaving Badly.
If anyone was confused by the part about the parachute, I think that I can clarify a bit. Some small planes have parachutes that can be deployed to bring the entire plane down to a somewhat softer landing. It'll still be hard, but it beats hitting at terminal velocity. Of course, they need enough altitude to open, which it sounds like was not the case here.
Do you know how the people on board ended up?
I must have been using outdated info then. I've not heard a ton about them since Popular Mechanics ran a story not long after they first debuted. It's really cool hearing that they've managed to improve them that much!
Is this practically the retro version of the "Did you over look at someone and wonder - what is going on inside their head?"?
Cammer passes it right when the video starts at the linked time.
Yep. 52 British MPG is roughly equal to 43 US MPG.
I actually really like the way that they look.
My high school physics teacher is good friends with someone really high up in the LIGO hierarchy. They actually gave a presentation to my class last year, a while before their discovery broke. It was pretty cool seeing that all over the news, and already having a pretty good idea of what that meant!
Thanks! One of the biggest tricks to car photography is getting low. It makes pretty much any car look much more interesting and aggressive.
Well, I'm in a bit of a weird situation, but I'll answer anyways. When I was little, there was one girl who I was really good friends with. However, my family moved away when I was 5, and we had only seen each other twice since then, the last time being almost 9 years ago. We fell out of touch, but reconnected a few weeks ago. It turns out that we both missed each other quite a bit, and we've quickly moved from "friends reconnecting" to "friends again". So, I have to say that, at least in my case, having a childhood friend means being friends with someone in a much stronger, more enduring way.
5'10, and 140lbs.
[Lights - Slow Down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01-oK2umgW4)
I mean, I don't know if that's how *all* jobs will be. I work at a grocery store, but I get guaranteed full time, without any sort of jerking around over getting called in. I work in the deli, so the work itself is pretty interesting. I even get paid for holidays, whether I work them or not, and I'll eventually be eligible for paid time off.
I'm not sure if it's because of friends like that, but I definitely find it easy to trust other people. I'm just a pretty outgoing person, though, so I've never had a ton of trouble getting to know new people.
I'm guessing that you don't shoot much action? I usually stick to Aperture Priority, with manual ISO. It gets too hectic shooting wildlife, otherwise. I don't have to worry about white balance, though, since I shoot entirely in Raw.
Go to a really nice restaurant. I've been lucky enough to have eaten at several restaurants with a single Michelin star, and even one with two stars. Sure, they are expensive as fuck, but it they were an absolutely incredible experience.
Even if you're old enough to work, there's still a good chance that you're too young for nude photos.
In some parts of the state, you can find rocks chock full of fossils in road cuts out in the country.
It's a very different sort of disaster, but my family had just driven over the I-35 bridge the day before it collapsed. It's certainly terrifying knowing what happened right where we were, not too long before.
Whoops.
Unfortunately, I don't.
It's pretty telling that we were pretty much able to pick things up where they left off, despite nine years without any contact.
Different bikes have different characteristics. Some are made lighter for climbing, while others are made with aerodynamics more in mind. They might have different gearing ratios, too.
[Me after a nice mountain bike ride.](http://i.imgur.com/mZeQiim.jpg)
Or a lizard. [Just look at the second face here.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/c9/The_Invasion_Front_Cover.jpg)
There's more than one context to free speech. What you linked is free speech with regards to the government. We're talking about free speech with regards to Reddit, which those mods absolutely are limiting.
No kidding. This would benefit both drivers and cyclists. Really any road users. I was driving the other day, and almost t-boned someone because they just blew straight through a stop sign without so much as looking. Sure, retaking my license exam every two years would be inconvenient, but I would gladly do it if it reduced the number of terrible drivers out there.
Thanks for the giveaway!
I'd even recommend saving more than half of your paychecks. I've always saved at least 80%, and that left me with almost $8,000 at the end of high school. That was a big deal when it came to paying for the first year of college. That's a lot less debt, and I still often had a good $60 to spend per week during the summer.
Are you able to get a job? It could be a good way to get out and pass the time, plus you can make money to spend on all sorts of things.
I shaved my legs for cycling, and it took a really long time. To reduce the risk of cuts, use a ton of shaving cream, and take very short strokes, rinsing the blade in between each one. You don't want to press very hard, either, since that makes you much more likely to cut yourself.
I'm not normally one to do that sort of digging, but I had just tagged them earlier today because of some of those comments. It was a bit surprising at first when I came across them here, because I usually imagine people my age or younger to be much more tolerant.
Of course that depends on how clearly you know what you want to do. My college has a lot of really cool programs around my major, and you'd miss them by transferring in later. But, if you don't know what exactly you want to do, it definitely makes a lot of sense to get the pre-requisites out of the way first.
I really like it so far. My coworkers are really nice, the work itself has a nice bit of variety, the hours are great (both in the timing and the amount!), and the pay is nice! I'll even be eligible for holiday pay and paid time off before too long.
If anything, their being in different threads indicates a broader, more long-term pattern. If you are trying to be more tolerant, I do applaud you for that.
Yeah, at those sort of rates of fire, everything just blends together. I've seen a video of a device that's capable of firing over 1 million rounds per minute. It fired almost 200 times, and it just sounded like one shot.
And it's not like any of that debt was there before.
Implying that we care.
Or do. It can be pretty nice in the summer.
I've been done since May 24th.
[Not as funny as this difference.](http://i.imgur.com/DmEcBLw.jpg)
Someone has tasted a different chunk, and they said that it tasted like cheese.
I had an Environmental Studies class last year with a professor who specializes in studying the effects that permafrost loss have on climate change. The amount of greenhouse gasses contained by the permafrost is *massive*. Melting not only allows methane to escape, but it also lets the plant matter trapped inside decompose. I forget the exact numbers, but there is an incredibly large amount of biomass in the permafrost. A complete loss would devastate the climate, causing huge problems that are pretty much impossible to describe. [This is the project that my professor worked on, if anyone wants to take a deeper look.](http://www.thepolarisproject.org/)
I was surprised to see something so close to me!
It's pretty much constant now. It's gotten to the point where I'm not really a fan of talking about Reddit to new people, just because I don't want to be associated with them.
Now I really want to know what happened.
It's pretty funny, how you talk about bans like that.
&gt; not putting things on tight Don't forget the putting things on too tight as well!
I'm sure that Target is advertising on three year old accounts...
TBH, there are tons of photos here that aren't beautiful, amazing, or spectacular. Just on the front page right now, there is this, a photo of a tree with woodpecker damage, a photo of someone with a baby, a photo of a child's letter, a photo of a car stuck on a rock in a parking lot, two mildly interesting tattoos, pizza boxes in an airport, and someone in a tub full of Reeses.
No, I haven't.
You can filter specific subs out using RES. I highly suggest doing so.
What a shame that there's not another six inches of lift on that truck. It looks like the lotus would be able to fit under it, then.
The other day, I had to drive my mom to the airport at 2:30am, and it was hard deciding between going to bed early or just staying up. I went to bed in the end, because I wanted to be awake for the drive back.
That, and it constantly keeps the CPU busy. I had to remove it from my laptop, because it was idling around 30% CPU usage, which really hurt battery life. It's too bad, because I really liked [the way that it looked](http://i.imgur.com/F8W5tls.png).
I'm pretty sure that it was right near the bottom.
Blue team.
/r/TalesFromTheSquadCar is pretty amazing. It's a lot smaller than some of the other TalesFromThe_____ subs, but the quality is amazing. The top posts of all time are pretty great. There's a mix of very serious and emotional posts and humorous ones.
My guess is that they were watching the car turning from the same road that OP was on, and didn't bother actually making sure that they were clear.
It means pretty much the same thing as saying a nearby miss.
Of course. Even though rolling often looks way worse, you bleed off the energy over a longer time, so as long as you are belted in, it's way better than hitting a stationary object.
And being brown.
I haven't! A liberal small town with two colleges in Minnesota is pretty much the perfect place for cyclists. It seems like bikes can outnumber cars at times.
&gt; live in my fondest dreams. So, Minnesota, then? I've never had any issues with drivers at all.
Your point being?
The overwhelming consensus among climate scientists is that this is almost entirely due to human influences, and they're the only people who's views carry scientific merit.
Yeah, but one degree can have a much larger effect that most people believe. That's enough to trigger positive feedback that will continue to push the climate further and further off balance.
Volcanoes tend to cool, if anything.
What is your source on that? One of my Environmental Studies professors last year is an expert on climate change, and he never mentioned a single thing about rivers being "the cooling system of the world".
Wow, I've really been convinced by that argument!
http://science.sciencemag.org/content/302/5651/1719 The first sentence of that abstract: &gt;Modern climate change is dominated by human influences, which are now large enough to exceed the bounds of natural variability. http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/abs/ha00110y.html &gt;Our climate model, **driven mainly by increasing human-made greenhouse gases and aerosols among other forcings**, calculates that Earth is now absorbing 0.85±0.15 W/m2 more energy from the Sun than it is emitting to space. (emphasis mine) http://science.sciencemag.org/content/292/5515/270 &gt;the chances of either the anthropogenic or observed signals being produced by the PCM as a result of natural, internal forcing alone are less than 5% http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v407/n6804/abs/407617a0.html &gt;We expect global mean temperatures in the decade 2036–46 to be 1–2.5 K warmer than in pre-industrial times under a 'business as usual' emission scenario. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1029/2004JD005075/full &gt;The spatial pattern of height increase is consistent with climate model predictions of the expected response to anthropogenic influences alone, significantly strengthening earlier detection results. There. If you want to keep arguing that it's not of human causes, it's your turn to find five peer review journal articles that say so.
What you linked doesn't even mention dams once, let alone say that we must remove them to eliminate climate change. Besides, the hydrologic cycle causes no net transfer of energy between earth and space (with the exception of the effects of changing albedo).
It's scary that you can say that was getting lucky. Did you end up with much of a scar?
[There are actually things called water bears, but they're hardly intimidating.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tardigrade)
Yeah, I was waiting for something like a Vespa.
&gt;They even gave me a free Qu'ran. Can't you read?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? /s
"Respect the presidency" they said to critics of Bush...
Thank you for taking the time to report the other driver. Hopefully they face consequences as well.
Sure, the climate has changed before, but the overwhelming majority of climate scientists agree that anthropogenic factors are the primary cause of the sudden shift that we have seen lately. No one else's opinion matters here. Anyone who says otherwise is working with incomplete data, and a misunderstanding of how to analyze it.
No kidding about the nutrition. My grandfather grew up in Korea under Japanese rule, and suffered from some malnutrition. He's very short, probably just a little bit over five feet. Now, he's healthy, but that seriously impacted his development.
All of the stop lights in my town have symbols painted over the detectors to let bikes know where to wait. They're even sensitive enough to pick up full carbon bikes with carbon wheels.
He did run a red, though, so he's definitely the one at fault. That doesn't make it any less sad, though.
That's cute on both ends, coming from a Minnesotan. Our record high is actually hotter than Florida's, and our record low is -60. I've biked to school on days where the windchill is less than -40, and gone for road rides on days where it's in the mid 90s.
Never mind the lawsuits about discrimination in his housing.
To provide a counterpoint to that, shouldn't politicians change to represent the public? They represent us, so I see it as a good thing when they change their stances to match what the people want.
No kidding. From the way that some people approach Benghazi and her emails, you would think that she was there in Benghazi, personally killing people, and directly forwarding her emails to everyone on the terror watchlist.
Too late, now you will.
That doesn't mean that it couldn't be racist.
Not a humble brag when they pull that sort of comment! Thanks for your work, and congrats on having it as response to that!
No kidding. I remember reading an article, I believe in the New Yorker, where they followed him on tour. When he was bored, he would go around hitting people in the balls, then get pissy if someone hit him back. I don't care how famous or young you are, that's just not acceptable behavior.
FCA is a mess in general. I am lusting over the Fiat 124, though. It's hard not to find the Hellcat cool, either.
That's what I love about him. He's just a guy having a ton of fun eating good food. So what if he's a bit strange?
I mean, they're all brown.
[Just one MTB, but I sure love my Kleins.](http://i.imgur.com/djWqsgV.jpg)
I love hearing Klein mentioned. Sure mine are nowhere near state-of-the-art, but I absolutely love them. It's fun getting all the attention that they bring, too.
They'd be disappointed with me, then.
I love how he kind of wanders over with it, seeming unsure of how to use it.
Oh my. I'm glad that they made the change. I love the cartoon look. Plus, it's helped them age so well.
Many hotels won't rent to people below their mid 20s. It's similar with quite a few rental car firms.
Because they don't trust teenagers. Sure, 18 year olds are legal adults in most places, but it doesn't mean that we're fully mature yet. It's all just calculated risk.
You're not kidding about the harsh ride, but none of the trails in my area are going to give me any issues with that bike. I'll definitely want to get a better bike at some point, but it'll do for now.
I think that I can agree with you on that! It's really fun reading about the history of the brand. Gary Klein sounds like quite the interesting person.
You might want to have gaming power when you're around your desk, but still have a laptop with good battery life when you're away.
Rolls-Royce is perfectly suited for driverless cars.
I love Driver: San Francisco! I spent so much time seeing how large of a pileup I could cause on the highway. Eventually, I would get enough cars in one that the physics would start breaking down, leading to interesting results.
See, that's just being a smart businessman! You obviously remember it too, so you'll keep going back. It's really a win-win situation.
If they do come, it would be amazing if my college switched to Peugeot, since [our logo](http://stolaftickets.universitytickets.com/images/stolaf/lion.gif) is quite close to [theirs.](http://www.car-brand-names.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Peugeot-logo-2.jpg)
I'm pretty sure that you can see the white and blue car stall out around 0:25. Formula 1 cars are notoriously difficult to get going without stalling, so I wouldn't be surprised if these were similar.
I'm kind of biased, but I haven't ever seen a bike that's quite as pretty as my Quantum.
Ok, scout.
I've seen a video somewhere were a semi was there causing a crash. I recall hearing that the driver lost their CDL over that.
Try working retail. I work in a deli, and we had about half an hour today where we didn't have a price tag on one cut of meat. In that time, I got at least a half a dozen "Well, if there's not price, it must be free, huh?" sort of comments. It's hard to stay professional when faced with that.
Yeah, but that's a sustained effort. It's not too hard to see someone getting that fast, but it's still weird to write it that way. I mean, my top speed is 48.1mph, and I don't even live near any particularly large hills.
Karaoke and Karate are the ones that really do it to me. I lived in Japan for a while, so it kind of hurts to hear the American pronunciation, but I sound like an ass using the Japanese one...
But they're all brown anyways. /s
Exactly.
I remember debating someone on climate change, and when I made a point they came back essentially demanding not one, not two, but *five* peer-reviewed papers from reputable journals. Just for the hell of it, I went ahead and found them, telling them that they had to do the same in order to counter any of my points. I guess that they weren't a fan of being treated that way, because they never responded...
That photo in the car slayed me.
So in other words, the injuries would have been much worse if that was a Mustang?
"But I'm not driving a normal vehicle, so normal vehicle rules don't apply!"
Oh god, college now is insane. I had a job from the summer after the junior year of highschool, and saved at least 80% of each paycheck. I also got over $2,000 from my grad party, and yet all of that barely covered my first semester of freshman year, in combination with federal loans. I'm also paying very, very little for my college, as I get 80% off tuition since my mom works there, plus I got one of their top scholarships. However, that only applies to tuition, when room and board are way more expensive now as well. Even with getting a full meal plan, it's almost $10 per meal, and room itself is way up there too.
My grandfather is really interesting in this regard. Setting up virtual machines, building his own computers, and even toying around in Linux are all like second nature to him, but trying to use email (or god forbid Facebook) or his cable box are a huge challenge for him.
Chvrches Brandi Carlile The Eagles Lights Empire of the Sun
No kidding. My parents paid for pretty much all of my expenses (car, gas, insurance, food, etc.) at that age, and I still knew what sort of expenses I would face on my own.
Stupid, unoriginal novelty account.
$9/hr here in MN, and set to go to $9.50 in August.
Classic "It won't completely solve the problem, so we might as well not bother!"
No, it exists to make raising a civilian milita easier. Besides, anyone actually believes that they could effectively fight against the government, rifles or not, is a complete idiot. I've worked with infrared visioning systems that can see a person in the brush from hundreds of yards away, and that's just stuff available to NPS rangers. The military has all sorts of equipment that might as well be magic when compared to what is available for civilian use.
So, if we can't entirely solve the problem in one go, we ought not to even try?
[How does back to the '70's count for "years and years of scandal?"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/inside-the-governments-racial-bias-case-against-donald-trumps-company-and-how-he-fought-it/2016/01/23/fb90163e-bfbe-11e5-bcda-62a36b394160_story.html)
Because they're immature, and react accordingly.
Ah yes, post WWII, where America really was only great for white people, and men in particular.
I'm sure that you'd definitely feel the same way without government.
&gt; humans role in it is very exaggerated but it's a scientific fact that the world goes through hot and cold periods and we're getting hotter at the moment. That is false. The vast majority of climate scientists agree that anthropogenic factors have contributed to a significant portion of recently observed climate change.
To be honest, even paying for college is kind of terrifying. I had almost $8,000 saved at the beginning of my freshman year, and that barely covered my first semester. That's with scholarships and family discounts, too.
&gt;f/3.5 &gt;high speed sure...
That's why we can't approach things just one solution at a time. A push for electric cars must be accompanied with a push to move to cleaner sources of energy (wind, hydro, solar, and nuclear). Lots of environmental fixes work like that, where they need to be applied together to have the greatest impact.
Even the integrated graphics in my laptop is capable of supporting three monitors.
The extra waste involved in that disgusts me.
It even looked like the cammer was holding a nice pace, too!
A family friend of mine is wealthy enough to have bought a Ferrari 458 as an impulse purchase, yet his daughter's first car was a '98 Camry. I'd consider him to be doing it right! He was nice enough to let her drive his Toyota 2000GT to prom, though...
It effectively changes the gear ratio throughout the pedal stroke, in order to compensate for the variance in how much power your legs can put down in various positions.
No, convert later, after the Pound has had a chance to fall. You want to buy when it's weak.
I don't have a car of my own (shit's expensive), but I can take my parents' 2007 Civic or 2015 Forester pretty much whenever I want. They're way nicer than anything that I could afford on my own anyways.
I really want to see a friend that I've not seen in over 9 years, but it'll still be another year before we get the chance...
Will you stay in Britain, or do you think that you might move to a country in the EU?
Crap! My mom was in Akihabara not two weeks ago! I'll have to see what I can find online...
I think that you forgot the sarcasm tag.
Or add another zero if you want to lead the gang. Or do both, and really impress them. My neighbor's brother has a $25,000 bike.
The only way to keep a nice bike on campus is in your room. I have a pair of pretty nice bikes, and I kept them under my lofted bed.
I think that it's less a sharp edge, and more just a heavy object falling quickly on their neck or head.
My campus is so small that there's no need to bike for transportation. I can walk pretty much anywhere in less than 10 minutes, and usually even can manage in under five.
Yep! I have both a road bike and a mountain bike. You can see how I had them in [this picture.](http://i.imgur.com/ykp7yF7.jpg)
He's a world champion in the master's track cycling series, though. I believe that he holds three world records for his age group.
That would be a bit strange, although I certainly wouldn't mind having a second one of either of those bikes.
One of my roommate's brother told us that trick. I really came to appreciate it over the year.
Yeah, it was entirely sponsored. It would be lovely to be good enough to get sponsored.
There's more accountability for them. If the owner or manager of a small shop doesn't believe you or feel like making it right, you only have legal options then. With a chain, you can always go to corporate.
Carbon fiber, and not really all that much of it.
No more frames per second. Now, it's frames per account.
[You would hate the Countach, then.](http://s1.cdn.autoevolution.com/images/news/lamborghini-countach-spare-wheel-video-91318_1.jpg)
My parents' Forester has Eyesight, and I don't think that it could have prevented this. Not only does it have a narrow FOV, but it also can't physically change braking distance. I don't think that it would have been possible for the car to stop, or even slow down enough in time.
Even with all of that idiocy aside, it's not like there are all that many places to ride off the road. My town has a single trail, only about three miles long. That's not going to work all that well if I'm looking to ride anything more than 10 miles or so...
[It reminds me a bit of this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17XBW5OZdOM)
Plus, it should handle the shitty roads fairly well.
Is that true?! If so, my Youtube habits have just changed a ton!
I still have a hard time grasping the density of metal. If I had to guess the weight of that, there's no way that I would say 30,000 pounds.
Ok, Terraria.
I have a regular job, but I also do some gardening and photography on the side. I charge $10/hr for gardening, and charge varying amounts for photography, but it usually works out to around $20/hr. I've also done some babysitting at $20/hr, but that was a fluke. Still, it was afternoons for two weeks, so I built up a good chunk of cash.
You're going to do some serious long-term harm to yourself. I would highly suggest stopping immediately.
[Bonnie Raitt - I can't make you love me](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW9Cu6GYqxo)
You can still put a lot of effort into composition! I'm actually a professional photographer, and my biggest tip is to take a ton of photos. Whenever you see something interesting, don't just take one photo of it. Move around, trying different angles. You can always delete ones that don't turn out.
What bike do you have? I'm kind of interested in touring, but my road bike doesn't have any rack mount points, and it's really, really stiff.
I have a 2000 Klein Quantum, which is not only an aluminum frame, but an aluminum frame from a manufacturer known for having particularly stiff bikes. Also, it only has clearance for 25mm tires, so that's a bit of a limiting factor. Thanks for the tip on the seat post rack! I'll have to look into that, because I've been dreaming about riding to visit a friend at college. She's 120 miles away, so it's probably on the edge of what I'd feel comfortable doing in a day.
&gt;Taillights are blackened out so they work less. [Sounds like someone watches RCR...](https://youtu.be/P_GJGLy3EVE?t=40s)
I like how the only colors are white, red, and black, including the license plates. At least if you ignore the registration sticker and month...
Is there a way that you could rig up crank arms for beer taps or something along those lines?
No kidding. It looks really awkward to throw.
Or, they are just rich.
I doubt it, but neither did I.
But cars have more, and as we all know, more is always better.
The only way that I can see a civilian being able to help an officer at all would be in some sort of fairly basic first aid occurrence.
I'd love to enter for the giveaway! Thanks!
Something in the rear spokes won't cause an endo. It won't be pretty, but it's the front wheel that causes that.
Definitely don't skip the gloves. Road rash sucks, but it's especially terrible if it's on your hands...
You'd still be better served by a used bike at that price. Sure, they can manage around town, but you ought to be able to get something much lighter and more reliable for the same price.
No kidding about depreciation. If you factor in inflation, my bikes together cost over $5,000 new, yet I was able to buy them for a total of $800 used. They still outperform any new bikes around what I paid for them, despite being a little on the old side.
Can confirm. Source: [my dorm room.](http://i.imgur.com/ykp7yF7.jpg)
I was pleasantly surprised by how little space they took up. Thanks! I've loved them since I bought them. I feel like everyone in college ought to have a nice pair of headphones.
I got lazy by the end of the year, and just left them unlocked. I did lock them up over breaks still, though.
