Glad you gave him credit, but you should really be mentioning that in the title. Poor guy's gifs are plastered all over here within minutes of him putting them on his site.
It was May 31st. There were people, both free and paid, who were planning to cancel right after the PPV. They were trying to keep them by announcing all of that.
There was a kid losing his shit in Cena/Owens.
Good point, but that doesn't make it right. I'd bet you at least 90% of the news articles on here are to ripoff sites. I used to wonder why the mods allow it, until people started suggesting that one or more of them must have some sort of financial stake in one of those ripoff sites.
I interpreted the article as saying that you may have defeated the aliens, but the planet was so ravaged that they decided to surrender once it was over.
1) Taylor has probably been in management longer than he was a wrestler at this point. 2) Its not Taylor who makes the big decisions. Vince has a certain way of running things, and that's how the system operates. One of the biggest no-nos in the entire company is thinking you're hot shit. Was Rollins better than a new trainee who came in off the street? Sure. But if he was acting like it, the company would rather take the trainee.
Yes. It was shot in a wider aspect ratio, but framed 4:3...there was equipment and such visible on the edges. Besides, the restoration was done to clean up what was shot, not to alter it.
Yeah, it's like something in the brain just can't compute having such a wide, distant vista that fills up your peripheral vision.
That was right before he and the other three left. I believe Kevin Sullivan has just become the booker again. Of course, Benoit's wife used to be married to Sullivan. If I remember correctly, putting the belt on Benoit was supposed to demonstrate to the locker room that everything was cool, everyone was getting chances. No bad blood. The foot under the ropes was their way of giving themselves an out, if Benoit decided to leave.
Only if you bring a photo of Kevin Owens for him to sign.
Takes the reporter a bit to realize what's actually going on...his initial reaction here was to just narrate the scene, and how there's debris raining down.
Still a G, dude. Still a G.
It also used Braveheart music.
Yes yes yes No no no
I don't think it's really a WWE thing. It's been common in all of wrestling for any interviewer to be short. I'm actually surprised Tom got the job in the first place.
Well just don't let her know he's got a decent car, or you'll never see her again.
This is cool, and I'm happy the guy is doing something he enjoys, but I really hope he got it all cleared through the proper channels ahead of time. WWE is very down on people going out and doing their own projects unless they have control and get a piece. Edit: I have no idea why I was downvoted without people trying to explain their opinions. I can't think of a single instance where the company has supported someone engaging in their own business venture--especially one without WWE branding, using a different name.
I'm guessing you got downvoted because people thought you were making a joke. While that may be possible, there is indeed a bounty hunter "theme," played on the bassoon.
Obviously some of the favorites are already listed, but I wanted to make sure "The Asteroid Field" was mentioned. You can almost *feel* the Falcon swooping.
There's what's called a "leitmotif" that plays for him. It's not as full-blown as, say, Yoda, but there's kind of a menacing series of notes on the bassoon for Fett.
Google it. It has its own Wikipedia entry, and is actually called that.
Hmm...what if it was a special on the Network? I could see some people subscribing to see that.
Why would someone go to all that trouble when they can just steal a gif from cwmonkey's site, and amass the same amount of karma?
Umm the picture shows the plane after the wings were removed.
Whether this interview is old or not doesn't really matter--this is an opinion many wrestlers hold, and I've never cared for it. It's essentially the same as saying that fans of *anything* don't have the right to discuss or criticize it. Should football fans stop talking about the NFL unless they've played professionally? Of course not. And just because I've never been a paid wrestler doesn't mean my opinions are automatically invalid, or that I shouldn't use "insider" terms because I'm somehow unworthy. I get it, there was a time when kayfabe was closely guarded, and wrestlers looked at themselves as an elite club, but those times are gone. We know how matches work, we know how the business operates, and we're entitled to our opinions.
Some sort of giant Stargate thing that one of the characters invented.
Why wouldn't they *say* that? "The park hasn't been this crowded in months." "That Christmas sale package is going to turn out to be the only that that'll keep us out of the red this year."
Don't be a douche.
Dude. A little girl uses gymnastics to kill a raptor.
The idea that Turner was heavily involved in WCW is just a fiction created by Vince. It was something he liked, and something he respected because it helped TBS gain prominence as one of the first big cable channels, but I don't think he paid much attention to it--certainly not enough to discuss it in any depth in a book.
It's not about the quality of the production. It's about the content. It's about showing people who someone really is, regardless of whether or not you include stuff from other promotions.
Legitimate question: Why are they only sending an orbiter? I feel like they'll eventually have to send a lander anyway, so why not do it all at once?
On top of that, how was Kimbo able to pop right up and start swinging? If he wasn't put away by the choke, wouldn't he at least have been a little woozy?
Evan Bourne could probably give you a lift.
I always appreciate the effort that goes into compiling these, and I'll happily visit a site instead of having them here as a text post. That being said, the little "share bar" on the left side of the screen on mobile drives me batty. I don't know if you put it there yourself or if it was just part of a template, but it's a little intrusive, and I doubt it prompts anyone to post it on Digg anyway.
Michaels said the company pitched this to him, and he felt the teacher/student thing had been done before, and didn't interest him.
Ok, so where can I find some dinosaur drawings done the "right" way?
They really didn't go outdoors much at all, due to cost. Shooting on location is infinitely more expensive than using sets. So yeah, when they actually did go outside, they stayed close to LA.
HE SAID TO BE POSITIVE
Yeah, it's part of their style. Has been for a long time. Watch any WWF Hogan match, then look at him in Japan.
The live component is just a big waste of time, which could be better spent showing the actual competition.
Whether or not the segments were any good is irrelevant--you don't just drop an entire storyline with no reason. Was I super invested in what was going on? Of course not. But it's insulting to dedicate so much time to something, then have the company expect that I'm not going to be annoyed when it just vanishes with no explanation. I mean, seriously...even a two-minute segment where Brie turns heel and joins Nikki would've been better than nothing.
More Legends Roundtable. A "storyline" option that will show only the segments related to a certain storyline from TV and PPV.
They weren't over enough for Rikishi to mention them, apparently.
OHHHHHH MYYYYYYYY
The real question is, why are sites like these allowed to be posted here?
It's all thanks to his good friend Diamond Dallas Page and DDP Yoga! He can do it anywhere, and recommends the Max Pack!
It's worth pointing out that Lawler has said he has a lot of books with these kinds of jokes in them. Not that that makes them any less funny, of course.
It's Michael Buffer, and WCW paid him...guess how much? Per appearance. He flew in, stood in the ring for less than five minutes, and read off of index cards. $50,000. Every time.
Yeah, I always found that to be a little f'd up...part of the "old way" of doing things. I mean, the company wants you to have a certain look, but it's on you to spend thousands of dollars to get your outfits made up? I mean, if they want to be considered "entertainment," I kind of doubt Arnold is responsible for getting his own leather jackets made up for when he plays the Terminator.
I just wanted to point out that this book was just released. I bought it because of this post, and it's *amazing*!
Maybe we should just all start a mad dash to post a link to the original source every time someone posts something from lordz of wrestledoodz around here, and that's the one we upvote.
Two teams swing chairs at each other. Chairs collide. One team hurts their hands, the other team is fine. Why?
Yep. I think that was always part of the point of having a former wrestler do color...they could speak from experience about what a wrestler was trying to accomplish, or what effects a certain move could have. At some point, the whole endeavor just turned into a clusterfuck of repetitive jokes.
Oh come on. That was a good match--one of the best for both of them.
All I can say for sure is that if JR booked matches, they'd consist of two or three punches, followed by 15 minutes of selling.
Isn't that the engaged girl? I'm guessing ZZ is the "non-sexually-threatening teddy bear jokester who's like my brother" in the show.
Nash has said many times that the Fingerpoke storyline was derailed because Goldberg put his arm through the limo and got injured, which is way out of line chronologically. As far as the Torrie stuff goes, I remember there being a Nash theory that there didn't even need to be wrestling for an entire hour. There was one episode in particular where the entire first hour of Nitro consisted of these skits.
Ok. I'll take that with a hefty grain of salt...as far as I can tell, the source is just a random redditor.
He's like the Virgil of comedy.
Huh? He's talking about Shatner, not himself.
Actually, it was the opposite of that. Wu said the real things were too fast and too hard to contain; he wanted to make them slower.
Standing water. A lake doesn't necessarily mean there's standing water.
YOU FUCKED UP YOU FUCKED UP
The Torch used to be okay, but I get the impression that Keller's sources must've dried up or something. But yeah, you've basically got Meltzer and Mike Johnson, then you've got a hundred wrestledoodz.com sites that just paste their stories.
Notice the guy in the front row who puts his head down, like "Yeah...of course he would do a move like that."
Great guy, hell of a hand in the ring. Swig of beer for Savio.
No, it's not. Maybe English isn't your first language, but in the context you used it, "apparently" basically means "it seems that." All you're doing is spreading misinformation. There's two, maybe three valid sources for wrestling news out there. The one you used isn't one of those. The New York Times doesn't write "Apparently George Bush caused 9/11," then included a quote saying he was in on it, without citing who said it.
I want to point out that every time this gets mentioned, someone calls Sid an idiot for trying it. Now, I'm not going to debate whether or not he's an idiot in general, but there were numerous reports at the time stating that Sid did not want to do this move. He was basically told that he needed to expand his moveset, and was "given" this move, likely by Johnny Ace.
This doesn't really qualify as "gruesome," but Johnny Stamboli did a springboard legdrop from the top rope to the floor on a random episode of Nitro. Guess what? Broken tailbone, which most anyone could tell you would be the outcome.
This is the second time today I've seen an "awesome sell" gif that cuts off before the end.
As far as I can tell, if you throw out Christmas episodes, this is the lowest rating since December 2012. I'd encourage everyone to click on the actual link, it has weekly ratings listed back to Raw 1000--which I look at as the "number of people who would watch if given a reason to."
I think there's something else going on...like a general lack of interest in the product as a whole. As far as anyone knew, Brock was going to be on last night.
The Horsemen were badasses who'd corner you in an alley and beat the shit out of you. Rollins is a total coward who can't even go to the bathroom without getting help.
I think we've all been trained to interpret "_____ isn't here tonight" to mean "_____ will run out and raise hell at the end of the show."
A fair point, but I think the trends show that people are willing to tune in and watch the show live if they're given a reason to. The day after Wrestlemania 31, they pulled 5.3 million viewers. I don't think television viewing patters have changed that much since March.
Not only that, but the very first match was Big Show/Mark Henry.
That certainly is unnerving. Where's the video of the guy riding the buffalo?
Least you could do is say you took this from cwmonkey, and plug his website, wrestlingwithtext.com.
Doesn't help that there's absolutely no way to communicate anything to anyone on console...on a TEAM-BASED GAME.
This Pablo guy gets on my nerves. Just do your job and be quiet about it. I like the mystery of it all, and have no desire to see how the sausage is made.
Yes, but he's pulling back the curtain too much. Way too much. I don't need him talking about his life and tweeting stuf like "Haha yeah I wrote that." There's no reason the same couldn't be accomplished with an official Twitter account with no one's name attached to it, run by someone who's more selective in what he says and what he addresses. For example, it'd be better to leave this stuff about the Maz statue alone, and just let people speculate on it. I don't need to hear "It wasn't intended to be her, but we may decide later to say it was."
That makes more sense, thanks. I was having flashbacks to the posts here about "Do I need to watch the old movies or not?"
FYI Lucas didn't really write that. It was a ghost writer.
True, but so far, Star Wars movies haven't done especially well in China, for whatever reason.
Jango Snott
That's interesting. I'm really curious to see what happens over there when it finally comes out.
Where's the video? It seems like a short clip might make the gameplay more evident.
I keep seeing this theory pop up, and the most important argument against it is left out: it's a movie. We're not talking about a running tv show or a series of novels here. Not only is it a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to capture new fans. One thing they've shied away from are ties to previous films that are so strong they require you to have seen them all. Rey being Kenobi's granddaughter would require a whole lot of expository dialogue...who he was, who the grandmother was, who their child was, why Kenobi had a child at all, and on and on. Not only that, but you'd be creating a relationship with a character who's no longer around. What sounds more interesting: the father/daughter dynamic, or the person who's not in the movie/granddaughter dynamic?
If you were in charge of this, what would you do? She's a big star...would you have her peeping over someone's shoulder?
If you're looking for karma, just find a couple of things that haven't been posted in a day or two, then repost them. Bonus karma if you say something like "I haven't seen anyone discuss this yet, but does anyone else think Rey is Kenobi's granddaughter?
Meltzer doesn't post most of his news items for free, and Wrestlinginc is a 100% ripoff site. All they do is copy and paste news, often rephrasing it to the point that it becomes incorrect.
Actually he's been doing this sort of thing a lot lately.
Somehow his movements are more realistic than that floppy hedgehog in Episode II.
Yeah. I think there was a lot of "Ehh, good enough...I can change whatever I want later."
This is probably my favorite quote of all time about Lucas. They're in the same scene. They're interacting. But why bother having them actually act with each other when you can just do it all in the computer later?
Or a spinner belt!!
That ship has sailed. They had a chance to grab the "OMG LOOK WHO IT IS" crowd back with their Monday show when Hogan, Jeff Hardy, and other showed up for the first time. Instead we got Bubba the Love Sponge and a weird cage no one could get out of. There's really no one left. Hardy was a big star at the time, but there's no one from WWE who's available or likely even willing to go to TNA. And as good as ROH can be, there's really no one with the star power to bring in a bunch of viewers.
Well it's certainly preferable to where they were before being cast, but it's obvious they're both very talented. I hope they end up doing better than traveling around the country to sit in booths at sci-fi conventions.
Five hours?!? Come one, what if the poor guy's got stuff to do?
My guess is that it's partly both. There's some stuff in here's that's proven to be true: Rey originally being "Kira," Kylo's face being partly cybernetic, and some other bits here and there which have come out in places like the book of concept art. I've also heard things in some interviews about Luke originally being in most of the movie, but they changed it because he was inevitably the focus any time he was in a scene. Kasdan has also talked about being told of certain nuts from JJ that they really wanted to include, I'm guessing those are the commonalities between the Arndt version and what we ended up with. I think someone may have had a very early script--maybe a rough draft of the Arndt version--and then made up a bunch of stuff based on the cast and the first teaser.
Good question. If you believe the government, the Park Service didn't know it happened. I don't understand why they were allowed to trademark these things at all.
I hope so too, but I'm also readying myself for the distinct possibility that it won't come until the inevitable double dip release.
It seems odd to me that Carthage suffered so much compared to many other peoples, who (at least based on my very limited knowledge) were integrated into the Roman Empire.
The "Leia warning" stuff seems to be pretty extensive. She sent a woman to the Hosnian system to ask for help from the Republic. She's the one the camera shows for a long time when it's being destroyed. I imagine these scenes gave a lot of background on the political situation, and were likely cut in order to give Leia a more "emotional" introduction.
It would help if more points were given for completing objectives. I think being at the top of the leaderboard at the end of a match would carry just as much weight as kill count. You shouldn't be awarded more points for taking someone out than you are for carrying the cargo from one side of the map to the other.
Gandalf the Grey?
Triple threat main event: Austin vs Rock vs HBK. Oh wait...
Because he's contradicted himself so many times over the years with everything else, I have no reason to believe him on this.
Hmm. It doesn't look too awful. I would guess that should be cleaned up in a day or so?
Seriously doubt that. Even if he's cleared, putting him in the Rumble would totally derail their plans for Reigns, one was or another. If he comes back, it's like be after the Rumble, in a way that makes it clear he's not in the World title picture.
Nooooo kidding. It's like they don't even realize what's huge detriment the name "TNA" is to them.
It probably came from the "Tales from the Cantina" collection of short stories.
Oh wow. Looks a lot bigger when there's people there for scale.
I don't understand why people are talking up Mace Windu in here. The character had virtually no personality whatsoever.
Arches is, in my opinion, the best spot for that kind of stuff.
The "celebrity wing" is more about people they think can get them publicity than it is about selecting people who actually made contributions to the business.
A wrench may not break a car window as easily as you'd think. EDIT: I'm getting slammed with people saying "It's a wrench, of course it can break a window." Cars don't have "normal" glass. It's safety glass. And mind you, a wrench won't break much of anything if you happen to be trapped underwater. Hell, look at this video--the guy is swinging a hammer, and has a lot more space to get it up to speed than you would if you were inside a car: http://youtu.be/aiSTAcYl0_w
It just means you wouldn't have to pay for the DLC. If you bought it all individually, it'd end up costing you more. Basically they're giving you a discount to buy everything at once. Of course, the obvious issue is that you don't know what you might end up getting, or if it'd be worth the money.
I guess that'd be less confusing for people new to that sort of thing, but it's just a marketing decision.
It's a Jawa village. They used some of the original McQuarrie concept art for it.
Sigh. I seriously don't understand what their argument would be. "They let other people infringe on their copyrights, so we should also be able to."
reply
rebuttal
Some believe it was a work, but I believe the story at the time was that Brock came in, was given the monster push to end all monster pushes, then decided he didn't like the travel when the time came to start giving back. With Taker being so big on the respect side of the business, you can definitely see where he'd get pissed about how Brock left. Obviously there's only two guys who really know what happened, but I don't see where a work would've gone. It's not like Taker was going to step in the octagon, and where Brock's career was at the time, there was nothing for him to gain by doing a wrestling match.
The most surprising thing to me was how Taker and Wyatt decided to settle their differences by working out geometry problems instead of wrestling.
Tye Dye Guy 4 life
I don't see how a borderless screen would work with cases at all.
That's because he hadn't yet felt the true power of the Hulkamaniacs.
There is absolutely no way copious amounts of weed weren't smoked in that basement.
What guy...the hippie?
And they fired him.
I'm not sure I'd call The Hateful Eight a western.
Stop making excuses. This is IMPORTANT.
Make it so.
That young man is stronger than I shall ever be.
They'd better be getting a *lot* out of this deal. If Lesnar loses, it could severely hurt his credibility in WWE, and jeopardize everything they've invested in him. I mean, the guy ended Taker's streak. Can you imagine if he loses in the first round? They've gotta be having him face a total UFC jobber, right? *Right?*
Will you stop
Was that you in the shiny turban?
You can't buy lotto tickets with credit? That's the least American thing I've ever heard.
They're called barrage balloons, and they're tethered to the ground. A fighter plane would be flying pretty fast, and would likely run into the wires and crash.
You should get him on an honor flight ASAP. They're free.
Agreed, but putting over new guys doesn't mean anything if the old guys look like jobbers. If all you do is lose, you don't have anything left to give.
Seems like they would've gotten to it by now. And FYI, the show was shot *way* before the Network started...even before they knew it was going to be a streaming service.
I think you might be confusing something with The Raven.
Nash is wondering where the ravioli is.
More. More, more, more.
That's what happens when someone "working for" a ripoff website listens to an audio update from PWInsider and tries to write an "article" about it.
Thanks for posting, this is great. A few questions I hope you can answer: Who designs the belts? Does WWE do it themselves, or do you make up some concepts for them to choose from? What materials do you use, and what's the process like? I've noticed the NXT Heavyweight title in particular often seems to have a lot of fingerprints on it. Is this because of the metal used, the finish, or just because it's a bigger, flatter piece than we're used to seeing? Thanks again!
Agreed. Bret knows what he's talking about, and he had a very long career, during which he never injured a single person. He's proud of that fact, and he should be. No one ever complained that Bret's matches looked "fake," and he didn't need to haul off and stiff anyone to accomplish that.
Jag thindh, NXT edition
Sexy boy
Not always. Standing up for yourself could definitely elicit a "who do you think you are" response.
What guy? It's a ripoff website that stole the news from PWInsider and gave them "credit." How close it is to the actual original report is anyone's guess.
I'm picturing someone sitting in their basement, playing David Flair's music and Titantron video over and over for an entire Raw.
This is so great, I immediately knew where that expression came from.
Baseball slides are done under the bottom rope. Neville was sliding in the middle of the ring.
You know, it really bugs me that there's some guy on Twitter who positively confirms or denies theories like these. I mean, if it has no real impact on anything, why not just let people think what they want to think?
Pretty sure WWE doesn't pay for the buses. The top guys can afford them. Orton in particular has said he looks at it as an investment...it helps him get enough rest and relaxation to extend his career.
Atonement
I hope you defeated The Ultimate Morrus.
Raven came back the same time the Dudleys left--first show on TNN.
Taiwan number one
Digitally?
Do me a favor and hit Brock Lesnar Guy.
Maybe they need to make an NXT for cheerleading, and sign up Miz for the first class.
Has he been on an Honor Flight? If you want to give him something to talk about, get him on one.
Honestly, why would he do this? Assuming it was for PEDs, he was already big, and always wears outfits where all you can see is his arms. I mean, come on...it's not like the crowds would suddenly et behind him if his arms got bigger.
Ah! Thanks. I must've been blind.
The playlist says Cargo is available on Bespin, but it's not listed when you try to select a game mode.
The best part is, they have no idea who he is. He's just some random guy in the video.
What song is this?
I never show up at the advertised start time. The average seems to be about 15 minutes of trailers/ads, though I've seen it as low as 10. I don't really like seeing trailers. They spoil too much, and I end up seeing most everything anyway.
Fett
Nice collection, Mr. Wheaton.
Everyone is saying this is traditional in Africa, which it is...but the reason its traditional is because it allows women to carry babies while also keeping their arms free. This is necessary in many places because women are the ones busting their asses all day.
They do, and it makes absolutely no sense to me. Miz is booked as being delusional for thinking he's a big star for acting in WWE movies. Why would you want to mock your own product? If you think the movies are bad and you're poking fun at how bad they are, how about you just stop making bad movies?
How about "Old Biff"
Talk is Jericho, with Chavo as the guest. Really amazing insight into what happened with Benoit.
Seriously, who's on this guy's side? Anyone?
Ok, that's not fair. I'm not exactly a fan of hers, but she's had a very long career, and is hardly a one-hit wonder.
What signals? Like hand signals, or you just mean they should e known right away what was happening?
It won't be. They're totally obsessed with dressing up the backstage area so it doesn't *look* like a backstage area. They can't move the camera around as much as they did here, because of the way they feel the need to place colored lights all over the place.
This deserves its own post.
Lightning poo.
What was prohibited? I must know!
It all depends on how you look at it. Try looking at it this way: You're at the arena all day. You get there at 2, you can't leave until about 11:30. You get to your hotel at 3:30. You lay down and try to sleep for about an hour and a half. Then you get up because you have to appear on a local news morning show to promote tickets for the show that night. Then you go around to a few different radio shows and do the same thing. By the time you're all finished, it's time to head to the arena. So when you look at it that way, it's way worse.
Roman Reigns is a leader? There's a ton of guys who have way more experience than him.
With all the criticism about weak characterization, I'm kind of shocked that they initially had *less* of it. I mean, someone like Cassian is pretty much a blank slate as it is. Basically all we know about him is that he's a rebel and he shot that one dude. So initially, they didn't even have him shoot that one dude? He was just a guy?
Please let this become a thing. I could happily spend all of 2017 going on Reddit to watch videos of Roman being confused by random Rumble entries.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD HE'S HITTING IT REALLY HARD IT'S GOTTA BE REALLY LOUD IN THERE SOMEBODY THINK OF THE ROCK'S EARDRUMS
Come on...that's one scene. One scene where he gives one little speech explaining why he's going on the mission. That's not a "great deal," it's a few lines of dialogue.
That announcer has more emotion in his voice than Cole, Saxron, and Otunga combined...and I don't even know what he's saying.
I would become a lifelong subscriber to their shitty streaming service if it was the only place I could see this.
There's a special place in hell for people who drive around with unsecured loads or trailers. Heading down the freeway in traffic at 70, only to see the cars in front of you swerving wildly because of a ladder laying across two lanes of traffic is not a good feeling. As for trailers, I'm dumbfounded that any idiot is allowed to pull one with no training whatsoever.
All hail Original Plinkett
I think the issue being pointed out is this: Leia's ship is docked inside Raddus' ship. We see the droids on Yavin after Raddus has already started fighting. Therefore, either Leia's ship docked inside Raddus' ship in the middle of the battle for no reason, or the droids got in a ship of their own, flew to the battle, then docked in Leia's ship, which was docked inside Raddus' ship. Or maybe Leia was like "Oh shit, I forgot the droids," then flew back to get them before returning and redocking. My guess is that this problem came about because it was one of the reshoots and they figured not many people would notice.
You're a liar. If it really came from Kiki, it would've been Frankie, not a random bird.
Short women are body shamed for being short? That's absurd.
Wow. What a spot-on response. So refreshing considering the kind of stuff that got us to the point we are now.
I still can't believe they call that move the "Drive By." Even in the Attitude Era, that'd be enough to make me say "Really?"
What. The. Fuck. Assuming this is real, what the fuck. I'm not a graphic designer, but even I can tell you this looks like shit. Why is there an owl on it? I don't care if there's a relationship to the parent company. No one cares about that. Plus, there's an uneven number of letters on both sides. This looks amateurish and totally unprofessional. I hope it's not real...because what the fuck.
This should really be at the top. I was kind of suspicious of the verbiage.
I noticed. I forget about all the teens on here.
I can also see how feeding people hot food on the street can make the problem worse. Most cities have shelters and programs. They want people in those, on a path to getting off the street. In order to do that, people have to want help and be willing to play by certain rules. If they can sleep outside and be comfortable, if they can get hot food without going to a shelter, it makes some less willing to seek out something better. I'm not saying we should ignore the homeless by any means, but letting them set up little villages and making street life comfortable doesn't really help anyone.
Syndication? The show is over 20 years old, and there's fewer people watching TV now more than ever. I'm not sure cable companies are going to be throwing cash around for it.
That may be true, but I for one would gladly pay for their shitty new streaming service if it was the only place I could watch those without paying for the Blu-Rays.
On 9/11, there was obviously constant coverage from New York. Then reports started to come in about the Pentagon. They were showing the only shot they had at the time, which was the Eisenhower building with smoke coming up from somewhere in the background.
We want Air Paris
It was pretty obvious. They presented him as a little guy who spent years in the "minor leagues." Every time he was on camera, the announcers would talk about how he was now a "little fish in a big pond." WWE doesn't do that kind of thing with people when they have plans for them to be a top guy.
Capable? Sure. The problem is, even if the company put them in a top-level match together, they wouldn't be allowed to work the kind of style we saw from Japan. So many of the memorable moments from that match involved both guys being brutally stiff with one another. I mean, I've never seen a more vicious missile dropkick in my life. Yeah, Okada and Omega are top-level wrestlers, and they would've had an amazing match without being so stiff, but those shots are what made it memorable...and those shots would never be allowed in WWE.
Dude. If you meet a wrestler, have a picture taken, and said wrestler throws up a Too Sweet, you better fucking throw one up too. Ridiculous.
That's no excuse. It's a Too Sweet. Get to a doctor and see what your options are for surgery.
Dad: "I'm so proud of you! You were so nervous but you did such an awesome job! Way to go, buddy!" Kid: "Don't be such a fucking mark, dad. You can't just wait for someone to put you over...you've gotta get over yourself."
It's a Star Trek cruise. They try to be authentic as possible, so there are no bathrooms.
I'm happy with it being anywhere that isn't outdoors on the west coast. Having nearly the entire show take place in the sunlight made it look really bad.
That's awesome. Unless you're going to be in the first couple of rows, being right behind the floor is the best place to be.
Actually it was instantaneous for these people.
The article linked in this thread says based on the positioning of the bones and the type of volcanic material, it was instantaneous--unlike, say, some of the victims in Pompeii.
This, to me, is not the biggest part of the issue. Yeah, it's bad--treasonous, even--but it's not something that *gives a foreign power direct control over the President of the United States of America.* The weird sex tapes and whatever else Putin has hanging over Trump gives him exactly that.
They should cut their losses, turn on Trump, and get Pence in there. They'd be far more likely to get the legislation they want passed anyway. I'm fine with President Pence. Yeah, he's a right wing ultra-Christian wacko, but at least he seems to be levelheaded...and if he isn't, at least he's not *BEING CONTROLLED BY RUSSIA.*
John McCain is a real American hero. You may not agree with his politics, but he knows when to drop the partisan bullshit and do the right thing.
"No puppet! No puppet! You're the puppet!" "I don't know Putin." That's pretty much the bulk of what he's said on the issue. Then he went and proposed a Secretary of State who received the highest award Putin could give to a foreigner.
I'm fine with that. I don't like Pence's politics and I don't like him as a person, but he'd be way, *way* better. Far less volatile, far more predictable. Say what you want about the man, but I don't think he'd go shooting off nuclear missiles if someone made fun of his hair.
Since people are asking if this is true... YES, THIS IS TRUE. On the level of "fake news," or "biased CNN," there is no way in hell CNN would publish this unless they were 100 percent certain that the report was printed and delivered to both Obama and Trump. This is about as serious of an allegation that any news organization could ever make--you can bet your ass they'd be covering theirs. As for whether or not the report itself is true: Yes, it is. Intelligence officials would not, in my opinion, even dream of presenting this information unless they'd done everything humanly possible to vet the information. They checked ever source, triple-checked every source, then went back and did it again. If you're going to write a report that says "The new President is being controlled by Russia," you're going to be really, really fucking sure. So yes, it is true. Undoubtedly. The question is, what will the Republican Party do about it?
That's just fine with me. I think he's a good man. I don't agree with his politics, but he deserves our respect. I hope he steps up again and takes the reins on this. We need a strong Republican leader to speak out and let the rest of the party know that it's politically safe for them to turn on Trump. McCain spent years being tortured in a POW camp, repeatedly refusing offers to be sent home. I know he's given more than anyone should have to, but our country needs him once again.
The biggest political scandal in American history, and the top story on the Fox News website is about Obama and the Chicago murder rate.
I'll never forget the time a person in the crowd was calling Obama a Muslim, and McCain grabbed the mic away from her.
Ahh! Thanks, I fixed it. I've been watching too much wrestling.
They even forced him to dress in v-neck sweaters because they thought it'd make him look younger.
The "unknown source" is a former British MI6 agent who worked in Russia and has many contacts there. US Intelligence has been following up on this, conducting its own investigations, and were concerned enough to brig it forward. It's hardly some random document made up by some anonymous person.
But the document wasn't written by the CIA. It was from a former member of MI6.
2017: The Timeline Repairs Itself
Dude. Have you seen his apartment? *Everything* is gold.
I don't either. The documents clearly mention her as also being under surveillance while in Russia. Granted, all they were apparently able to gather was her saying things that went against her public statements, but still...
I think the Republican establishment talked him into a lot of stuff...like Palin and wearing silly v-neck sweaters in an attempt to make him look younger.
I'm sure there's some out there who doubt his motivations, since he makes these things public, but look at it this way: it might encourage other wealthy wrestlers to do the same.
I'm sure it was arranged by some marketing person who told him he'd be answering questions from fans about his movie.
And he thought Geordi was an alien.
I'd like to agree with you, but the owl is Anthem's logo. It's not something they made up for their new wrestling company. My guess is that someone on the board has a son who's taken a few classes in graphic design, and everyone's too afraid to say it sucks.
The problem isn't just the owl, it's that the fucking letters are off center. It's a horrible, horrible graphic.
I get the feeling that in Trump's world, if you're wealthy and/or famous, it makes you the "best." I mean, I can't even fathom how he's had the same people up for multiple positions. How would Giuliani be considered for this *and* Secretary of State?
Sounds like an excellent choice for Trump's cabinet.
Cool. And they had no idea what had happened? Are you sure the first phone they gave you was actually new, and not a return or a refurbished model?
I think what you're saying is true to an extent, but I'm not sure college-aged journalism majors are the best source on this. I mean, what direct experience do they have, and what sort of boat-rocking can happen in someone's first job? They're going to be reporting on the local arts fair or changes to the garbage pickup days. It's going to take a lot more than that to convince me that "the media" is full of nothing but reporters who do stories on exactly what their owners tell them to report. There's a ton of reporters in America who are only dedicated to reporting the truth.
No record of his behavior...aside from everything he's said and done for the past 30-plus years.
I appreciate you writing a rational response. However, I'm not going to judge Trump based on things he said 20 years ago, which are in direct conflict with his policy statements today. Yes, I know I made a "30 years" statement, but I meant that more in the sense of the fact that he's kind of a had a reputation as being kind of an asshole. He was the butt of jokes. The guy with the horrible hair who puts money over everything else. The Trump of today isn't speaking rationally about something as nuanced as immigration policy. He just yells and tweets about building a giant wall. He makes blanket statements about banning all immigrants who follow a certain religion, which is fundamentally anti-American. He attacks anyone and everyone who he perceives as doing him wrong. There's literally a new "incident" every week. He's attacked a man who spent years in a POW camp, two of them in solitary confinement, and refused to be sent home. Trump said he wasn't a war hero because he got captured. Trump attacked the family of a man who died serving his country. He openly speculated that their religion meant the mother wasn't allowed to speak. When given the opportunity to back off and apologize, he said their son wouldn't have died if he was President. Literally two days ago, Trump said a man who was arrested dozens of times and had his skull fractured being beater by police while standing up for his rights was "all talk." I could go on and on and on. I don't care if he's really a smart, rational person under all of that. I don't care if he's just putting on an act. I'm judging him on his words end on his actions, not what *might* be going on in his head.
He said he was for it on the Howard Stern Show. Civil rights movement. Selma march. 1965. YES, PEOPLE WERE BEATEN FOR BEING BLACK. Are you even American?
Trump Tower has the BEST watermelon and orange soda! I love the blacks! Sad!
Well if you take Rex at his word, he and Trump have never even discussed Russia, much less NATO.
Yes, I'm sure Russia subscribes to the same values as NATO countries, and would fit right in.
That's totally the heart of the entire Indiana Jones character. He thinks he's extremely clever, has a huge grin when he narrowly escapes certain death, which immediately turns into a huge "oh shit" expression when he discovers he's underestimated his circumstances. I can't give enough credit to Harrison Ford for bringing that character to life, and nailing every single nuance. So much of it is embodied in the body language, which is absolutely flawless. Of course, he did pretty much all of his own stunts, just so he could accomplish this.
I'm not switching sides.
That'd be better than Rock and his stupid flamethrower.
I would love it if someone made a cartoon of Putin with Trump on a leash, and it went viral. It'd drive Trump absolutely nuts.
You notice something new every time. Every movement Ford makes has so much nuance...and I absolutely love the huge "I'm so clever" grin, followed by "Oops."
They actually just set a new record, and they've doubled the number of visitors since 2010.
Supposedly it's like an inside joke now. Vince and the writers think it's funny. Why they think it's funny to fuck with the fans is beyond me.
That's literally *all* the news content on here that's not comping from WWE PR or a wrestler's Twitter account. Every bit of it comes from Meltzer or PWInsider. Unless there's some people here who think wrestledoodz.com has a lot of actual sources in the business.
Here's what I don't get: Why aren't the teacher's unions flipping the fuck out? I understand that some teachers are liberal and some are conservative, but you'd think they'd all be united in not wanting someone who's obviously clueless about education in general.
Agreed. And how about some of those people working their asses off making those video packages? They're able to make the most boring matches and storylines look interesting.
It'll probably be some d-list celebrity with an extremely tenuous relationship to him. "I remember that one time Teddy retweeted that picture I posted. It really touched my heart." --Lindsay Lohan
Don't say things like that. If you feel like you're not well educated on a subject, then do something to fix it. Have an opinion, back it up, and defend it. That's the way a free society works. My guess is that one person downvoted you because he thought it wasn't the right place to have a political discussion. If he's just a Trump fan and disagreed. And the way people on here tend to behave is that if a comment sits at 0, they all pile on with the downvotes. If you can back up what you believe with information or an explanation, don't worry about what other people think. They're entitled to their opinions, and so are you.
I'm not going to give him any credit on this. I mean, he couldn't even remember Lashley's name. Plus, don't take a Stunner if you're not going to practice it and have no idea what you're doing. Trump is the only human alive who took one worse than Linda.
To be fair, that's some really unflattering lighting.
Maybe try contacting the manufacturer?
Here I go again, posting in a thread like this. Maybe this time, right?
Feige runs Marvel, and Disney lets him do that. Same with Lucasfilm, which is run by Kathleen Kennedy, who's produced movies for Spielberg going back like 40 years. My point is that you don't have corporate execs from Disney calling them up and saying they need to put a boy band in Star Wars.
Right on, man! Who gives a fuck what happens to those people in Africa. Let them die, who cares! For that matter, fuck everyone in my own country! And in my own state, and in my own town! Nobody matters but me.
I feel like Discovery should have its start date changed from "2017" to "?"
Every time I see something like this, it bothers me how many people in America are so rabidly anti-government when it comes to regulations. You know why buildings don't have their sides peel off in the US? Because of regulations. Whenever people are hurt because of shoddy construction, it's big news because it's so rare. People don't build sturdy buildings because they're concerned about safety. They build sturdy buildings because they're scared of fines and lawsuits.
The more I hear about this movie, the less interested I am. I simply don't want to learn Han Solo's backstory. He works better as kind of a mystery.
Romanticized? Did we see two different movies? The one I saw clearly shows the horrors of war. Furthermore, their very mission itself was questionable. Also, You're going to have a hard time finding historians to agree that the US did "the least." They did plenty, both in manpower and with industrial strength. Yes, it's possible the Soviets would've defeated Hitler without the US, but then what? Can you honestly state that the world would be a better place? As for the movie itself, it was a movie made by an American about Americans. Are you faulting it because Spielberg didn't make a movie about Russia?
Buffer, sure. They were paying $50k an appearance, and got virtually nothing out of it. Rodman is debatable though. He was huge at the time, brought a lot of publicity with him, and contributed to making wrestling "cool."
I get what you're saying, but I look at that differently. In the case of something like Tolkien, he'd already created and populated a huge world before writing Lord of the Rings. If you're creating Han Solo's backstory, you're taking a character that's been around for 40 years, and filling in the blanks. The original creator of the story isn't involved, nor is the original actor. It's very different to me.
"Walk softly and carry a big stick."--Teddy Roosevelt "Take your dick out and swing it all over the place. I really have the most amazing, most beautiful dick. Many are saying so. Many with the highest IQs, ever. My dick is so phenomenal. Sad!"--Donald Trump
Nice work, now do it with Sandman at One Night Stand!
This is seriously impressive, the kid did better than I could. He must watch a ton, to even get guys from the 80s. Props the the girl too, she definitely knows how to play things up for the camera!
It's not even just about using old guys to put over new guys...it's presenting the new guys in ways that encourage casual fans to tune in next week. I mean, say you're a huge Goldberg fan. Great, WWE gets you to tune in to see him. But they need more than just a quick ratings bump--they need for you to be intrigued by someone like Kevin Owens. Instead, you're left with a champion who looks like a goof, and no reason to watch when Goldberg isn't around.
This reads like a Trump tweet with better vocabulary. Sad!
I know this is childish, but for some reason, your comment made me envision a finish where Jericho poops on Reigns from up in the cage. I mean, think about it...Vince would *love* that finish. Hold on, I'm emailing WWE Creative right now. See you suckers later, my poop storyline is gonna get me a job.
Seeing everyone with their phones out really makes me miss the days of real cameras, with flashbulbs popping all over the place.
Not surprised at all by the massive amount of nominations for La La Land. I mean, let's be honest here: if there's one thing Hollywood loves, it's movies about the power of movies. I fully expect it to win most of the awards it's nominated for. Which would be a shame, in a year with so many great films.
Well, we are talking about a company that had three Mexican guys ride around on lawnmowers.
I've never found CNN to be biased, unless you mean they're biased in favor of being sensationalistic and branding every story as BREAKING NEWS.
I know you're not talking about these guys...but these guys definitely knew. Their video started with them showing the sign.
Yeah, cleaning themselves is something they learn from other cats, apparently.
That D*J*T. The ratings machine.
Somehow I don't think cutting staffing at National Parks is going to help. It's a tiny, minuscule piece of the budget.
Tom Hanks is a national treasure. No scandals, no negative stories. Literally everything you hear about his interactions with regular people are great. Remember the cab driver he invited to a play? Or how about the couple getting married in Central Park, when Tom stopped to congratulate them and take pictures? Tom Hanks is the kind of person we should all strive to be.
That's totally unfair. You shouldn't make a comparison like this. Dukat is far more intelligent.
Meh. If anyone's going to get any degree of pushback, it's not going to be Linda. She's actually somewhat qualified for the position, having a background in business, which is a hell of a lot more than you can say for the other appointees.
BE A STAR
I was with you right up until that last sentence.
Regardless of whether or not you're making a valid point, I'm leaning towards not counting any website that starts a headline with the word "epic" as being a valid news source.
Shouldn't his dad be Double H? I mean, it'd make sense if you added an H with every generation, instead of took one away. That's mean there'd be a finite end to the HHH line.
I agree that you've nailed their thinking. That being said... What it boils down to is "Let's make them think this entire event is *really* shitty. Like "I hate this company and will cancel the Network" shitty. Then, we'll swerve them, and they'll be happy they only got something *kind of* shitty instead of *really* shitty. Or...you know...they could've just given us something good.
I can totally see him in that plaid suit as a character in a children's book--the imaginary friend who encourages a kid to make *real* friends, then disappears at the end.
After that video from earlier, I don't think I'll ever be able to hear that music without hearing JR yell "Aw son of a bitch!"
He shouldn't shut up about it. He should come clean and apologize.
Hmm... Was this like "Hey guys let's see if I'm any good at Mario while drunk," or was he drunk and decided to do a stream?
She's on the path to discovering they've all been in a TV show this whole time...
He's just realized he's actually Joachin Phoenix.
Sigh. This is *exactly* why Mike should've apologized for all he did. Instead, he threw out some half truths and tried to defend himself with alternate accounts. No, people are even more riled up and are uncovering some disgusting stuff. I don't understand what's going on right now. James seems like a really good guy, and I can't comprehend why he's okay with all of this.
This is all true, but why doesn't James do something about all of this?
Well...Trump won.
It's not just a matter of USA "caring." When their contract with NBC runs out in 2019, we'll see how much they get. They've been paying for the ratings WWE was pulling in three years ago. It's not out of the realm of possibility for WWE to take a pay cut, and it's not like cable channels are lining up to put wrestling on the air. Also keep in mind that the tv deal is their biggest source of revenue. I know people often say they can just put their entire product on the network, but that would leave them without five hours weekly to promote it.
Hmm. I wouldn't call it "best Trek," because there's nothing uniquely "Trek" about it. It's just a generic, emotional space battle scene. That being said, it's awesome.
Well done. This comment needs to be its own post on r/daystrominstitute.
I know it's being translated twice here, but this seems really inaccurate. Is this really the best they could do, or were they trying to take some artistic liberties? Edit: What is with the random downvotes on here lately?
Yeah there's got to be some sort of "final frontier" translation that would've worked. No mention of a mission, there's a reference to where the ship is, nothing even close to "boldly go." And the galaxies part is just bizarre.
There isn't. Not at the elevation of the valley, anyway. It's full-on spring there right now, and the waterfalls are roaring.
The valley is only at about 4,000 feet, but there's always snow up at Tuolomne Meadows until pretty late in the year.
No no no, you don't understand, the real story is the LEAKS AND THE UNMASKING!!!
Well they were right. ET was gross.
Wait...the news did a twenty minute piece on this?!?
Yeah, they must've delayed his suspension and that's why we haven't seen him in a while.
That was different. The guy was in the front row, and it was a genuinely shocking moment.
Wow. That must've cost them a hell of a lot of money to fly all those guys out. There's some really big names on there.
Eh. I'm sure the actors are more than used to it at this point.
I'm in way late on this, but I felt like the guys were pretty off base here. I found the movie to be a thousand times better than I ever could've hoped for or expected. One issue in particular I had: they mentioned that the speed up/slow down action techniques were "outdated," and I don't agree with that at all. I especially found it interesting that the criticism came from two guys who consistently (and rightfully) complain about action scenes where you can't even tell what's going on.
I'm not entirely sure what the difference is. Jokes about gas chambers are not funny. The main reason people make them is to join some bizarre club where the idea is to pay each other on the back about how "edgy" they are. But if you're Jewish, I doubt you care whether the people sharing them are legitimately racist or just trying to be cool. These images would get you fired from a job at Taco Bell, so they're sure as hell going to get your acceptance to Harvard rescinded. There's certain things we have to agree upon as a supposedly civilized society: jokes about the Holocaust or pedophilia are among them. It shouldn't matter whether or not you really "agree" with the jokes or not. They're not okay to make, and these kids got what they had coming to them. If they feel like they were treated unfairly, then I guess that's just the result of living in an online "counter culture" world instead of understanding the rules of the real one.
Maybe he felt like leaving the room was too big of a risk. What if Hector needed the pills right then? What if he got up and left? If Nacho is in the room, at least he can do something about those issues.
If you think genocide is funny, then I suppose that's your right. I don't. And by the way, spending all that time writing a response and linking to a video only to throw out an insult isn't really the best way to make a point.
That dude has some really long fingernails.
Like all companies, they're in the business of making money. As long as he games keep selling, they'll keep making them.
Well... WWE has a way of running things into the ground, so it should keep going for another five years or so.
To me, the narrative is clear: Trump asks Comey if he wants to stay on in his job. Comey finds this fact odd, because he'd already told Trump he planned to finish his term. Trump asks Comey for loyalty. Trump asks Comey to drop the Flynn investigation. Trump asks Comey to publicly clear Trump's name. When Comey does none of this, Trump fires him. Obstruction.
I think it more likely that "not involved" meant he didn't pay them. Either his people did, or they were sent to his room as a "gift." It's entirely possible he didn't "touch" them, just had them pee on Obama's bed. And I can't believe I just wrote all that. We're talking about the fucking President of the United States.
Apparently nothing. It's a shame, because I really enjoyed their stuff until I heard about all of this. I can only guess that James is cool with everything that happened, which caused me to rethink my feelings on them. I look here periodically to see if anything's been addressed. I guess I'm looking for a reason to go back to thinking they're good people. But more and more, it seems like I should just give up and stop watching their videos.
What else was he supposed to do? HE'S BEEN HERE SINCE SIX
Confession: Remember how I said I'd been there since six? I WASN'T THERE SINCE SIX
Uhh... If you think a comic using the n-word wouldn't be completely and utterly wrong in 2004, then maybe you're the one who's too young to remember. If he'd made this comic in 1954, then I might agree with you, and say "Ok, that's just the way the world was back then," but making the statements you did is so ridiculous I can't believe you even made them.
I take it you've never been to Yosemite, then?
DON JUUUUUUUUNNNNIOOOOORRRR
I can't imagine how bad that would be for a dog. Compared to them, we basically have no sense of smell. A dog getting blasted by a skunk must be like a neverending shot of pepper spray.
No president is better than the current president.
It says in the article he has celiac disease.
Which is exactly why I said it wasn't a burial.
Because it sounds like it's unapproved. In their previous incarnation, you "rented" a copy remotely, which was streamed to you in an edited form. Not sure how this works.
Ancient Rome is totally different than Renaissance Rome, which is what we had before. And really, the concept of "Italy" wasn't around in either time.
I believe there's about two years left on the NBC/Universal deal. It was signed for five years, so I'd expect negotiations to begin in a year or so. If ratings then are like they are now, there's no way WWE won't take a pay cut. The ratings now are way down from when they signed.
I've literally only heard the shampoo/lotion version, except for around here. I think it's one of those things fans confuse with the other (true) poop-related stories.
It doesn't sound like your friend did anything wrong. Going up and interrupting their meal would be a dick move, but he didn't do that. If Rollins didn't want to talk to fans, he shouldn't be going out in public.
I'm in this law, but I wanted to try my best to make sure everyone is aware that this incident is featured in the excellent documentary "Virunga," available on Netflix.
Vomit Goblin.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goldwater_rule It's obviously something that's been debated as of late, but has been a longstanding ethics rule for decades.
It'd be better if it was all famous works of art, but Lucas.
There's literally zero ads on the paid site.
Go ahead and start to countdown to when Vince puts them on different shows just to fuck with them.
I do. They're under no obligation to provide you with free wrestling news. If you don't like the free version of the site, then don't go there, and don't read any posts here about the news they get. EDIT: There appears to be some misunderstanding of what I'm trying to say, which is my fault for not phrasing it properly. I have no idea if there's actually malware on the free site, or just annoying ads. I don't go there. I know they have a lot of those crazy full screen ads that are distracting, to say the least. I'm not going to rip them for doing what they feel they need to in order to pay the bills, or to encourage people to subscribe by offering an ad-free version with exclusive news. PWInsider employs two people full time. A lot of wrestling fans just want wrestling news for free, but that's not how it works. Those guys can't afford to spend all their time tracking down stories and then just give it away for free. Mike Johnson has been here and done an AMA. Everyone loved it and was supportive of him and what he does. I stand by what I said: if you don't like the ads, then just don't go to the site. But I don't think it's right that the Wrestlezone-type sites just copy and paste what Johnson spends his time getting. Nor do I think it's right for posts like this one about Bennett and Maria to exist: the person who made it pays for a subscription and supports the site, then turns around and takes news given specifically to subscribers and posts it here. It's the same thing with Meltzer. Everyone here loves him, but after the newsletter is published, this place is full of posts pasting what it said. Commenters openly say that they don't feel the need to subscribe because they can just read it here for free. How is that right? Meltzer works his ass off, just like Johnson. I get it, no one *wants* to pay for wrestling news. But if everyone just gets it for free, there won't be any wrestling news aside from what WWE.com puts on their site. And I think we can all agree that wouldn't be a good thing. If you disagree with me, feel free to respond and explain why, instead of just mashing the downvote button.
Not only that, by its so ridiculously predictable. Each and every match and segment is completely self-contained. You know who's going to be involved in it. If the Hardys are in a feud with Sheamus and Cesaro, but they're facing another tag team, well, you know it's only a matter of time before Sheamus and Cesaro show up. If you don't care for either of those teams, you can safely turn the channel for a while. Not to say the show was always great, or that it was always the right decision, by you never knew what the hell was going to happen on Nitro. At any given second, the nWo could show up, or they could cut away to some crazy shit going on backstage. I miss unpredictable wrestling.
Tell the truth: Did your cat climb up there on his own, or did you put him there for the picture because you spent a week making that thing, only to have him sniff it and ignore it?
I honestly don't know where they'd go from there. I mean, you could make the argument that they should've returned at the end of Season Six, with some sort of Delta Quadrant threat to fend off for the last season, but they weren't allowed to do any sort of real serialization. So if you have to wait until the final episode to get home, what is there to do? They're back. They accomplished their goal. There's no story left to tell. Harry hugging his parents and so on isn't a story--it's just something you assume would happen. So what, then? A musical montage? Wouldn't that come off as silly? What purpose would it serve? If you're required to wait until the last episode for them to get home, I don't see any other way to end it.
They were so stupid to hire her. They obviously thought she'd bring in ratings, because of her following on Fox News, but apparently failed to understand that Fox viewers now see her as some kind of traitor. It's a shame, because I think there's a place for long-form news magazine shows--just not ones populated by the same gang of NBC "reporters" who host weekly murder mysteries on Dateline.
That's spot on. You'll often have a high school where kids drive up to an hour to get there from a ton of tiny towns around the area.
Actually the studio was pushing *hard* to make it different. It also had a crazy number of studio executives pushing ideas. They even wanted a different boy band in the mess hall each week. I'm not making that up.
I feel like Tom Hanks would show up if they gave him the right role.
Well, they certainly went to the effort of trashing it, and I can't imagine destroying it would be that difficult. Just place a few torpedoes in strategic locations and sit back. Does the station have a self-destruct system? I don't remember that ever coming into play...
It's funny to me that the only reason they added on the extra piece was because the script called for damage, and they didn't want to hurt the model.
I didn't find it funny at all. Typically, this sort of death is reserved for despicable characters--someone who "deserved" it. Like the annoying lawyer in the original Jurassic Park. This wasn't funny. It didn't cause you to cheer or think "Oh well, she had it coming." It was just bizarre and pointless.
Sure, that wasn't the worst part of the movie. The worst part was that there were about a dozen different characters and storylines all just jockeying for screen time and the entire affair was just dour and depressing.
The first two were good, then the third was ruined due to the studio meddling. Then the fourth never happened...again, due to the studio meddling. Then there was an immediate reboot, which only happened because the studio meddled. Then they made another one, which basically resulted in yet another reboot, this time in the hands of Marvel. I have zero faith in Sony executives. I mean, the Ghostbusters movie was a disaster, and they'd already planned for that to begin some sort of Ghostbusters "cinematic universe." Now they're trying to do the same with Spider-Man: planning out multiple films and mooch off of Marvel's success. Which, judging by what Feige has said, isn't something they agree on. Again, the studio executives are involved. This does not bode well.
Hmm... You have seen Star Trek IV, right?
Well, it's been quietly removed. I don't know who Deadline employs, but that's an incredibly stupid mistake to make. It's pretty obvious that the bulk of the article is just a reworded press release.
That doesn't make sense. Surely that would've all been discussed before he started.
I feel like they just like Tom Cruise.
Back then, the industry was still targeting rental stores, not individual people.
Also the large number of people who thought her emails as Secretary of State were the same thing as the Podesta emails.
"Trump tells it like it is!"
When they do that, the conservatives spin it as "businesses telling the government what to do."
Here's the counter argument: --The parks are already overcrowded. Many residents don't want more tourism. --The tourism industry offers low-wage jobs. --Oil and gas jobs are high-paying, and will save our rural communities. The first two are largely true. Many parks aren't just seeing record numbers, they're seeing exponentially record numbers. Go to any popular park and you're going to see trains of tour buses packed with Chinese tourists who bought all-inclusive vacations. Yes, a lot of tourism jobs pay minimum wage. They're service industry jobs, not careers that enable someone to support a family. The problem here is that fossil fuel jobs are not a long-term solution. The world is moving away from fossil fuels, with or without America. Furthermore, automation means the number of jobs required isn't what it used to be. It's not either-or. What these small oil and coal towns need are initiatives to retrain the workers and attract other industries more in line with the 21st Century. EDIT: I don't know why I got downvoted. Parks are overcrowded. No one can support a family working at McDonald's or a hotel. I fully support National Parks and public lands, and while drilling isn't going to help these towns, neither is tourism.
Did I say it didn't help? Of course I didn't. You're acting like I'm refusing to acknowledge that its "better than nothing." Let's say your oil job went away. Now tourists are coming, and there's jobs, but what kind? There's a new Best Western in town. There's three or four office jobs that pay a decent wage, but what else? Are you going to clean rooms? I guess that might help if it's a second job. The point I'm trying to make is that tourism jobs are not a replacement for a town that's hurting from the loss of jobs in the oil or gas industries. Some think those jobs are coming back, which they aren't. State and local governments need to be offering incentives and courting green energy jobs to locate in these areas. A job in a factory making solar panels or wind turbines would be a viable replacement...not changing sheets at a hotel.
They're going to fry when they're up for election if they vote for this. They're delusional if they don't think it'd end up being the subject of attack ads: "This guy died because of the health care bill Senator Whatshisface voted for...without even seeing it."
Did Trump go to college? I mean, I know he has a diploma, but did he actually go to classes? His behavior and understanding of basic issues says otherwise.
Are you joking? This has the potential to damage the entire franchise. Disney spent *billions* on this. There's literally no way for them to come out of it looking good. It makes them look like they don't know what they're doing. A director dropping out when the movie is basically already shot basically *never* happens. I mean, do you see Paramount arranging to have some horrible press about the Transformers movie, just to stir up "controversy"? No. Movie studios put a ton of time and effort into doing everything they can to make sure their films get the most positive coverage possible.
...like writing a story about a young Han Solo
Seems like there's a lot of blame to go around here... What did the directors think they were getting into? You're dealing with Disney, dealing with Lucasfilm, dealings with Kennedy...on a very high profile, high budget blockbuster. Do you do what they tell you to do, or just ignore them and do your own thing? Why were they hired in the first place? Surely Kennedy and Kasdan knew what they were getting. They hired these quirky directors, and assumed they'd be willing to do exactly what they were told? What a disaster.
I've seen both of those, and found them entertaining. But the fact remains, they wouldn't be advertising the movie as "from the people who brought you The Lego Movie and 21 Jump Street." I also want to point out that they've only done two other live action movies: 22 Jump Street and Brooklyn Nine Nine, neither one of which were particularly well received.
No, I didn't know that. I assumed it was a movie, because I've never seen it. So that means they've directed two live action movies, both of which were comedies. And I think we can safely say that no one goes to a CGI cartoon movie based on who the directors were. Look: movies promote who the director is in two instances: 1) The director is famous, along the lines of a Spielberg 2) They're listing the director's other films, as a way of saying "This movie we're promoting is like these other movies." You're right, I'm not privy to Disney's marketing plans, but I'm pretty sure they weren't planning on promoting the Han Solo movie as being similar to a comedy with Jonah Hill.
That may be the first time I've heard someone compare WWE's writing to that of Game of Thrones. I can't imagine many things being more diametrically opposed. On the one hand, you've got a show where events that took place years ago are referenced, with an understanding that the audience is paying attention and knows what's going on. Characters have motivations and change over time. On the other hand, you've got WWE, where nothing is followed up on unless an extensive recap plays, even if it happened half an hour earlier. The characters are poorly defined, often with little do discern one from another, beyond their appearance. Storylines start and are randomly dropped for no reason. Events take place with no planning whatsoever. I would be very interested in seeing what some writers from a show like Game of Thrones could do with WWE.
Then in the match at the next PPV, Orton steals the potion and Majal turns into Hornswoggle in brownface.
How dare you doubt one of the original members of Metallica
According to both Variety and the Hollywood Reporter, the directors were fired for clashing with Kennedy and/or Kasdan. Sounds like they were going too far off script and doing too much ad libbing and comedy.
Arizona? They all seem like they're native Milwaukee folks.
This is exactly it. They weren't in a real place, and weren't even fighting real opponents. They were literally on a soundstage, just waving around at nothing. Lucas figured they'd piece it all together later. I imagine there was some degree of storyboarding and pre-visualization done, but when you're talking about what's supposed to be an epic battle, you just end up with generic shots with way too much going on, and no flow to any of it.
Of *all time*? The directors of the "Jump Street" movies are your favorite directors of *all time*? I bet even their parents wouldn't say that.
Amazing talent. A weekly spot on a decent cable channel. And then what? It boils down to one thing: Dixie was a mark. She wanted to be a TV star, and was infatuated with anyone who'd appeared on WWE television. She brought in Hogan and Bischoff, which was the beginning of the end. They hired their old buddies and the wrestlers the longtime TNA fans supported were given second billing. Bischoff convinces Dixie to take the show on the road, which led to the company hemorrhaging money. Her parents cut her off, and the company begins a downward spiral they never pull out of.
Variety and the Hollywood Reporter are both independently saying it was Kennedy and Kasdan clashing with the directors, which led to them being fired. Apparently they wouldn't stay on script and wouldn't take direction. EDIT: I'm downvoted for stating what was reported??
Ehh. This looks like it's something he *thought* he could do, but either wasn't strong enough or didn't time it correctly. I mean, he ends up falling backwards on his ass. EDIT: My humblest apologies for being critical of the amazing abilities of the almighty JBL.
Second verse Same as the first
Jeez, you're right. You know, I find a lot of their entrance graphics to me underwhelming. Enzo &amp; Cass literally had a template. It doesn't make sense to me...WWE has some of the best production people in the business, who manage to turn even the worst storylines into exciting video packages.
That's not a fair comparison. The problem isn't action, it's bloat. It's extremely hard to have a good movie with Batman, Superman, Luthor, Wonder Woman, Lois Lane, Alfred, Commissioner Gordon, and on and on with all of these divergent storylines. Marvel has, for the most part, done a good job with focusing their films. I don't know if the same will hold true in the future...it'll be interesting to see if the Infinity War thing just collapses under its own weight. Wonder Woman was very tightly focused, with a strong message running throughout. In the end, it's not so much about recognizable characters, it's about a good script, directing and acting.
I certainly hope not. The graphics are every bit as important.
I hope you're making some sort of joke. Look at the movies Kennedy and Kasdan have worked on, and compare that list to the guys who did the Jump Street movies...
TMP was released ten years after TOS. Like I said, we're now *twenty-five* past TNG. I'm sure there's a ton of stories waiting to be told. There'd be a great movie set after the end of DS9, dealing with what happened with Sisko, what the Dominion has been up to, and so on. And I'm sure there's lots of people here who'd go on opening night to see a movie about Icheb and Thomas Riker. But what about general audiences? You're comparing two totally different things here. Many people weren't even exposed to TOS until it was in reruns. When TMP came out, it was still relatively fresh. I would love a continuation of the shows I loved. A lot of people would. But it's not happening. This article is the worst kind of clickbait there is.
Formulaic storytelling: they've been recycling the same format for the past 20 years. Part-time main eventers: the "real names" only show up for Wrestlemania, and he rest of the year we're left with guys perceived as being secondary Ignoring the fans: pushing guys the company wants on top, instead of the ones the fans cheer for.
I'd be more apt to agree with you if Mike wasn't trying to make a career around being a public figure. And not just a public figure in the sense that he plays a character on tv, but in the sense that he himself is the character. He's selling himself as a personality. So if he's done thing that cause his "customers" to think he's a shitty person, it's not on them to give him the benefit of the doubt and make excuses for him.
It was off the air for ten years at the time, and many people didn't discover it until it was in reruns. TNG has been off the air for 25.
Ding ding ding
I feel like Varga disappeared because he's not truly human. He's some sort of mystical, treacherous spirit from ancient tales, and has likely been taking advantage of humans like the trickster he is for thousands of years. He's a goblin. The Vomit Goblin.
Vomit Monster
He shall forever be typecast in my mind as VM Varga the Vomit Monster.
Classic Joaquin Phoenix
And her acting was top notch the whole way.
What? Morphed into amphibians? That never happened!
"butthut" LOL
I'm not up to speed on all the specifics, but I believe you have to present a case to the guild and prove that you didn't have the appropriate amount of creative control, at which point they allow you to be credited as "Alan Smithee." I imagine the studio has no say so at all in removing someone's name. Also, a director has to shoot 51 percent of a film to receive credit. I could be wrong on some of this, but that's the way I understand it. It's also worth noting that firing a director this far intro production is basically unprecedented.
This is true. I think he got kicked out for it.
But if you're a director and are a member of the guild, are you allowed to work on films that don't have agreements?
If that's the case, then James is an idiot. It's the equivalent of James not caring about his fans.
Truth, but this account has been dormant for a long time.
True. The way I've heard it is that the people who worked on the shows would've preferred serialization, but the studio was against it. Which makes sense in a time before DVRs and streaming. But once Voyager came around, all the executives' eyes were on that, and the writers of DS9 just lied to them about what was going on and how long and in-depth the stories were actually planned to be.
What is with all the designs on it??
I don't find it distracting in the least.
Your response is a pile of rotting garbage.
Oh, it was awesome. Definitely one of the highlights of the first teaser trailer. *So* much speculation about who he was. Then you saw the movie, and it was like "Wait, that's it?!?"
I don't want to see Enzo and Cass face off in a match yet. They've got a good thing going right now, and it's too soon to put them in the ring together in what'd likely be a lower midcard match.
I'm not sure why they'd feel the need to make the prosthetics more "modern." I've never looked at them and though "Wow, those look cheesy and outdated."
If you read the article, they did put ice on the baby.
This is true, but I don't think that alone would've stopped them. There's a difference between paying royalties on one or two episodes versus paying the guy who wrote the Locarno character for the entire run of Voyager.
Someone like that could never be champ. Sure, he might have some silly catchphrase that gets over, but it'd just be the catchphrase, not him.
Memphis? What do you mean, "Memphis"? Vince McMahon alone created Hulk. I know because the WWE Network told me so.
I feel like no one arrives in limos anymore.
Vash?
I think her delivery was intentionally a bit awkward at times. Her character is kind of a "weirdo," after all.
But how did the TNG-era Klingons look out of date? I don't think there's been any huge breakthroughs in prosthetics.
I think he's like a mad scientist of acting.
Not really sure that's a good comparison, since Renee is pretty much top tier when it comes to broadcasting.
Went to wwfzelda.com. Was sad.
I think there’s a key difference here. Kubrick was adapting books because he liked the source material. Virtually none of them came with a built in audience, which is exactly what the complaint is about Hollywood right now. They’re adapting material and making sequels because they’re counting on the familiarity of a name. How many people went to see Barry Lyndon because they were hugs fans of the 1844 novel?
Just to be totally fair, he doesn’t “constantly” talk about it. He only answers the question because people always ask it when he makes appearances. He’s even said something to the effect of “Everyone’s going to think I’m begging for the job, but I’m just answering the same question over and over.”
http://ew.com/tv/2017/05/12/ewan-mcgregor-obi-wan-star-wars-movie-jimmy-kimmel/
How were you not able to get good pictures of Monument Valley? There’s a big hotel and parking lot right at the overlook.
Well the steam has to power something.
Oh come on give them some credit. They’re now covering the snowstorm in the northeast and the Clinton “property blaze.”
It’s the same tactic they used with Manafort: “He was only here for a short time and we got rid of him.”
I keep hearing this, but one of the people who worked on the CGI says they were built with far more detail than necessary at the time, and he thinks they would hold up.
That’s not chocolate cake. And there’s only one scoop of ice cream. Fake news!
Computer? Hello, Computer.
I find this hard to believe. If it were the case, wouldn’t photon torpedoes be a world-breaking weapon? I mean, wouldn’t you have races running around destroying planets with very little effort? You’d have a hard time keeping anyone safe.
What’s crazy is you can still walk that same route to it from the Colosseum today, right past the Arch of Constantine.
Because he seems like the kind of guy who doesn’t like going outdoors.
But Leno agreed to step down. He even made a big announcement on when it would happen. Then he didn’t go away. He had a new show that got such terrible ratings that the affiliates revolted because it was ruining their local news ratings. Then NBC tried to move his show to the Tonight Show slot and told Conan they’d bump his show back a half hour. Conan said “fuck that,” and they put Leno back at the Tonight Show for a bit. Just wanted to clarify what you said, because you’re making it seem like Leno was a hapless victim. He agreed to leave, then never really left. He could’ve put a stop to all of it at any point.
&gt;”Blocking a world leader from Twitter or removing their controversial Tweets would hide important information people should be able to see and debate. It would also not silence that leader, but it would certainly hamper necessary discussion around their words and actions," the company said in a blog post Friday. Translation: Trump brings us tons of money and attention, and is exempt from the rules we apply to everyone else.
Just an FYI, they used to have organized stargazing parties with telescopes available.
It’s a pretty common Trump tweet. You can retry much just take bits and pieces of other tweets at this point and construct one that’s totally realistic. I think the really disturbing thing here is that he’s responding to an official GOP tweet that uses a silly graphic to tear down the book. What the hell is going on? When did the GOP shift from waffling and looking at the floor to a full defense of Trump?
Yeah, it’s sad. There’s definitely a dark undercurrent in the lives of a lot of child actors. I don’t know if it’s overbearing parents, kids being forced to live in an adult world of criticism while missing out on their childhoods or what, but it’s really disturbing how many of them grow up with major issues. Maybe /u/wil could shed some light on this? He seems to have grown up to be a kind and well-adjusted adult, but it’s always bothered me how many child actors end up suffering.
Especially when you’re talking about Jericho. The guy has done *anything* but excuse Benoit’s actions. He’s done the exact opposite. If anyone reading this hasn’t heard his podcast with Chavo from a few years ago, I’d highly encourage you to give it a listen. It’s a really raw and frank discussion—not just about their feelings, but their observations on Benoit over the years. They readily admit that there was always something odd about him. What sticks in my mind was a portion where they talked about how Benoit would just randomly vanish, and how rare it was for them to be invited to spend time with him. Jericho’s been very open about discussing Benoit and how difficult it was for him to try to come to terms with what happened. If someone wants to criticize what a random person on the Internet has to say about Benoit, go ahead. But Jericho actually knew the guy (as well as anyone could claim to) and he’s definitely never excused or tried to sugarcoat the murders.
/r/NothingEverHappens
To be fair, he’s doing what WWE wants. He’s wrestling their style, and doing so in a way that keeps him pretty healthy.
Ugh. I know you’re probably right, but...ugh. If this happens, I hope Mueller will just make everything he’s learned so far public.
I think when you take the firing in context with the enormous number of statements he’s made about the Russian investigation being phony and made up and a hundred other things along the lines of him believing it should just go away, it would absolutely prove intent in a court of law.
I wish you didn’t get downvoted just for expressing your opinion.
Well I suppose I don’t. His team has been so tightlipped, no one *really* knows. But let’s take two things we do know: Don Jr. took a meeting with a Russian operative who claimed to have dirt on Hillary. That alone involves working with a foreign government to win an election, and is criminal behavior. He’s admitted this meeting took place, and says it was about “adoptions.” Which almost certainly relates to Russia wanting sanctions lifted as it results to the Magnitsky Act. We also know that Trump’s people pushed a change in the official GOP platform during the convention, removing language expressing support for Ukraine. Russia later dumped the DNC emails on Wikileaks. When did that happen? The very day after the convention ended. These are just two things we know for sure. The second one would be one of the biggest coincidences of all time if there was no communication and agreement between the two parties.
No, not bullshit. There’s been a string of people influencing and directing Trump since he took office. In the beginning, that was Bannon. The Muslim ban stuff was all him. It’s all been about who has access at certain times, and who’s figured out how to sway Trump through flattery and convincing him to do what they want. As far as that subreddit goes, I think there’s was a mini-movement to get the term spread around in the hopes it’d make Trump angry and put Bannon on the outs—because Trump doesn’t like other people getting credit.
I don’t think he’s saying it’s racist or insulting. I think he’s saying you can’t judge all civilizations on the same scale, because they all take different paths. Some may look at Mesoamerican civilizations as being lesser because they didn’t use the wheel—but they say necessity is the mother of invention, and there just wasn’t much of a need for wheels in mountainous terrain. Honestly, I don’t see how you could look at how the massive blocks at Maccu Piccu fit together and say the people there were “less advanced.” Measuring advancement is relative.
Ok, I really hope it’s not the first one. The “special modifications” line was just something Han said, which I took to either mean he souped up the engine or was just bullshitting like Han tends to do. I’m really concerned that this movie is going to take a bunch of little bits of lines from the original movies and try to flesh them out.
And what the hell is Paul Ryan wearing?
I don’t think it has anything to do with CBS not wanting to spend the money. Those shows were filmed in a 4x3 format. The image extends on the sides, but was often cluttered with equipment and crew members. Not only would it cost a hell of a lot of money to digitally erase all of that, but the directors on the shows framed their images to be seen in 4x3. You’re comparing this to sitcoms, which generally take place on very wide sets with static cameras in front of studio audiences. They’re almost more like plays than cinematic television shows. They aren’t putting thought or effort into artistic framing, and you don’t have crew and equipment lingering just outside of the shots.
Was that in the preview? I didn’t see that.
Colm Meaney and Alexander Siddig picked it up. Some say they still play with it to this day.
I don’t think that’s true. He wasn’t exactly a main character, but he had roles beyond just being a talking head on the bridge. The Naked Time and Shore Leave, just off the top of my head.
That line stuck out to me as being especially cheesy. That’s not necessarily a condemnation of the actress—when I think of characters who could’ve pulled it off, the list basically starts and ends with Picard.
Many people are saying they saw Sloppy Trump running from the zoo while pulling up his pants. Sad!
Will you sell perforated versions so we can keep them up to date as Trump dismantles them?
What? How is that possible?!? I saw Trump next to a table with a bunch of paper on it!
I gave up trying to defend them a long time ago. All it got me was downvotes. It’s sad, because we’re all fans and we all enjoy reading news about wrestling. I think what people don’t understand is that this copy/pasting and complaining about it doesn’t help anyone. If the very few people actually gathering the news go out of business, then all we’re left with is whatever info WWE releases themselves.
It’s only gotten worse over time. I’m a subscriber too, and the downvotes only increased. I get what you’re saying, and I totally agree. A while back, Mike Johnson did an AMA and it was very well received. Since then, I think the moderation here has gotten worse, and the subreddit has become an echo chamber where any unpopular opinions are immediately downvoted and everyone else just piles on. The mods allow posts from all sorts of shady ripoff “newz” sites, and it’s what people have gotten used to. They don’t care that people need to make a living off of reporting wrestling news. They just want it for free. If you want to ask Mike to come back and do another AMA, feel free. I don’t think it’d be a bad idea to remind people where their news is actually coming from.
Looks awfully big.
Obviously someone headed out and bought the wrong kind of ladder. Which is kind of funny, but reminds me of how someone bought the wrong kind of table to use at a house show, and Fit Finlay almost lost his leg. No joke. He was whipped into the table when it was set up in the corner, and the jagged edges went right into the muscle.
Rome during the time of Bayek didn’t look like what we think of as “Rome.” A lot of the best known structures weren’t built at the time.
There’s a lot of questionable writing. Every week there’s some sort of dialogue that makes me think “Really? Someone wrote that and thought it’d be good to have a character say it?” Last week it was the speech about fortifying yourself with the strength of your crew. This week it was the bizarre conversation about tethers. It’s just so...I don’t know. It’s just not how people talk. EDIT: People. This is my own personal opinion. So is the comment above mine. Downvoting someone just for expressing an opinion is an excellent way to stifle discussion and ensure that everyone here is alike. Do we really want an echo chamber? Here, of all places?
I canceled by subscription and just started subscribing through Amazon. Surprise, it looks perfect.
OH MY GOD THAT TRUCK IS WORTH 12 MILLION DOLLARS OH MY GOD WHAT’S HE DOING OH NO HE’S IN THE TRUCK OH GOD HE’S...ok nevermind he just wanted to look around and see how the magic is made
People underestimate how big of a deal this was back in the Monday Night Wars. You really had no idea what was going to happen. Now, everyone has their own self-contained storylines, and even when they cross over, it’s predictable. If Wrestler A is feuding with Wrestler B, you know when Wrestler A is in a segment, We’ll soon see Wrestler B. If Wrestler A has a segment with Wrestler C, you know Wrestler B will come out and he’ll find a partner for a tag match. Back in the 90s, there was so much competition that even when a segment came on with wrestlers you weren’t interested in, you didn’t want to turn the channel because you weren’t sure when things could change. The nWo might run out. They might switch quickly to what Austin was doing backstage. The unpredictability went away when WCW was gone. There was no reason to keep people from flipping the channel. I didn’t find the Braun storyline particularly compelling, but at least there was an effort to keep one storyline going.
By “previous attempts,” you mean “someone fucked it up really badly and then it was hell trying to get it back to the way it looked before.”
This is called Kualoa Ranch. A ton of movies have been shot here—most famously the Gallimimus stampede from Jurassic Park and a lot of scenes from Lost. Most recently it’s in the new Jumanji movie.
Far, far, *far* superior. Meaning, it actually works like it’s supposed to.
To be fair, it’s one of many known issues that haven’t been fixed since the app launched. I can understand why people are getting impatient. I get that there’s only one guy working on it, but if the app is so popular, maybe he should hire some help? Because honestly, a month between updates for a new app is a little long.
Probably Usenet. Like alt.fan.starwars or something.
&gt; **Why was Ron Jones, who’d been composing music for TNG, dismissed after Gene Roddenberry’s death?** &gt; Berman: On various sites, one of them being Wikipedia, I’ve read some pretty nasty things that Ron Jones has said about me, with a general perception that his music was too good and I was not interested in good music. That is insulting and also absurd. The music on Star Trek was something that was supervised by me and by Peter Lauritson. Peter had been involved in hiring and firing conductors from the first episode of Next Generation to the last episode of Enterprise. Ron came on at one point, I forget exactly when, and he did numerous episodes for us. We got along fine. And at one point, because there were other composers we’d try out and we’d use for anywhere from one to dozens of episodes, it got to a point where neither Peter nor I were pleased with Ron’s work. As I believe I said at the time to somebody, he was doing the kind of scoring that was calling attention to itself. That doesn’t mean, as some people have interpreted it, that I wanted dull, boring music. What it means is that the music is there to enhance the scene that is going. The scene is not there to enhance the music. And Ron’s stuff was getting big and somewhat flamboyant. It was a decision that Peter and I made that was just a simple moving on to other composers. I think Ron was a perfectly good composer. I didn’t think he was in the same ballpark as Dennis McCarthy or Jay Chattaway, who we used a good deal of the time. But we decided to move on and try other composers.
Well to be fair, so does “Spock’s adopted sister fights Klingons and flies around with an engine powered by mushrooms.”
Then you find out there’s no such thing as medieval archaeology, as everything’s already been discovered and studied. As a consolation prize, you can now basically live in medieval times on a holodeck.
Well...to be fair, there’s a whole lot of 12-year-olds on here.
Just to be clear, one of the artists to who worked on DS9 says he still has the CG models, and that they will hold up in HD: http://trekcore.com/blog/2013/05/deep-space-nine-in-high-definition-one-step-closer/
As a fellow American who had the pleasure of visiting London, I’d recommend spending some time just wandering about aimlessly — especially very early on a Sunday morning. Nearly every block has something architecturally fascinating.
Just off the top of my head, he said there were some “very fine people” who marched in Charlottesville to protest against the removal of the Confederate statue. Now, I can see where there might be a few otherwise well-intentioned people who weren’t racist and just liked the statue. Maybe they like their park the way it is. Maybe they think the statue is an important part of their town’s history. But imagine you’re a “very fine” person who drives over to this protest. You get out of your car, stroll over to the park, and there’s a mob of people with torches holding Nazi flags. Very fine people don’t march with Nazis. They say “Whoa...shit.” Then they trot back over to their car and drive home. If they join in, they’re agreeing to be called Nazis themselves. So Trump was calling Nazis (or people marching side by side with Nazis) very fine people. I suppose you could make the argument that defending Nazis isn’t racist, but the only argument you could make is that Trump is ignorant. So which is it? Is he racist or is he stupid?
I don’t know why you got downvoted just for expressing your opinion...which I totally agree with, by the way.
I thought this wasn’t a real movie...
Just wanted to say this was a nice analysis and you really shouldn’t feel introverted around here. You expressed your thoughts quite well, and I think most everyone would welcome more comments like these.
Gonna have to disagree with you here. You can’t compare news to “Youtubers.” Those people are typically shooting things that are planned out. They can take their time getting everything situated just how they want it. News is unpredictable by definition. As someone else stated above, you don’t have time to go fiddling through menus to get the shot looking how you want. I know there are smaller models of professional grade tv cameras, but you get what you pay for. They’re going to have smaller sensors and less features. And also as someone else stated, it’s going to be a lot easier to balance a camera on your shoulder than to hold one out in front of you for an extended period of time. Also...news anchors don’t use cameras. They sit at desks indoors.
Hah I bet the money is a lot better in corporate films!
Really? Yeah, tons of people were drafted. Although to be fair, tons of them also ran off to sign up.
Yep. People who tuned in for the 25th anniversary show, and weren’t given a reason to watch the following week.
It wouldn’t surprise me if he’s there somewhere. That’s another one of Conan’s producers with the white hair.
That’s one of his producers.
Whoa whoa whoa. No one ever said “fuck these Muslims.” I mean, I’m sure some people did, but saying something like that is ridiculous. I don’t want to speak for anyone else, but my main objection was the fact that WWE was being hypocritical. They act like they’re big supporters of women’s rights, but also took money and spread propaganda for a regime that remains extremely oppressive when it comes to women. And it’s not fair to characterize the country of Saudi Arabia as just being “Muslims.” Many of them follow Wahhabism, which is a very extreme version of Islam. Not all Muslims think the way they do. So yes, it’s entirely possible to disagree with WWE for what they did, and also disagree with this racist woman.
Totally aside from all the conversation about what actually happened... Why is 411Mania getting so much credit in the title? I mean, their website is literally listed before the headline. They did nothing except rip off the story from someone else, which is pretty much all they do there.
Is the handing out of medication in envelopes even legal? It sounds super shady to me. Did they keep documentation of it? How would one member of the medical team know what another member gave to another person?
