Their actions show a disregard for human lives, and are entirely self-interested, it's pretty psychopathic.
Well, I think it depends on how much technology is going to change the face of society, and what happens until then. But honestly, print as we know it now is probably going to be a largely vanished medium.
Looks like Chris Evans and Donald Glover.
When you buy debt you don't have any control over that country, you're basically making an investment for yourself. Buying debt is an investment, it basically says, "This country has a good economy and I know they will pay me back". It's when no one wants to invest in your debt that you know things are bad. So people that freak out about China owning US debt don't understand why China is buying. China isn't buying US debt to hurt us, if the US economy tanked China would lose a lot of money and it would be bad for China. Countries owning one another's debt means there is some incentive there for them to make sure both parties are healthy economically so the country who got the loan can pay it back. Also, you can't really just get out of an economic catastrophe by printing more money, i'm kind of being simple with the explanation, but the more money I print the less each dollar is worth, so if I printed 10 billion dollars to fix some debt budget hole, the dollars would be worth less and not be able to fill the hole, so I would be caught in a loop of printing more and more money and being unable to pay everything off.
Usually it is just internal guidelines, and how it makes you feel while watching it. Certain kind of shots are just jarring or make people feel uncomfortable, kind of like why jump-cuts aren't popular, and sometimes it is also just stuff that doesn't make the actor look that flattering. Usually things that are jarring are only done to make a point because they are usually very memorable.
Movies =/= Network television. Also, i'm not saying these suggestions and style guidelines are never broken, just that for most subjects they are inappropriate and avoided for their jarring qualities.
Well most human beings value human lives, but the question is how effective is our aid REALLY? It's not that we shouldn't give aid, it's that a lot of western aid destroys local businesses and makes the economy worse in the country we're dumping our unwanted corn feed and 2nd hand clothing on, all while hurting farmers and the clothing industries in those countries, and doing NOTHING to fix the root causes. We love temporary band-aids that make us feel like heroes. The better things we can do are international debt forgiveness, micro-loans and grants to people building businesses and infrastructure in those countries.
Right I agree, throwing money and supplies that aren't needed at problems don't help people.
The Cloning facilities were disabled during the Clone Wars, by the time of the OT the Empire had started conscripting people and opened academies, the Clone Troopers were almost all gone by then. By this time of the First Order, they has lost most of the Imperial academies, and have taken to pirate raids where they kidnap and brainwash children to fill out their ranks.
Do you just think every writer is identical? Do you think everyone writes identical to 2005 George Lucas? Larry Kasdan has a certain kind of cadance to his writing, read the script to ESB, read the leaked script for TFA. This sounds like no example of his writing that has ever existed. Also at least GL's scripta looked and felt like scripts regardless of the wooden dialogue. It isn't just that the dialogue is weak, it's that this reads like no Star Wars script ever made, and specifically that it sounds like a first semester filmmaking student and not like someone who has been writing screenplays for the last 40 years.
It is not standard for the screenwriter to get 50% of the gross profits in any universe. Even in the 1 in a million case where the suit isn't filed by a crazy person all they get is a small sum and credit, e.g. just like Harlan Ellisom and Terminator, he didn't end up making 50% of the fucking profits, he got a settlement and credit.
Because that is a pulled pork melt not a grilled cheese.
Where do you live where people harass you?
Satan was an angel. Reminds me of the story of Satan offering Christ dominion over the world.
Complete just a page a day and that is roughly three features a year, give or take a few weeks for brainstorming/outlining.
I have heard from a few people who have worked as crew on the show that she is... rough to work with. Like, "Don't look me in the eye or you're fired", kind of rough. She is apparently a beast on set and there have been a lot of really bad stories passed around about her.
I think that is a big part of it, a "don't stare at me, do your fucking job and stop acting like it's a big deal being here", is pretty common in the industry, if you get ga-ga over celebrities or anything it's the wrong place for you to be, so it can be seen as disrespectful and unprofessional if you're gawking at people.
Actually they explain this in the Wachowski approved canon MMO, you find documents during a mission that show that Anderson was an experimental unite that had wireless hook-ups in his physical body, the machines were testing Matrix WiFi to potentially make humans who could be shut down and re-Matrixed wirelessly, thus making future Zion invasions easier/cleaner/less-costly. The Oracle knew about the program, and positioned it so Anderson would be "The One", knowing that his wireless hook-ups could be harnessed to allow him to effect machines outside of the Matrix and thus break the cycle of Zion being destroyed over and over.
He actually had special hook-ups, it's the reason the Oracle chose him because she knew he would be able to use the hardware to stop the machines IRL, they explain it in the MMO which was canon approved by the Wachowskis.
Vincent looks in the case, the entire point of contention between him and Jules and what they spend most of the film discussing is Vincent's skepticism vs. Jules spiritual awakening; why would he flat out reject the concept of God, miracles, and the supernatural after having personally witnessed a soul?
That the briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains Marsellus Wallace's soul. The entire point of the briefcase storyline is that Jules is going to escape the cycle of violence that eventually destroys all criminals because of his spiritual awakening, Vincent refuses to acknowledge the miracle and continues down the path of evil. If Vincent personally witnessed a soul contained in a briefcase, why in the hell would he spend the rest of the film arguing with Jules about miracles and god?
I HIGHLY recommend the film "Funny Bones" if you like him, he is BRILLIANT in it, and it's another great-late role for Jerry Lewis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE1wCo3N6As
Well I don't know if it's "religious", but it's right in the dialogue, Jules argues that Vincent needs to recognize a miracle happened and Vincent refuses claiming that life is just coincidences. Not to mention their entire discussion at the end, Jules wants to travel the earth seeking spiritual purity, and Vincent says that he is just going to be a worthless bum. I think you can't analyze the case storyline without dealing with the fact that it has a spiritual aspect to it.
If you ever find yourself in Tennessee dinner is on me!
I never said that the film was CHRISTIAN, I merely said that SPIRITUALITY and recognizing miracles is a central theme of the Jules/Vincent storyline, all religious themes does not mean a "Christian"-theme. Jules recognizes that there is more to life than the violence he exists in and leaves it. Vincent refuses to recognize that and is destroyed by it.
Why do you have little faith in John Goodman?
I am seeing a lot of parallels to the comic "Irredeemable", which would probably also be impossible to get made conventionally.
The good thing about that money is that the government makes new money in tax revenue every year to do new stuff with.
China is the minority of debt holders, and holding our debt does not hurt us, it's an investment in us because we pay back our debts. That isn't the issue.
The government provides services, we pay a membership fee for the services they provide, they pull in new revenue every year from those membership fees.
That isn't a bad thing though, we're paying off the debt, we don't default on it, our securities are good, it's why people invest in us. And we do have money, we sell securities for money we'll pay off for money we can flip around and invest now. It's one of the ways we keep the economy growing as fast as it does.
Fingers and toes crossed.
We pay off the securities as they mature, while getting more credit for new programs which we then turn around and pay off when they mature.
They are 1500 light years away, if it is aliens and they are just now building a sphere, that means that probably stopped using tradition radio decades or centuries ago.
Yea. Contact Amazon and tell them you accidentally got the wrong book.
Tell them "I bought this here a few weeks ago as a present for my Cousins birthday, but after the party I realized it was the wrong set, but I had already tossed the receipt, here is the card I bought it with." They won't be able to find it on the card if they even ask, and will ask if a gift card to Walmart is fine.
Buy a shirt, tell them you're going to look at one last thing before you leave, get something more expensive, pop off the security stuff and take it to the front, on the way to the front toss it in your bag. You just go ahead and toss it in the bag if there is no one back in the section you're looking at.
Because they didn't want it rotting on the surface of the ground with flies and coyotes snooping around to feast on a rotting corpse which makes everything smell like death?
But offering the card adds that little extra plausibility even if they don't run it. If they do run it just act confused if it doesn't show up and they always give a gift card.
With Ebooks, not if you do it within 15 minutes.
That's what the bag is for.
This is a thread about how to do illegal and unethical things. No of course don't take advantage of people and lie and abuse customer service people.
Oh man! The castle the kid buys in "Blank Check" is in Texas. It's like destiny.
What would be the motivation for the future Omni Bank that controls all wealth to punish an external economy that can offer it no more wealth?
If 10 people own all of the wealth, then they've won, they have all of the money. What would they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy that can't offer them anything?
Right, in the scenario they've already won, what do they have to gain from attacking a parallel economy with nothing to offer them?
I think there is a big difference between being a stupid kid and using a few drugs and being a destroyed person.
Right but once again, in this future scenario they have already won, they have all of the money, why try to attack an external economy that can offer nothing to them and never threaten them.
You would if the Ants created an entomologist.
He said they look like Batman, either he means they look like Batman out of the costume, or he's referencing the fact that they are wearing martial arts armor?
Maybe he just really wants to be ready for Suicide Squad.. it's hawt today.
Glad you're doing better!
The cops would have been there within the first minute of the video and he would have been on the ground drowning in his own blood.
Well not grow in the same way. How it's been happening is that manufacturing jobs come in, and it allows people to move out of a rural existence and move up, they can invest in their child's education using their blue-collar job, start owning things, and their child can have a white-collar job. All economies transition, and things come in and out of them that offer profit. Once we have mass-automation, the last few countries which haven't had a chance to see a mass of manufacturing jobs come there will be able to switch over to machines. The question is how do we transition from humans having those jobs to robots, how quickly is it going to happen? Will there been any developing economies actually left by the time we get there? Will the economics of scale factor in and it still be cheaper for a lot of those jobs to remain with humans if there are other infrastructure issues? Will we be able to transition globally into some variation of the basic income system if there aren't any jobs for people to do? Will new jobs emerge which we can't imagine now?
Your clothes can smell because you were around people smoking or smoking previously, but you weren't currently high. Maybe he gave a lift to some people who were themselves either smoking recently, or around people that were smoking? So you can't even be certain that the people that left the scent in the car were high much less that the driver was at all responsible.
And the only forces that can in any way compare to the Federation in size and power are the Dominion and the Borg, both are over a thousand years old or more by the time that the Federation meets them, and even though the Federation faces horrible initial battles, they quickly rebuild and adapt. The Federation is able to rebuild the fleet after the Battle of Wolf 359 within a year, the Federation was able to spring back almost instantly from the initial failures in the Dominion War. So the two wars with superior-teched organizations of equal or greater size ended in Federation victories. A single star-ship was able to spread a technological virus to the Borg and destroyed their Transwarp hub killing billions of Borg, and leading to a civil war where reawakened Borg split away and fought against the Collective. The Dominion War ended with a peace treaty. There are many forces in the Galaxy more powerful than the Federation, but there are few that can adapt as quickly, once the Federation is faced with a problem, it gets solved quickly.
Zionism was founded by athiest socialists in the 1800's to escape the rabid anti-Semitism of Europe. Religious Zionism is a movement of it's own. Zionism is merely the belief in a Jewish state in the name of political self-determination, anything else you believe is extra.
An attack on Zionism as a concept is an attack on Jews having political self-determination. You can attack the opinions of a wrong feminist without attacking the concept of feminism. Feminism is just the idea that women deserve equal rights to men, if someone who is a radicalist pulls that into a wrong and hateful direction it doesn't undermine feminism as a concept just that person. Just like the existence of evil or radical zionists shouldn't undermine the Jewish people's right to control their own destiny.
Except there are dozens of sub categories of Zionism.
Depends on your definition of "not rare". Statistically thet happen max a few hundred times a year, most gun crime is gang related not previously uncriminal people getting into arguments.
Conceal-carry has doubled in the last 20 years, the percentage pf women owning guns has doubled, gun-sales have skyrocketed, and other polls have suppprt contrary evidence that gun ownership rates are stable or rising.
And now it's not illegal and crime is still going down.
More like, for years people warned against it because gun crime would go up and it didn't. I am not saying they are connected, I am saying that they increased and what was claimed would happen didn't.
Except I never said that. I said that critics said more CC would lead to an epidemic of public shootings, it didn't, they have gone down.
Mass shootings are so small on the first place that even a handful of extra shootings can double them. Mass shootings are a minority of gun crimes, and the increase in them happened long after the liberalization of CC. I didn't put an argument forward, I merely stated that critics of gun rights said it would lead to an epidemic of gun violence and overall it has done the opposite of what they said it would.
Israel never actually utilized the AK in any significant numbers and definitely never picked it over the AR. Their primary weapons were Enfield's, Stens, Thompsons, and Czech bolt action rifles, until the 50's when they switched over to the Uzi and the FN FAL. The tested the AK but were never able to get a lot of them, so they dropped the idea of utilizing it and developed the Galil which had sought to balance the hardiness of the AK with the accuracy of the FAL/AR platforms. They used that until they switched over the the M-16 and M4 in the late-90's/early 2000's, since the platform has gotten far more reliable for desert usage. They are now phasing out the M-16 for the Tavor by 2018.
"Oh what a lovely teaparty!"
Do you have anything to prove that? Because the word of god is that Neo had special wireless equipment.
There was something special about him, he had experimental plug hardware that had Wireless hardware built into it, which is why he had powers outside of the Matrix.
There are ways to see what devices iPod's are associated with, you could potentially get an iTunes account name from it.
There are a lot of people to support other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there is Bernie Sanders, who could still deny her enough votes to lead to a contested convention, there is a third party like Jill Stein at the Greens, or Gary Johnson who just clinched the Libertarian nomination. There are a lot of viable options other than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and being against Hillary Clinton does not mean being FOR Trump.
I don't want a choice between a criminal and a blow-hard. I'll vote third party, and if the wrong person gets voted in, it won't be my responsibility that everyone else also didn't vote their conscience and got with their gut instead of taking a bit out of a shit sandwich like everyone else. I refuse, if everyone else simply did the same there would be no, "lesser of two evil" choice. It's on everyone else to simply choose not to as well.
No it won't, because it is a collective responsibility for everyone to choose the best candidate. If they choose the least worst of two candidates when there are dozens available, that is on them, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I have no responsibility to be a accessory of a two-party system which regularly fails the American people. Ignorance of the amazing variety of alternative choices, and third parties who are closer ideologically to what I and other voters want is no excuse. If someone wants to be ignorant of alternative choices, and buy into the failing two-party system, sure, do it. I won't.
We've spent the primaries figuring out who REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS want, which together demographically represent less than 25% of the total US population, and Americans who support the parties regularly express disappointment that the party does not 100% represent them. The idea that the Republicans and Democrats alone represent what Americans want is totally unfounded in reality, and the fact that they both replaced other parties and came from periods of time with more than two major parties. I am only responsible for voting who I believe is the best person, not the lesser worse candidate of a false two choice system which I have absolutely no obligation to be a part of. The COLLECTIVE has a responsibility to vote for the best candidate, if they chose the lesser of two bad candidates instead of the superior third party candidates, then it is a collective failure, and has absolutely nothing to do with me. I will be voting against my self interest with EITHER a Clinton or Trump presidency, I have no obligation to make the false choice of harming my self interest in barely different ways, why would I want to fuck myself over by voting for either of those monsters, instead of voting for a third party candidate who isn't a sociopath?
Except once again, they don't have a obligation to choose between the two party system, no one HAS to make that choice. They only "have" to make that choice because everyone else feels like they "have" to make that choice, and they simply do not. Over half of the country approves of neither candidate, if those people simply follow their displeasure and vote for a third party candidate, that person would win in a landslide. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to feel like they have to choose a member of the republicans or democrats at all. They won't have an easy chance to win if everyone who disapproves of them simply votes third party.
Except all of the candidates have a possibility of winning if people simply stopped operating within the false premise of "one or the other". It's a total illusion, we have a democracy, and at least a half dozen different candidates that will be on all 50 state ballots. It is simply a failure of people to be informed about all of their choices if they refuse to make a choice outside of the two-party system.
It is a false premise, nothing is stopping you from choosing a superior third party. All everyone simply has to do is NOT vote for the two awful choices we are left with. They are not the only candidates in the race.
He has a ship that effectively makes him one of the most technologically advanced people on earth rivaling Tony Stark. Not to mention there are a lot of people who would want to talk to him about stuff going on in the universe which he has a direct knowledge of.
Most species that have existed don't exist anymore, if we killed off half of the species on the planet right now, in a few million years things that look remarkably like those species that were wiped out would have filled the niches left. Life fills niches, that is all it does, pick any random species, and there was another version of it in it's niche before the previous creature got knocked out for a million different reasons. Individual species aren't important on geological scales, only on human scales. We don't want to wipe out species because it can upset the ecosystem and make things harder for human beings if we wipe out too many. Not wiping out a species only matters on human scale, we shouldn't do it for us and us alone.
Because he is still a human being first and foremost.
Except it's not, you're reading it wrong. We shouldn't kill off as many species as we want because it would upset the balance and hurt US, it would hurt PEOPLE. The push to stop species from being wiped out has NOTHING to do with "saving the planet", and everything to do with SAVING US. The planet will be fine, there is absolutely nothing that humanity can do to harm life on this rock on geological scales, no virus we could engineer, no nuclear disaster we could execute, no war we could wage, nothing that could permanently destroy life on this planet. The harm that we do only harms us, protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with selflessness and everything to do with selfishness. Those species don't matter, something would kill them, us killing creatures and killing species doesn't really matter, once again, on geological scales, most species get wiped out, the ecosystem can handle that. But you need to understand what I am saying. We shouldn't protect the planet because of some long-term damage we are doing to the planet, or that life is somehow going to be disrupted over the 100,000 to 10,000,000 year scale, it isn't, we are a blip on the radar. Everything we do, we are, and should realize, we do for ourselves to keep humanity from being only a blip on the radar.
He can't stop referencing it, Earth seems to be pretty important to him still.
Why is he wearing that Hausu T-shirt...? https://s3.amazonaws.com/criterion-production/shop_product_images/679-39fa5fe49c1e816075b5e2a918325d39/mens_house_shirt_900_brighter_original.png It's so weird...
Correct, the Brain Bugs are psychic, and the bugs are known to take human prisoners and keep them alive. So I imagine that if a Brain Bug wanted to interrogate a human they would do it psychically instead of absorbing the brain itself.
I feel like Justin Timberlake and Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga have all gone through significant transformations. Justin Timberlake's output has consistently been above-average and gotten better, and he has always had some more experimental edges to some of his more recent stuff. Miley Cyrus is now going off the rails and doing experimental collabs with The Flaming Lips, and I feel like she's being truer to herself than she was in her earlier career. And Lady Gaga went from a very straightforward singer-songwriter-pianist, to this bizarre pop figure. I feel like we still have a lot of pop musicians that have gone through radical transformations.
On a website that used to have some of Jelani's poetry and raps on it, he had one called "Waiting", here is a quote from it, "Well again I write to you with thoughts of loneliness. Bored out of my mind and the only thing I really want to do it pop a few pills and go to bed. For real, but on the side note I just finished watching the matrix movie." Not saying that it proves anything, and the character you take on in a song doesn't necessarily reflect who you are, but are we certain he didn't do drugs, if we take his verse at face value? They say the tox screening was clear, but you have to test for specific things, and what if he took a pill thinking it was something else and it killed him or he overdosed in some way that wasn't easily testable in a tox screening? No robbery happened, his new shoes and hat were left alone, his wallet still had everything in it, no one had a beef with him as far as anyone can figure... So doesn't an accidental ingestion or overdose of something and his friends panicking make sense? Especially if it was a drug that they didn't think to check for in the tox screening, or a drug that simply metabolizes quickly and maybe was not super visible in the screening?
We were, but Reed Richards fixed it so we aren't aware it happened.
Unnamed sources straight up say that. No official statement has been made other, "Calm down guys, reshoots were planned at the beginning of the project, and are totally normal."
Except we haven't. The ozone is and has repaired itself over time, we have done absolutely no irreversible harm to our oceans, if we disappeared tomorrow there would be almost no evidence of technological civilization in 100,000 years other than a few long-lived radioactive compounds (which do not exist in concentrations high enough throughout the entire biosphere to destroy it, merely to be detectable). There is absolutely nothing we have done to the planet that is going to still be causing damage in 100,000 years. Even if we engaged in a nuclear war, fired off every bio and chemical weapon, and dumped every dangerous thing we could find directly into the ocean, almost none of that ecological damage would still be recognizable in 100,000 years much less in a few million. If an asteroid that hit us so hard that it altered the tilt of the planet, several super volcanoes, and thousands of years of acid rain so acidic that it was the equivalent of vinegar pouring out of the sky... couldn't stop life on earth, then what chance do we to alter it. The oceans have been reduced to lemon juice before, the atmosphere has been torn apart, the planet Earth and our ancestors faced countless disasters, but over geological scales of hundreds of thousands and millions of years, life has ALWAYS bounced back. Humanity at this stage in it's progress simply lacks the ability to permanently destroy life on Earth. Everything we do in protecting the environment has absolutely nothing to do with protecting the future of life on Earth, and everything to do with protecting us. As far as your anti-natalism, that's your business, if you believe in species level suicide, so be it, but I think that an unobserved universe isn't not only worthless, but astoundingly boring, and we have an obligation as the smartest thing on the planet to keep ourselves alive. Parasites are a negative because parasites add nothing, human beings add quite a bit with our intelligence and observations, intelligent life is the rarest and most important thing we know of in the universe, without it it is simply meaninglessness. Only intelligent life brings meaning to the universe, only intelligent life can bring species back to life (instead of just allowing a species to evolve into a vacated niche). Technically all life is just as much a parasite as us, all life generates pollution, for example there was nothing to break down cellulose during the Carnoniferous period for millions of years, so fallen trees literally choked the surface of the planet and caused widespread ecological disruption. On geological scales there is no such thing as true "pollution", simply new elements which the ecosystem adapts to and resources that have yet to be exploited. Pollution only matters on human lifescales, because natural evolution simple doesn't work that fast as far as we know. So if you are angry that humans cause environmental destruction, none of it is permanent, and everything causes environmental disruption. It's our responsibility as the smartest species to be good shepherds and protect things because it makes things better for us in the short term. If you want humanity wiped out, then you need to support MORE pollution and more ecological disruption, because it will hurt humanity, there is a chance it could even make us extinct, but for the planet and the ecosystem thousands of years down the line? It won't even be affected.
He focuses almost entirely on high-level organized crime, Batman spends almost none of his time focusing on petty criminals or "poor people". Or did you miss the part where the criminals in "Dark Knight" literally had a small mountain of money.
The covers were almost never accurate, they were almost always a silly over the top situation that never turned out to be how it actually was in the book just to attract readers. Regardless of variations in how the character has been written, and an occasional Elseworlds story, there is always a singular core that has persisted that makes the character recognizable as the character, there is always a continuity of the character.
He was carried and put there after overdosing was my suggestion.
My Mom used to do the same kind of stuff, I always wanted her to see me as an adult, but I was always just her baby. Now that she's gone, I wish I had someone who would buy me a goofy TMNT cake, or a birthday card with a dinosaur on it. I wish I had that "annoyance". Give your Mom a hug buddy, she loves you.
Pretentious simply means, a work of art claims that it has stuff going on, but is actually empty. It's something that claims or presents itself as having meaning or something to say, but actually does not. It's not about style, or tone, or differences in how information is presented, it is merely if it actually has meaning or not. If it is devoid of true meaning at it's core, it's pretentious. If it has meaning at it's core, it isn't, even if it's a stupid meaning, or an overly complex meaning.
I can't find any information other than anecdotes of the film being successful because of drugged out teenagers. Films were broken up in release, it doing a roadshow style format was totally normal, and before the 1980's, it was pretty standard for films to stay in first run theaters and move around the country for 6 months or longer. 2001 was in no way abnormal with it's release schedule, and was the top grossing film of the year. In regards to critical division, there were a handful of famous critics who expressed some divisive opinions on it, but the overall critical consensus was very positive. The idea that critics were cleanly divided down the middle is just as unsubstantiated as drugged out hippy freaks being the primary audience that drove demand for it.
Why would anyone waste money on shutting up people on Twitter who can just be ignored? The production of a TV series can run into the millions of dollars, depending on how many episodes are ordered. A company will only spend money if they think something can make money, not just to shut up fans.
A speech isn't the same as a press conference, a press conference is when a candidate actually answers questions.
Israel faced all of their major wars without United States support. Israel did not begin getting any significant aid from the United States until the mid-60's, long after the Independence war in '48. Israel cooperated with Britain and France and got military aid and equipment from them solely for almost 20 years before the United States began offering aid in an effort to sway them away from the Soviet Union and to assist them against states that got Soviet support as part of a larger Cold War strategy. No war Israel has been involved in in the Post-US support era was definitively an existential threat, the closest was perhaps the Yom Kippur war, but Israel had already turned the war around and pushed deep into Egyptian territory before the first American support arrived in October. By the time any American aid even arrived the war was effectively already won. Regular support and cooperation did not occur until 1985, by which time Israel had taken a definitive lead militarily against the surrounding nations, and no longer faces a real threat of invasion by it's neighbors, even if the rhetoric is there. The surrounding nations have simply lost the will to continue attempting to destroy Israel militarily, it is simply too risky. Israel does not need continued US support, and is not in a particularly dire situation if it were to disappear. No one short of Jordan or Turkey currently pose any real military threat to them, and they are both US allies and have nothing to gain from an attack against a country which likewise poses no direct threat to them.
Yea, the aid is almost entirely military, we give them a check, and they promise to use the money to buy gear from us. So it's just a way to shovel off gear to them at little cost to them, and we end up getting the majority of the money back.
To be fair he wasn't in his drive-way when it happened; that'd be Medgar Evers.
He has given a dozen press conferences where he has answered questions from the media since February, if you include just speeches where he didn't take questions that answer is in the dozens.
It's on the image itself.... "When you see someone turn around in your driveway". Anacalagon said, "It's not paranoia if they are out to get you". The joke being that it isn't paranoid to react that way if someone turns around in your driveway if people are actually trying to kill you. I said, while he was assassinated, but not in his drive-way, then mentioned a famous civil rights figure who was actually assassinated in his drive-way.
Never said it was a press conference. But ignoring that not a press conference he has still done a dozen since February versus Hillary's zero. That is the issue here, not there being a crossed wire somewhere and something being called a press conference when it wasn't.
They aren't, feral ghouls have always been feral, Jinglejangle was correct though they were simply labeled as "Mindless". It isn't fully understood by the people within the canon of the game, no one fully understands why some ghouls go feral and some do not. There are plenty of intelligent ghouls in the games still, both evil and good.
It's not a hole in the budget though, it's just a military equipment exchange, they can't really the majority of money for anything other than military stuff, and the money is primarily to keep them on super-friendly terms, which means intel sharing, joint-training, and us cooperating on stuff like the directed-energy project. But once again, like I have kept saying, the stuff provided was very little, there was not wide-spread joint cooperation for a long long time. If they didn't get the equipment from us they would have gotten it from somewhere else, and none of the equipment provided was essential for victory in any of the wars. The Aircraft used to win the Six-Day War were almost entirely French, they used the Mirage as the primary jet, and the preemptive airstrikes were the core strategy to allowing them to win that war. During the Yom Kippur war, Israel had already won the war by the time the American supplies arrives in October, and the primary fighter was still the Mirage, and the Primary tank the British Centurion. The Egyptians were flying several American A-4 Skyhawks. The heavy equipment America supplies like new jets and radar equipment didn't arrive until AFTER the 2nd ceasefire though. Both wars would have still been won without American support, and while American support was a big power modifier and made winning EASIER, it was not the defining factor.
It's Tangerine + Orange, it isn't the same as Orange Lavaburst.
It's a tangerine and orange blend, it's different from the orange flavor that is widely available "Orange Lavaburst".
Pretty different, Ecto Cooler is much tangier and Tangerine tastes different from regular orange. If you don't believe me taste tangerine juice next to orange juice, or eat a tangerine and then an orange, they have different flavors. You're thinking of Shoutin' Orange Tangergreen, which is the name the flavor had after they dropped Ecto-Cooler, which then discontinued in 2007. Tangergreen (and by extension Ecto Cooler) has a different flavor from Orange Lavaburst. If you don't believe me, please find a can of Ecto Cooler and taste it next to a can or box of Orange Lavaburst, they are very different.
If I ate a half pound of cocoa powder every day I would get theobromine poisoning, that doesn't mean that a chocolate bar every few days is going to do the same thing. Far beyond therapeutic doses, combined with horrible living, the stress of being an addict, and who knows what adulterants and contaminants that come from illegitimate supplies, can't be compared to a hundredth of the dose in a pure form.
A lot goes into the look of a production like that, and any number of cameras could have been used for it, a significant portion of how it looks comes from the lighting, editing, and color grading work on the footage. So instead of trying to replicate the look of their video, you need to ask yourself what precisely am I going to shoot with it, and what do I need from a camera? So what kind of business are you in, what is your budget, and what are all the situations where you would need the camera to perform in?
I think that the Osmo is kind of a toy if you aren't doing live-event photography. If you need to cover live events that your company does, it could be helpful, but it isn't a general use camera that I would use for everyday commercial or advertising shoots for instance. The FS7 is a camera I have used multiple times, and I think it's a really great camera, the controls are great, it spits out a great image, I am really happy with it. BUT, and this is a big but, if you're wanting to shoot primarily commercial stuff for your brand, you have to think about what the planned medium is for your commercials. Are these going to appear on television, or is it web only? Think about how few 4K devices are out there right now, and ask if a 4K camera is really necessary if most of your advertising is going to be on-line, especially if it's going to be primarily through social media and targeted ads. Most people will be viewing the footage on a mobile device, so maybe resolution isn't the end-all-be-all for the camera you need. Depending on the kind of company you're running, and the kind of ad campaign you are planning, I would think long and hard about doing it myself versus hiring an outside party, and really crunch those numbers. You need to be certain that your people have experience running the kind of media you want to push out, and you need to factor in all of the costs (in both time and money) of doing this in-house versus hiring outside photography/videography/commercial people. If you're going to be doing weekly/daily updates on your brand from your offices, then it would definitely benefit you to invest in your own gear. If you're going to do something like a half-dozen things a year, it may benefit you to hire outside assistance. You might want to look at the FS5 because it may be more than sufficient for what you want to do, it can do almost 90% of the stuff the FS7 can do for about half the cost. If you want to save money, something like the Panasonic GH4, or the Nikon D750 are both GREAT video cameras that also take really good stills, and would potentially be great for both product photography and for video, and what they can put out may very well be more than adequate for what you want to do, but at the same time I also may not be, all depending on what you're imagining for your campaign.
Depending on how much stuff you have to shoot... you can get a full production package for under $500 a day, if you shoot less than 10 things a year it would be better to rent than to buy. If you buy you are locked into a platform for a few years, at a loss to yourself since digital cameras ONLY depreciate in value unless they are of historic value and rare (which a Sony FS7 is not and will never be.) So when the FS8, or the GH5, of the D950, or the C1000, etc. come out and are DRAMATICALLY better than last years model, you will have to re-up at thousands of dollars worth of loss, or fall behind technologically. If you rent, you don't have to worry about the cost of staying on the cutting edge, or of buying new equipment, you get rental insurance if an intern knocks over a camera the warranty be damned, you just spend a few hundred dollars and get what you need. So you don't have to spend the cost to stay updated, you don't have to set aside a special secure room to store your thousands of dollars worth of equipment, you don't have to front the costs if something is broken or damaged while on a shoot. So it all comes down to how much shooting are you realistically going to be doing, not how much shooting you imagine you will be doing, or how much shooting you possible could be doing, but how much will you actually be doing? If you are doing daily/weekly social media updates, it makes sense to invest in some camera/media equipment. If you only need it for a few kickstarter campaigns a year, it will be so much cheaper in the long term for you to rent. A top-of-the-line camera package is a big investment, and that big initial investment versus renting takes a LONG time to pay for itself, by the time it usually does (depending on how much shooting you're doing), the equipment is dated, that has to be taken into consideration.
I would recommend checking him out, he was a pretty brilliant author, and is well worth your time. Alexandre Dumas wrote the Count of Monte Cristo, about a century before most of Hemingway's output. The Importance Of Being Earnest was written by Oscar Wilde about 50 years before Hemingway. Hemingway wrote A Farewell to Arms, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and The Old Man and the Sea, (among others). His work was heavily influenced by his time fighting in WWI, his time as a journalist, and his time spent in nature, among other things. If his fiction doesn't interest you, his first-hand accounts of his time in WWI and WWII are super interesting, and an important historical artifact.
The CO2 reacts with the calcium and other metals in the basaltic rock and forms carbonates. Carbonates can be formed by injecting liquid CO2 into rocks containing sodium, calcium, magnesium, and a few other kinds. The oxygen doesn't separate out, it's just part of the carbonate molecule. Like how oxygen can be stored in iron oxide and not turn into a gas. There are other methods of remineralization and separation that it can go through, but the carbonate forming method has a lot of potential because of all of the kinds of rock underground it could be injected into. It could theoretically meet a lot of our storage needs to help offset and prevent additional temperature disruptions this century, especially as the technology becomes more advanced.
While they do, they absorb it quickly and give it back slowly, sometimes not for centuries or sometimes not for thousands of years, depending on where it's planted and the type of tree. Trees are, for the purpose of carbon capture to try to prevent or reduce the effects of global warming, effectively a "permanent" solution, since the timescale of them releasing it back into the environment is not a threat in a human lifespan.
Well there are lots of ways you can turn CO2 into useful stuff, like by pumping it through algae tanks and creating bioplastics and lubricants, and microcellulose, etc.
They don't want to capture all of the CO2, just reduce it enough to mitigate the effects of climate change.
There are some ideas about capturing it and pumping it into hydrates or turning it into propane. Finding more efficient processes for processing animal manure. Using oil derricks are a potential, since after an oil well is spent you could then potentially turn around and store liquidized methane hydrates there.
There are over 29,252,850,000,000,000 Liters of Calcium in the earth's outer crust. There are about 7 trillion square meters of CO2 to worry about, (as far as I can tell, since CO2 is a little under .04% of the atmospheric volume, and best I can gather is that there are a little over 17 quadrillion meters of atmosphere around the Earth.) So since a cubic meter is 1000 liters worth of volume, there should be 7 quadrillion liters of CO2 in the atmosphere. (If I did something wrong someone please chime in here). So that should be totally storable if only 25% of the Calcium is accessible. That totally ignores the magnesium, sodium, and other metals that can react and form carbonates. That combined with reducing carbon release, other carbon capture technologies, trees, plants, algae, etc... I just think there are other options to pick up the slack if we start running low on easily accessible basalt, OR if we discover that storing it this way is too risky because of some other consequence. (Like other's have mentioned acidifying aquifers).
Like I said, centuries or thousands of years from now, depending on where they are planted and the type of tree.
Yes, there is no reason to assume a long-term permanent downturn of the global economy, and for every downturn there is always some market which benefits from it.
It depends on who you're buying the stock from, buying it from a friend who bought it 20 years ago directly from the company? Yea, probably not. But sometimes, you can buy directly from the company itself, since they often buy it back over time after the IPO. Regardless, that's not the only kind of investment you can make in a company, you can also buy a company's debt by buying bonds. There are a lot of different kinds of investments, all of which contribute to the economy moving around. Money sitting still isn't really helping anyone, so money is almost always doing something if it's managed properly.
Have you seen both the Avengers and Winter Soldier? Winter Soldier reveals that Hydra is actually guiding SHIELD, and has been keeping track of all potential threats and organizing them into a list of people to kill off. In the Avengers Natasha mentions that she and all of the Avengers are on a list and being kept tabs on by SHIELD, foreshadowing the reveal of why they were being tracked and watched in Winter Soldier.
But they are saying that Fury and SHIELD was watching them and trying to use them because HYDRA was really guiding Fury and SHIELD.
That's why you put people movers and Jetson sidewalks, and segways everywhere.
Stark does all sorts of tech stuff, he has satellites (We see in Ultron), he makes computers (We see in the original Iron Man and a few times since, it has a custom OS and hardware with the Stark logo on it, probably semi-conductors and such too), industrial robots (Their skills and expertise in robotics would have tons of applications in a variety of sectors), their medical divisions and Intelli-Crops (He mentions during the journalist who tries to call him a warmonger), meaning he both makes medical tech and is involved in agriculture (and potentially genetic engineering). Also, while he moved away from direct weapons, he still makes a LOT of military hardware it seems, helping make the Helicarrier's new engines, and I imagine he would have no problem making body armor and things that protect soldier's lives even if he is no longer making munitions. Also, the Clean energy initiative he was working on in Avengers, and construction and engineering arenas (looks like the Stark Tower was his and Pepper's design).
Read examples in the thread, a few people mentioned their own stories. One person thought of his gun as going down to the range and firing off some rounds, an anti-gun person imagined it in a offensive context and that she'd go and kill a bunch of people for no reason. Also, I think that while a gun as a tool is indeed designed to kill, what the killing is for of course matters. Not all death is the same, not all killing is unjustified. Most people get a gun for self-defense, while an anti-gun person only things of the gun in regards to it's potential for crime, so self-defense (life protection), versus simply destructive crime. So when you talk about a tool, you have to think about goals. Guns are about acting as a deterrent, they are about acting defensively, they are about sports, they are about equality between a weak person and a stronger person. Guns have a lot of uses outside of "kill", and the vast majority of guns spend the most of their life utilized in target shooting and sports than in either self-defense or crime situations. So if you're going to label a tool based on what most examples of it it do the most, you have to label a gun as a sporting tool.
All technology requires certain doors to be opened to progress. The idea that "technology could have progressed so much faster if X had just gotten out of the way", isn't really supported by evidence. The idea that a industrial revolution could have happened thousands of years ago doesn't make sense, there needed to be interlocking support structures for the tech to progress, and being able to build a single example of a steam engine would not have produced a revolution. To make the metals necessary you need to develop steel, you need new tech in the mines, you need new agricultural tech to support more food to support a larger population that is more likely to produce faster scientifice advancements, etc. Everything is interwoven, and technology largely has progressed at exactly the rate that it has been possible to move it at.
The smartest people are almost always aware of the repercussions of the technology, so they generally keep some kind of tight control over it. If they are good, they are worried about their tech being used negatively, so they try to keep it in their own hands. They know that if they create free energy it will destroy millions of coal miner's jobs overnight, so they kind of have to offer up their technology in increments, because the most radical technology if introduced too quickly could upset society. The second thing is mass-production, a single example of a portal to another world, or a flying car, or a cure for cancer may have been prototyped in their lab, but perhaps they simply haven't figured a way to mass-produce it yet. Maybe their individual example of the advanced technology took them individually months or years to make, but they have yet to find a way to scale up the tech to mass-production levels. So while they can make a single flying car, they have yet to plan out the factory to make millions, nor how to make those millions affordable to people that may not even want flying cars since they are so much more complicated to pilot that regular cars. If they are a bad guy, they may selfishly want to maintain their edge on a technology so they can use it for their own purposes. If they invent a technology that allows them to liquefy concrete, they want to keep it as secret as possible so THEY can use it to rob banks. Maybe they are selfish, maybe they are simply short-sighted, or maybe they are suffering from the same issue the good-guy is, in that there is no way for them to mass-produce and market the thing they created, so the easiest thing to do is to benefit themselves individually. Then if there is some government agency, the bureaucracy can be worried about how technology can be used by terrorists or criminals, or how it will cause panic in the populace, so they try to keep it tightly controlled, or simply tag it and forget about it and it gets lost in the bureaucracy. So it is either out of benevolence to try to keep their tech from disrupting society too quickly, or because they are worried of how it'll be used or how it'll change society in the hands of less responsible people. Or they are less benevolent and more selfish, and want to utilize the technology for personal gain, or like the good guy they don't know of how to market or mass-produce their technology. Or they are more neutral, and just try to keep it contained to prevent disruptions, or it simply gets lost in bureaucracy.
Any reason why you suspect that?
Tech is often sped up by times of disorder, instability, and war. The concept of a stable unopposed nation that only cares about technology may simply not have created technology faster than a country that was backed into a corner by a war and had to develop a specific technology or else. Not to mention how many technologies are only developed because of their potential to be turned into a weapon first and foremost. A stable unopposed country, may simply stagnate in a way that a less stable country that is constantly having to deal with other countries wouldn't.
The Phantom Zone allows the people inside of it to observe the world, it would be dangerous to allow the Joker to do so. Also, it is not impossible to escape from it, and Joker has a lot of super-powered friends, and obsessed lackies, that would do anything to get him out of there.
But lying to themselves is perhaps not very common if the numbers have not changed over several decades over multiple countries with varying degrees of acceptance.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_sexual_orientation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_demographics_of_the_United_States In Australia over the last 15 years, prevalence has hovered around 2%. Canada found about 2%. Denmark found about 3%. France found about 3% in 1992, and about 3% 20 years later. Ireland found about 3%. Israel found about 4-5%. Italy between 3-7%. Netherlands between 3-4%. New Zealand between 1-3%. Norway 3-4% reported having a same-sex encounter some time in their life, 2% reported having a same-sex relationship. Sweden 4%. Britain 3-6% marked themselves as gay over various studies over the last 30 years. In the United States, it has been very consistently around 2-8% depending on the size of the study and who all is included. The numbers have been remarkably consistent over the last 30 years, over a wide range of countries with a wide range of acceptance rates. This suggests to me, that perhaps homosexuality is just going to consistently be less than 10% of the population regardless of social expectations or cultural acceptance.
I feel that it represents a huge swath of the population, with very diverse populations both religiously and racially, and are widely among the most accepting countries as far as homosexuality is concerned. Various polls have found that the western world hovers around 70-80+% acceptance rates as far as homosexuality is concerned, in Africa, the Middle East, Russia, and huge portions of asia, homosexuality has very very low acceptance rates. So if your theory is that anti-homosexual intolerance makes people more likely to become and stay closeted, then the Western world would be the best place to take polls and do studies about prevalence. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/06/05/a-revealing-map-of-the-countries-that-are-most-and-least-tolerant-of-homosexuality/ http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/the-global-divide-on-homosexuality/
But the most open and most accepting of homosexuality portion of humanity, and thus the portion most likely to provide the most accurate numbers. Also human's are largely the same, so there is no reason why percentages of homosexuality should vary widely between one country or another. If you are saying that homosexuality is underreported, than the Western world is the place is it least likely to be underreported. Also, I feel that surveys of some 1.5+ billion people (almost 800 million in Europe and almost a billion in the Americas), is more than statistically representative of some 7+ billion people. Usually surveys of just a few tens of thousands should be more the representative enough, surveys of countries representing over a billion people are even better.
In nations with an over 80% acceptance rate of homosexuality, and very permissive attitudes towards sex, there is almost no surveyed difference in rates of homosexuality when compared to more repressive countries. It is almost like homosexuality is something that naturally occurs at a standard rate in a population, and isn't something necessarily taught or informed by society. So once again, if you argue that homosexuality rises in countries where it is most permissive, the most permissive countries would have the highest numbers and thus most accurate numbers. The highest and most accurate numbers are less than 9%, with barely a few percentage differences, and no clear increase in the most permissive nations.
Hasn't the full listing of everything found been public domain for a decade? And can't you find most of it on Amazon? http://michaeljacksonallegations.com/books-magazines-and-internet-material-found-in-michael-jacksons-possession/#art
The Injustice League for starters.
"Friends" for super-villains aren't the same as a friend for a normal person.
Was Smiley's a restaurant? Where was it?
Interesting! We never had these at my school.
If your avocado has a slimy texture it is overripe. Avocados should be somewhat firm and creamy.
https://youtu.be/TAQ_8u_-zcQ It's ok, he got out by not eating and washing dishes all night.
That is probably your issue. If you ever can visit North America for a trip, I suggest trying it again, especially if you can find a restaurant that makes fresh guacamole which is a Avocado based dip that is mostly used for dipping corn chips in. Guacamole is an culinary institution in the United States, especially in the states bordering Mexico.
This was New Years, so much of the audience is staying up late.
Yea but this is a prison cell, it isn't a conference room that we need to use, it is a cell we can keep full of gas for days. I mean it can be an issue because it means they have more time to spend outside of their cell to try to probe the defenses of the room, but we can wait them out.
Stephen Strange was a celebrity surgeon, he was as famous as someone like Ben Carson, he would be a household name for people that keep abreast of the medical profession. A smart person with a lot of money and an anti-authoritarian personality is a big wildcard. It has nothing to do with powers. They also mention a TV reporter and a high school student, they obviously weren't targeting people for their powers, rather their personality.
He's Money, baby.
Why do you use the Zemeckis film as a potential source when Tolkien was long dead when it came out and making the Firedrake half-human was a postmodern addition to the story?
That isn't what Hollywood Accounting is.
Or they aren't on the Rebel council, and are sent on missions. Cassian looked like he spent all of 20 minutes briefing and arguing with the Alliance Council, it seems like most of his time was spent running around assassinating people, stealing stuff, and blowing up things. It's like, how often does James Bond get pulled into Parliament? Like they are spies, people like Luke and Leia weren't just spies, they were the face of the Rebellion.
Where are you buying food where a hunk of Gruyere or Brie, a fresh loaf of bread, and some butter costs you $20? I can get the cheese for $8, a loaf of good Sour Dough for 3-4, and like 2 bucks. $20 should net you at least a dozen grilled cheeses, and that's if you're getting the nice quality stuff, if you're getting a big block of cheddar and shredding it yourself, and willing to get cheaper bread, you can cut that way down.
I mean wasn't he assigned a team of spies and SpecOps people to go on the mission with him? Also if characters had survived during Rogue One, they could have died during the mission to get the plans for DS2 working along with the Bothan spy teams. Or, they died on another mission between the two dates. Or they were on the other side of the galaxy on a mission during the Endor raid. I mean during the St. Nazaire Raid during WWII, did the British Military and Intelligence recall EVERY important agent to go on this mission? You don't shut down your agents in Hutt territory, and in the core worlds, and double-agents, just to go on one mission. If they shut down and sent their entire intelligence infrastructure on every big important mission, they wouldn't have an intelligence infrastructure.
Well you don't need a lot for a sandwich, it melts, you need enough to fill the center 40% of the bread and it will melt evenly to fill the sandwich. I can get a loaf of bakery sourdough for half of that, there is no reason to go to Provence. There are comparable ingredients to be had for cheaper. Also they are having to pay taxes on sales, they are having to pay labor, they are having to pay for their building and truck. Making your own grilled cheese is way cheaper. Food is sold at a mark-up, food you cook yourself isn't.
Ok, i'll buy the ingredients you want. A pound of Gruyere can be obtained for 15-20$. That is 16 ounces. A pack of Benton's bacon is $8. A heirloom tomato is a dollar. A loaf of bakery sourdough is $3 from Kroger or Publix. ($6-7 if you go to Provence). So Lets say $36 dollars for the lot, but that makes you 16 sandwiches, you're spending 2.25 per sandwich, if you don't buy in bulk, aren't couponing, and are buying the name brand stuff you mentioned, you are still being upcharged $5-6 per sandwich. If you buy 4-6 ounces for $8, a loaf of bread for 3, a tomato for 1, and the pack of bacon (if you insist on the bacon), you're spending $20 for 6 sandwiches, or about $3.30 per sandwich, still a big upcharge. If you buy comparable but not necessarily the marketed as premium ingredients, get stuff on sale, and use coupons and discounts, an excise the bacon (as I wasn't even factoring it into my grocery list originally) you can easily cut that in half. There is no reason that a person should have to spend more than $2 for every grilled cheese they make themselves.
I didn't say I prefer that, I am just saying there was a lot that happened between DS1 and DS2, and anyone who survived the first mission you can't anticipate them surviving until having to work with the Bothan Spy Ring, and you can't anticipate them being sent on the 2nd mission, or being anywhere close to it. So even if one of them did survive, I am saying it wouldn't bother me if they were digitally inserted into ROTJ somewhere.
People have kept on asking me if it was real or not, I pretty much confirmed it was a real event and a real give-away, but I couldn't help him because I didn't have the same name that he signed up under the sweepstakes, and the friend of mine that did have the same name had to flake out because of stuff he had to do over the holidays.
Why don't you like Red Bicycle?
There is a divide between "Teenage Highschool Comedy", and the early-2000's gross-out comedy. Also no the trailer of Spiderman Homecoming doesn't really have any stereotypical early-2000's cliche moments that I saw.
But it's kind of passed now, it isn't a popular cutting edge format, it's pretty dead. No one is lining up to see "The Starving Games". It's in the trashbin on Netflix that people watch it ironically while really stoned.
Mel Brooks is still working, I just think he isn't pushing real hard to direct a new film, and no one is particularly interesting in pushing it since his last film "Dracula Dead and Loving It" wasn't a smash hit. He's still working though, I think it's really up to him if he wants to direct a new film.
And still working and healthy. Manoel de Oliveira was directing at least a film a year past the age of 90 and only died a few years ago at well over 100 years old. Jodorowsky is still active and directing and just a little younger than Brooks. If someone is still healthy and active, who knows, Mel Brooks could have another 5 years or he could have another 20.
As someone who used to live on the coast, I agree with what a few others have said, some of the best seafood places were owned by Vietnamese and Korean folks, it's a big community on the Delta. One of my favorite seafood and meat and three style places also sold bulgogi if you asked for it, and it was as great as their fried fish. Another joint I used to go to sold vietnamese rolls, and soup alongside your standard deli sandwiches and red beans and rice. So i'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt, and hold my critique until I try it. So far i've been really bummed with the quality of seafood up here.
Pizza Huts used to have arcades and a pizza buffet in almost every location.
Now keep in mind she can't control where the booties begin or end.
You shouldn't drink enough alcohol to be psychoactive. A few drops won't effect you.
You either pay the big upfront cost, or you have to pay to repair or replace it. It's true with sneakers, it's true with refrigerators.. but those don't put people's lives at risk to replace. What gumballs.
Well there are certain areas that are expected to have oil, so you can look into the geology of the region and look and see if it looks ideal. You can use gravity and magnet meters that look for subtle changes in gravity and magnetism that could suggest flowing oil. You could drill for core samples and test the rocks for traces of hydrocarbons. You can use a 'sniffer' which can electronically smell oil and other hydrocarbons. And then you could do a seismic survey, which you have a lot of sensors set up around the area and use a huge weight that smacks the ground, or explosives, and build a picture of what is underground based on how those waves reflect back. I imagine that doing a seismic survey at the dam may worry them since they don't know how precarious the structure is, and you would have to do them all of the time to discover new openings.
Yea but sadly your case didn't have national scrutiny and hordes of furious people who want to see justice done.
What am I supposed to do with an empty case?
Happened to me once, cop pulls me over has a gun drawn on me, calling for backup, gets to the window and see my face and let's out a big sigh of relief. A car identical to mine was used in several robberies, and me and my roommates just happened to not look like or have the physical features of the suspect caught on camera. They still stopped me two more times with almost identical response, panicked and ready for trouble. After the first time they even came back an hour later and examined my car with a fine tooth comb with flashlights.
Try out "You're Next", a survivalist vs. a team of psycho murderers.
We judge little jokes that people make by themselves by less harsh criteria than films which take hundreds of people millions of dollars and months or years of their life.
I think he meant just kid with magical giant friends in general as opposed to the Billy Crystal movie.
Which is funny because there are apparently IIRC a few things in the trailer that looked ripped from Max Landis' pitch for the Power Rangers movie.
I felt like it was very bloody. Especially the ending. Did you watch an edited version maybe?
Maybe I am just imagining it as much more bloodied than I remember. But the ending was very gorey especially.
Or maybe he had a female authority figure abuse him, and his private and public personas is how he manages it?
Yea but dogs can hear a lot better and smell a lot better too.
I have seen dogs do some really illogical and dangerous things to just try and catch a squirrel.
They don't have to, they just like to.
I don't know, I feel like there are worst things to be than making one of the most beloved films of all time and becoming a billionaire off of it. The idea is to simply not become lazy, complacent, or rushed, and to know when to accept input from someone who isn't you.
Pretty standard Lovecraftian nightmare. We learn nothing, we're punished arbitrarily, and the universe is hostile to us.
I don't know how the vaccine would destroy the cillia on incoming bacteria. The bacteria attach to the pellicle, which is a layer that protects your teeth from acid. If you destroyed the strep. mutans cillia, you would also undermine the beneficial strep. sanguins and other microbes that help slow down bad bacteria. Also what about physically cracked teeth, or tooth losses from car wrecks and accidents or assaults, or teeth not growing in straight, or polishing and stain removal, or wisdom teeth impacting, or the many other dental issues that people have that undermine dental health? So no, I don't believe there is a vaccine that would destroy the dental industry, there are perhaps vaccines which could potentially make your immune system more resilient against certain kinds of bacterial infections in your gums, but I don't think the mechanism would be by destroying the cillia on the bacteria.
https://youtu.be/BNuuiydKlI0?t=4m45s
Once you're in the door, you're at risk. You can be a deeply logical and "skeptical" person, but you will be surrounded by a group of people who will give you what you've rarely been given, unconditional love and affirmations, promises that they can fix all of the things that cause you pain or suffering, a family, friends, loved ones, truth, and your maximum potential. 99% of cults will seem totally benign and "normal" at the initial meetings and during the introduction phase, the inner layers where you need to give money, surrender control, and believe in disgusting and evil things, will be hidden at the inner layers of the organization that you will only experience later on. If you are part of a mainstream conventional religion, they will relate the cult to you in the same way that your Pastor, Priest, Rabbi, Imam, or Religious Teachers does, using conventional language, and might even claim to be compatible with "Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, etc.". It is best to not go, and not find out how tempted you are by a lot of people all being very nice to you and giving you free donuts, most people would perhaps be surprised at how disarming cults are effective at being. Most people consider themselves skeptical and logical people, most people when questioned would never join a cult, yet you will go into a meeting and find dozens or hundreds of people who were talked into joining. Most people deeply underestimate how much they would really like affirmation, and to feel trusted and safe. Cults work because both humans and society are really flawed in the very ways that cults claim they are, people DO feel isolated, lonely, fearful, and unloved. Society IS alienating and often hostile, especially for people that may not "fit in". Cults offer you ways out, and solutions to real things that are really wrong with society; only their solutions are all tricks to get your mentally enslaved to a sub-culture with even deeper flaws. Don't play with them, don't engage them, stay away.
This video has put it into perspective for a few of my friends who walked that line. If they just understood how many kids used to get killed by disease, and how many are still getting killed by preventable and vaccinatible diseases... They would understand that if the choice comes down to being a little different and being dead... Every single person with autism, or another mental disorder claimed to be from a vaccine, would take it a million times over. Who wouldn't choose being non-neurotypical versus being dead? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfdZTZQvuCo
It could be a flashback, a twin brother, or some kind of Colin Firth back-up. Or the bullet barely hit him and just skimmed on the outside of his skull, because SLJ hated killing people and had never used a gun before.
This is the model, if you want to dig it up yourself: http://www.ebay.com/itm/Pokemon-Mocchi-Mocchi-Pikachu-Plush-Stuffed-Toy-2-L-Length-80-cm-Pre-Order-22-/222336101688 It seems the extra large Mocchi Mocchi plushes might be discontinued, but still go for a few hundred bucks on EBay and some other specialty Japanese stores.
He was in A New Hope for less than 5 minutes, I would say he's in Rogue One for perhaps half that time. I wouldn't say he was "featured heavily". I would say it was more like a large cameo, and even that's pushing it.
They explain it in the behind the scenes stuff, in the script, and in the novelization, iirc.
I am less concerned about Foreign policy as long as Mattis is in office. He is a smart smart man, openly opposes Trump on big issues and isn't afraid to say it, and believes in America before himself. As long as he is there I feel confident about our foreign policy to a degree, if he is pushed out I will go back to panicking.
I don't know why you think it doesn't appeal to kids. They love cute creatures and they love cars, multi-billion dollar merchandising Empires have been built around both individually.
"You wanna mansized manicotti?"
Rachel...?
I don't know, it never seemed like the movie was taking itself overly seriously to me.
Other people who worked on the film stepped in and said that wasn't the case. They made some adjustments but many people said that there were not disastrous test-screenings, and no people who actually attended the early screenings stepped in and admitted it.
HSFrey has been pretty consistent in his posts going back to over 7 years that he was born in 1934.
It's not trade if someone gives you something, they were provided as part of the plan to keep the economy moving. Also, Germany saw savings for not having to maintain a standing army during the occupation, so it could be argued that Germany saved money by having the allies occupy the country and protect them from Soviet Influence, than if they had to raise an army themselves. The Marshall plan was not just money alone, and it's assistance in helping stabilize Europe as a whole also helped kept things running which allowed trade to flourish. It wasn't the end all be all, and it wasn't responsible alone, but it helped stabilize the situation and had a part in allowing Europe to fix itself.
Well GB16 was over $20 million more expensive, and had a much much larger marketing campaign. Also they were frustrated with the marketing approach to that film as they were not selling a lot to kids to help offset the budget. It's still to be seen what, if any, merchandising they are able to tie into "Monster Trucks".
And the occupation ended in '52, and you were out a full standing army that you had to spend billions to maintain for almost 10 years.
Maybe it was during a follow-up or something else, but I could have sworn that Gordon discovered she was bringing the desserts in off-sight. I may have just had a false memory about it.
Well there are boats that small in the Navy. Look at PT Boats and other Fast-attack Craft.
I think it depends on if you spin the cylinder once or if you go back and forth and spin it before each time. If you spin the cylinder before each round then it should be 16.6%. That is of course assuming a purely random chance, the weight of the bullet in the chamber and the design of the pistol and how you are holding it are all going to make it not perfectly random. But ignoring the non-random variables the percentage, if you only spin it once, I think, it would climb from 16.6 (1 in 6 chance) to 20 (1 in 5) to 25 (1/4) to 33.3 (1/3) to 50 (1/2) to 100%.
Gotham PD is very corrupt, and essentially controlled by organized crime. The good cops are out-numbered by the bad or weak-willed depending on which version of Batman you're reading.
For me, I chronically misjudge how bad traffic will be. I grew up never having to factor traffic into my thinking, so now living in a place with actual traffic, having to factor that in is still a bit alien to me. Just sometimes, grooming stuff that feels like it takes 5 to 10 minutes will somehow last twice as long, and it genuinely doesn't feel that way. What i've started doing is I get ready like an hour before hand, and I aim to get there 10-15 minutes early, it can still be tough because things creep up on me, and I think I need a clock in my bathroom.
My legs usually just need to be stretched out and standing up, even if I still have to hunch over makes them feel a million times better.
My man, it's a highschool football game, literally one of the least important events in anyone's life.
You can make your own by putting some garlic in a rice cooker for a couple of weeks... Or you can get like 95% of the way there by roasting some garlic low and slow, and then mashing it up with a little bit of balsamic vinegar (something on the sweeter side), and a little bit of brown sugar to cut the tartness of the vinegar. You want sweetness and umami, no garlickyness. There are also always other asian markets to try, focus on a Korean market. K&amp;S World Market almost always has it.
Maybe the boss believed in second chances and maybe believed that the guy was looking to clean up his act? Also, I feel like accidentally killing someone in a bar room brawl is a different kind of criminal than a premeditated murderer.
He didn't say it wasn't. Usually public bar brawls tend to be crimes of passion, and not a thoroughly planned murder.
If someone asks you out for a beer, you can get a soda, or a virgin mixed drink, or a seltzer water, or a O'Douls or some other non-alcoholic beer. Bars have a lot of different drink options, and if someone reaches out to you because they want to hang out, you don't have to drink an alcoholic beverage. Likewise, you could always explain, that you aren't really a bar person, so maybe you guys could hang out at a more mellow lounge, or you're tired so maybe they'd like to go to a diner, or get coffee tomorrow? So don't drink alcohol if you go out with someone, or suggest some other drinking related alternative.
Ordnung means orders or discipline. I found a definition of it as being the Order Troop, so it sounds like some kind of rules of engagement authority.
Why is trying to kill Palpatine a morally questionable action? When you have essentially a telekinetic demigod, who can read minds, control people like puppets, you can't really safely take them into custody. Palpatine is an ultimate evil, there is no redemption for him, and after he survived he immediately turned around and tried to kill every Jedi in existence. Killing Palpatine is not some "grey" morally questionable spooky decision.
The Episcopalian Church split off from the Catholic Church in 1534. There were a lot of things leading up to the split, but one of the big factors was King Henry wanted an annulment of his marriage, specifically because his current wife didn't produce him any male heirs (That's really important for royalty, to have male heirs to continue the line). The Episcopalian Church has a lot in common with the Catholic Church, but the few areas where the Episcopalian Church differs is that it allows Clergy to marry, and it allows Female clergy. But they both recognize the Saints, they both have very similar ceremonies, and very similar set-ups to their services, and they both have the hierarchy of church officials of Bishops and such. The Catholic Church doesn't really have Vergers anymore, the duties that a Verger would traditionally undertake are done by Ushers or Sextons, mostly the same thing just a different name.
I have had to dodge to many people blowing through stops that I now don't go until I am certain they are going to stop. Better to wait for a second than shoot through the stop and get t-boned.
Any cultural lore about why that is?
How long ago was this? It sounds like a quote from 'Axe Cop', which played on Fox for a while.
That's really fascinating, thank you so much for getting back to me!
It is better to help children and have strangers you will never meet again think you are a weirdo for a minute than to allow God knows what to potentially happen to them. I personally have helped every lost kid I have ever seen and never had anyone question me. I flag down an employee and let them take it from there.
The slim potential for something going wrong is outweighed by the rightness of doing the correct thing.
Add some soup stock to it to thin it out a bit, and put it on some rice, and you have something that would look a lot more palatable.
It sounds like they used it without crediting him either though.
Hitler was a racial anarchist, after everyone else was defeated, he was going to go after Asia. His only alliances were necessary alliances, after it was all through they would be up next on the chopping block.
He said that Hitler waved at him when he passed, he said he got a greeting, not a handshake.
I would suggest some of the work of Carl Hart who has argued that much of the dangers involving drugs are often poorly understood, and the plasticity and ability of the brain to repair itself is extensive.
The first recorded use of it is was some 40 years after the Underground Railroad was at it's peak, and almost a century after the Underground Railroad started. It's safe to say that the name did not come from slaves poisoning dogs.
It only came out yesterday. Literally.
Wow!
I think clarifying perhaps what you would look for in a guest, and what kind of dinner party you would want says a lot about you. Would you want to invite a author or creator or artist that you really relate to and you feel would "get" you? Would you invite your favorite comedian because you feel they would really liven up the party and be funny and charming? Would you invite your favorite scientist or philosopher to have a deep conversation involving meaning or purpose or topics that would be interesting to the other guests? Maybe a war photographer or adventurer of some kind? Maybe a celebrity you really like that you simply find attractive and charming? Maybe your favorite musician? Maybe someone who has lived a very eventful life who would be really unpredictable like Hunter S. Thompson if he was still alive? Maybe simply a distant family member you wish you could see more? What you choose, and what choice you'd lean towards suggest something about your values and what interests you.
If a manager would ban someone for getting a free mimosa maybe they had a tendency to overreact.
Ok.
And before this he did Mordecai! I think you're right!
The welathy urban areas where most the population is are relatively close together, driving from Berlin to London is 12 hours. That gets you from Texas to Tennessee in the United States.
A part of Tennessee and a part of Texas then?
Anything more powerful than Azathoth would exist outside of the bounds of this universe. It's simply not known.
I feel that even with the double hit of "Nothing But Trouble" and "BB2K", Aykroyd is still batting a way way way higher average than Feig.
I feel like NBT is a really bizarre dark comedy with a lot of really creative ideas, but the overall film is pretty bonkers. Have you ever seen Freaked? It has that same tone of gross and over the top special effects mixed with a really bizarre setting and dark comedy. I enjoy it, but I could see how it could be really off-putting and tonally chaotic for a lot of people.
Honestly they could work as a double feature. So if you enjoyed Freaked you would probably enjoy NBT.
You see him forming an ice block around his body as he floats down into the water, and it was never found.
After being thrown out of the water after being shot, he forms a new cocoon around himself.
When the electricity hits, he turns into Austin Powers thinking about time travel.
So it's worth it to lose your job to annoy a customer who did nothing to deserve being annoyed?
Yes, but have you been diagnosed with ADHD by a doctor? And what dosage were you taking of both? And what was the path of ingestion for both?
You understand that "Requiem for a Dream" didn't happen, correct?
And "Fire In The Sky" is based on a real guy who claimed to be abducted. Doesn't mean that we should be making policy decisions, passing laws, or making personal decisions based on a story with a LOT of dramatic licenses and exaggerations taken to push a point. Millions of people also use the drugs safely for decades with no real ill-effects, and their story is no less real, and far more common than the people who has mental health issues and starts taking to much and has their mental health issues spiral out of control.
Someone crushing up and snorting 12 Advil they found in a dumpster is not having the same experience as someone taking one with a glass of water, and I feel saying "Ibuprofen is ibuprofen" isn't telling the full story.
No it doesn't. But once again we are talking about people abusing it versus people not abusing it. How a person uses it under the guidance of medical professionals is not the same as someone who uses it recreationally.
I guess the social norms of what we expect from hip-hop and black people in general. He has always pulled from odd samples, and tried to be honest about who he is and talked about more emotional stuff. And Punk has for a long time meant generally non-conformist and going against the norm, no one is claiming that he is a 1970's British working class dude wearing all leather and using bathtub speed and glassing neonazis.
But outside of the norm of what was going on with hip hop at the time. This isn't a value judgement of the quality of the albums, simply a matter of them not conforming to what was expected.
Not if Buchanan has taken steps to stop them from forming.
Slavery fell apart on it's own by the 1880's in Brazil. There are a lot of arguments that the South was becoming an exporter of slave labor since using it locally was making less and less economic sense and selling them outwardly made more sense. It isn't certain and is not widely agreed upon at how long slavery would have persisted in the South if the civil war never occurred.
You don't have a large enough sample size to determine that "the cycle will continue", if we don't prevent mass deaths.
Technology and the economy in Africa will be radically different at both the 2050 and 2100 cross roads. Rich countries with good technology can afford to support billions of people. A lot of these problems will be solved with education and anti-corruption strategies, that will allow greater economic integration and growth which can outpace these challenges.
A lot of historians and economists have written about how long slavery could or would last since the at least the 1860's. Marx and Engels talked about and analyzed the coming war extensively in their letters to on another for instance. http://isreview.org/issue/80/karl-marx-and-american-civil-war Basically every economic and historic school has their own opinion about when and how slavery would end, all the way from it was dying before the war started, to it could have persisted until the 21st century. I could dig out some more analyses if you would like.
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2010/08/27/prosecutors-s-calif-horse-dealer-deceived-customers-painting-drugging-horses.html
There are actually reports of it burrito being used as a name for food in Mexico going back to 1895. The precise origin isn't known, and while certain burritos like the Mission-Style are distinctly Californian and Mexican-American, there are a lot of variations, and stuffing a tortilla is a common practice in Mexican cuisine.
A lot of groups define it as such, yes.
I would take it up with the European Union EuroVoc people. I am just saying that not everyone agrees what's Europe and what isn't, and what these parts of what is or isn't Europe are in. I am not saying what my definition would be, I'm merely saying that it isn't clear-cut, and many people do define it as such.
But you had a repressive government with total control over the Galactic equivalent of Cable news and the internet all rolled into one, censoring and hiding all evidence of them. The amount of people who directly interacted with a Jedi and actually saw them do something miraculous probably numbered in the 10's of thousands, in a galaxy of quadrillions and quadrillions of lifeforms. It's like a dozen people in New York seeing a street magician and not being able to explain it, and then the government swooping in and destroying all video evidence of the street magicians performance. Is the entire city suddenly going to take the word of a dozen people who claimed they saw somebody float? Amnesia as a plot device makes less sense in the Ghostbusters Universe, which is why I feel like it was a bit prickly in the second one. I don't feel like it would have been acceptable to simply reuse that again, a world where people generally accept the supernatural but it is simply very very rare and not useful for your average person is more believable than the continual "everyone just forgot" plotline.
Except... it failed. The style of comedy and talent chosen obviously did not resonant with audiences and failed to make it's full budget back. Regardless, the fact is that the film emerged out of a top-down executive demand for an all-female action/adventure in relation to Amy Pascal's "Glass Ceiling" concept, and did not emerge organically from a love of the lore, or desire to tell a good story.
Except it wasn't. They weren't even thinking of the genders of the Ghostbusters, and it didn't emerge from a top-down approach of a "message" picture about male-bonding and male-role models. It was just something that emerged out of a desire to tell a good story first and foremost. You could have had an All-Female cast and had it not be a gimmick, but they chose a movie with a message before having a bulletproof story that emerged from a place of love and hunger for more Ghostbusters stories.
Can you please post one of the fart jokes in the Original Films? I can't recall any off the top of my head. In my watching, the bread and butter of the original film's comedy was in very very subtle and mostly quiet and sarcastic humor. It had more in common with the delivery in a Woody Allen film. The humor in the new film felt cheaper, and not just because it had a higher proportion of vulgar jokes. Here is a comparison and contrast of the comedy style in both films that I wrote a while ago that I feel is relevent here when talking about the quality of comedy in both films; both films have a "I GOT A CAR!"-scene, and I just wanted to kind of talk about each scene and maybe dissect some things about how it's shot, and aspects of it that are bothering me and hampering my ability to enjoy much of the comedy. So in this first scene from the original film, there are... 3 cuts, they are blocked out so there is some depth to the scene, utilizing a pan down combined with a zoom to pull back and show where we are. They are structured 3-dimensionally, with Ray coming into the foreground of the shot, it feels fleshed out with people working. Everyone has a purpose to be where they are in the shot, Venkman is overseeing work on the firehouse, and bugging the sign-painter, he has a reason to be outside. The actual "I got a car, and it's funny because I paid to much for a fixer-upper" is in and out of the way in 12-14 seconds tops, the entire joke is very fast and gets to the point, and there is still time to breath and absorb everything. Also how much of the joke is based on a little widening of Venkman's eyes. It's so quiet and non-verbal while we don't even see Ray continue to talk. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CPss95p3Ck Now lets compare that to the new scene, which had the same set-up for the same kind of joke. There are 13 edits, there is no real camera movement at all, there isn't a crane down to establish everything, there is no dollying or anything to try to add some dynamics to the scene, hell even a handheld shot would feel kind of lively, they are blocked very flatly, without taking advantage of the depth of the street or the scene they are on, with the majority of the characters against a flat wall. They jump immediately from the scene with Patty saying she is an essential part of the team because she can get a car for free to this, and it just jumps to it so this is just a continuation of a previous scene where a lot of extra information is just repeated. No one has a purpose to be where they are, apparently the characters were just standing on the inside of the door-way waiting for Patty to show up? It reminds me of the scene from "Wet Hot American Summer" where after the characters finish a scene they just run over and stick their face against the wall because they aren't needed anymore. The characters just feel like they are NPC's waiting for the scene to start and end, only unlike in 'WHAS' they aren't aware of the trope and did it simply out of laziness. Then bits of the "I got a car" joke, lasts for almost the entire scene, and whenever a character makes a joke everyone just comments about what the meaning of the joke they just made is. And the "Joke" to start the scene is a pop-culture reference, and then the character wants to steal a corpse if there's one, and it has to be explained to the audience that no we can't do that. The actual scene is about 42 seconds but it feels so much longer to me. It's cut so much faster, but it feels like it goes forever, and all of the jokes are just machine gunned at us, almost like they are trying to make up for the weakness of each joke by the sheer amount of them. Not to mention that it's totally lacking in music, it's just so dead and quiet underneath the chatteriness, which only holds the scene back and lets us fully bare the weight of the weak script. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG_8oPHW2YU So many scenes feel almost identical to this, and not to mention in the film they just cut away before most scenes feel like they've reached any kind of clear conclusion, like the crew got bored with them not taking it seriously and just kind of start meandering away in the middle of the bit.
I don't care who you cast in it. If Disney suddenly announced they were remaking Star Wars, and it wasn't going to be a sequel, and none of the characters or setting of the original happened at all now.. I could see fans' getting a little peeved at the concept without seeing a scrape of what the plot was, or a frame of film.
They were aligned for a while, then they were unaligned, but still friendly and connected to international socialism and communism. They were still seen by a lot of people in the West as being "Eastern Bloc", even though they were never in Warsaw.
Ernie Hudson was far from interchangeable, and you can take that back right now. The man is damned good actor, and was fantastic in Ghostbusters. Whataboutism doesn't excuse bad storytelling. A shitty story doesn't deserve to succeed regardless of how unrepresented the people in the film are. Good stories deserve to do well, bad stories do not. Underrepresented people simply deserve good stories. Stories shouldn't emerge from top-down executive meddling for films that push a political message, they should be engineered from the bottom-up for being a well-told story. The Well-told story can have a clear message and try to change the minds of the viewing public, some of the greatest movies of all times have made us reflect upon and reassess closely held beliefs. GB16 didn't take that angle, it was a quickly put together and half-baked idea thrown together because an executive said she wanted an all-female picture. It being a Ghostbuster's film was incidental. The actresses and our collective desire to see better representation deserved better.
As was everyone else. It doesn't diminish the work they did in the film. And I didn't say that it had all male leads because of the demands of the storytelling, the gender of the leads was ultimately incidental, and the screenwriter just thought of his friends for the parts. The industry produced Aliens just two years after Ghostbusters, so the idea that the industry was in an uproar about the concept of any female leads at all is ludicrous. As for Spider-Man, Ditko had a desire to create something good first and foremost. Stan Lee was also a good executive, with a lot of ideas of his own, and a good knack for marketing to and interacting with the fans. They both appreciated good stories and what made Marvel unique, from the early emails Feig's original pitch, and Pascal's notes all seemed half-baked and rough, and the outcome clearly shows that there was not a firm idea of what they wanted, or a great script at play. There were ways to approach the film having a message, but once again it needed to be well done first, and they clearly didn't have a director, writer, or executive who were all deeply interested in their message having a good messenger.
1. I don't feel he was interchangeable with the performance he gave in the film. The animated series was a different beast and I don't feel like he didn't get it because he wasn't "the best" or anything like that. We don't know why Arsenio was picked instead and I mentioned ways it could have been other than because "Ernie Hudson is interchangable". 2. I said that Ghostbusters worked because it emerged from a desire to tell a good story. It wasn't about male bonding or male role models, and the genders of everyone involved was incidental. It wasn't good because it starred all males, it was good because they cared about telling a good story before anything else. 3. Ok fine, top-down executive meddling by creatively defunct people almost never works. I hope that is precise enough. 4. They can, but rarely is it from disconnected executives with no concept of story pushing something that a story has to do, that's how you usually get a story hammered into an unorganic and uncomfortable form instead of a story that grows towards a goal.
After my Mother died, I had a dream where I was sitting in this large checkered room, I hear a noise and it is my Mother standing there smiling, but it keeps stretching into this obscene rictus and she starts coming towards me in a jerky unnatural way and I see she is clutching some kind of machete or sword in her right hand. I am paralyzed with fear as she moves faster and faster towards me and swings it around and stabs me through my heart with this huge grin on her face. I jerk awake as it hits me and I feel a strange pain in the center of my chest and I am drenched in sweat and gasping for air. It bothers me still.
There is literally no one saying he is on drugs, especially no one in the know as far as digging three pages deep, care to point me in the right direction? He doesn't even have an arrest record as far as I know. As someone who has actually spoken to people associated with him, I don't buy for a second that he does now or ever has had substance abuse problems.
Bingo, anyone who has been to any of his live events knows he can turn it on and off. He is an actor, it's his job.
But it DID stop the shooting. Armed people can't stop shootings until they occur, they stopped it and kept it from being much worse. Armed people acting as defenders WORKED.
Gun Crime is a relatively small sub-section of overall crime. We are already solving major crime slowly but surely by improving the economy, giving poor people who might otherwise turn to crime more options, improving policing, and improving security by more civilians taking their security and defense into their own hands. All of these are small parts to a large complex problem of fixing the poverty/crime/violence feedback loop. We could do a lot more to improve access to mental health treatment, and to alleviate the taboo of it in our society. Working within the framework of the market there are a lot we could do to perhaps lower treatment prices, and improve quality, without direct subsidies. We could do a lot more on an individual level to reach out to people who might be disconnected or alienated, and remind them that they still matter, and that they are still part of a vibrant fabric of American life and should never feel alone. There are so much that individuals can do by reaching out to their friends and neighbors instead of veering away because they are uncomfortable with the suffering and confusion of an obviously frustrated person.
Citizens, plural. It's about allowing mass movements to push back against the government when democratic representation and soft-action fails. We still operate in a country where protests, and democratic action still has an effect, we can still interact with and get responses with many politicians, we can still do a lot to work within and effect the political system. Revolutionary action should be the next step if the government has collapsed into true dictatorship, or is no longer responsive within standard political action.
Why would he have any belief that Vincent would put his wife's life in danger?
The original team behind Nukabreak got pushed out of the company, the kickstarter money that was supposed to go towards the series was mismanaged, and no one got paid. The Wanderer has nothing to do with them, and it wasn't made by any of the people whose work anyone likes.
The team who is making The Wanderer misspent kickstarter money and pushed out the original creators and now it sucks.
Most of the Fallout fan community really liked a fan series called "Nukebreak", they did a kickstarter to make a bigger film, the company misspent the kickstarter funds, pushed out the original creators, and made the new film and it sucks both because everyone who worked on the old film has been pushed out and because it is poorly made.
That is IndyMogul what Zack did before Wayside and Nukabreak. Justin and Erik from IndyMogul got the channel back, and are doing it again and still friends with Zack.
The people who made Nuka-break have nothing to do with "The Wanderer", the company pushed them out and misused the kickstarter money and it sucks now.
Nuka-break is a popular Fallout fan film. The Wanderer is the shitty sequel after the company squandered their kickstarter funds and kicked out the original creators.
Here is a couple of recipes I really like, you also don't need a springform pan, you can instead put a ring of parchment paper around the edge of your baking dish to keep it from sticking to the sides. http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/bas-best-cheesecake?intcid=inline_amp http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/new-york-cheesecake-102592
Then you might just be a civil war buff.
I would say it is more connected to the overprescription of painkillers. That is pretty well documented. The CIA has no intelligence benefit from costing America billions and killing thousands of civilians. The crisis also started in the 90's and has only hit epidemic levels since 2014-15, long after the beginning of the Afghan war.
The Nazis in fact worked on plans to use poisons and biological agents to assassinate allied troops. One booby trap also employed small explosives mounted behind askew picture frames that when straightened would explode. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/world-war-two/8424754/MI5-files-Nazis-plotted-to-kill-Allied-troops-with-coffee.html https://youtu.be/TlrmVScFnQo
The entire profit from the Afghan trade is 4bn, the budget of the CIA is 14bn. There isn't a clear material benefit as a whole for the agency to engage in it. If you study past claims, making money for the CIA was never the goal, it was to shore up localized allies and to make connections to criminal networks in exchange for more valuable intelligence or other benefits. The ethical issues not withstanding, the CIA had reasons to do what they did besides just being evil. The damage to civilians has been immense and outpaces the amount of money the CIA could make even if they controlled the whole trade which they don't. How is the CIA assisting regional allies by making doctors overprescribe opiod painkillers stateside?
Unless you have many battle flags of various regiments and such, then you move back into buff territory.
Mostly, yes.
https://youtu.be/L-6VLuz75yw This gives some summary of the emails and the leaks.
I mean Vader is still a tinkerer at heart, he still works on and tweaks machines including his personal craft. He works on his sparring droids. He gets his flesh oiled and salved everyday. I feel like there are opportunities for oil to get on his armor occasionally.
Xenophobe in the sense of being paranoid of aliens, only they are aliens from space not from Mexico.
Rideshare ratings are different though, it is explained in the app when you click the stars (at least on Lyft), that 5 stars merely means no problems, 4 means minor problem but not bad enough to never want to ride with them again, 3 means serious problem do not match me with them again, and 2 or 1 means serious life endangering or safety endangering problems.
You get deactivated at below 4.7-4.3 depending on the service and market. Anything less than 4.8 is below average. 5 merely means no problems, 4 means problem but minor, 3 means never match them with me agaon, 1 and 2's usually means something serious happened and can result in support calling them to ask them what happened.
Wearing shoes inside, especially in houses with a lot of carpeting. Your average shoe is a cesspool of bacteria and dirt, and a lot of people still act like it is rude or weird for someone to ask you to take your filthy shoes off.
Flamethrowers were an established weapon by the late 7th century, The Chinese fielded proto-guns by the 10th, medieval Knights were using their own version of guns within 200 years. Whenever someone in the ancient world developed a superweapon... guess what? Everyone didn't just flop over and surrender, they developed defenses and counter-measures. Oh wow you have a rifle, guess what? Without a squad and army to maneuver with you are susceptible to siege weapons. You can only hit things you can see, medieval armies have indirect fire, all everyone had to do was flee from the maniac with the noise maker, and saturate the area with arrow fire or with siege machines. Masses of soldiers would flee into blistering arrow fire, a single man using a very effective weapon is still just a single man who can still be overwhelmed. You wouldn't be able to stop a full Calvary charge, and it would be a small cost to obtain a powerful weapon that could then be taken to a university and studied. People in the middle ages weren't stupid.
That is a pyrolytic graphite, not pure graphene. Graphene itself can't form a brittle blade without being put on a substrate.
The correct answer is we don't fully understand what the effects of using graphene as a condom would be. The Gates Foundation has been putting funds towards better contraceptives and one of the ideas was infusing a substrate with graphene so we could use a thinner material that could be made tougher by putting graphene in it. Graphene by itself would perhaps be a very poor substance, as it is nearly invisible, and hard for a person to use without something to manipulate it, or without being put on a substrate, as it is only an atom thick.
The condom in the picture has hexagonal patterns in it to seemingly increase it's strength. Someone said why would a condom want to be inspired by a material that no one wants in their vagina. Other people mused about why graphene would be bad for condoms.
Maybe a racoon with mange?
It did put it on the backburner for a few years. Now no one really cares anymore, especially since he seems to be a pretty nice guy, and he wasn't hurting anyone.
Yea but a dozen people saying you raped them is significantly worse than an Ex-wife saying you got into a fight 40 years ago during a bitter divorce.
The general consensus seems to be that it is real in the comments. Someone showed up who said they went to the same school and has photos of all of the kids. They look like fabric shears which have a sharp tip, not safety scissors.
A baby is an innocent, it doesn't deserve to be punished. While the Bible has the death penalty for all sorts of crimes. Babies aren't culpable for crimes, adults are. Also many Christian sects are both against abortion and the death penalty, like Seventh-Day Adventists.
The degree to which original sin is relevant, and how culpable infants are is a matter of significant contention among different sects of Christianity. Original Sin is passed down, it isn't up to men to punish other men for it. Abortion isn't an acceptable punishment for original sin as original sin isn't something the child did, it is something it inherited, if you even believe in it. Which is why baptism is so important for sects that believe in it such as Catholicism.
The original script is different. They were purchasing the IP, not just the script.
Wait, why did Lexi Alexander delete her account?
I wouldn't say he was a Sovereign citizen type, he was a Neo-Nazi shithead first and foremost.
I mean what was your estimate? Was it a guess how many jelly beans are in this jar type deal or what? Was there prize money on the line?
Did you go back and try it again and qualify?
Good luck! You can do it! If you're in Tenneessee I would happily volunteer to be your running partner.
That doesn't sound too bad. It did make for the best episode of Black Mirror.
I need to improve my focus, a lot of my issues have to do with unmedicated ADHD, being able to focus on myself and my mental health and the financial cost of that would I feel go a lot towards helping me get a lot of my life in order.
Exactly. A critic you trust isn't necessarily one you agree with all of the time, but you can trust them enough to consider and appreciate their opinion even when it diverges.
There is actually some evidence that the big projects that drove a lot of traffic to the site actually improved the visibility of a lot of other projects on the site since a lot of visitors either never had visited Kickstarter before, or hadn't spent a lot of time there. A lot of the people who donated actually explored the site and donated to other projects.
Redneck for me has always just meant working class southerner to me. It has never had a negative connotation to me when used internally, but has been used by people who look down on Blue Collar people. All of the things you listed aren't things that working class people necessarily do or are responsible for. Or rather redneck is just a sign of being poor, the other things you listed are character and moral flaws that poor people might have, but aren't intrinsic to being poor and southern.
Maybe someone didn't realize you had a burner out and the gas leak affected you?
Wait, why is everyone hating on Waffle House?
Bruce Coville's My Teacher is an Alien series?
Gaga doesn't really pull from Bjork's style at all though, their musical approaches are very different. If you mean presentation wise... not really. Lady Gaga has always presented herself as an odd but generally mainstream popstar, she owes more to David Bowie, Madonna, Cher, and Michael Jackson than to Bjork. People that owe more influence to Bjork are people like Fever Ray, and Kimbra who are directly doing more experimental electropop.
Maybe it was just a joke? I mean that seems like a pretty minor thing to get so aggressive over.
Video evidence. https://youtu.be/OfhhWA9GF0M
He always seems really nice in interviews. He also seems like such a nice guy when he recounts his Michael Jordan encounter. It makes it so much worse that Jordan was so nasty to him. https://youtu.be/y4ZQERHL6ow
For a lot of that it doesn't bother me much, since I can see the utility of publically doing some of this stuff. Especially if other celebrities see how much good press it can buy them and follow suit. Manipulating rich people to be charitable for selfish reasons is still really good for charities.
I don't think people are downvoting you because they don't believe you. I think people are downvoting you because you seem to be mad about her making what sounds like a joke. The entire article is full of her making sarcastic and half-serious comments.
Exactly. Not only is her name a direct reference, but she has repeatedly stated how important Glam Rock and 80's Pop is to her style and aesthetic.
Except when riders expect you to take the lead, and flag you for being unsociable when you let them ride in peace. I once asked someone how they were doing, they gave me a curt and unsociable "Fine.", and looked down at their phone texting. About 15 minutes into the ride, they turn to me and say "Why are you so weird? If you aren't going to talk to people you need to find a new job." After the ride was over my star rating took a hit and I had a flag for friendliness and comment for "too quiet, weird." So clearly you can't just read that sign for everyone. There are a lot of riders who expect you to take the social lead and entertain them.
http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/late-night-japanese-noodles People will put Japanese Mayo on Yakisoba or Ramen.
It is useful for learning how to hold it and shoot while wearing cans. No one is saying it is a perfect copy. Especially if you are just starting your kid out learning how to hold it.
I mean people who follow Lady Gaga's social media accounts, where you would have seen this video, do. I don't know how the person commenting follows her and doesn't know.
Could you describe how she looked at you? Was it angry?
Grade D meat doesn't exist. It is a strict pass or fail system. The military does not feed people trash meat. https://www.snopes.com/food/prepare/badmeat.asp
No, he is repeating an urban legend, grade D meat doesn't exist. https://www.snopes.com/food/prepare/badmeat.asp
Well OP didn't say that he wasn't nuts.
He was never in MK Ultra, the psychology experiment that he went through was rather minor and not part of the central MK Ultra experiment. He had to defend a belief against some people who argued against it. Hundreds of thousands of people get called horrible names everyday for expressing their own deeply held beliefs everyday and don't mentally collapse. Ted didn't go off the deep-end and just become a nutter, he developed an extremist political philosophy over a lifetime. We need to stop pretending like he was just a wacko who was 'created' by the CIA.
It's not like school aged kids have a lot of STD's.
Could it be your Mom blocked his number and he just assumed she kept changing it without telling him?
Maybe there was someone in school that really didn't like you guys, knew about your plans, was jealous, and did that to try to ruin your night?
Nick Robinson who used to do videos with the McElroy's basically lost his job and all of his friends at Polygon cut contact with him, and every post he makes on Twitter has someone asking him to stop posting or telling him they hope he is suffering from guilt. Because (as far as what came out), he awkwardly flirted with some women on Twitter.
Entirely dependent on who is being asked and how.
Also true.
Yea it is, but that's just a part of why advances by women can be seen as "cute", but advances by men can be seen as "creepy". A little old woman is of no significant physical threat to pretty much anyone, except in rare circumstances, so it's easier to dismiss her advances and compliments as just something cute and innocent. Of course there are additional dynamics at play, but we can't ignore that a little old woman doesn't have the same physical capabilities of an average dude.
Robert Towne wrote "Chinatown", not Polanski.
Medieval Doctors were not treated as witches for people dying on their watch. There were Universities dedicated to medicine and surgery, and Medical treaties were often read and studied extensively. People like Guy De Chauliac wrote medical textbooks, embalmed important people, and worked in the same circles as many noble and important people. Doctors were a thing and Medieval people weren't stupid.
What do you do once your supplies run out? And there were major medical universities, someone with a knowledge of new medical treatments would have been someone who was seen as useful, not a witch.
I enjoyed it, I wouldn't say it's high-art, but it was a fun "popcorn" book. I enjoyed it a heck of a lot more than most other "Best-Seller" types, it's way better than any kind of James Patterson novel, with a lot of nostalgic references to stuff that people enjoyed in the 80's. It was fun, I think it's just so popular that now there is backlash. His follow-up "Armada" is the book that should get the hate, it felt truly rushed, I think he had an outline for that novel, and his publisher must have pushed him to get something out of the gate ASAP. I would give RPO a solid 7/10, and Armada maybe a 4/10. They were pretty normal YA level writing. I do like the author, he seems like a genuinely nice guy who is really passionate about the subcultures he writes about, and there are good things in his books, just sections and elements can feel rushed.
Would you be willing to share it through PM?
Gordan was worried about the concept of escalation, but it wasn't necessarily reality. They destroyed crime in Gotham, it wasn't until a group of international criminals targeted Gotham that Batman had to come back. The Nolan trilogy really doesn't hold up to Batman creating the escalation, Batman didn't create the league of shadows, and he wasn't responsible for them targeting Gotham. It could be argued that he inspired The Joker to target Gotham because he was attracted to the theatrics of the Batman, but I feel that someone like the Joker was always going to be a danger, and the entire situation led to every significant criminal organization in Gotham being nearly entirely crippled. The Wayne Foundation and Enterprises funds Gotham, they give people jobs, they cover damage by super-criminals through their construction and insurance divisions, they give the city loans, and they also help fund the prisons, mental health facilities, and education. Wayne works really hard as an individual to fix the issues in Gotham, but Super-Criminals often come from outside of the city, this is a world of super-scientists, meta-humans, and sorcerers, awesome schools can only do so much to provide a social buffer.
Because that would be him operating above the law. Batman believes in the system, he just sees that it doesn't always work as intended. Him starting to lock people in his basement would be a sign that the Police and Authorities could no longer cooperate or trust Batman.
In English it is slang to add 'ass' after the word strong (Or synonyms) to mean 'very'. So if you were given a very strong mixed drink with a lot of alcohol in it saying "This is a strong ass drink" would be the same as saying "This is a very strong drink". So almost any situation where you could 'very' as an adverb you could erase very and put 'ass' after it to mean the same. You could also use it in other situations for related words, like saying, "This is a loud ass concert!", or "This is some hot ass food!", once again replacing "very". You can also use "damn" and "fucking" in a similar way like "This concert is damn loud", or "That food is damn hot, or "This is a loud fucking concert", or "This food is fucking hot". So the structure of the sentence and how it's used is similar, but they are all fairly interchangeable in their function as a replacement for 'very'.
How long had they been dead when they were found?
Have you ever seen the symbol anywhere else? Could you draw it if you needed to?
Do you work in counseling or therapy?
Sorry I missed if you mentioned her gender. I was just curious if you knew if she was still alive when you started getting the impulse.
No it came out in 2015 as far as everything I can find. There is no mention of the short before then.
You claim to have seen it, but it genuinely sounds like you haven't if you are think there is anything the same except a cleaning lady meets a blue creature.
Del Toro has other witnesses to the meeting that inspired Shape of Water, also the writer has been working on a parallel novel for years. There is clear evidence that The Shape Of Water predates 2015.
Del Toro said 2011 already.
As I said, the writer of shape of water has been working on his parallel novel for years. It takes time to write a script, time to get preproduction in order. They prepared the film all throughout 2016 for shooting in that year. It took months of work to build sets and prep props and effects. Then most of 2017 to edit and do post work. Del Toro has clearly mapped out where it originated from and other people know of and mentioned the meeting. If what you are suggesting is true. Del Toro saw this film at a festival, no one noticed him, and he immediately went home and wrote a full script and got a film into production, while getting the person he credited as the writer to fabricate a meeting from 2011? Why would Del Toro give credit to the random guy instead of just keeping it all? If we are going to claim he is lying and fabricated the meeting in 2011 then why share credit? And is a year enough time for him to also get all of his friends to lie and claim that he had been working on it for years as well?
If it's a copy then they copied from Del Toro. As has been said before the original concept came about in 2011, and Del Toro is also on record pitching a Abe Sapian stand-alone film and a Monster-protagonist version of CFTBL from many years ago. The idea of making a Gillman centered film, and of fish men, and nature gods, has been on his mind for a long time. If they are going to claim theft, then they were clearly the ones that stole it since he had the ideas before them, and that's on record with witnesses. There is absolutely no evidence that Danial or Del Toro became aware of the short until recently. Which is totally believable as it barely had any views on YouTube, and played at a handful of random festivals, none of which Del Toro or Danial are on record having attended. Also, if they liked the idea enough to steal it, why not just not fabricate it going back to 2011, and instead just buy the rights? Like if what you are claiming is true then they are totally aware they would be a accused of theft, why not buy the rights or why not make theirs much much different? Eliza could have been a low-level nurse to the Doctor, or a secretary, or a mail room clerk, and served the same purpose in the story with few changes. Why keep her as a custodian if they stole it? I propose simply that it is a big coincidence and that beyond a few surface level details, they are very very different films. And of the two, Shape of Water is the one with the fully fleshed out world, and the short feels rushed without a lot of detail, or explanation for why she betrays her employer and releases the creature. If feels thin and rushed.
Except for the details to be that close on purpose would show incompetence. I am saying that they are so close that it shows it's clearly a coincidence, since if it was on purpose, they would have changed more details.
Except the writer pitched the idea in 2011, several years before they even started shooting on the short. If we accept that it was indeed Daniel Kraus who pitched the idea, then why would both he and Del Toro invent the pitch date of 2011? The "SciFi Film Festival" in Australia is a relatively small festival, last year it played a dozen films, with around a third of them being classic Sci-Fi films from the last 30-40 years. It had a dozen total films listed on it's event schedule, and is in a single theater, over 4 nights. In contrast an event like Sundance has 110+ films, is in nearly a dozen theaters, and goes on for 10 days. This was a relatively small festival in contrast to something like Cannes or Sundance or another big festival with big filmmakers like Del Toro in attendance. Kraus on the otherhand lives in Michigan, and doesn't live anywhere close to anyplace that the short played in any festival. In summary all of the festivals are too small for Del Toro to have been in attendance without notice, and all of them are too small and too far away for Kraus to have easily attended. I work in the industry, I have seen how many wackjobs come out of the wood work everytime a movie comes out screeching that they had their idea stolen. That isn't how big movies work, if an idea is good enough to steal, it's good enough to buy the rights to. There is no benefit to stealing, and if someone was going to steal they would definitely not be so stupid to not change any of the similar elements. It would have taken nothing to change her to a mail room clerk, or a nurse, or a secretary, and avoided comparisons at all. When similarities like this happen, it's usually because of simple coincidence. It's not a reach that two people would come up with the idea of a custodian of a secret base discovering a creature, that isn't a leap.
Listen, if someone is going to steal something, they are going to cover their tracks. If Del Toro stole the idea he would have changed her job, and made aspects of the story more different to avoid comparison. Willful theft would mean he would be aware that a comparison would be made and he would try to cover that up. A few aspects having a few similarities is just a coincidence.
Thanks for writing that all up.
It was a big scandal when it first happened, then the police investigated it and found nothing happened, and everyone went about their ways. He may not have been there the day they claimed it happened, he was almost never left alone with the kids, there was no train set in the attic, and in fact there is no real ground in the attic at all, Moses said that it was all insulation. When interviewed Dylan kept changing her story, and reportedly asked and I am paraphrasing, "This is a game right?" Her still remembering it is totally meaningless since implanted memories are a real documented thing, and if you tell a kid enough times that something happened, eventually they believe it, and they turn it into a real memory. Also her Brother Moses who was 14 at the time said that Mia coached Dylan, and made the whole thing up, and that Mia was actually the abusive parent, not Woody. The accusations held absolutely no water, and people are now bringing them back up, but leaving out that they were investigated at the time, and found to be total fabrications, but talking about implanted memories and agreeing to not believe them seems cruel when there is a person who truly believes them sitting around.
Have you ever seen Love Exposure?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Satanic_ritual_abuse https://www.thecut.com/2016/11/remembering-childhood-trauma-and-abuse-that-never-happened.html https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_memory_syndrome
Which isn't surprising since he was portrayed as a disinterested and self-absorbed parent, and the court often sides with Mother's by default because of cultural prejudices.
Yup!
Also she is an adult now and can speak for herself. If Soon-Yi felt like she was groomed she could have realized as much by now and could have destroyed Woody and not just taken him to school in a divorce proceeding, but also have him thrown in jail. She doesn't need Woody to keep her comfortable, if he was really a creep with her, she could destroy him and take everything, so anyone claiming she has some material reasons to stay quiet don't have anything to stand on.
If we take all the notes as serious opinions of a serious man, instead of the private humorous jots of a comedian. Then where are the notes about wanting to molest children? Chasing after barely legal girls isn't the same as molesting a toddler. It isn't just not in the ballpark, those are different sports.
Mia Farrow is reportedly worth about $60 million, and Woody Allen is reportedly worth $80 million. I wouldn't say there is significant lifestyle differences between the two.
He didn't cheat, they weren't together at the time, and he barely knew her until she was an adult.
There is evidence that says he is indeed not guilty. He was investigated, he was found not guilty, and his Son has said Mia was abusive and coached the claim. We ultimately can't know absolute truth unless Farrow comes out and admits it, or Allen confesses. But how well we can know the truth and who has more a more substantial blanket of evidence is largely up to each individual to determine on their own. But it is far more complicated than clear guilt. https://www.thedailybeast.com/the-woody-allen-allegations-not-so-fast http://people.com/movies/woody-allens-adopted-son-claims-mia-farrow-brainwashed-him-and-was-physically-abusive-report/
Or Phantom of the Paradise.
Moses wasn't brought out at the time. I feel him and the Nanny both admitting that Mia was coaching them and making them make the claims is significant.
And they were reprimanded for doing so. If they had enough evidence they could have done it without Dylan. But all they may have had was the claims of a toddler who according to her Brother was being coached by her abusive mother to lie.
They promised him a raise because he was doing the work of almost two standard employees. They reneged on the promise. He went back to doing to baseline of what is asked for him. The employers set a baseline, if they don't want to pay more for employees that are doing way above the baseline they don't have to, but the employees also don't have to try to outperform that baseline. Employee loyalty is entirely based on how well they are compensated, or if they are invested in the stake of the company through benefits or stocks. If you want outstanding performance be willing to pay extra for high performers. A A good manager understands that outliers either in talent or experience make the company more money and thus need to be held onto. More compensation does that.
And was released a month after BTTF.
https://youtu.be/sVjwlJOI7Kk
Or maybe someone can be morally reprehensible in some ways, but that doesn't make someone totally evil. Most people are on a grey spectrum.
It is being fixed but it can't be fixed quickly. It is not a problem with the water source, it is clean water, the problem is with pipes in individual houses. Thousands of people have already had their pipes replaced, but it will take another year and a half to two years to finish the replacement. It is happening as fast as possible, people aren't sitting on their hands and doing nothing.
There are over 40,000 households in Flint as far as I can find, Median value of homes on the market is around $55,000. Homes for sale skew towards the low-end, so we should round up and say the average you will have to spend to get the majority of people to take the money would be at least $100,000. So at least 4 billion to buy out the majority of homes. Also many would simply not take the money and not leave and you would have to offer them much more before they would consider it, and there are Apartment owners you would have to buy out for significantly more than a single home. I feel the potential buyout cost would only go up with more info, but at this stage it would cost 1/12 of this initial crunch to replace the pipes in the city. It is a better idea to replace the pipes.
That number represents approximately 4.25% of the households you would need to buy out and relocate.
They have been replacing pipes for years. They haven't been sitting around doing nothing.
It isn't that easy. Their friends and family may be there, their jobs and schools and churches are there, they need to find a place to move, they need to find a buyer for their house which will be at a artificially low rate since no one wants to move there. It isn't just that simple.
Those are the ones on the market. The ones people don't want to get rid of aren't on the market. That is the baseline cost of a median house on the market, that isn't what it will cost to get people to move. Also that is still 2 billion, at least, so still a little over 6x the cost of replacing the pipes.
They have brought in crews from other parts of Michigan according to articles I have read.
A lot of Calvary units wore decorative plumage on the top of their helmets especially during the Napoleonic era. The Pickelhaube was a descendant of these designs and in many helmets the spike was removable and could be replaced with a mount for decorative plumage. The plate on the front represented what your units origin was.
On the other hand, the ability for us to build weapons like this has had a hand in making sure we haven't fought WW3.
I just told you Oswald Spengler. You don't think genocide on the megascale and trying to conquer the world was objectively evil? I am sorry if you have been misled somewhere along the way, but there is not and never was any moral equivalency between the Axis and the Allies. We study exactly why the Axis did the things they did, sorry if you got only subpar historical classes where they didn't cover that.
He influenced German thinking significantly, and was a major historian cited by the Nazis. Oswald was cited in our history of fascism primer, we also went through the Fascist manifesto and learned about turn of the century fascism and the thinkers involved. My High School's history department had some great teachers in it, so perhaps my experience is unique, but we studied that thinking that lead to the Axis. And because you suggested I was an idiot because I believed the Axis to be objectively wrong. That's not a fringe perspective, the mainstream Historical perspective sees the Axis as being clearly in the wrong. Historians study the reasonings that Axis historians and philosophers developed to explain their motivations, any 20th century history department in and University is going to have that perspective. It just isn't deeply useful because they were in the wrong, in authoritarian societies where dissent and unbiased perspectives were suppressed to a degree that they weren't in Allied countries.
Why be influenced by someone who is wrong? It is like asking name me one Lemarckian Theorist who influenced modern evolutionary biology. You don't get to influence things if you're wrong. Modern historians understand precisely what their thoughts were, it isn't ignored, it's just recognized as being wrong.
Any historians operating from the Axis side are tainted with the failed philosophies of that side.
I have been offered to be seated in a partially dull tablwle a few times in the US, always at family owned places, never at chains. I usually refuse as to not impose or crowd a stranger. There are family seating restaurants that sit people at a big shared table, that isn't unknown, but not standard in my experience.
That is so much funnier to me.
I don't know if I can really pick a single song off of it, so I will nominate the entire album of Zero Kama's "The Secret Eye of L.A.Y.L.A.H.". The entire album was recorded using human remains as instruments, and it is all occult inspired, and incredibly creepy. Just listening to the first few seconds of it starts my skin crawling. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCI8CVcJJ2M
It is considered a huge evil by a lot of people today. We don't universally teach it is truly good, and it is portrayed at best as a complicated and painful decision to end a war that had few positive outcomes. We live in a free society, Historians aren't put on a firing line for talking about Allied missteps or crimes during the war. The Axis countries were not free countries and people who disagreed with the party line could end up in slave labor camps being worked to death. I promise you there are far more people in the West who rant on and on about moral equivalency, and Allied war crimes, then there would be people defending Allied actions in a hypothetical Axis victory planet.
The VFX supervisor of Pacific Rim showed up and and said that Del Toro has been talking about the film since at least 2013. https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/7s7icr/guillermo_del_toro_didnt_plagiarize_a_short_film/dt2w45x
Do you have another theory?
Wider image latitude and dynamic range, that's one of the reasons why shifting to 10-bit displays and improved color spaces and wider contrast ratios in the next display standards is important. That means that you can expose for a darker skin person without clipping highlights in a lighter skinned person.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3l4XLZ59iw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB7upq8nzIU It is currently being Betatested.
I have seen some separatist radical feminists expound similar ideas, they are a slim minority but there are a handful of legit extremist lesbian separatists that believe stuff like this. But also the people that believe stuff like this are a minority even in radical feminist movement in my experience. Out of the hundreds of people I have known in my life that would consider themselves feminists, I have known maybe two or three people to expound even similar beliefs, and they were definitely mentally unwell people. Which seems to be a common thread for people like that, they are usually fringe fanatics like Valerie Solanas, not leaders of mainstream organizations.
I don't know, I got told I was being a typical man and trying to distract away from social progress by making a #Metoo post about being molested. People that call themselves feminists that legitimately could care less about men being raped exist.
Thank you, that means a lot.
Overlord NOT the Pikmin Meets Dungeon Keeper game, but the early 90's DOS game where you operate a star empire. It was a few years before Masters of Orion really perfected Star Empire games, and I just loved it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY23TSAvkQg Street Rod was one of the games me and my older brother bonded over, it was a fairly amazing game for 1989, where you customized 1950's Hot Rods and moved yourself up the ranks of the local racing game and beat other rock 'n roll punks for pink slips. It was great. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALxta1vF2ik Return of the Dinosaurs from 1988 was an obsession of mine for a portion of my childhood, I played it nearly every day because I would drink up absolutely anything about Dinosaurs I could find. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el95iD176S0
That's a bit of set etiquette you learn pretty soon on, just act like they are a regular person. You never know who will see you acting like a fan as unprofessional.
Basically it's an unspoken rule to squelch fan shit. If you're fawning over them, next you could be bugging them for autographs, or just crossing some professional lines. Work on enough sets and you learn pretty quick to just become totally numb to celebrities, you treat them with the same professionalism and politeness that you would anyone else, but otherwise just keep it on the downlow if you really like their movies. That's something you're expected to learn day one, everyone there loves movies of course, just don't bug people about their past work, it can come off as really unprofessional, and as other's have said if we have to explain one of the most basic rules of set etiquette, what else will we have to explain?
It kind of is, people that are too "fan-ish" can get creepy and uncomfortable quick. You learn day one that you're supposed to have blinders on about that stuff, you're there to work not to quote Die Hard at the talent.
She was bed-ridden for nearly 13 years. He was deeply broken up that she discovered it, and thought about killing himself over it. She didn't get cancer and he immediately started cheating on her 6 months later, she was unable to leave the house, and needed to be taken care of almost constantly for over a decade. That could push a lot of people into desperation that they regret going to.
Different photostocks become common in different decades, and lenses and the coatings are also all different. So the most common lenses have specific qualities in how they transmit color through the lens, and their focus and sharpness. That is why a lot of people when they want to get a "classic" look in a film or photo will use lenses from the decade they are trying to emulate visual qualities of. As far as film stocks are concerned, photographers will often have a gold standard film stock that becomes very popular because of it's qualities, new stocks with different speeds, and different dyes used in them (so the colors look different and have different qualities) are introduced and become popular, and can come to define the "look" of not just different photographers, but of different decades. Also stocks age differently, for many film stocks magenta is the hardiest color and the last to fade, so many photographs will have a pink/purple tinge to the photograph. A lot of this color fading and color shifts we have come to interpret as "vintage", and we often associate it with the decade. TL;DR - Different film stocks and lenses become popular in different decades, so photographs from a specific decade will often have a specific "look" that we commonly see with other photos from the era.
I love streaming, it's so great having so many movies at your fingertips, and a lot of films are getting funded now that maybe would have had a hard time before Netflix and Amazon came around to shake things up. But... nothing has the user experience of walking around a video store with a friend after school. Buy a soda and just walk around the store talking about this weird Japanese action movie you found, and how your day was. I mean Red Box is better, you can scan through stuff and talk about stuff together, but the tactile experience of actually picking up a box, and looking at the art, and reading the back. It's just hard to meet. I wish video stores would make a come-back, especially because it's nice to have a centralized place to just get ALL of the new releases, instead of having to have 3 different subscriptions, and STILL not being able to find some films that have come out on DVD.
So the police staying uninvolved and gangs of drunks cracking people's heads open for looking at them to wrong way is a better outcome?
What shows have you been working on? I have worked on a few of those shows, maybe our paths have crossed.
Why are you trying to get around it being taxed? Just cash it in and pay the taxes, you don't want the IRS on your ass.
For a second I thought that "Making Breadsticks" was a new euphemism for making very little like "Making Peanuts". I actually like how that sounds more than making peanuts.
Something like 99% of schools aren't like that. Schools are like that in high-crime urban areas with heavy gang activity, and not even all of them are like that, just some of them.
People who are dealing with intense emotional instances can often go "flat" to process it. Often it's overwhelming to deal with it so you kind of go numb in a lot of ways to keep yourself from processing it all at once.
But Flight of the Osiris lead directly into the 2nd film, because it opened with the message that they delivered in Osiris that the agent's weren't able to prevent her from doing.
Well at the valley of a collapse is the IDEAL time to buy, but buying after a collapse is still a good idea for a long term purchase, as long as it's below a stable price.
A first house is just a synonym for a starter home, as in the first home you're going to purchase after leaving college or apartment living behind. I don't think they mean it as they are going to buy multiple houses all at once.
That takes having a lot of starter money to make the investments in the first place.
You crack your toes like you crack your knuckles.
Some new age and spiritualist people believe that certain areas have a weaker boundary between the material world and the spirit world, and past memories or events or spirits can leak through. People that believe it say these areas can be caused by some traumatic event happening there, or because it is on hallowed ground, or because of its proximity to some kind of spiritually significant place.
Did it come and go suddenly or just persist for a while? Did your Mom see it too?
I agree with Yo-Yo, last time we saw her was she was running to fight the Kree. Kasius immediately knew her and was surprised she was there, but didn't show any recognition of Mack, or Fitz, or Simmons. Also we saw a scene in the promo with Yo-Yo looking pale like Tess and screaming with a gun pointed to her head or something. (Trying to remember it) He has a resurrected Yo-Yo, and is going to use her to try to manipulate the rest of the crew.
Just try to stay aware that people other than you have very different experiences, and don't dismiss everything immediately.
Or that it was captured by SHIELD or STRIKE.
That's not official. They are on different schedules, so it's hard for them to get them on the same schedule constantly, and have them perfectly tied together.
Why do you say they don't like it? I've only ever heard positive things about the show from Marvel people, and they have fought tooth and nail to keep it from getting cancelled by ABC. I think SOMEONE clearly likes it. Whedon is a big fan, since it's in big part his baby.
"A Deeper Understanding" isn't a pop album to me at all, why would you consider it that?
Soft rock is still rock. The War on Drugs is an indie rock/americana band, in line with some stuff from bands like Arcade Fire and Grizzly Bear and Mac Demarco. I wouldn't consider any of those bands traditional pop bands. Rock music doesn't have to be hard and heavy, there is more to the music than sonic harshness.
No, she was mugged.
The only clothing worth being mended are tailored or fitted affairs. I wouldn't waste my time mending my fruit of the loom, the mend won't last on something I use all the time.
The organ that pultrudes the silk is actually called the spinneret. The silk is generated by the act of pulling as the silk forms from liquid precursors in the abdomen, so the spider isn't having to stress at all to release the silk, it just slides out. The Spider's anus is usually near the spinneret, but they are different organs with parallel systems.
Just to piggyback on the top comment, this isn't putting any pressure or stress on the spider. The silk is generated thanks to the pulling action automatically from liquid precursors. This pulling action is exactly how a spider produces silk in the wild, the spider doesn't have to push anything out or squeeze anything, and it isn't on an already solid spool in the spider.
Bingo. It either pulls using it's arms or uses it's body weight and gravity. There is no stress, it isn't like pooping, it's less energetic than spitting. The gland is constantly producing new liquid precursors, so the only limit is how well fed and hydrated the spider is. With proper nutrition a spider can produce an amazing amount of silk in one go. Mucus is actually a decent analogy, since you don't think about or stress to produce it, it is just produced continuously by your body.
It doesn't under normal circumstances, the spider continuously produces more liquid precursors to produce additional silk. The average silk collecting session, depending on species, collects 50-80 meters of silk. After that the spider's need to be fed and watered to be able to make sure they can keep generating more precursor. As long as a spider is fed properly it will keep producing silk throughout it's lifespan. Asking when it runs out, is like asking when does a human stop producing saliva, and the answer to that would be when it's health or nutrition is compromised, or when they die. Same answer for the spider. Lifespans of spiders vary, for a few months for a house spider, to 20+ years for the largest tarantulas. The Golden Orb Weaver being collected here can live about a year.
Spiders don't actually produce only one type of silk, there are multiples kinds of silk that a spider can produce depends on it's needs and it's species. These include silks with high tensile strength for supports for it's web, glue globs to connect and bind segments of web, and lines that transmit vibration very efficiently for prey detection.
Correct. Spiders cannot feel stress in an abstract way that humans can. No harm is happening to the spider, sick or injured spiders cannot effectively produce silk.
There is a lot of research utilizing it in fine medical instruments that need to be very small, and very light. Also research in using it for bandages, as it is sticky, can provide a framework for clotting, and is much stronger than the nylon or cotton used in many bandages. It's weight and strength properties makes it ideal for use in many applications in clothing, sporting and military pads and armor, and eventually as a replacement for some structural materials, since it offers superior performance to many metals and synthetic fibers in some applications. Also I am just an amateur, I am merely interested on spiders and spider silk, and not related to what I do professionally. I am sure there are entomologist, biologists, and material scientists on Reddit that could give more detailed answers. This video is from the Oxford Silk Group, at their website they have a variety of research papers involving study of the proteins involved, it's potential use in electrical and engineering applications, and more.
They have multiple glands that produce the various kinds of silk.
I do not. Timing it out it looks like they get close to a meter of fiber a minute, if the collection rate is constant, I would say an hour and a half to two hours to collect the approximately 80 meters of material the Oxford Silk Group reported obtaining per session.
They were getting the dragline fiber from the major ampullate. To get the kind of silk you want, you pull it from the gland that produces the kind of silk you want.
Correct. The Spider is having no permanent damage occur, the restraints do not harm any of it's legs, and producing silk is not a tiring or stressful process. The Spider also has no concept of modesty or of emotional violation.
I am just really interested in spiders and spider silk. If it is something I know about I would be more than happy to try to explain it best I can, if I can't I would be more than happy to try to find a source that is more trustworthy than me on the topic.
They engage in predator avoidance responses and in damage avoidance responses, the mainstream opinion is that they do not feel abstract distress in the way we do. They have damage avoidance receptors, but they do not have pain receptors. It is ultimately a complicated question, but most entomolosts feel it is ultimately unlikely. This article goes into more details. https://askentomologists.com/2016/08/29/do-insects-feel-pain/
There are some synthetic versions, and many artificial aramid fibers are better than spider in some applications.
The Spiders generally produce silk at a constant rate until the silk precursors are almost depleted, from what I was able to find they need a resting session between collection sessions to replenish their precursors.
Very carefully.
There are many smaller spigots in there. You can't see them clearly without a microscope or magnifier of some kind. http://www.sciencephoto.com/media/798335/view
Many of them are still quite pricey. One of the cheapest I found was Kraig Labs Dragon Silk, which they got by splicing spider genes into silk worms. It goes for approximate $350 per kilogram, while Kevlar goes for about $10-50 for the same amount depending on type and application. So it is fair to say that Spider Silk is still at least x10 the cost of aramid fabrics. Which makes sense, since aramid fabrics have been having their production refined and optimized for 50 years, while spider silk has no industrial production standard, with people collecting it in a lot of ways, and producing it from a lot of different creatures using genetic engineering.
Nothing in this gif is harming the spider, the spider lacks the capacity to understand or feel any fear, or pain or anger. The restraints don't harm the spider at all, they are going around it's arms and sternum, not punching through it. Also the pultrusion mechanism by which the spider releases silk causes no stress, or pain to the spider. It takes no effort for the spider to produce the silk, it is liquid precursor, and the act of putting pressure on the thread releases it immediately. The Spiders are well taken care of and are fed, and have their silk collected in reasonable sessions.
The machine causes no pain to the spider, first as spiders lack the capacity to feel pain, and secondly because spiders are under no stress to produce silk. It exists in a liquid state inside of their body until gravity or their own arms reach down and pull on it, at which point it is produced continuously.
But we do harvest materials from people. The difference is that people can feel emotions and pain, and can appreciate that harvesting materials from human beings is important and helpful.
This is the equivalent of asking a human being to spit in a cup for a few hours, NOT like having an organ removed. There is no stress or action that really has to occur for the spider to release it's silk, the precursors are created constantly within it's body, and putting a weight on it releases it. It causes not discomfort or paint to the spider. Also if Aliens desperately needed our spit or mucus to dramatically benefit their own civilization, I don't know too many humans that would have a problem with that. Especially since we're another thinking and feeling species, and the Aliens could explain the importance to us, and compensate us in some way.
Potentially, they are researching the silk for medical implants, and new medical technology. Lots of people die all the time because a treatment or new medical device comes along too late to help them.
The difference being is that if Aliens needed something from us, they could explain it. We can't sit and explain it to the Spider. They aren't like Cows which understand we're milking them and don't have to be restrained.
The pulling of the silk causes no pain to the spider. It isn't comparable to pulling something out of their body, the silk isn't an organ. An equivalent would be like having someone spit in a cup, or blow their nose. Except those still aren't perfect because they are FAR more energetic and involved than what the spiders have to do to release their silk... which is nothing really.
People have the capacity to feel emotions and feel pain. Spiders do not even have pain receptors.
Human beings donate blood, hair, skin, organs, bone marrow, etc. All the time to benefit other human beings. We seem to like it quite a bit, at least the emotional aspect. If the Spiders were complex enough to understand the benefits their silk offers us, I am sure they would willingly do it as well.
The pins aren't going through the spider, nothing is breaking it's exoskeleton or harming it in any way. I am sure that if we could explain it to the spider there wouldn't be a problem.
Collecting the silk doesn't harm the spider in any way, and no pins are going through out little buddy. I am sure if the Spider understood how much the silk helps us, they would give it willingly. The Spiders are compensated with free room and board, and fed and watered, and live safe from natural predators for the rest of their natural lives, AND they get to HELP countless people with the potential medical benefits from the research. These Spiders are heroes.
What do you feel is harming the spider in this gif? None of the pins penetrate it's body. The research spiders live out their natural lives free from predators and getting regular food and water.
The pins aren't going into it's body, they are going around it.
Why?
They feed the spiders well, a healthy spider getting proper nutrition produces silk well, a sick unhealthy spider does not.
You don't have a right to protest on private property, you can be asked to leave a shop for pretty much any reason if you aren't going to buy anything. I feel like the Manager should have just left them alone as they weren't bothering anyone, but they were breaking the law and the Police just can't choose to selectively enforce it. They were asked to leave, they said no, the Police didn't have a lot of alternatives.
Can you describe the photo?
They just have everything on auto and probably don't think about it.
Although he is better with guns than a loser like Nugent any way. https://youtu.be/tpr8oqyjKIc
Yea he went through a lot of weapons training for the films.
I think it was totally moral for the Police to arrest someone that refuses to leave Private property when asked. I think it was shitty for the Manager to ask them to leave in the first place if they weren't bothering anybody or taking up a table that was needed for paying customers.
And then came back from a nice vacation in Tahiti still believing it.
Except so many of them believe that gun reform won't solve it because access to guns isn't the big problem. Especially since the biggest attack on a school on American history wasn't even conducted with firearms.
Perhaps. But many other countries that don't have violence issues have dealt with many of their problems in other ways. There are many other ways to approach the problem without demonizing half the population.
It depends on how you upload it.
Slowly convert yourself with nanomachines, have it be a gradual process of offloading your neurons into machines interfaced with your brain. If you got a brain tumor removed, no one would say that the small amount of neurons that were removed as well make you not 'you' anymore. So if you do it gradually with synthetic neurons slowly taking up more and more of your brain, you wouldn't even notice the transition when they take up a majority of your brain. The entire time you can do continual scans with a high resolution MRI, and after a section is replaced you can have it removed in microslices and scanned with an electron microscope. So you have a great informational basis to reverse anything you do.
We can clone and reintroduce species.
We are going to be tackling the problems with radically more advanced technology. I think it is totally avoidable with the right programs.
Human beings are the only creatures who have developed cloning and who can bring back species that have gone extinct. We are the only species in the history of the planet that has developed technology to stop asteroid impacts and who have developed space travel which can move life on the planet to other planets and prevent it from going extinct in the long-term from the sun dying.
Actually there is a lot you can do to extend the Sun's with sufficiently advanced technology.
Potentially. I am just pointing out for unaugmented organic life there are still a lot of options if we wanted to keep it habitable without putting everyone in domes or simulated realities.
Which is why I am saying we shouldn't be losing hope. Despairing about our technology is unable to reverse global warming now is the same as someone panicking in the 1950's about not being able to have a Green Revolution. All of the technology didn't exist then, but now we have unbelivable gene editing and agricultural advancements.
We don't really have choices, the choices if the worst case scenario are true, are genocide, the end of technological civilization (and thus gigadeath), or developing solutions. The solutions are already outlined, the technology is there, it just requires larger implementation, and more funding.
https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/fact-or-fiction-the-sixth-mass-extinction-can-be-stopped/ https://www.realclearscience.com/blog/2016/02/is_there_really_a_sixth_great_extinction_maybe_not.html Many if the reports in regards to measuring how many species have gone extinct have a lot of issues, because it is about estimating the baseline of species that we aren't certain exists. Not everyone agrees about that number. Also we are the only species in history that we are aware of who has the technology to clone species and remove them from extinction.
An unimaginable amount of species throughout history have been hunted or outcompeted to extinction before anything that resembled a Cromag ever appeared. Over 99% of all species that have ever existed have gone extinct, over geological periods extinction is the norm not the standard. It is the ultimate hubris, and based in a fundamental misunderstanding of how big history is. Of COURSE species hunted other species to extinction before the modern era. We are the only species ever observed on record preventing extinctions. That is how we are unique.
If extinction is neither a positive nor negative then why do you care how many species humanity does or doesn't drive to extinction. Humanity is the only species in history that can prevent extinctions and prevent much much worse, conceivably irreversible extinction events occur.
https://youtu.be/eAip2KyfQmo You basically can spritz it with a pump or air powered sprayer with water or paint to get different effects.
Don't forget Titan! I am so excited for that!
It was just a joke.
Wow that's a movie I haven't thought about in a long time.
Some people just have crazy genes.
There are a LOT of mental health services that offer treatment in a sliding scale, I have some friends of mine that are out of work right now and just explained that to their therapist and they pay what they can when they can. There are options depending on where you live.
41 year olds are "greying" now? The man is 36 he isn't knocking on deaths door. The SSS makes you age more slowly anyway. If Chris Evans stays in the movies they won't have a reason to make him appear to be old for a long time, baring him being aged by having the effects of the SSS removed like in the comics.
Yea he is going to sound a lot more like he used to as time goes by. I had throat surgery and it took a few years until I sounded like myself.
https://youtu.be/Sr5_iEyv1wc Here you go. It shows her whole makeup process and how she goes from the before to the after.
It was a really popular popsong from last year, the video surpassed Gangnam Style. It has become a running gag to promise that a sequel is coming soon, or for it to get delayed for some extraordinary reason.
No Sir, the dressing on a traditional Reuben is Russian dressing, Thousand Island is often substituted. Russian dressing is mayo, ketchup, finely chopped or dehydrated onions, horseradish, paprika, a dash of hotsauce,and Worcestershire. Cayenne, sugar, black pepper, relish, sour cream, chives, green pepper, and pimentos are common additions or alterations depending on the recipe. Thousand Island is related and similar, but is usually sweeter and less spicy. Thousand Island traditionally has diced or minced hardboiled egg, sugar, and diced olives included in the recipe to set it apart from Russian dressing. Although many recipes skip the olives. But they are similar in color and can be in flavor depending on the recipe, and Thousand Island has eclipsed Russian in many places as the most popular sauce for the Reuben. Spicy deli mustard appears in some recipes, but always a small amount as a little extra touch for the main sauce, and in my experience is more commonly omitted entirely.
What if reclamation day wasn't an all at once thing, and the people left the vault in 'waves', so if you join a year after it starts, you are said to just be a member of the 2nd or 3rd wave?
