Just like how I'm white and I'll immediately buy any flavor of Wheat Thins I see Ryan Seacrest eating.
Those boss fights ruin it, though, even in the Director's Cut version. Fucking bullshit.
I know people often choose some of Kanye's cockier lines to represent him as a person, oftentimes as a joke, but there is no line that, to me, defines Kanye as much as the line you just quoted :)
The problem with imagining someone replacing Serj is that it just isn't as easy as if you were to, for example, say "Who would be a great replacement for Scott Weiland in Stone Temple Pilots?" or a good replacement for Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, because, while I consider them both to be good vocalists at what they do, they're pretty normal. You can find similar sounding vocalists or at least in the same ballpark, not necessarily in talent, but same uniqueness and overall sound. The most seamless one I can imagine is just Daron doing Serj's vocals because at least we're all used to Daron, even though it'd suck not hearing Serj there, but if I had to pick someone from another band, it'd be Mike Patton of Faith No More/Mr. Bungle who has always been a HUGE influence on Serj and has even done a song with him. Mike has a huge as fuck vocal range, can do all of the screams, weird sounds, etc, and while I don't think it'd be anywhere close to the same thing in terms of feeling, I feel like they could still make genuinely good music still... It just wouldn't feel entirely like SOAD to me.
It doesn't matter what the person's gender was.
But how often do people do that, in comparison to just getting drunk in general?
There's supposedly some line on Infinite that's a direct lift off of an older Cage song, but someone else would have to remember what it is. Also, how can you say it's unlikely he had ever heard of Cage before he recorded the Slim Shady LP, when there are multiple references to Cage on the album?
Man, those robots sure know how to fight..
Not always.. Usually, if you kill every NPC, there's usually a dog you forgot about, and somehow they count as a witness
Fuck, man, I don't know... The force??
i think it was a jokety-joke-joke
it's okay, just send him some chewy chips ahoy cookies in the mail and we'll all be buddies again :)
"With how big of an Eminem fan you are, what do you think of D12?" "HE'S FUCKING GREAT"
I feel like I should note that this is usually just a fantasy and very rarely ever actually happens. Feelings aren't going to appear out of nowhere like a movie.
Fuckin' edgelord.
I can't find anything in Google about them having that line-up.. Throw me in the right direction?
who the fuck are you to say i don't
Not really too scary, but I'm currently in a long distance relationship and sometimes I'll listen to my girlfriend sleep at night over Skype, because I'm up later than her, and sometimes she has breathing issues in her sleep, so naturally I wake her up when I hear her struggling. She has this adorable thing of saying something in her sleep, often not making sense, and then giggling, but a few nights ago she started doing it again, with a "potato sooouup.." out of nowhere, which made me quietly laugh to myself, followed by random gibberish in her sleepy voice, and then after a brief silence, in her normal talking voice: "...And then I killed him." Freaked me the fuck out. Later on when she woke up, I told her about it and she laughed. I know she hasn't actually killed anyone but that's REALLY fucking creepy to hear out of nowhere at 3 AM.
okay, will do
The first I heard was All The Small Things. I actually saw the music video first before the song on just its own, and I was so young and stupid that I thought they were genuinely a boyband, just one with a sense of humor. Cue me hating them for a few years until someone points out to me that the video was a joke. It's not my favorite, but I don't really have a favorite.. It's like picking favorites with your children!
Do you know if The Real Thing is remastered too?
You can also do it by clicking the comment and pressing Z on your keyboard. Same with using A to upvote
Why?
One thing that also made it scarier was that (someone will have to correct me if I'm wrong here) Scott didn't reveal Foxy was in the game in the trailers, so you're trying to survive with just the three others, and then all of a sudden "..What the fuck?! There's another?!" and then he's running down the hallway at you. Scary shit.
hey man, at least you own up to it, so that's great :)
As a Kanye fan, I see a lot more people bring him up positively than negatively. Also, the idea of "hey u guys secretly liek that thing u claim 2 disliek" is stupid.
you can be a 90s kid too if you just believe in yourself
I ended up reading that TRT is remastered too, but.. Part of the appeal behind that record is how dated it sounds, so I don't know how I'm gonna like this. I downloaded it last night and I'm gonna give it a test spin in a bit, but I'm weary because I always remember TRT as being this record by FNM I don't like much, but then I turn it on and it's just like... "Whoa, this is amazing!" and a huge part of it has to do with how it sounds production-wise. Angel Dust was remastered back in.. 2007 or so? I listened to that remaster recently and thought it was actually pretty good, brought out some stuff in the music I had never heard, so I'm curious if this is the same remaster. How's it holding up for you?
I'm listening to the TRT remaster right now and having kind of split feelings about it, but mostly because I've listened to the original so many times: In the original, it seemed like everything was so condensed and almost flat, and it worked because it was a perfect time capsule of that time in music, but this new one... Holy shit. You can hear everything perfectly. Every single little note Billy Gould plays, it's right there, perfectly audible. I had no idea he was doing such crazy shit in some of these songs, like Epic. Now the bass on the old version just sounds flat. This version of the album sounds insane with how bouncy it is (in a good way!) and I highly recommend it so far. About to go into Falling To Pieces and I'm excited. That being said.. We need one of these for Introduce Yourself and KFAD.
Same with how they always do backing vocals for each other, but each of those songs features no backing vocals from the other person.
Wasn't this the theme song to their PS1 fighting game, Wu-Tang Shaolin Style? So fuckin' good..
"We Care A Lot" didn't have any hits on it aside from an early version of the title track. "The Real Thing" was their third album
I remember my older sister, when I quoted the song years back (2009 or so) to her, and she was all "he doesn't say "yeah" in my version, he says "ass". have fun with your censored music." and was completely serious. She was and still is kind of a bitch.
you could at least give him some fucking tampons
Yeah but the beat to Remember The Name is literally a preset loop that Mike added a drum beat to. EDIT: I fucked up, I meant "Believe Me", just like the guy below me did. I don't know how these songs are mentally interchangeable but holy shit.
I love the live versions they've done with other vocalists! So far they've done it with Spencer Sotelo of Periphery, Greg Puciato of Dillinger Escape Plan, and Hayley Williams of Paramore.. I wonder if I'm missing any
I always considered Ryu and Tak as not being official members of FM because they're not on every track with Mike Shinoda, are listed as featured artists, etc, but mostly because Mike Shinoda said that he was going to put out the album under his actual name until he decided he didn't want people to buy the album simply because his name was on it. For me, "Fort Minor" is more like it's just the name of the project, with Mike being the only core and consistent member.
My mom and step-dad got one of those last year because it was cheap on Craigslist and they thought they needed a computer for guests to use whenever they'd come over. Shit weighed 30-40 pounds, it was fucking insane. It couldn't connect to the internet, either. Wonder if anyone's still using these..
What's the idea?
Has that been said anywhere by the band, or is it just a commonly accepted fan theory? I honestly can't think of Hybrid Theory having any "normal society" moments or Meteora being about chaos before the world ends, unless you can point out any lyrics that will stick me in the right direction. That being said, I can see it for all the albums after those two, but I'm just not getting that vibe about the first two.
As much as I love Greg and his immense vocal talent.. Man, this would've been interesting to hear
How is metal dying?
As much as energy is important, I think what's most important is stamina. Do you have the ability to scream like Corey does for at least an hour every night? He's been doing this shit for at least 18 years and I imagine it must hit you like a sack of fucking bricks after a while unless you're REALLY careful with your vocal techniques, which I don't believe Corey was
Fight Fair put out a demo in 2005, but I dunno if Pop Rocks was on it. Maybe you heard it on a friend's MySpace page or something?
"Highlights include the opening title track, "VCR," and "Pigs Fly."" homie he didn't say VCR was the opening title track, VCR was the second highlight for him.
Why not just be happy that someone's contributing so much to this subreddit, and trying to encourage discussion? At the most, all we get now is an occasional photo of a Nightmare version of an animatronic, that just causes us all to go "whoa now THAT'S spooky!!" and that's all, aside from talking about possible theories. We're kind of in a dry moment in the series, which is fine, but it doesn't matter who the post is from as long as the post is made and it can generate discussion
But really.. What can he realistically do? As soon as an update happens, there'll be several threads posted all at once and then a megathread. We'd be kinda limited to only one new post every two weeks or more
i'll fuckin fight andy if i have to
not if you're backing me up, he won't.
and you didn't get her number?
how trill is this cave we're talkin about tho
I just wanted to come by in here and thank you for giving me and my girlfriend so many laughs over the past month or so, when I managed to get her into GG by having her watch a video or two. She wasn't up for it initially, but now she loves you guys, and I'm really glad you're on the show, man. It's been a great two years worth of material, and I can't wait to see what else you do, be it on GG or otherwise! Now, as for my question.. How are you doing today? :)
Does weed help with not cumming? I've never heard about this..
"Stronger Than I Was" and "Space Bound" weren't fucked up!
Do you have a source on that?
I messaged a girl "You wanna know the difference between your dad and me? I haven't fucked you yet." two years ago, and now we've been in a great relationship for two years. Shit is fucking CRAZY dude
Why?
A lot of this seems like pure speculation, especially since the story of how they got the name "Hollywood Undead" doesn't match up to what they say on the Desperate Measures DVD, Jeffree Star was never an official member of the band in any context, they don't need to sue Deuce for any rights since Octone already owns all of them, they'd never just replace Danny with Charlie due to Charlie's limited vocal range, and it all just comes across as pure fan speculation that was caused by a "what if?" conversation and then taken off from there. Here's another good one: Why the fuck would HU have anything against 9 Lives when Jimmy Yuma and other members of the crew are in the music video for Everywhere I Go? One more? Okay: Why the fuck would Danny leave Hollywood Undead, a famous band that would bring in suitable income for his wife and daughter, for Lorene Drive, a band that never reached stardom and whose last release was in 2008? There's a lot more I could point out, but this has so many fucking holes in it. Unless you can provide proof that you know the band personally, I don't believe a word of it past it being just your own personal thoughts, and as such, shouldn't be labeled as the truth. Please don't try to parade any of this around as fact.
It's just intended to be a good, warm moment for the audience to partake in, given that the majority of people there have heard the song, and most likely have never heard the song in a loud, live environment, so it leads from something that feels empowering to Kanye's music, which in itself many people view as empowering. The fact that his vocals were good, but not -great- like Mercury's are great, in my honest opinion: It shows genuine emotion through his flawed voice. It reminded me of all the times I've secretly sung along to my favorite songs in my room when I was younger, but now Kanye has chosen to (along with giving that warm, familiar feeling to the audience) take it to a live stage, allowing everyone to sing at the top of their lungs without a care. I could totally be going RapGenius here, but that's just the feeling I got from it, but let's be real: No one can do a Queen song the same level of justice that Freddie Mercury could, so I wasn't expecting much vocally, but holy shit.. I would've loved to have been a part of that live :)
Did you get automatically pm'd or what? I wasn't aware this was a notification you could get
I used to be a fan of Meshuggah, and I've even seen them live in concert, but where the actual fuck are you going with that comparison?
What mental illness do you have?
You're still not providing proof and are still parading this as the truth.
"This isn't the absolute guaranteed truth" "The Real Truth.txt"
Literally? Where'd it blow you away to?
What were the two you've gotten?
yeah but he doesn't really do horror games anymore, just random flash games on the internet
vid was taken down.. who was the comedian and what'd they say?
Thanks to this comment, I just watched two minutes of the film on YouTube and I am of the honest opinion that it is one of the worst animated films I've ever even partially seen
Don't risk it for this biscuit
Since I'm not really a musician (I make beats sometimes but I don't really know much about music theory or whatever) some of this might as well be Chinese to me. Could you point out a specific timeframe in a song I could examine?
&gt; I was, and still am, a huge Cars fan You NEED to do an AMA
I saw Ratatouillie (not even sure if I spelled that right, and I was looking at the word the entire time) shortly after it came out and didn't really like it, but it just came to my attention recently that it's a Pixar film (which I didn't know when watching) so I feel like I need to give it another shot now, especially since I like Patton Oswalt now. That being said, on the subject of Pixar.. I've never dug Wall-E and I don't understand why. I watched it for the first time a few months ago, thought it was cute and a little heart-warming, but I didn't really get much enjoyment out of it overall. What am I missing?
Well... What kind of music do ya like? :)
I'm gonna be honest with you: Some people just don't like drawn pictures of themselves, like me. If someone draws me and nails it... I fuckin' hate it because I don't like how I look. Maybe you got it perfect and she's just insecure?
Katie was actually the only girlfriend you couldn't have sex with!
What'd you do/say after?
Believe it or not.. There's an easy but INCREDIBLY hidden way to get infinite health on the first level, and for the rest of the game. On one of the cabinets, crouch down on the right side of one of the drawers (I can't remember if it's the first or the second one) for a few seconds, until your cowboy star starts to spin, and BAM, infinite health for the rest of the game. I have no fucking idea how my brother discovered this in the 90s.
I haven't heard the Pac album produced by Em, but hear that it was negatively received. What was so bad about it?
..What the actual fuck.
Finland, by any chance? I had a friend go through a mandatory military service in Finland, and I don't know of any other countries that do that
Frozen corn ending up in the brownie mix.. Gross shit
Fuck.
What will this do?
I love the Beastie Boys but what are some moments to you that Adrock really stands out in? And over MCA and Mike D?
show proof tho
michael cera
I'd fucking dig the hell out of a good Beastie Boys one, or to potentially shut up dumbasses, a Kanye one
How is it specifically a fat person thing?
how were Mark's vocals autotuned? there's just a lot of reverb on them
No, he's a West.
2009 was 7 years ago
i am sorry to hear that /u/BackAlleyPrisonRape
I'm sure you can safely believe a good deal of it, because of his confirmed kills (unless someone can tell me otherwise), just not this shit and the Katrina thing (if it's mentioned)
I think I missed something: It's just a blank white page with a heart in the top left, and social media options in the top right. Is my browser not loading something?
damn i had someone tell me it was a public enemy parody lmao
and here i was thinking we had a freddie mercury flair for no reason
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Dre#Violence_against_women
&gt; But people are different and Em never took it to a physical level? Even though he made a serious song called "Love You More" talking about the toxicity of their relationship, and included the lines: "You throw me out the house, I throw you on the couch, Punch you in the mouth, Fist fight 'til we turn this mother OUT" You can't even say "but they were BOTH fighting" because Eminem was clearly the instigator in this situation he's recalling, and even then, it'd be self-defense on her part. I guarantee your opinion of Dr. Dre and Eminem's abusive situations would change completely if it was your sister or daughter getting hit, and it wouldn't be "a mistake" How old are you and how long have you been an Eminem fan?
So you're saying you don't believe something even if Eminem very clearly says it in a serious song? It's not like Relapse and other shit where it talks about fictional victims and fictional, exaggerated crimes, he was talking about his relationship very seriously in this song. "Love The Way You Lie" is a song that partly deals with regretting the terrible shit you've put your partner through. The reason why they made the song together is because it's very monumental for an artist who frequently talks about domestic abuse (in an explicit, harmful way) to do a song with someone who was actually a victim of domestic abuse. I don't know what standard you're holding up Eminem to strictly as a person, but people can have their faults.
7 years? Damn.. I know it's a short amount of time in all actuality, but it doesn't feel like that long ago. Crazy how time passes..
Fictional events, and most of the victims on Relapse are fictional unnamed characters. If you can't believe Eminem himself when he does a serious song about his actual life, then I don't know what to tell you, and it's weird that you can take -any- Eminem seriously when you can't believe him talking about his own relationship and the faults of both Eminem and Kim in "Love You More", showcasing both of their faults as a couple. Yes, "Love The Way You Lie" was about an abusive relationship, which both Eminem and Rihanna have been in. Using your logic, you can say "if Chris Brown REALLY hit Rihanna then how come she got back with him?? huh??" and then you realize things can be a lot more complicated when it comes to love than most would think. Even if I linked you to sources of Kim talking about it, you'd just dismiss it as her trying to hurt Em's legacy or trying to get money by supposedly lying. There is absolutely no use.
So "Headlights" wasn't about his mom because his mom wasn't in the video..? Am I being fucked with right now?
What type and brand of controller are you using?
The one I'm using is a Joytech controller that I think was used for the original Xbox. I keep reading about Joytek controllers being compatible but I don't think they're the same thing
Do I download the entire thing as a .zip or is there something specific I should go for? Sorry, I REALLY am not too tech-savvy!
Just known for good covers, like how Odi Acoustic is notable for having covered a lot of Blink-182 (and their side projects') songs
Which is..?
I've been following this guy for three fucking years to see the ridiculous songs and videos he makes. I REALLY recommend no one here fuck with him so we can see more shit he unironically makes.
This fucking blew my mind to see him mentioned here. I'M COOOOMING HOOOOOME
Was it any of these? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/So_Far_Gone_%28EP%29#Track_listing
I'd recommend getting the ATH-M50x instead. Comes with the ability to remove the cable, and three cables in total. I actually got mine by mistake on Amazon's part, because I ordered the M50s and was kicking myself after for not getting the M50x, but lo and behold, they accidentally sent me the more expensive pair. The sound quality and everything is the exact same, but I dunno, I appreciate having a removable cable.
I have Suddenlink and it sucks ass until around 1 AM, for some reason. Who is the best ISP in Bastrop? I live in a relatively rural area, so I'm not sure if Suddenlink is the best for me..
Hey.. You could always take her to a Dillinger Escape Plan concert. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-lxwlgyhhA
That is a good point.. But who knows? Stranger things have happened :)
The overly religious lyrics on the first album make me cringe. It felt like Matt was forcing in "Jesus" into all of the lyrics regardless of what the song was even about.
Most people call her fake because of the constant name changes/musical direction changes she's had over the years. They view it as "Lizzy Grant/May Jailer didn't sell, so here's her newest persona!"
Why'd you quote that?
Why don't you just tell your wife you're a fan? Ain't nothin' wrong with that
I'm not a juggalo but I hold some respect for those guys. Their production back in the day was pretty good, and even the people that hate them, in my experience, know of at least two songs that are, in their words, "fucking hilarious" The key is to just not take them seriously or model your life after them
Ain't that beef tho?
What would the Brendon Urie of 2005 think of the Brendon Urie of 2016's success?
You've always struck me as being a Mike Patton fan, or at least a Mr. Bungle fan. Any truth to that?
Did you have any anxiety concerning the release of "Pretty. Odd." and how it might be received, after PATD's debut was so well-received? I always thought it was a risky move that lead to an incredible album!
What am I missing about the second picture?
What's it like being a Shinoda stan?
what if they just don't like hip-hop, his voice, or anything outside of their favorite genres? it's possible to not like hip-hop/kanye's music and not be racist, y'know
&gt; raped you have no idea of the severity of rape
Can you point out anything he's been wrong about? I've only seen a few of his videos
Can I get a version of this with "Childish Gambino" instead of "Greatest Hits" in the middle? This is fucking awesome!!
Thank you!! :)
damn i should have known when you used that word that you weren't really using that word
le masta trololo
I'd love to see one done for Dr. Dre eventually, given all of his loose tracks, especially from this and last year, but is linking/asking for loose track downloads against the rules?
where the fuck do you live?
i wish someone would tell Necro that
pls don't be a meaniepie
How old are you?
Looks like you still got the stereotypical rock star attitude from him.
what is decent music then?
Where was this confirmed??
What are some albums you got when you were just getting into hip-hop, that later (let's say years) astounded you by just how good they were/how lucky you were to have them as one of your firsts? I think my first ever hip-hop album was Paul's Boutique when I was 13, when I was in a CD store trying to choose between it or Check Your Head, and I loved it, but it took me years to realize just how lucky I was that it was my first. I fucking love the instrumental work on that album. I had no idea what I was in for.
dude
i hope the eggs have been frozen and we'll be able to buy them one day. it would be the ultimate gift for any fan!!
He even has the fucking beat and hook down exactly like Eminem would do, it's pretty crazy.
all over youtube, and i think he has a few official releases out
I've heard it advertised a lot, but it just doesn't seem to be there. I've found forums of people talking about it working for them, though.
Just shave it all off if there's anything left, man. Some dudes look good as fuck bald. I bet even if you don't think you're gonna look good bald/shaved, it's still gonna work out in your favor.
The Music Manager? Yes! Is there any other way?
I'mma party like le warchild xDD
There has actually been a massive spike in bands going to 7 and 8 strings these past few years with the whole djent movement shit. Right off head, I can name Periphery, Animals as Leaders, Meshuggah, Between the Buried and Me, Deftones, and a lot more. I dunno (since I'm not a guitarist) just how much that additional string makes in the music, but it definitely is picking up.
because "play with" in that slightly-angry voice J-Dog's using would sound cringe as fuck my nathan
J-Dog definitely helps scream it live but the studio version is all Deuce since it's virtually unchanged in "When We Ride"
prolly The Phantom
what about when they remixed Deuce's "When We Ride" for "Dead in Ditches" jk deuce is better than this shit band
are you seriously even suggesting that Vik might not be a reliable source?
Can you PM it to me?
Cod Metal King is one of my favorite SYL songs. Underrated as fuck!
FUCK
i can't ever bring myself to play it because of the lack of a jump button. i hate pressing the analog stick up to jump
No? And even then, who cares? Why even post this?
OP, this is gonna be my go-to video any time someone is all "pushing buttons isn't music" That was fucking insane
why are you here
They better fucking name this album "Never Going Down"
If you've already bought them, ain't nothing wrong with downloading a torrent of something you already legally purchased
One of the things I hate about him is how he used to trash trap music, auto tune, etc, and then he made that "No Words" song, people liked it, and now some of his new singles have trap beats and auto tune.
HMF had a far worse fanbase though.
This thread makes me smile, OP. Not the replies, but the idea of it is adorable I'm currently fighting a cold and fever at the same time, and am playing through Saints Row 2 to make myself feel a little bit better. How you doin', OP?
You can dedicate it to me instead, to change the memory associated with the song. Just lemme know how to break your heart and we'll get started
How many friends did you have? Did you get out often? And finally, would you homeschool your child?
There are some live albums, bonus tracks, and unreleased stuff, but that's it IIRC
Oh man it's gotten so much worse. They are violating privacy and being complete hypocrites. I don't know what's worse: the dudes like Garrett who would try to act hard online, or these new dumbasses that rolled in.
How much did yours cost?
Please someone record this!!!
Why not?
Yo...
I think Buckethead is an amazing guitarist but you have to wonder how much of that is particularly noteworthy. He dropped an album a day back in October and I can't imagine them all being that great.
Nah I haven't heard anything about doxxing. I got on briefly a year ago, made a joke in a post towards someone I was friends with, I think Arran, and this random fucking dipshit with an Agent 47 avatar private messages me telling me to be nice. I ask if he's a mod, he says no, and I tell him to fuck off. Then out of nowhere Jardel joins the conversation threatening to ban me for being "hostile" and how that wasn't welcome (how the fuck did he see our messages and JOIN the actual conversation?), I asked him where this attitude was when Heliophobic was getting bullied pretty bad, and never got a response. HMF were and still are pretentious twats who get power-hungry. They killed off their community. Good fucking riddance.
An avant-garde masterpiece
How do you feel, OP?
I felt like he spent too much time explaining the joke before the song and should've just cut out the intro, tbh
It won't let me download :( Is there anywhere else I can find this?
What's the source on Feldy doing that? That sounds stupid as fuck
Yeah I understand that, but as a listener I kinda wish he'd just take the best 12 tracks out of those sessions and release a great album. I also just feel sad when looking at how many albums he released that year, and feel like it was a coping device he was using for handling the death of his father. Buckethead has always hidden his face but after his dad died, he made a photo of the both of them the cover to one of his albums, and.. Shit, man. It hit me in the feelings.
Got any pictures of him unmasked?
one time, I ordered a Reel Big Fish CD (I was 13) from Amazon and it had a fake fold-over 50 dollar bill inside advertising for the store it came from. if that wasn't enough for me to want to catch a body, the shitty CD was
That's when you give me the other half
"Secrets" bumps still, and there's a longer version of it out there if you haven't heard it, but it's hilarious how it actually gets censored at one point "Blowing -shit- up like Baghdad in my lab" Will.I.Am pls
i had this shit back in the day! man, that's a throwback.. while we're on the topic of Cartoon Network working with musical artists, here's a huge throwback from back in the day: [GO MONKEY GO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lYZcIC6bqU)
One song on ATS that was pretty cool was "Blackout", they switched it up by having Chester rapping and Mike singing
Edge.
Where's a confirmation that she smokes weed? Also, two more interesting Lights facts: She was the guitarist for a metal band in her teenage years, and sampled a Nas song for "Quiet"!!
My God, I had never heard this song or her cover, but the lyrics sent chills down my spine.. Beautiful vocals from her, as always. Rest in peace.
She never struck me as a smoker! I wonder when she picked up smoking..
I can't find anything by tracing the photo via Tineye or Google Images, but OP, if you've been dating a few months and only live 25 minutes from each other, but have never met up, something is up, and even then, no matter how busy your schedule is, if you have enough time to have a girlfriend, you can easily find even just -one- minute of any single day in those months to video chat her. Even if he's not a catfish, treat yourself better, OP.
I'd say even up until Little Machines I couldn't imagine it. Maybe it had something to do with meeting and marrying Beau Bokan? But then again, I have no idea if he smokes weed.
And what exactly have they done to warrant an early, unnatural death?
They weren't parodies.
Fr? I've seen love for Carly, Taylor, Janelle, Jean Grae, Snow tha Product, K.Flay, Gangsta Boo and Lauryn Hill over there
This is confusing.. The police are reporting Kevin James Loibl did it, who looks nothing like that.
JMT nearly always have hard as fuck beats. Have you heard the remix of Genghis Khan a fan made called "Jedi in the Front"? It's off of the unofficial Jus Allah mixtape "Army of Darkness" but imo it goes harder than the original
Without a doubt Anthony because he probably has Deuce's fighting spirit in him
Oh okay they make videos you don't like about video games. Send them to the gallows I fucking guess.
so you want the new HU album to just be Danny &amp; Friends instead of HU
Ah, I haven't seen that used by anyone on there, nor did I really go through the flair list. I just saw the Four Loko flair and decided "yeah, that's me." and chose it because I'm the classiest guy in the entire world. Crazy, though.
Enema is my favorite rapper
What are some stupid things that either trip you up or make you laugh when you hear them in a song? Whenever a rapper says something to the effect of "Raped the game young, you can call it statutory" like Kanye and Domo have said before, I don't imagine they're talking about the rap game, I hear it as that they're bragging about having sexually assaulted The Game and that he's been through a lot of shit. That and because of a post on here a while back, whenever Travis Scott does the adlibs in Antidote ("THAT WAS FUN!") I imagine a smaller Travis Scott next to him yelling that shit while the big one raps and sings.
Uhh.. You're aware this all happened BEFORE the gay club shooting, right?
What are some of your favorite artists/bands?
The fact that so many people think the ending was "they were dead all along!!" pisses me off. Thank you for being the one to explain it
It'd be kinda weird to hear Dick Lips live since it was about Tom getting suspended from high school or whatever
Blame them both on blink-182
There's a J on Neighborhoods
The two guitars in What's My Age Again, though...
I can't imagine Mike singing Tom's songs but damn do I wanna hear it
you can actually find a pic of him in google because he's an ex-member of Dance Gavin Dance, oddly enough
He reuses tons of Em's shit. "Til I Drop" is just Em's "Til I Collapse" in concept and the fucking beat of "Help Me" is heavily inspired by "My Name Is", just listen to the ending bassline. Someone said something a while back to the effect of "Deuce is going to be an Eminem impersonator in Las Vegas one day"
Ooga fucking booga
Jesus Christ why
I gotta find a way to watch this DVD.. Is it available for (LEGAL, pls mods don't hurt me) free streaming anywhere?
there are a few songs on the Lonny Breaux collection that i'm not even sure if they're Frank or not...
aight dawg lemme come over and crash, i'll bring Super Smash Bros Melee
Get Tom DeLonge back in Weezer!!
It was a joke, dude. His occupation is obviously not being an Eminem impersonator. Ooga booga
lmao /u/shaunxgagaxnufc /u/inhansed someone's upset
A suicide attempt?? I hadn't heard anything about that.. Fill me in?
You didn't ever hear if he survived? Is there any way for you to find out?
A ska band, eh? Were you any famous?
Uh.. Which are false and how?
How do ya feel about your first album now?
Shit did I jerk both of us off last night?? This is awkward...
I do think it's still a good album but it almost seems like it should've been by a different band, or released after this album. I feel like this album is, sound-wise, wedged perfectly in between TOYPAJ and untitled.
Holy shit I had to read this comment a few times to try to figure out if you're trying to troll me and I'm still not sure. I never used the word "copy" absolutely anywhere. I said "heavily inspired". &gt;Have you even heard either song? They sound nothing alike at all. Good thing I wasn't implying that then, right? And even then, "Til I Drop" and "Till I Collapse" have similar intros, have verses dealing with wanting to rise to the top and get fame (the chorus even has a "SCREAMING 'FUCK THE WORLD' LIKE TUPAC" lyric that's taken from Eminem's "Just Don't Give a Fuck"), and "Help Me" and "My Name Is" both do the same thing of trying to introduce the rapper to an audience AND dissing people, using basically the same chords but on different instruments/tunings.
The fact that you think Rabbit Hole is the weakest but it's (IMO) still a pretty fuckin' good song speaks levels of how good the album is, doesn't it?
I think that's too soon to really say, isn't it? We dunno if any of this is necessarily memorable yet because it just came out today. We just know it's good, and that's good enough for me. Neighborhoods didn't really have that many memorable riffs (to me, of course) anyway so I don't really mind it.
Tom?! Is that you?!
I think you're just humping guys.
Change "mean" to "fake" and www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8dPa2S4vL0
I haven't heard "No Good" but I love "Sober", but it's really weird because it almost sounds like a pop-country song. I can't point out any artists it specifically sounds like (can't tell any of them apart tbh) but that was a bit of a weird departure for Blink
It's crazy how there's only one song with swearing on here!
Whoa what? When?
Can anyone direct me to any more music like "Make It Out"? Holy shit that song makes me want to drink Mountain Dew past 8 PM
What?
**WHAT?**
3eb?
Yak Ballz on the hook
who are some and what were the changes?
none of those songs sample any of those, they just have similar melodies.
HU: we are DEUCE: no u not EPIC WEEN
Can't keep a good man down, my nathan, especially when he gets temporarily banned for something a mod does constantly I guess if I don't post anymore after this comment, you know why
PM'd. Can't wait to see if I get banned (I'd just be back under another username tbh what's the use) and what BS excuse they'd use publicly for it. Y'all be sure to subscribe to /r/HU4L if so to party with some real niggas
How can California age at the same rate when it hasn't been out for even 1/4th of the time that Neighborhoods has
&gt;Sounds super bubblegum manufactured. yeah we never got that with "All the Small Things", "First Date", "The Rock Show", or anything else, especially no Angels &amp; Airwaves songs.
so whenever i listen to the majority of blink's older work, i don't like blink, i actually just like Jerry Finn? really?
What was going through your mind when you first saw him? I don't think I'd even believe it at first..
That's a great way to explain it. I was sixteen when this dropped and even though I liked Eminem, it was one of those "I bet this was shocking ten years ago" things, but this was something for -my- generation that hit. I don't really dig much of Odd Future anymore but you pretty much nailed it
listened to G-Eazy for the first time the other day, three songs, and he sounded bored as fuck in every single one
&gt;rapper
my hands are open, my man
They are CHILDREN.
Maybe you're getting it confused with "Elect the Dead" or the Scars on Broadway album?
What are some of the things that you've noticed?
It may not be hate, but they're definitely not well, last time I checked. IIRC, it was because when Camu Tao died, El-P put out a lot of R.I.P. merchandise, like shirts with Camu's face on it, and Aesop thought El-P was just trying to profit off of his death. I think that's the reason you don't see Cage affiliating with El-P anymore either.
Can you list a few?
sounds like Desiigner lyrics tbh
I met my girlfriend through Facebook where she was mutual friends with a lot of my friends and seemed pretty cool. She was and still is beautiful, and I figured "I need to see if she meshes with my sense of humor" in order for us to be friends. I messaged her "Wanna know the difference between me and your dad? I haven't fucked you yet" because there was a prank call I loved that included those lines, and she, for some reason, found that absolutely hilarious and we instantly became friends. Of course, I had no bad intentions whatsoever, I just wanted to throw her for a loop. Been dating for a few years now and I'm very happy about the situation. Apparently messaging her with some shit like that helped me stick out in an ocean of other guys flooding her inbox. Wouldn't recommend the same advice, but y'know.. Crazy. Maybe that's one of the three stories?
How has it changed?
*woosh*
just read this shit http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Immortal_Technique
People will downvote you but he does actually seem to be a shitty guy. http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Immortal_Technique
le epic burn xd
Young Thug
Young Thug can body Immortal Technique's entire career with one verse
Young Thug is the greatest musician alive. You could even say he's the Frank Zappa of our generation. He is not just another manufactured rap star, he is a complete artist. He is not someone that is being controlled by a record label. Thugger is singlehandedly one of the most innovative and unique rap artists of this decade. He is a melodic genius, his beats are experimental, innovative, unique, he isn't afraid to experiment, he is constantly evolving and changing his style. Young Thug, from the beginning, has always pushed boundaries and has continued to make progressive music that others could only hope to imitate. His voice is an instrument. He wants you to look beyond just the lyrics. They are there just to complement the music, they are an application of the voice as an instrument rather than a medium for verbal communication and storytelling. His voice and his sounds are something that no one else is doing. Young Thug obviously isn't a Kendrick/Drake type of rapper with outstanding rapping ability but he still manages to make better music than them. His mixtape, Barter 6, is an extremely introspective and personal record. It allows you to better understand the perspective and emotions of Jeffrey Lamar Williams. The mixtape has become a bridge for white youth to enjoy the art of the black inner city and empathize with the likes of Thugger and that is what is so wonderful about art. We are able to see who he really is and understand him. The introductory interview at The Fader Ford shows that he is a surprisingly soft-spoken young man and it gives you all the more reason to care about him. There was no Young Thug before Young Thug. He is not emulating anyone, he isn't trying to be anyone. He has no influences. When Check came out of nowhere, everyone loved it because nothing sounded like it. In fact, to further nail the point home for example, if we take typical lyrics from Immortal Technique, he is either homophobic, sounds like he dropped out of high school, or is even all for the slaughtering of innocent animals. Just look at this: "If you don't like the smell of burning meat, then get the fuck off the planet You know, I don't criticize people for eating moss And don't open your fuckin mouth about my food man I like beef and broccoli motherfucka, mind your God damn business" Such an angry and profane young man, and none of it even rhymed! But if we slide on over to Young Thug's body of work, we get lyrics about the dangers of street life, emotional lyrics about drug addiction that don't glorify the life at all, and even lyrics about the importance of family: "I put it down for my people Ready to die for my people We multiply with the people Have a shootout for my people" When you compare Young Thug saying he would do anything, even DIE for his "people", being family, friends, and whoever else he holds close to heart, next to Immortal Technique whining about how he should be able to eat dead animals that were killed for his consumption like a selfish fifth grader with absolutely no life experience, it's pretty clear who is the MC and who is the child. Immortal Technique makes music where he does the (oftentimes very hypocritical) thinking for you, but Young Thug opens minds and implores you not only to better yourself for you, but everyone around you. He has accomplished so much at such a young age, can you imagine what his music is going to sound like in 5 years while Immortal Technique is still speaking verbal diarrhea about easily-debunked conspiracy theories?
that's the logic you have btw thanks 4 the downvote but it won't change what i said
1. you bein a bitch 2. me flossin on u 3. ???? 4. repeat
As a big LTJ fan since I was a young'n, we know there are big leaps in quality tho
Anything by the Misfits?
Man it's not like they could have a different opinion or anything!!!! Fuck those uneducated swine!!!!
slim fuckin shady
&gt;untalented try some different jokes
There's no chorus to it, though. Even though we dig it as an awesome return to form, it'd completely flop in the mainstream.
Why
How long will we beat a joke from South Park into the ground
you'd be absolutely surprised (like i was) if you look at the tracklist for both SS and AT and realize how similarly the tracks are placed
yo my dawg, happy early birthday
le epic own xd
&gt; falsely claimed a RCMP officer as a pedo which vid was this?
&gt; absolutely huge already were.
SOMEONE CALL THE FUCKIN COPS
Yup yup yup!
i wish you could transfer BETA to everyone's computer which btw INHANSED - BETA OUT FOR FREE ON BANDCAMP RIGHT FUCKING NOW
&gt;Just don't tell him what is he going to say stop smoking my weed mom even though I eat your food and use your utilities for free god this was hard to read
Man.. It'd sound weird as hell though. I can't think of a track on there I'd actually want redone
That doesn't sound like the nicest activity
/u/inhansed
I can't get an erection when I'm on Xanax
I wouldn't say that I can't stand it, but I don't get the praise for him. A lot of his drum beats were pretty simple and even reused ("The Adventure" and "Saturday Love" come to mind) so Ilan was a perfect change of pace for me
lol are you completely unaware that you can literally call martin on the phone and get it
That along with the fact that he's "lol so randum xd" makes me cringe
tag his reddit username in a comment and get a response, then. i mean, if you need the medication (which is why you'd request it) then why not?
so you didn't provide any proof when requesting an expensive drug that could potentially fuck with your body severely if you took it and didn't have the disease, and you were surprised when you didn't get it? and you won't contact him again, if anything, for confirmation to everyone in the thread that you even contacted him in the first place?
We need more SAINTE!! :)
Sublime - Get Ready?
No problema! Also, is your username a reference to Mr. Bungle?
Speak for yourself
$OUTH $IDE $UICIDE
A family friend of mine dated a girl he fucking hated for a month or two before Christmas because he was really hoping to get this album as a gift from her. Well, he got it, took her out to dinner a week later, and as he says, he went into the bathroom, snuck out the window and never saw her again. I have absolutely no fucking idea why that asshole did that.
Twenty One fucking Pilots strike again
The only way that song could be more obvious is if the members were sitting down next to you screaming "IT'S ABOUT SUICIDE"
go to RateYourMusic instead, much better community willing to talk about Carly Rae Jepsen as in-depth as fucking Cattle Decapitation
Fuck Cucknik my mang, come party with us on RYM, we've got bitches and kush
this is the most stereotypically UndeadOP list I can imagine how can you like Hopsin enough to put him in your top 5? he's (and I can provide objective facts about him) one of the most idiotic, racist, mentally immature and hypocritical rappers out there
I deadass lost my virginity in a Deftones shirt, I'm not sure if that's cool or cringeworthy
"How come black people the only species that can't evolve? 'Cause you in the street acting like a Neanderthal" in "Ill Mind of Hopsin 5"
/r/lewronggeneration
find me a single place where i said that
You sound like an absolutely lovely person, I really mean that. That cat probably loved the hell out of you
City Siege, yo
Someone would have to do the research for me, because I was too much of a dumbass to actually catalog it some years back, but Mark and Tom at least -were- religious back in the day, and at one point I found myself reading the Bible from the beginning (I didn't make it that far, if that helps gauge where to look at) and at some point, it got to a verse labeled 182 and it was something about bettering the world. I remember looking at the Bible and thinking "that.. that's it."
I only really remember two (I actually didn't like blink at the time so it was just "eh" to my angsty teenage self.. which was the prime time to like blink, coincidentally) and one's (which is really just kinda funny) just that they got tacos pretty often whenever they were in studio (I like to imagine they were from Sombrero's, which makes me laugh, but who knows) and that the separation from Scott wasn't as cleanly-cut as the band portrays, which most of us could've guessed, but apparently Scott at some point actually turned up to their practice studio and found out he was out of the band via Travis sitting at the drum set. Brutal. I guess I should've just listed those off in the opening post, yeah? I don't know. I can't vouch for the authenticity of any of these, but my brother said the guy had pictures of him with the band(s) he claimed to work with back in the day, and I trust my brother, so there's that. I wish I could remember more, but my brother and I aren't really on much of speaking terms anymore, which is why I'm asking y'all
nah generally we use "weird" to mean something's weird
An EP would be killer but I doubt it. My best guess is a live DVD of the last Knotfest
If you look online for the stems to their songs (there's quite a few packs out there) you can make entire versions of that out of their older material :)
He ever get caught? You were a bro, btw
It sounds like you're doing a great job in his life :)
You very rarely hear about someone being good at something, because it's just kinda the expected
You were a kid who had their heart in the right place, who tried their best for their father. Even if you fucked up from the anxiety that comes with stage fright, you couldn't help it, and I don't think that's cringeworthy. Hell, I think that the effort you put into trying to learn it is pretty cool. Don't worry about it, dude.
Relistened recently and it really surprised me how I didn't remember the tremendous drop in quality in the second half. First half GOAT tho
&gt;the GOAT one of, sure, but -the-? arguable but I guess that flair makes sense
if we have to feel the pain, you have to as well. we all burn equally.
[only one hop and he's BACK motherfucker be sure to like Juggalos Inc on Facebook!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeQWPRtxn-s)
My girl has never seen Breaking Bad past the first three episodes and is about to start it with me.. Really excited for her
"Live at the JNFC" has Oli at his best
The first time I looked into her eyes. It really doesn't get old, though.
Hit me, my mang
if they had to ask anyone to fill in Eazy's spot, I think I'd feel most comfortable with it being Snoop Dogg.
Do you know what the N in N.W.A stands for It ain't Nathans
Doesn't the RATM cover just consist of them repeating the first verse a few times?
One year? Oh God.. it still feels like just a few months ago. I'll put on some of her tunes today for sure. R.I.P.
Plus "honky" is just a fuckin' funny sounding word. I think it's one of those words that actually becomes funnier with more anger behind it. I can't even imagine being seriously offended by a random dude yelling it at you in the street.
&gt;surrroundis what fuckin Harry Potter spell is this
Right here!
Look up Daddy's Halo by R.A., it closes the story of his dad
I wish to be absolutely poor as fuck and have the world completely close its doors to me as I sink into a deep depression.
How do you feel about the song "epaR" years later?
Cage, is that you?
Oh like we haven't all done that before
"How come black people the only species that can't evolve? 'Cause you in the streets acting like a Neanderthal" - Hopsin "Did the man who invented college go to college? Hmm, okay then" - Hopsin
Literally everything. She's a work of art even if she'll never admit it.
This is adorable. I bet it'd mean a lot to her if you brought it up to her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av3MuOdgZ5k&amp;t=0s
Nah, I remember never being able to find any of their albums at Walmart (excluding "International Superhits!") before 21CB was ever even announced.
They had this standpoint since before 21CB, my man, that's why I couldn't find their albums at WalMart before that album was even announced
This is a huge reach.
That doesn't explain why they didn't have any of the other albums at the time, tho
it's no fucking use trying to convince them, just come chill with us at /r/G59
oh man you're in for a treat lmao
The only download links available right now and ripped from Soundcloud and therefore not the best quality :(
You have to keep in mind that this is close to the same shit that happened with Marilyn Manson: His music was shown to be "dangerous" in the news, and despite all of the protests you've heard about, that turned a lot of people onto his music, because they were wondering "what could be so horrifying about it?" and got hooked. People are driven by curiosity.
well, they've made plenty of material for you to like, can't be too upset, i guess.
those are ripped from Soundcloud
who remember
I hope it's an entire tape.. Shit, how crazy would that be?
where was this stated and what are the rules?
Muddy Blunts tho
https://twitter.com/SuicideChrist
I don't know, man, as much as I'd like to say it's just withdrawals, $crim has a bunch of lyrics throughout their discography about being tired of the rap game.
Mike my man I wasn't saying you did
i understand and thank u
if i gave out ten thousand bottles of free water to Flint, but i pissed in one, there is more than enough reason to get on my ass for it.
The Dillinger motherfucking Escape Plan
Odd Future is respected.. Or Tyler, Earl and Frank are?
Thanks man, we love to discard soda cans in our forests to give them an exotic feeling
If you could send me the stems, I'd be really grateful :)
This isn't it, unfortunately :(
viper the rapper, please say "the rapper"
Why do you change the way you type often, almost like a stereotype on/off switch? https://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/6cebd1/migos_will_be_on_snl_tonight_performing_with_katy/dhudncj/?context=3 "Not really, that's what being a musician is. There's times where I've had to learn a piece of music, go to rehearsals, take a few hour bus ride and wait in a venue just to perform 8 measures."
I didn't get that vibe from that tbh. Just seems like Travis is too happy with blink and his friends right now to risk anything.
This is a bit much, don't you think?
If you've ever said a movie or album sucks to your friends, or even that you just didn't like it, then you're just as guilty, no?
There's no such thing as objectively good or bad taste, though.
And I've said the equivalent of both in conversation with friends. What's your point?
I think he's said that he tries to give every album at least three spins all the way through
sounds like you just mad your merch ain't selling like a God church
&gt; He said, “Nanana, igh igh?” fixed
I hope you're doing good, man. Here's hoping this year is better than the last
tbh i don't think it's bad, it's just the laughtrack that kills it, mainly, otherwise it's just kinda average
David &amp; The Pakmans
To be fair.. Alice Glass is still performing CC songs live, I guess to "take them back" and I think that's amazing. Would it help to change the artist name to just Alice Glass in your media player?
he does the podcast No Jumper
smh kids these days and their fuckin internet addictions starting earlier and earlier
the comment mentioning "I haven't liked a hip hop album this much since Dark Twisted Fantasy 2 years ago." made me feel especially old, because i remember exactly where i was when MBDTF leaked and i refuse to acknowledge it's been that long p l s
source?
he's the guy you knew in college who would try to argue with the teacher in front of everyone, and shot you a glance after like "i really got him, huh?"
People still very much dislike Halsey lol People wouldn't give a shit as long as the vibe of the song is right.
Going on my first flight today.. Keep me safe, Piper. R.I.P.
Politicians?
Nice username my friend
Turned out to be a joke video unfortunately
He currently stays on FB, posting about politics, but also on occasion a completely fucking retarded conspiracy theory. The man honestly believes that vaccines cause autism, and that 9/11 literally never happened.
Source?
First half of The Powers That B?
Chortling audibly
Redditors are dying to be cucked
You know people have the ability and right to partake in some actions and not others, right?
Even then, it's just kinda confusing: the actual types of people who're capable of rape probably won't care that he killed his mother, nor will other murderers, so that just leaves.. What, the rest of the non-rapists? Are the non-rapists going to rape him?
Yeah, I'm sure that's what it is
What are your thoughts on hip-hop pioneers/longtime listeners hating on "mumble rap"? And your thoughts on the sound/"genre" as well?
fair enough
runy da eggy
I think it was a photoshopped tweet unfortunately
all they're saying is that they've never really been a fan, no shots at Jay's quality or relevance
in a world full of copycats...this is a higher power telling you that you're better off being an original. .... I bet Tim Burton accidentally shot a morbid load of jizz across the studio onto Johnny Depps new shoes when he seen this nightmare come true on his phone. She looks like she is made of cancer.
It varies. It seems to be just a rip from DatPizz
Yuh yuh
What was that Ghost album, again?
Oh my God
Star is fun.. In short doses. I feel like whenever Ak would say some stupid shit, Joe would (usually) just sit there, occasionally slip out something like "But why?" and really pry into it before trying to correct him. Star just kinda goes "NAH YOU'RE A FUCKING DICKRIDER" and seemingly spends most of this episode trying to attack Akademiks directly, as opposed to arguing something that Akademiks said. If this show is just going to be Star attacking Akademiks over and over, it stops being entertaining ten minutes in.
From the URL, I thought it was gonna be a Jus Allah tweet.. Man, Jus Allah probably would've been a great replacement for Joe, hypothetically
they'll still be here when you're back home, fam, enjoy the shit outta that vacation
How is Hopsin "wanting to be white"?
&gt;he makes wholesome music https://genius.com/Lil-yachty-priorities-lyrics
Yeah, I feel it. I do actually heavily enjoy -some- of the dude's work, but a lot of it does kinda feel like he focused more on making a complicated verse than a song that's actually enjoyable past "damn, he did a good rippity-rappity rap there" Sometimes it feels more like he's trying to defend his title as being some ultra-complex rapper than actually working on making some amazing shit overall.
Maybe the initial "explosion" of fame, I could give you that, but after that, I think the fanbase just grew organically
My girlfriend, who is a pretty big BH fan, learned of them just through Spotify. I think they came up on a hip-hop station or some shit. BH definitely crossed over to that sorta "hmm, what's this" radio world, at least internet-wise.
Just out of curiosity, what was your previous favorite book of all time?
Damn! Are you cool? I'll be perfectly happy with the fact that you responded to me if you're cool too
Yes, we would. The sensible part of the subreddit, anyway. I'd probably be even more bothered by it considering that Kodak and Pump probably have more cash in the bank than Logic does.
I seem to remember someone going to the store that Macklemore claimed to get the supplies from, and finding the packaging saying "Jewish nose", though.. Maybe someone bought the supplies for him, but still.
And a punk EP, curiously
god fucking damn it.
Hey man I hope you have a good day at work today
Is that a sunny album to you? I imagine all Radiohead albums to be "alone in my room at night" albums tbh (nothing wrong with that)
I can't find out what happened to him!
Goddamn that Jordan Pundik
Depends what the audio quality of the MP3 is
Right? I always got the impression that Dre back in the day was an angry dude, and anyone could've gotten it. Fuck him for doing it, but I don't (to my knowledge) think it had anything to do with her being a woman
Why does everyone willingly choose to disregard the rape allegations against Ameer lol
Is he wanting to slap Kanye because he can't slap Whitney anymore?
Last screenshot https://twitter.com/GIGlNOTHADID/status/995010948338368512
holy shit that fucking username
Wonder if they'd honor it if you did? They seem like cool guys, so probably.
"Coming Home" is their hidden gem! Best album in the entire discography imo
What happened?
Post gif?
KTT's gonna be excited. They're obsessed with Hodgy for some reason
Seriously though I was thinking about trying to edit the songs from ABT in Audacity to make them sound more raw, but the dude's style just isn't there at all on that album
the anti-semitic freestyle god
"The Way I Am" wasn't a serious song?
Radical $uicide 2 by far
We did it Reddit
Just like /r/hhh will miss you, bud. R.I.P.
That obituary was written with love, and because of it, I hope and imagine that he knew he was loved. I think we should all aspire to one day have something written like that about us, because from just reading it, it sounds like he was a fucking great person. R.I.P. buddy, I hope things are better where you are.
True nephews and nieces realize it's "LE LE LE LE LE".. Could you please leave your badge by the door?
Are -you- doing well?
It's the opening point of the comment that I'm replying to. I've already given my condolences and talked about aacarbone in a separate comment unrelated to this one.
"you talk like you wanna be a ni- NICE GUY!!!!!!!"
He didn't want them to stop listening to or appreciating the old music, all he said was that he didn't want everyone to keep comparing the new musical style(s) to the old
You kinda just defended a single song of theirs
Punch that motherfucker in the Goddamn eye if you're not a sissy
Got it and it kicks ass :) Really short, tho Thanks man
IIRC the bass-drops are different too
i heard a rumor that his next plan is to rape an underage muslim girl while pointing at her sandals and repeatedly yelling "DAMN DANIEL, WHAT'RE THOOOOOOSE?!"
They both had solo tapes before $B :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HQ_-eWXyPI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8T4DSP1gbc
I was just showing them something that they might not have known existed
This'll prolly make them take us a lot less seriously EDIT: That edit.. Chill, OP, we ain't mad at you, man
You get left behind, Lars?
Good to hear it, man. The worst shit is when they decide to leave like 20 minutes early. Hope everything goes well, btw
Did he specifically defend any other black artists?
When was that?
Which song?
The sub's full of white dudes who can't understand why they can't say the N-word, so of course they can't understand abusive relationships
Oh you owned up to not knowing anything about the case Very smart move...
Because you're admitting to not knowing absolutely anything about what you're defending.
P much 95% of his videos
Smh at you thinking that's what I was getting at
"Hi my name is Eminem, your girl want a m&amp;m so i gave her a m&amp;m. EminemEminemm&amp;nanemana"
What about their comeback album from 2015?
same with him getting the crybaby tattoo tbh like were they actually close, or..? i had never heard anyone even bring up Fat Nick and Lil Peep in the same breath before Peep passed
Yes, Fat Nick, you figured it out!! You figured out how to have a short career!! Insult the people who could potentially pay for your music!!
Big if true
Kinda just sounds like another Fat Nick album to me: Talking about the same stuff over the same-ish beats. Wanted to like it more than I did. It's also a shame that the Peep verse didn't make the album
Around those lines, the idea of -not- being able to listen to a hyped album the day it comes out, due to being sold out, is something that's hard for me to imagine now, and I lived through it.. It took us a few days of checking with Walmart to get a CD copy of My Chemical Romance's "The Black Parade" when it came out. People romanticize the CD/DVD era and I just think "did y'all forget shortages were a thing??"
Not over 10 years? Still cool tho
Musically or visually?
Do you guys think Pouya has the realistic potential to make a classic? I feel like he's a dumb dude with ability, like Hopsin, but also surrounded by talent, unlike Hopsin. Was listening to "Five Five" today and got curious, especially because it's a step-up from shit he was doing before. EDIT: damn them upvotes for starting a discussion, be easy on me baby
What are some of those releases for you?
NEW QUESTION: Who is the best rapist/rapper?
Very good points! I will say tho, I think Germ and Shakewell are trying, and have put out some good releases, it's just that they don't drop shit more than once a year, really, which is a bit of an issue when it comes to the rest of the competition in the SoundCloud scene. Really excited to hear what else they put out. Also, is Shakewell part of Buffet Boys or does he just hang around them? I thought BB was just Pouya, Fat Nick, Germ and MTM
I thought so too. It had a nice little variety on it from the sunnier tracks, the more aggressive ones, and the more introspective ones, but the production from MTM made it feel pretty cinematic the entire way through, so I don't know if I like the album more for Pouya or MTM, really.
I'd say his songwriting ability has increased a little bit, tbh. I couldn't picture him crafting the hook for "Void" even a year ago. The hooks on "Five Five" in general feel quite a bit more melodic than shit he was doing before. Still could use some help with those lyrics, though.
What's his fanbase like? I only know of a few of his fans through /r/G59 and most people seem to be pretty indifferent to him
&gt;Also, saying you’ve been doing it for 10 years without complaint is unbelievably dim-witted because concert shootings weren’t this common 10 years ago A fair bit of people have been on-edge since Dimebag's death back in 2004, though. Even if it wasn't happening as often, it was definitely still a thought in people's minds, kinda like how I still survey venues for their fire exits all because of when I learned of the Station nightclub fire in 2003.
Damn, that's really shitty :( I remember being big into "Combination Pizza Hut &amp; Taco Bell" when it dropped because that was such a huge summer/year in general for me, so that def dampens it a bit for me
Fuck.. Don't remind me :(
Can you help me find this? I can't find anything about it in Google
What games do y'all just kinda absent-mindedly play while high? I've enjoyed having fun just running around in Mirror's Edge levels without enemies, but I need something else for tonight
shout out /r/hhh by repeatedly yelling "ANOTHER L FOR RUSS!!!! ANOTHER L!!!!!!!!!!" until you get pulled off the filming site
No love for Champion of Death? He's straight-up chopping during part of that verse
