Huh. Self-funded? Wow, but distributed by Paramount...
&gt; he used to read Flash comics when he was younger and was a big fan. Nothing I love to see more than this. :) Like Capaldi and Tennant.
A lot
omg wait no I remember. I talked to you already! xD
&gt;"That was a good talk!" &gt;"No it wasn't!" I actually loved that.
Oh man I can't believe I forgot this episode's villain was the Ginger Ninja.
NO TOUCHING!
OP DON'T MOUSE OVER THE SPOILER IN THIS COMMENT, AOS SPOILERS &gt; How was Ultron created Oh damn I just realised they show you [Raina's vision of Loki's staff in the episode before AoU](/spoiler)
It isn't known this time. :(
This is one of the most true comments here
Eh. I still think it's implausible.
[Meanwhile in the Person of Interest writers room next door...](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CGH2Ww0UsAETZWF.jpg)
Lyla is probably the breadwinner of the household. ARGUS work can't be cheap
I am 100% sure he did nothing but work for his people to get that high. He kept his peas out of his rice apparently.
AOS spoilers: [](#s "After S.H.I.E.L.D. disbanded, there was a ship that Fury had orders to destroy, with all the agents on it. Bobbi Morse aka Mockingbird and Agent Gonzales made the call to disobey Fury's orders and they formed a new S.H.I.E.L.D.. Meanwhile, Fury gave Coulson a "toolbox" to work with to help him operate S.H.I.E.L.D. secretly. So that was what Coulson was doing until he found out about the rival S.H.I.E.L.D. faction and they started to spar especially over Skye aka Quake and her powers. In the end, the two factions had to end up joining because of the threat of the Inhumans. Oh. And Coulson and Agent Koenig played by Patton Oswalt were the 'old friends Fury referred to in AoU who gave him the helicarrier.")
IT'S HAPPENING! I reaaaaaally wanna be early for this one because I'm from the same country Jack Warner is from and have a few relevant questions for once
&gt; your brother's step-uncle's neighbor Wouldn't that also be your step uncle's neighbour?
I love this idea because Kate Bishop.
I'd say that's not a coincidence at all, no.
Yeah. I think so too. He committed mass genocide in Hong Kong... why exactly? ...in fact, that's totally not surprising at all. I could see that happening in real life
Well. Now we have [HOUND](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/38fdyl/this_is_insane/).
Yo. Note 4?
No. Ugh. Jesus. You missed my point completely. I was trying to say these synopses give me belly laughs like those comedies do.
I loved S3 in general so whatevs, bro
Do you think it was coincidence that the Russians in Daredevil were named Vladimir and Anatoly? Lol. But seriously. Gotta see Anatoly come back to Arrow. And we most likely will, since the next thing we'll see is probably Oliver join the Russian mob.
Chalk up Rochev being there to Early Installment Weirdness. There was also a name on the list that ended up being a metahuman in Central City.
They're using 4chan and Tumblr and complaining when they find content stolen from Reddit.
Or an episode of a procedural show... WHOA, IS BARRY ON THE PLANE?
yes
&gt;Don't like But yeah that scene was great and everyone in the theatre laughed when he made that self-assuring face like "yeah. I'm badass"
Pity upvote. :P
Someone posted in /r/Arrow (or /r/flashtv) that Jaden was cast as Static Shock and literally all the article said was that Tyler James Williams (who is awesome btw) said Jaden might make a good Static. But people didn't read the article and started freaking out anyway
Nope. Hayley is older. By about 2 months lol EDIT: I'm an idiot
Eh. Tried to make a bad joke. He's the uncle of the [Hobgoblin](/spoiler). And he's a character we know is gonna stay dead. Oh well.
Ugh. I know you aren't trying to be rude or offensive, but that was rude/offensive. You should work on that.
Wow, we'd have almost all the likeable characters involved in the political story on one side.
We're not gonna miss you, lol
I was born via C section (suck it, Macbeth) and I am extremely close to my mom. No way was it done because of any kind of ulterior motive. I guess maybe they showed it that way because they didn't really want to humanize her mom and I understand why.
Wow, I never thought of comparing them and scoffed when OP said they have a similar look but this... wow
&gt; he acknowledges it in his current tweets ....how
It's a beautiful name, yes!
She's 16.
No, that would still be cool.
Can you PM what it is?
I had to Google that.
So no Don Cheadle?
Eh. That's pretty risky honestly. I think Sun is gonna get out of prison via some kind of legit means. Maybe nearer the end of Season 2.
Lito's story was basically a Mexican action film, Kala's was a Bollywood love story, Capheus' was a Kenyan action film, Will and Nomi were basically in a conspiracy movie. Like you said, Sun is straight out of LMN just with a different setting. Wolfgang was in a mafia movie... in Germany. In the end, Riley's story is the hardest to define.
Oh God if this guy does an AMA for... Expendables 4 (?) he is so screwed
They have good shows
Yeah, it's all different stuff I guess. Makes no sense to compare
Okay continue to be bitter and I'll continue to enjoy a fandom.
It's actually okay. It's a double. It looks nothing like her. I thought it might be a double, since the actress is an actual Bollywood actress and doing a nude scene like that can cause controversy she doesn't need for her career. I know I'm getting downvoted but guys. She's like a sister to me. 😭
Kala is absolutely gorgeous and she's the purest and most innocent character on the show. That's always something I tend to love in characters. Capheus has some of that too.
*Frank Underwood voice* Power.
Statham wasn't in that scene, so I guess that's his justification for that.
[I didn't know Chris Tucker Live was an MCU installment!](http://puu.sh/ik73i/e09a2e388a.jpg)
&gt; Cameo from David Tennant's Purple Man Well we are yet to see the events of Jessica Jones. Who knows, he might die.
HELL YES
Meh. I didn't hate it. Honestly. Also they can still make it work.
VERY WRONG. VERY!!!!!!!
Ugh. There's a difference.
HAH. Yeah. :P But in all seriousness, it was a fantastic arc. And her dad is cool. :)
These are real?!?!?!! Amazing! :D
It wouldn't be the first time. We're sensitive because people think they're inferior.
True that, my man
I kinda meant Nomi's mom
They told me. It was the bus turning and slamming into the bike and the airbrushed Van Damme 'kicking'the Superpower guy off the bike
Too soon.
OH SHIT. MY LIFE IS A LIE. Oh holy crap. Time to download Safari.
Still... That doesn't give him the excuse. He's pretty much a monster to me but he can be redeemed.
I always forget how entertaining that episode was. People always cite it when hating on Gatiss and, while it's probably his weakest, it's still pretty fun! I'm starting to appreciate Series 2 in general a lot more.
Terrific
Ugh. Absolutely. It's like they forgot to give her any redeeming qualities. Like we see flashbacks with Alex, Healy, Pennstatucky, Red and other characters we were supposed to hate and we suddenly began sympathising. Cindy's flashbacks just made me like her less.
But this stemmed from the show
ahhhh okay. I just don't think he'd disappear and go on the run like that
The other guy is me. And I actually think the version he used is better. I think the mods of this sub shouldn't use the tags that you see in the sidebar (that I used) and implement the ones that /r/marvelstudios, /r/FlashTV, etc. use
Why would you want to go there? The FPH people are going there.
So... How are they going to afford Barry?
truth
Wow that's actually a really lovely way to be introduced into the faith. For curiosity, why didn't you tell your parents though? Didn't want to burden them?
I think the low budget feel of it was great. I loved the scene.
That's definitely it. Source: Am Naps boy.
I remember something on Daily Show
ok, fam
Yeah it's true. Still pushed a child out of a window though. That said. I love him and he's one of my favourites on the show
I can't believe I'm saying this but the methheads are pretty great in this episode
No. They warn you at the top of the page
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/WhatKindOfLamePowerIsHeartAnyway
Don't worry, Stick is going to train her. Heard the dude's like 99.
This needs to be it's own post.
I think this was the first death on the show that truly topped that
Oh Jesus Christ. Wait, does this mean Shona doesn't get to finish her Game of Thrones marathon? :'(
God, I really thought this was gonna happen. And now Arya is probably Matt Murdock'd up, Jon is probably dead and life sucks
Nice that he and Polly got a good thing going though. That's nice.
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; Oh my gosh, well that's awful
I know that. But I still felt sorry for her. In fact I take it back. Nobody deserves that.
That said, there's still a lot in common between the two characters I think. I hope some day, there's a Netflix Original crossover special or short or something (non-canon) where Matt Murdock is the lawyer of one of the inmates and Frank visits Litchfield.
Have you seen the series?
That dude was probably the only major guy in her life who ever treated her with some dignity...
Ew, don't say that about Justin Bieber
I need this in my life.
Eh. I don't think that's sexist. It's a generalisation for sure (which isn't good) but not a serious one.
Also, ya know, she was pregnant.
That would be great!
OH CRAP. FORESHADOWING. Oh dear God no please
His childhood seemed similar enough to Fisk's.
But she kept her other secrets pretty well!
Wow! Cool!
Someone took a bite from the bottom as well as the side
what
what. time to nope the heck out of my country. Nah. Jk. We aren't in the running. Australia still wins
Haha. Those last few episodes coming up to the end were amazing
Also Agent Blake (from Item 47). UGH. Ikr! But it probably won't be happening. :( Another thing is that the TV series have a bit of crossover with each other. Interestingly AoS seems to be a tier above Agent Carter and Daredevil as they both retroactively react to/reference AoS (Creel and Faustus) but it isn't a two way street. Similar to AoS and the movies.
Yeah I don't like it either. If you just say "Who's your favourite Doctor?" they might not know what you're talking about.
I live for Coulson at the front.
I sincerely hope May has a niece or nephew by marriage that calls her "Aunt May" even though her name is Melinda
I might, thanks!
I think I do this, just without the expectation of reciprocated feelings. And I'm pretty outright with my feelings too. I just like to have friends. Like basically the last panel happened to me but I didn't go into a hissy fit about it or even talk about my disapproval with her. Like, some of my other friends knew the heartbreak but I never used it to guilt trip
They aren't.
But. Italian dude said, "You Christopher?"
Sigh. Yeah, I think I really woke up to the characters this season. I hate Morello, Bennett and Piper and love Pennstatucky and Alex. Wow.
Ah, okay I see what you mean now. Sorry. But you could have at least used a less condescending term than "kid gloves"
&gt; good console You have now been banned from /r/pcma-- oh wait. Joking aside, yeah. PS2 really was good.
Wow, my friend pays about a third of that price for the same speed and unlimited. :( EDIT: Third world country too btw.
Wow, I see how what I said could have been misinterpreted. I meant there's a logical explanation for Black Widow not being in the pic, not there's a logical explanation for complaining.
What.
Somehow the writers on other shows I watch seem more prominent. Maybe because the subject matter of the shows are generally more nerdy
I use the apps, but there are several reasons. Gold features are one.
and a vision softly creeping, left its seeds while i was sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLm7ZAJUe5o
/r/PersonOfInterest
That's pretty cool, actually. The only reason I laughed was because when I opened the photo on RES, the bus' edge looked jagged because the photo was zoomed out. No anti-aliasing lol
like mine. :(
Or "Reading The Final Hours of Portal 2"
Everyone is going for the 18-49 demographic
how could they possibly not adapt such a major plot point into the show?
IIRC, Xbox 360 ran at 720p. PS3 ran at 1080p but not without some scaling I think
Nah, you're gonna have to settle with being Electro. Also fun fact: my parents almost named me Dillon.,
His tweets and posts seems surprisingly... teenagery. I like it.
stayin alive
I thought you said Zoe Ball at first and got so confused.
I loved that movie when I was 7 omg. I wonder if it holds up.
That one clip of Marshal's moment of desperation always made me crack up whenever they pulled it out.
Oh. Hmm. EDIT: But how exactly would max help the corporation make money?
It's not.
Maria. It's okay, i get mixed up with the names too sometimes. Once mixed up Viserys Targaryen for Varys in Game of Thrones. Haha. I always remember Maria though because her actress has a part in Person of Interest.
No, it's not that. It's people on not even 700 Club. Normal Christian shows. Like where normal Christian kids say they're ridiculed and called "Jesus freaks". I always thought that wasn't serious but once my (agnostic) friend from the US casually said someone was a "Jesus freak" and I was really disturbed. Like. That's pretty offensive. :/
Without the mask though, right?
In the MCU she's kinda too young to be his ex. That sucks but her being played by Adrianne Palicki more than makes up for it.
You should get it on the XB1 unless you're interested in building a good PC. Which you should be. :P
/u/DuHasst123 walked right into that one.
My friend has a 2K monitor that is 4:3 I believe. Though that wouldn't really be 2K
&gt;cost the same price Well there's your problem. He's wrong, but you can't provide firsthand evidence considering your Mac has lower specs than your PC. :P
That was the only thing I thought about, lol
Of course! When it's 2 AM and you're with friends and your friend has a 56" screen and Halo 4 and lots of salty snacks, that's living the dream just as much as playing a game on the PC!
Yeah, but they're not really going to get a movie on their own like the original lineup got two of.
To be fair a form like this should be PC.
Yeah that's exactly what I was trying to say lol
RemindMe! 3 days
&gt; the truth is he's probably never even been to Harrenhall and knows nothing of it or what Arya did there. ...oh shit. Okay wow this changes everything for me. I understand now. It didn't have to be him at all! I think it was, though, and when he took his own life for the Faceless God, Shona (the other Faceless Man who took Jaqen's face) became the one in charge. And blinded Arya. Which means she's screwed
&gt; Rhaegar of course would be Kit Harrington with silver hair dye or wig Heeeey, gottem
The Dawson Casting is real on Daredevil. Elden is 38 and Foggy is around 27.
&gt; budget That's the deciding factor here.
There's a new movie about this coming out called Max. It looks good.
Yeah I'll do that. I actually considered this before and went with this option.
Why isn't this getting more attention?! This is awesome!
I love it.
Ummm maybe try to recall the points I brought up earlier?
It's Mads so
Ah. Lenovo IdeaPad. I have the Y510P. And that was so satisfying. HOWEVER. My friend had the same laptop and he did this and the FREAKING BACKPLATE CAME OUT. He had to ship it back and get it replaced.
It's still way better than anything I could contribute to this subreddit.
The universe is rarely so lazy.
I went to bed around 6 something, but that was mostly because of Undertale
I'm so glad you used the "/s" there
Thing is that Sherlock spent the two years he was "dead" dismantling that network. I think it's a group of "Moriarties" in a sense. Going along with the show's common theme of hiding in plain sight, a group of criminal masterminds that Moriarty is a part of
Ahhhh I see. Maybe I'll try it now.
Change that to 50-something and make it Craig Ferguson. You've got a deal.
He's going to attempt to finish Agent Carter before Season 2 starts. I think if he catches up in time, there will also be Jessica Jones synopses and perhaps a couple movie synopses (which of course Coulson will be in). There will not be any Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. synopses until the show comes back. Then Season 3 and Season 1 synopses for AoS will resume.
I saw your post. It's completely baseless. Someone else realised someone might try tinyurl so they put that there to troll
It's because a comic like that might cost a couple thousand bucks whereas a film will inherently cost millions as well as confuse audiences. The closest you might get is what happened after the Sherlock episode yesterday. You saw John and Sherlock rushing to a crime scene at the same time as the main characters from Luther and The Fall. They banter for about a minute with what admittedly looks like chroma key and body doubles. Then it ends.
Again (I said this in another thread), Crystal Skull started setting up passing the torch but ultimately subverted it. I don't see how people get a 'passing the torch' vibe at all from that movie.
Not just that. He's actually pretty fond of Indy
It's wrong because a lot of people are portraying her in this negative light because her body is a certain way and she's aged.
we know
I did like it yeah, but I don't think it's as good as Force Awakens.
Hahaha indeed. Pshhh. I'm here as an observer. I'm not smart enough to mine for clues. I'm just playing Undertale frightened out of my mind
Imagine Season 4 being Secret Warriors with Season 1 callbacks galore. I'd love it.
Sucks that some people don't care about the shows because each show is unique and strictly non-formulaic.
When you said "run button" I didn't realise you meant FLEE and thought there was a sprint button I didn't know about. Thought it was Skyrim all over again.
Someone on Tumblr wrote a pretty nice write-up on why her being resurrected was a good choice storywise. Can't find it though. :/
Hayley could do it! She's already deleted her Twitter account! :(
I'm pretty sure that's not canonical and is just used as a framing device for the multiplayer.
You dumbass. The Zimbabwean dollar was introduced in the 1980s
Holy crap
Gannon is Flowey confirmed
A millennium??? How do you figure?
Your maths is wrong.
Noooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!! 3 billion or flop! /s
The worst ending
Why
Wow that was a nice story even though I understood pretty much 10% of it.
Why would you only play games released from six months ago to now? Also Arkham Knight came out before six months ago
I didn't know I was in the game Remember Me or that Black Mirror Series 1 finale
But... uh... they did make quite a few obvious Doctor Who references on Jessica Jones. Also, it's not like Malekith and Kilgrave would or could ever be in the same scene whereas it is 100% certain that Strange and Stark will have multiple scenes together
Thanks, Quesada
Oh hi Oscar
Ugh. This is why I can't connect with Friends like I can with some other sitcoms. Season 10 Joey is just plain dumb that it's painful. Earlier seasons had Joey be just fine, just a little slow, not outright stupid like that. Still love Pheobe's wedding though. And everything with and about Mike.
Light seems like he's the type to be /r/iamverysmart on social media.
cat
Awesome! :')
Ooh nice price too. None in small brown though. :(
You were 100% correct.
Yeah it could work like Obi Wan mocking him with that title
Jar Jar is the key to all this
Whoa!!! That's so cool! :)
Relevant username
I don't think there's any way to improve it really
Oh God someone make Undyne into the fish meme please.
Omg I love it. So jealous. And happy birthday!
&gt; it's just another sci-fi movie that just happens to exist in the Star Wars universe I hope this is what Rogue One will be like. Maybe one character who believes in the Force. Speculation over the Jedi but no lightsabers or usage of the Force.
I know Chris and love his videos and I've seen Plinkett referenced a lot but I still have no idea who he is
I didn't ask for that last part but I'm glad it exists
I mean. Look at the entries for iCarly. I had a great time reading that last night.
Alright, Big Deal. What title would you give it?
In a modern sense anyway.
&gt;Disney and Marvel used the same strategy for their new Spider-Man by casting Tom Holland early in order for him to cameo in “Captain America: Civil War” before appearing in his own film. I like how they completely left Sony out of the equation. No, I think it's legitimately hilarious
Yeah. Ed Norton was actually a great Bruce Banner imo
I know!
Yeah, I kept screaming at them to go with Dogaressa first haha
It's a glitch, I believe.
Yeah. I definitely believe she's in the right here for sure. He did something really creepy. It's still really sad though.
I will consume pretty much anything live-action that Marvel Television puts out these days so I'm hyped for Iron Fist despite not knowing a single thing about him.
Tiny? He seems to have everything in order! I'm genuinely happy for him.
I was so confused the first time that showed up
&gt; Ask them if they would ever consider working on a MCU television property. They already have. Agent Carter.
Not just Norway. Literally everywhere but Canada and the US. Also. Don't use Hola.
OH no, you misunderstand. Never meant to imply that!
[Donald Faison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BXEvmWbeC8)
It's one of the most horrifying things in the game. I love it.
Most impressive...
To me, it's been obsolete for centuries.
I'm gonna set up my new PC (FX 6300, R9 380) with a 1024x768 CRT monitor.
Where's Waldo
Oh yes! It is awesome. :)
Seems like you need to play Undertale!
Lucky.
I'm glad you're enjoying it!
It's other aspects of graphics now that'll push things forward and make it more realistic. Not triangles. But yeah I can't predict the future. I just THINK Avatar will hold up for decades.
http://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/dec/31/george-lucas-attacks-retro-star-wars-the-force-awakens
I sure don't. Tryin to make a change /-:
See the way I did it was to embolden the synopses series that you're posting in. So the movies here should be bold.
GASTER IS SNOKE
Hello darkness my old friend...
It's a reference to the first episode of The Flash. Where Ronnie and Caitlin say their Honeymoon plans are Tahiti. The pilot was probably making a minor reference
Welp. Clearly you are not the intended audience.
Yeah, those were really well-received. Btw, you should totally ask the mods here for "I do CrossFit" flair.
Oops! You dropped the title mystery! Drat!
How is that "more" against their TOS than proxies??? They literally have a system set up for five different people to watch Netflix on the same account and for three people to watch at the same time.
Oh my gosh, was it really like that? lol
Donna Noble has left the Library. Donna Noble has been saved.
No
Yes, but the PC guy got all high and mighty and started writing long paragraphs making a pointless argument.
wait you commented that BEFORE he died?
me
why
I just... I can't even take the Japanese voice acting and awful subtitles seriously. Couldn't they just take the words from the English dub and use that as the subtitles as opposed to the Engrish-esque translation on screen!??!?
VO meaning Japanese?
as a kid, I loved YuGiOh. And I think the Death Note dub is spectacular tbh
I'll try it@
So, your speculation on something led you to make a comment that definitively states that she left because of that. The fanbase was very nice to her on Twitter from when I started following her more closely and she was very nice to them. Otherwise, she could just abandon the account and barely tweet at all. Instead, she filmed many videos, posted many photos and generally interacted with fans in a very friendly manner.
I am really glad they're facing the race thing head-on honestly.
When Nelson and Murdock expand their business.
Your opinion.
Link?
Jar Jar is the key to all this
Oh yeah I totally get what you mean
Undertale profile pic. She's pretty awesome in my book.
&gt; /r/doctorwhp a Doctor Who /r/ooer? Sign me up
AoS is pretty character-driven now. But you're right if you say plot is an equally important thing on AoS. And it's a pretty solid, serial plot too. I love it.
January 2016. It's two months after the crossover. However, no plot elements related to Arrow or Flash appear apart from those involved with Vandal Savage. Once you've seen both episodes of the crossover, you'll be just fine. We see some Ghosts and that's literally it.
Eh. I understand. It wasn't an amazing pilot like Flash or Arrow but I can tell they're going to take the show in a very interesting direction.
Your post is not helping at all. In fact, I like the theory posts. It's a hell of a lot more fun than this
I used to hate both of those fonts but ever since playing Undertale, I kind of love them. It still sucks seeing the names of the Apostles carved in woodin Comic Sans in the columns of my church though. Like, that's not appropriate.
Wow, what a needlessly-aggressive article.
Well I was heavily convinced already in this and another thread.
O crap, that would have gotten more attention if it was posted after S3A
Enjoy. It's such an amazing game.
crap. I have a 212 evo for it and not gonna overclock for the foreseeable period.
I saw the coffee filters on the NewEgg video hahaha. And alright, thanks. It doesn't have to be anything special, right?
In that case, all those things may be fake
So you're saying hating is a good thing?
He's good at the bullet hell stuff. Not so great at some of the other things hahahaha
Mix between Sans and Frisk?
But that's actually good parenting? She shouldn't allow her boys to see this movie
The title says [US]. This post is about and for the US.
This is like the worst news ever. I hope it doesn't happen in my region.
I tried my darn best to make that as non-sexual as possible.
At least the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. writers ship it
Hah. It makes sense that they made that the Stan Lee cameo because the cameo in the movie involves getting drunk.
Holy crap, that article treats Whedon as the showrunner and mentions Maurissa and Jed as "co-writers of the pilot". No wonder so many people think it's a Joss Whedon show.
While I definitely don't like how OnBenchNow treats characters like Laurel, I don't see how someone from Tumblr doing them will really benefit.
* That panel with the fatpeoplehate reference was funny. Because yeah, screw fat jokes tbh. * Fitz's "basically... Illuminati confirmed" is still one of my favourite moments from these * Thanks for the Skyrim hint. I wasted like 10 lockpicks trying to pick this one thing and just took the long way around instead. Except... I have no idea how to grind lockpicking. * "hentai night" i'm ded
That said... how did you not know? Haha, it's everywhere.
&gt;I haven't played that so I can't say. What I can say is the story is sad, touching, funny, and heartfelt. It's a pure masterpiece of interactive storytelling Literally the same can be said about Life is Strange imo :)
Yeah... The consistency in the Arrowverse isn't the best. It's pretty bad, actually. But the shows are still awesome so I overlook it.
Okay guys, we're not gonna do it.
It's basically a thing everywhere but US and Canada. And it shouldn't be??? Because WhatsApp, iMessage, etc. are pretty much objectively better than texting in every way...
omg I want to know too
i think Iron Man was mentioned!
Honestly, not that many
It's a joke
Those are just essentially orange ones mixed with blue ones. They could go all the way and just make them purple or another easy to see colour
But not with development.
Isn't that an amazing figure though
Jessica Jones already displaced a ton of people with a single Netflix season and I love it. Peggy is probably gonna snag her place though.
I won't tell you what's there but it's one of the most important story parts in the game and it's completely missable. It's also one of the most emotional parts.
:(
Holy crap everyone reads him as Markiplier indeed! ...except Jacksepticeye. For some reason he just did a robotic voice then a really flamboyant thing for EX
The drawing of Alphys in this makes it
Whoa calm down. Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Guardians of the Galaxy were amazing movies, two of the best in the genre. But they didn't change superhero movies forever. At this point, almost nothing can.
I think it was clearly a SpongeBob reference by Toby hahaha
k
Relevant flair
Only for like an hour though
YES. YESSSSSSSSS. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I love how it's "President" of the Underground EDIT: OH MY GOD THE SECOND ONE. HOLY CRAP, THEY DEFINITELY HAVE A PRIOR CONNECTION. CRAAAAAP
I think you're really underselling the quality of those episodes. They were expansive and vast and developed the characters really well. I would much rather watch those than a lot of the MCU movies but then again, I am biased towards the TV shows in general.
Exactly. People can still make any reaction videos they want. They just wanted to expand their specific series and realised the only way to do that was through other creators. When I saw the video, I was actually excited. I thought it'd be cool to have that in my country.
Hella no.
I saw lots of Seasons 1 to 4 just randomly syndicated on TV bit tried to watch Season 5 properly and disliked it. From the little I saw of Season 6, I actually really liked. What's been happening since then?
Oh yeah, Master of None probably nails it more than House of Cards with regards to feeling like a film. Wider aspect ratio, purely cinematic camerawork, details that I don't think I've seen any show pay attention to before. They don't have to use any special effects, they don't have to pay actors as much, they don't have to use any CGI, all of which are expenses to House of Cards.
I should've watched JSE's Tube Tycoon. Sounds fun.
Are you in the completely wrong subreddit? Also I'd say they're pretty on par with each other.
The architecture was definitely Arkham series inspired. Other than that, not really.
That's actually how I first learned what Max Headroom even was! Haha
Because he's ETHAN BRADBERRY
He's officially not a teenager anymore! Happy birthday, Tom! :D
Reddit's SEO is boss
Omg which have you done so far.
Oh I understand now! Perlmutter and friends really saved the company, wow.
Omg that sounds amazing actually. Wow, really wanna join now ;-
Yeah, it's pretty clear but... I fear cutting those scenes may have actually been trimming the fat tbh. The Africa plot in itself was one of my big gripes of the film. The movie could have stood to lose it imo.
It's funny the amount of people who have agreed to watch the ABC and Netflix Marvel shows, and Gotham because "it can't be worse than Arrow"
Ain't a company. It's most likely a CGI artist doing this in their spare time. That's what "John Smith" did. He made multiple CGI videos for Doctor Who that were amazing.
Wow okay. I need to read that book and watch this! I hope this indicates a long partnership between Anderson and Fuller.
bar
lol it u
Haha no! It's just different compression to help the video fit on the medium.
Guess you'll have to buy it. It's on Netflix here
Lol his Twitter bio gives me life
(Cuts back to game) Jon: So, what you're actually supposed to do is look at the painting from a distance, lemme go ahead and break that down for ya Jon: You're supposed to look at the painting, from a distance, walk up to it quickly, and scuttle through it. This is clearly the obvious. Jon: So after ALL THIS NONSENSE you turn off the water and you can finally exit the grate in the first area to enter the game's overworld. In game text: Oh great. The grate's stuck. Cool! What a great grate. My great great grandfather father had a grate that was greater than this though. It didn't have all the rust that this one had. Jon: Oh great. The grate's stuck. Cool! What a great grate. My great great grandfather father had a grate that was greater than this thou- (Fake vomits) (game cuts to nightshade overworld) Jon: Jeez, this is a BIG overworld. How'd they fit so much on this little cartridge? In fact, it seems everyone around Nighshade's town requires some sort of saving or another. (Game cuts go burning building with girl at the top) Game text: (Girl): *Help! Save me! Jon: (Falsetto) HELP! SAVE ME! (Camera zooms in on girl's game icon, which seems to be normal and happy despite the fact she is in a burning building.) Jon: Well, you're oddly normal and complacent for someone who's about to die a fiery DEATH! U KNO? (Game: Nighshade running around burning building) Jon: OH!!!! OOOOH!!! OH!!! YOU'RE- OHMGOD! JUST STEY UP DERE! JUST STAY UP! IM COMIN RIGHT UP! OH JEEZ! (Game: Victory music plays while Nightshade falls down with Girl on a parachute from the burning building) Game Text: Oh Nightshade, my hero! Jon: (Falsetto) (reads game text) Jon: Aw shit. Well I guess that's it. Aw man. (Nightshade leaves burning building area) Jon: Okay so this is one of those games that gives you NO FEEDBACK WHATSOEVER. Jon: I'm just going around doing random things waiting for something to happen! But oh my luck, it never does. (game: Jon meets a giant rat enemy) Jon: Oh, youknow, a giant rat. Jon: Oh god, did he just sneeze at me? GROESS. Jon: FUCK IT I AINT ABOVE PUNCHIN RATS! YEAHHHH! (Laugh track plays) (Game cuts to a guy saying DUHHHH and then the same man is beating up an old lady) (Music cuts out and it zooms in on the event) (Jon has no expression so he does the meme face, this one) (Action music plays and Jon takes the Nightshade cartridge) (He takes it to his garage and throws it against the wall) Jon: IM SICK OF YER SHIT! (Jon takes Mjolnir and smashes the cartridge) (The mjolnir breaks) Jon: Slow motion speech plays while he breaks the hammer, and then he lies down holding the hilt of the hammer, using it as a microphone. Jon: (Smashes Nightshade cartridge until it breaks with a chair) Jon: (Smashes cartridge with a scooter and then screen cuts to him using broken hammer as a microphone) (Video slows down and it shows jon on a spaceship heading through space) (Jon heads towards the sun and dies) (Cuts to post-video) Jon: Wanna keep up to date with my things? Well go to twitter.com/Jontronshow/follow! Jon: (slurred) Thanks for watching! I don have much to day. Go watch game grumps if ya havent. You can click any of the annotations to go. Don't stress, it's optional. (video ends)
tbh i always see you respond to this mentioning him and i just thought it was a meme and accepted it
0/10 not WatchMojo
What's this?! A JonTron meme I didn't know about????? I must forfeit my Sailor Card
It's alright, but I don't love it. I think what we have going right now is just fine, especially the flairs. Scaling would be a bitch for such an elaborate setup, wouldn't it?
I know I'm not supposed to comment because I came here from /r/bestof but I just had to say that this story was so immensely heartwarming and I'm just crying a lot right now. I'm so happy your life and his life turned out fine. I'm so glad this had a happy ending. You read some really horrible things here on Reddit but this gave me a lot of hope and... I don't like to admit this on Reddit, but I'm... not always happy. But this brightened me up a lot. Thank you for this story and I wish you both the best.
Really? I thought that was one of the best parts.
And yet lots of people on here act as if it's going to change everything
Nah, that's the new host of Top Gear. Chris Evans is Joey from Friends.
In this case I was actually thinking of Peter Pratt, the second Master
&gt;the "last big song of the entire series" This is surprising because Jonah and Greg mentioned that when they started developing the pilot that they had the final scene and song planned out. Means that they changed the ending they had in their heads. Could be a great thing. We saw with HIMYM that sticking to an ending you had at the beginning of the series is not always the best plan. Also, I can't answer the question in the OP. It's impossible. This show has shaped my taste in music since I've started watching it.
This is amazing.
Watch it. It's worth it.
No
Lots of people have made the petitions. But the show is finished. It is literally done filming and editing. The story will be finished in three weeks.
I've played by the rules long enough...
&gt; Sans isn't a boss monster. that's unpopular?!
I created it
&gt; Jimmi Simpson's a regular on Westworld for Jonah Nolan WHOA. I DID NOT KNOW THIS. This makes me so happy! I love him in House of Cards and POI. So glad he hasn't been typecast as a McPoyle type. His HoC and POI characters have similar skill sets but other than that are pretty damn different.
As someone who loves to run references into the ground (I'm a /r/JonTron user), I just haven't gotten the motivation to watch Rick and Morty yet because of these reasons
Yeah...
OK but I'm gonna play some LA Noire first. Never played it, got it for cheap a few months back.
You need to get an MCU friend who you can fangirl with and go to the movies with!
Well he's on the run. We know that much
Yup, what a concept. I could use a little sight myself.
I saw Jim Sterling play this and it actually looks good.
Smh.
Seems like code for Auto Moderator to remove comments that are offensive?
Also Tony Curran played Odin's dad as well as Finn Cooley in Daredevil. We all thought Powers Boothe would be someone different but he wasn't and that makes it all the better. The actress who plays Steve's date at the fair in Cap1 is later Peter Quill's mom. Oh yeah. And White Power Bill and Melvin Potter have the same actors.
Font...? He uses multiple different fonts for different characters! Haha
Holy crap!!!! I would scream if Doctor Who got nominated. Peter, Steven, and Rachel need that recognition. Series 9 was so good...
It is one of the best scenes but it's still just one scene.
Musical coughs sounds like a kind of attack from Undertale.
How is it like Flash Gordon though????
I can't believe I missed this by 20 minutes! I love your channel. In the off chance that he comes back, will you be doing more Undertale videos? Or was the backlash at the last one enough to quit? :P
There's something you should know so I'm going to tell you so. So don't sweat it, forget it, enjoy the show!
Good tbh. It's being taken down for bullying/harassment which is definitely what happens in the video.
Does he? He said that Mel Gibson told him that his career would take a dive and he was right. That's all I thought he said.
He portrays the character so serious but with a nuance I can't see anyone else pulling off. Probably my favourite Reese moment is from The Devil's Share when despite Finch having a speech about why Reese shouldn't shoot, he shoots anyway. The gun doesn't go off because his own blood jammed it. If that doesn't describe John Reese, I don't know what does.
Person of Interest is my favourite show. I really hope he goes back to Hollywood movies after.
What?
Reports have said Chitauri
I was joking about that last part. :P I really hope this joke continues and they don't acknowledge it. Like we just know it's coming every time they have a "vomit bowl" and it happens.
Do you think it fit Avatar?
He meant in the subreddit style
memories
I enjoyed this filler. It's sort of like Person of Interest where the filler is entertaining and adds to the show rather than, say, The Flash where it just chops up the good stuff.
I hope it's not forced and there's an option. My laptop runs it really well but I can't see it running a remaster really well (although I can see my desktop doing as such)
Pal Amigo? Actually, my dad knows him!
Thanks :) Will they use the same Steam Cloud saves?
OHHHHHHHH just like Arkham Remastered! Except Bethesda seems to actually still care about PC gamers. Ah and that's why it's free. Because nobody's really going to buy the game again on PC especially when there are lots of graphical mods! Having it free for those who already have the game helps build hype as well.
Never played it. What happened?
Damn! You beat me to it by about 20 seconds!
Thank you for explaining. Don't they pump out a new Dark Souls every year though?
Steam doesn't let you launch games that have updates pending until you update it.
I said "should be". And that rule means no Digital Homicide games then...
Good :\^)
Apparently that's what he said
:(
Probably to avoid having to reshoot those scenes with Toby
The Beatles at my favourite band. But in terms of modern "indie music" apart from the Strokes I LOVE Metric.
I LOVE Comedown Machine, man.
We should have a poetry competition at which poets read or recite original work with /u/xandan.
Real.
That was truly truly awful omg
That was Arin's house.
Well he did walk down the street with the boom box in the suit but that's about it
That must be so flattering!
I just realised this post has the Serious tag. I love how either Jon, his team, or both know the culture of the sub well enough to know you have to put a serious tag. (Not that Jon actually posting ever needed it.)
Arkham Knight combat ruined combat in the other Arkham games for me.
Yeah I didn't get the hate at first either but after starting to play the game regularly it did annoying. But not annoying enough for me to hate her.
yay friendship
That's because of where you live. I know Christian, Hindu, Muslim, and Atheist homophobes.
Hail HYDRA
He's a popular gif source, so
It was originally going to be titled that
Aw man really got my hopes up there
It is!
Yeah sorry I'm an idiot and jumped the gun. Just that the reveal of Finch, Reese, and Shaw's names were always something I looked forward to.
Soon we'll see the BONE TO PICK skeleton come back as a complete detailed CGI character motion captured and voiced by Andy Serkis.
Basically reality was manipulated to get Peter and MJ un-married and they have "one more day" together. Or something.
FANTASTIC
I mean, Michael was talking generally about scenes with the Machine but there are many of those that are very dramatic "....Did you know?" Shaw's scene with Gen is mostly cute but it's character-defining if not dramatic.
The character swears. He doesn't swear personally. Like if I'm talking to someone, I don't swear. But if I'm reading something aloud, I might.
It's an Arrested Development reference. But yes, it means Mama's Boy. But the joke is supposed to be awkward.
&gt;there is a giant ship with a rapping dog about to hit an iceberg FTFY
It's also strange Sarah picked that because this is her first action role as opposed to the others who have had action stuff before.
That sounds awesome.
No, they were trying to flip a water bottle onto a table upright
That's one of the most high school things I've ever seen. It must be so funny to them. Just exited that time of their life recently only to be pulled back into it for a movie.
Arkham Origins and Injustice are great.
Holy crap I loved the Scooby-Doo movies
Yes it is. Season 4 of Arrow has zero bearing on this
Quesada
[You can do more with CGI in animation.](https://youtu.be/OqBKRFWdjaY)
you smart you loyal ~ FaultyFloorboard ----- [^^Info](https://github.com/trambelus/UserSim) ^^| [^^Subreddit](/r/User_Simulator)
+/u/User_Simulator your_mind_aches
my friends dropped me back home after Finding Dory and I was eating popcorn in the car and I almost choked on a piece of kernel. So I literally Heughed today
&gt;Matt Hoss Again. Who?
i have no idea what this is
Thank u freiend so much
&gt; Unlike lots of such finales though Whoa throwing shaaaaaaade
Wow... I don't understand why? It's just a game suggestion. A suggestion of a game that is rated overwhelmingly positive on the store even.
many
It's still down lol
Forgot to summon /u/sadcatpanda. Yo, Vic the Dick is coming to the MCU! :D
Thanks!
How much XP do you get from buyung games again? 1 to 2 right?
Glory greatest country! I've seen Jacksepticeye's Let's Play and have wanted the game ever since.
It's probably the only 3D game where I'm okay with 30 fps.
I'd like to enter this one! :D
Not entering but OHHHHHHH YESSSSSS
Mattpat is a gorgeous man ;_;
Happy cake day OP! You got a phone two years after joining Reddit! I suggest the Sync and Relay apps.
I mean... when you close a window you're not "supposed to" be offline. It's convenience to have it running in the background, not an annoyance. I've literally never heard of your problem before... lol
Huh. Alright. I use my phone all the time. Pretty much essential at this poit.
Far Cry 4!
I loved Claire and Harper. And Logan!
Samaritan got him
More like Mark Zuckerberg. Not quite Bill Gates. But up there. Finch is nearly Bill Gates rich probably in one of his aliases ALONE.
Same!
OH YAY I THOUGHT I MISSED IT HAPPY BIRTHDAY ETHAN
....does a tutorial fail when you need a map to understand it? And does the map fail when you still don't understand? Haha
Summoning /u/hydraulicpresschanne
We both watched Arrow (I've seen you around before) and I don't think anyone made fun of "Let's face it. This is a Suicide Squad." Everyone just thought it was cool. It's not that it was awful, it's just the fact that it was in the trailer and it's easy bait. Just light fun.
Because it's gloriously hilarious in how horrible it is.
Wait there's a /r/JonTron Discord??????
I was on mobile data and it was sending for like 2 whole minutes wow
Idk the song's tune by heart and I could never hope to match Geddy Lee's glorious voice ;n;
I WANT YOU BACK
Thanks so much :') I really want to get into watching CSGO but I have NO idea where to start.
Indeed
Jesus Christ. No. I Googled different sections of the lyrics and didn't find anything back when the post was new. Scepticism is a wonderful and important freedom but don't overdose on it.
Now that's a bribe a reasonable person can understand!
.... I just hope Prelude stays up. I love that game.
\*scans* Oh thank God, I'm not in this. Now I can read it.
I am a fairly new fan and I never understood the Starcade hate. I watched them and loved them. Maybe this is why.
o
SNAPPED IN HOW MANY? 10?
I hope I'm eligible. I bought the game in the sale and want to get it for my friend too. :/ 683 http://steamcommunity.com/id/UnitThree
Ah screw you man, I love Angles and Comedown Machine
Yes I am tbh
ACOUPLEHUNDREDOFEM
Clearly a Superman/Smallville expy
Whoaaaa! Awesome!
I can't believe my shitpost inspired so many more. :')
:)
Omg tiz i here already :)
What is this from
