Prohibitive cost vs value, underwhelming build quality, lack luster styling and performance. GM hasn't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years.
Looks like fun, AWD yes? Can hardly call it a Volkswagen anymore though.
An E30. I won't argue the downvotes, it was a little rude. I guess I'm bored because of the super boring Jetta. Does no one drive interesting cars anymore?
If you insist on subjecting yourself to bottom tier performance and craftsmanship that's fine. But don't expect the community at large to share in your fanaticism.
A remake? Absolutely not! A Sequel? Maaaaaaayyyybe. I could see Johnson take the helm. Hell theres already source material for continuing the story.
Thats what I said. Also the sequel script has been kicking around for years, it was turned into a comic book. They could surely tweak it to include El Roca.
Amazing.
Find a complimentary smell that you like and gradually overpower the purple stinky punch.
Are we still letting Audi consider itself a luxury brand? They've become nothing more than expensive Volkswagen. For when you *need* to drive a Volkswagen but can afford a little more so you aren't *seen* driving a Volkswagen. Benz is a 70 year old man in a Top Hat and tails with an aging trophy wife in one hand and a Martini full of roids and Viagra in the other. BMW is the handsome young yuppy douche bag jockstrap looking for his first ex-wife who everyone loves to hate. Most people would trade places with either given the chance.
Upset? You lack the significance necesarry to be upsetting. More like annoying. Now do you think you could stop pestering me you redneck piece of shit.
&gt;far more thoroughly than being yelled at on the internet. Especially considering he can't hear any yelling at the moment.
Looks like a LeMons car.
I'm confused, I see a window, it looks like the panel is on the ceiling but I also see outlets and a light switch. Anyway it sort of looks like the light board you use to look at x-rays and transparencies.
Wes Anderson is a boring pretentious hack.
8 Days wow, surprised it hasn't sold yet.
The target audience isn't the Accord anymore. Those guys go Acura now days. I don't know what the target market IS for that car but its not who it used to be, they've moved to other, better options.
My dad had an 86 El Camino with a built small block in it that he took off a friend for about $700. I wanted that car so bad but he wouldn't sell it to me, said I would kill myself or someone else in it. he was probably right. My first ended up being an 83 TBird Turbo that HE wrecked a week after I bought it. I still bust his balls about that.
In the past squad cars would have accuracy certified speedometers and police were trained to measure your speed based on relative speed to their own vehicle. A lot of places still do this.
Am I missing something? Whats shitty?
&gt;By 1993, the existing Mustang had started to get a little long in the tooth, and as a result Ford made efforts to mix up the car’s design to appeal to a fresher market. &gt;Prior to that, Ford had transformed the Mustang into a front-wheel drive sports car that looked more like a European saloon than the infamous muscle car, leading to an intense backlash from fans. The article has some facts out of order. The front-wheel drive model they're referring to *was* a Mustang concept but negative feedback led Ford to go opt for the Panther platform instead giving us the Fox Body Mustang. The FWD concept ended up being a Ford Probe. The Fox Body ended its cycle in '93 and the SN95 was well into final prep and production when that happened. Shitty journalist.
Ok, I get that. Its still what appears to be a standard issue stock R33, its neither shitty nor modded so......
Just looks like repairs to me. No discernible patterns.
Maybe you should be careful. Same platform, Panther is an umbrella term as it predates Fox and Fox is merely a SWB variation therein. Shit journalist.
R34 had bigs and smalls R32 had an intermediate light between the brake lights.
It is when its reclaimed.
LOL. Here's a [Spider](http://www.alfaclassics.de/tl_files/alfaclassics/fahrzeuge/alfa_spider_2_0_fastback.jpg).
Only back to R31?
Nope. Looks good to me.
Was it an eccentric vehicle or a mundane car? Also where did you see it, US, Euro, etc.
Not in 95. First gen Neons had great transaxles and the 2DR is SUPER light. Which is a great base for forced induction.
If I had to go "Crappy car" I choose you, Toyota Echo. Surprisingly light and its just awkwardly ugly enough to be endearing. I picture a full suspension suite, a throaty high flow exhaust and ITB's. Maybe a notchy short shifter.
Not having a sun/moon roof.
~~W20 MR2. Porsche 914 . SA RX7, S30 Z(Scarab).~~ Shit just noticed you need a 4 Seater. Okay than........ Volvo 200 series, W115 Benz, Series 1 Jag XJ (lots of existing kits for these), Type 2 Vanogan.
I'm seeing GPS tracker a lot but the unit 1 sticker makes me wonder. I'm thinking it might just be a wireless diagnostic adapter used at a shop that someone forgot to remove.
Distracting and heavy.
Its simply a fact of life that some people have poor taste. They just like shitty ugly things and thats ok. They tend to flock together and it keeps them busy and away from me.
Looks like the barrel of a pin connector, 14-16 gauge.
That color is fantastic!
Sure it will. "We really mean it this time guys"
You're going to want to replace that motor, I would recommend a crate motor of the same type. So it will be important to know what motor is in it when you start shopping. This will essentially resolve any issues the truck had or has under the hood. But its also important to consider the whole truck, is it really worth the money and the effort. Because honestly the investment to fix it **right** is probably pretty competitive with simply buying another clean example of the same or similar truck, a 96 F150 is not exactly rare nor high demand, they're everywhere and they're cheap.
[Noooooooooooooo](http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/1/14520/1271712-batman_dead_robin.jpg)
Surprising lack of penises.
Right so he installed them wrong and presumably test drove it? Might have damaged something driving it like that.
It feel like it would be good to leave it in the top five. Its not as if it will be there forever AND its good as an example of good community response. nevermind that OP was a faggot, its everyone elses response thats important.
I just want to see my flair.
A fair point but is the one on the other side attatched to the doors? Cause for that kind of money you could easily do the powered ones and have the function available for the back seat on the drivers side too. Maybe its actually a structural thing for the doors.
Ok. Well if you want it fixed right and better than before it died, go with a Crate Long Block, lots of suppliers out there and it should be comparatively easy for your mechanic.
Where's the Astro Glide dispenser?
Isn't that the same two Red Porsches from the first image?
Awesome car and I miss mine everyday, never should have sold it. That being said they aren't *that* rare. I see them for sale all the time.
The objective word being "Everyday" performance car, the answer is non-existent. Everyday transportation will be autonomous and self driven, especially I.C.E. powered vehicles will be a luxury/hobby item only usable in select rural areas and private property like tracks.
&gt;but that would never happen in my car or any car I've tried it in. What are the odds. First fix your hand brake. Second, they're the same thing and they're supposed to be able to lock up the wheels. Back before the days of cheap traction control and ABS the "Emergency Brake" was viable option in certain "Oh Shit" moments. Also parking on unlevel ground. Now days you'll more commonly hear it referred to as a park brake because its become the least efficient option in an "Oh Shit" moment.
Adjusts the brightness of your instrument lights.
Put that on a resume.
That's not a wagon. But it is *AMAZEBALLS!*
I didn't mean new.
Did you try either of the cars I actually recommended. Also repairs which are more expensive are never happen are still cheaper than cheap repairs that happen all the time.
Bizarre. Should plop this down in /r/weirdwheels
... why?
Looks like a Yiff wagon. Wear gloves, goggles and a breather if you so much as go near it.
Texas portapotty. Just insert the conveniently located spout into your anus and shit to your hearts content.
Go electric man. Its gotten super cheap and easy to do the conversion and the Metro is a prime candidate. They can even be wicked fast and still economical.
I know what you mean. Have you considered a sport bike motor? Busa maybe.
Faraday cage to block incoming transmissions?
Is the Cougar really a ford over there?
The perfect gift for the effeminate Nazi Biker in your life.
And yet still they suffer the affliction that is the Cougar. So sad.
I'm not a scene fanatic, I have love for all types, they all have their niche and pros and cons. I strongly dislike GM because they haven't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years, but the only badge I loathe and would *never* support is Chrysler. Just too many poor choices, too many lost opportunities and too much wasted potential, nevermind all the feelings of disappointment and betrayal. Their only saving grace now days is Dodge and even that is a mixed bag of weird moments and fuckups.
I recommend fuel filter and plugs before starting. Maybe even a tank flush, the fuel is probably like sewer water, thats not even considering the possibility of destabilized ethanol eating up the fuel pump and lines.
Looks like an imitation [Smith &amp; Wesson.](http://www.shoppingwarehouse.net/prod-36039.html?src=gaw_mc&amp;src1=sw&amp;src2=gbase&amp;gclid=CMP3u4DZhMYCFdcUgQodzQIARQ)
Its not a vert top, looks like its the original Vynil covered top.
It looks like a rip strip. Like how some containers have a strip of material sewn into the closing, so you can grab and pull it and it pops the stitches and opens the container. I can't imagine what would need something that heavy duty to close though.
Meh its a french Sebring. I mean I'm sure it gets the job done but, and nothing personal here, who cares its a sebring. Than theres this. &gt;[Marchionne’s motives regarding securing a suitor may not be clear, but some analysts are sensing his desperation. Whether that worry is authentic or contrived, the best approach here might be for executives to simply wait and see.](http://www.autotrends.org/2015/06/10/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-no-takers/)
Right on. I think its because I can't make out the C pillar.
Probably better off with a 10K P71. PD Fleet services addresses a lot of issues and makes a lot of improvements in the first 6 months on the road.
I think a lot of this comes down to a materials/cost issue. There are certainly a lot of new interesting things manufacturers could do from a styling perspective but most would entail the use of new materials and technology. Which would have to be integrated into existing manufacturing and supply infrastructures, which drives up build cost and in turn consumer cost. Now you're competing in a different segment and you cost/value ends up slipping. It can be done but its risky and must be done very carefully. Ford is a good of doing this right over the past decade or so.
So when it fails what are his options? Do you guys have a green sticker ohv program or anything?
Maybe its where I live but the typical mustang driver is a man in late fifties who could find the speed limit if his life depended on it. The typical Prius driver is a soccer mom who's in a god damn rush to get everywhere and figures she's gettign such great gas mileage she can afford to gun it. nine times out of ten when someone passes me on the fwy doing ludicrous speed (I'm doing 80 in a 70) its a fucking Prius.
V6.... probably an automatic. Have fun in your less practical or comfortable Taurus.
They're out there enjoying their shit, probably not even aware of the trash talker crowd. Most of the time it seems like the only ones who end up feeling bad are the guys who sit in the hater circlejerk telling each other how stupid the other guy is.
Except that this isn't shitty its fucking Photoshopped so how can it be anything? *This* post is specifically about shit talking an individual. Its not a commentary on style or craftsmanship, its OP calling someone out for being different. The only thing shitty in here is peoples behavior.
[356 Coupe](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/31/3c/08/313c08db00b6dc2a8de711da18a389d9.jpg)
There aren't necessarily any visual cues you could really rely on as being accurate and consistent. At least none that you yourself haven't already hit on. Honestly it comes down to a certain amount of knowledge and familiarity. Spend some time reading up. When you notice a car you think is interesting make a note of what it is and do some research.
Do you not? Do you even understand the concept? Every car has camber.
Lots of good advise ITT. As a car guy and knowing car guys I would think your Grandfather would really enjoy imparting knowledge on you. Tell'm straight up that you know next to nothing and ask a lot of questions. He'd probably love to point things out and explain things.
A lot of electrical stuff, C.O.P.s are notorious on the modular V8, power steering lines tend to be blow the fuck up in the first year for some reason, little things like that.
The fact that it has zero degrees of camber is not the same as not having Camber. Camber is a measurement that is applicable to ALL vehicles. The fact that this shit has to be explained to you retards shows that you're not qualified to have an opinion on the matter.
Sort of like a Sex Swing.
Look. If you want a Mustang, buy a proper Mustang. If you want a v6 to save gas, get an economy car. Why buy a car thats bad at two things and good at none? It just doesn't make any sense.
I remember this, didn't the cop end up getting in trouble cause he was on duty.
TIL some car enthusiasts got into the hobby because of a deep seated hatred for all cars, especially their own.
Another reason I like the Battlewagon scene. They go offroading in snow and *gasp*, run tires appropriate to snow. Unlike the hillbillies that run 14" wide swampers on their 24" lifted pickups and die a cold and slow, if not deserved, death..... I sound a little bitter......
That is commitment to a joke. A mediocre joke. What did it used to be, is it a golf?
I've heard [the legends](http://uploads.neatorama.com/images/posts/222/58/58222/1360556428-0.jpg), like a swampy Squatch I never thought I'd see evidence of his existence.
Thats sort of a dubious open ended question. Theres a million answers and they all sort of entail imparting the entirely of ones knowledge and experience. In a single response lol. Try a more finite question, or at least narrow it down to a tangible scenario. BTW Thats probably an 18RG and depending on where you are it could be exremely rare. Its also a fantastic little four banger, about as reliable as a 22R.
A hahahahaha. A suitable end to a terrible car. I hope it was his dads car I hope it was his dads car I hope it was his dads car.
Not in handgun form though.
Looks like alternate mouth pieces for a cheap pipe to me. Take one to a smoke shop and see if a standard screen fits them. I bet they do.
[Look](http://cdn.gagbay.com/2012/10/daddy_look_im_a_unicorn-172009.jpg)
Wow. My dad was saved by a jeep too. His little DJ5 looked like half pipe after some guy parked a Cummins Ram in the backseat while he was sitting at a red light. Cool engagement story too.
Talented artist but what a waste of a rare gem.
Did these come with a Ragtop? I don't think they did, these things were all about light weight. The frontbutt-sub box is also obviously aftermarket. It must be awesome to own an old Abarth why would you ruin the driving experience?
Thats a bummer and I feel for you man, I just had to junk my CVPI. But thats one of the things thats great about the Panther platform, its a god damn tank. Imagine the same hit in a lesser vehicle. Bummer on the Fozzy too.
Bah. Skip this, start giving us Crew Cab Rangers!
What kind of plate is that?
Oof, and that green. I'm... gonna.. I just need a minute.
* [412 Squareback](http://orangecounty.craigslist.org/cto/5068675496.html) * [Patrol](http://sandiego.craigslist.org/nsd/cto/5060597642.html) * [KP61](http://losangeles.craigslist.org/sgv/cto/5053538579.html) * [Sunbeam](http://sandiego.craigslist.org/esd/cto/5044177184.html) Not a Tiger but still. * [AE82 FX16](http://losangeles.craigslist.org/ant/cto/5053520002.html) I love So Cal.
Either did Subaru, do you know what a collaboration is? Do you understand that said collaboration involved every aspect of the car but was a 60/40 split in favor of Toyota. So yeah Subaru showed with a block and heads, and Toyota did everything else including all of the ignition in fuel, you know the major piece that determines power economy and emissions? Dick.
Pedantic and illiterate, you're a lot of fun. Try reading my *entire* post and maybe ask a friend to help you with the words you don't know. I'll bet the two of you can figure it out.
I never said it wasn't fun. Only that a Burgman would be more fun which is irrefutable. Also as a car guy 20 lbs probably doesn't like much to you but have you looked at what that 20lbs does to the power to weight ratio? It makes a BIG difference.
It **is** Bosozoku. but it is *you* who sucks. Search your feelings, you know it to be true.
So did you Google Pedant yet or are you just ignoring it? Fun is of course subjective, I never suggested it wasn't. I said an actual Burgman would be more fun, which is my opinion, and not absurd at all. Look you can cry foul all you want, you acted a fool and were snarky and I responded in kind. Tough shit kiddo, time to sack up and move on.
The GT86 isn't competing with Mustangs or Challengers. The GT86 is competing with Miatas and Z's. Its a light weight sporty 2Dr with reasonable fuel economy. Not a muscle car in the slightest.
Well yeah. I mean considering what I have to base an opinion on I'd say that you were somewhere in the 11-14 range. Reading comprehension, command of the language, personal communication skills. Yep, you're a fuckwit kid alright.
Man, the reflection on the firewall fucked with my head for a minute...
That.... that doesn't even make sense. Kid seriously you're the funniest thing on the internet right now, keep it up. So mad.... so stupid. Priceless.
&gt;and stuff..... See I can use the quote function too. I chose this selection because it sort of summarizes you, as an experience. It exemplifies the shallow depths of your intelligence. Another fine example would be pointing out how you think theres something to cogitate in &gt;It's great to finally meet someone as smart as yourself, isn't it? in reference to presumably yourself. Which is the most ridiculous thing anyone has said today on reddit I'm sure.
Now the 490 for the Burg is wet. Full tank of fuel. I don't see anything on the Kit site regarding wet or dry weight or fuel capacity, so I'm going to assume thats a dry weight and they have similar capacity because it suits my argument. In which it case the 3 gallons of gasoline would add about 19 pounds so there. Nana boo boo stick your head in doo doo. In all seriousness, that is impressively light. I still say the Burgman would be more fun because everything is more fun on two wheels, especially between ones legs.
It doesn't look too outlandish anywhere else on the rig. I wonder if this is actually supposed to accomplish something, and than I wonder if it actually does.
They're a smidge rare, but can be found for surprisingly reasonable prices considering its practically the same drivetrain as a GSX eclipse.
Why does Universal care? You're in a sleepy town so they don't want your money?
Just a year? You got a shop or you just throwing money at it?
https://vimeo.com/49994281
I did like the 1M, but thats not the same thing.
Bleh.
Problem here is people are fucking liars. Who knows what happened to this thing. Generally speaking people downplay problems and when it comes to project cars they'll happily tell you "Oh its just the so and so" when in fact whatever they're telling you is wrong is only masking what is actually wrong. So in the case of a turbo crapping out and that being very bad, what much much worse thing is he not talking about. Its not impossible to find a comparatively clean Fozzy XT in the 6k range. I mean what would you rather fix to make right, a Turbo or a fender or a window or something. just shop around more.
Ok. I mean you're wrong lol, but ok whatever.
I do live in the U.S. and congratulations on your student debt, whose value can be calculated solely in interest paid. Spend much time studying automotive history, heritage and demographical statistics in economics?
That was a barbed rhetorical question. Thank you for being thick and answering it, thats adorable.
Trying to find a nice doctor with no ex-wives?
You would also be wrong. In a world of pure numbers, where all consumers consult the pertinent press and poll popular opinion, sure the ZN6 might show up somewhere near a Mustang on some comparison spread sheet. But in the real world very very very few individuals shopping for a sports coupe will ever look at a Mustang and a ZN6. They'll shop Camaro, Mustang, Challenger, OR ZN6, Miata, Z car, Type R, etc etc. You pen and paper warriors can rationalize anyway you want, the reality of the situation won't change.
This is a flop before it even releases. Utter garbage, EA thinks its the year 2000 I guess.
Dale Earnhardt and Jesus. Seems redundant.
I'm having a hard time taking that video seriously. Its using drama horn from every movie trailer of the last five years and it sounds like [BatDad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlVi0noRr-o) is narrating it.
We have the [technology.](https://rrfrenchfry.files.wordpress.com/2010/08/557_18_kisskrok2_600.jpg)
Where is that? Its gorgeous.
So you just came in here to say some other engine is the better engine? Thanks Kanye.
Holy shit. It exists.
WTF, they won't *let* her? First don't do business with them, second crucify them on social and local media if you can, third the Godzilla is pretty stiff and she should definitely test drive it first. My question for you is did she actually *drive* the AMG. Like the way an enthusiast would, or did she merely own and operate the AMG? The former would mean she might appreciate the GTR, the latter would mean, well probably not.
Theres just something about that Six. I love straight sixes to begin but this one in particular is special for some reason. I had an 86 with a 3 speed and 4wd, unstuckable.
First. Burn the Anti-Christ. Burn it good, burn it to the ground. Second; &gt;The original owner did not want to sell me (or any kid) this car because us teenagers are fairly irresponsible drivers. &gt;Pros: - * Hand brake J-turns The irony is palpable. Third, No power steering, power brakes, airbag. These are Pros not cons. Fourth, burn the anti christ again, just to be sure. Last but not least welcome to the club mate, there really is nothing like driving an old BMW and the E21 isn't really all that expensive to maintain. Now, slap an M42 in the old bird and get to work on your suspension. It begins.
Is anyone else thinking this wouldn't be *that* much cheaper than some proper Vinyl?
You're from my neck of the woods. Get off my craiglists, thems my craigslists, go on shoo!
At least its not a tombstone.
[Same Year](http://s34.photobucket.com/user/jayzzzz4/media/dtrpangt509517a.jpg.html)
That's amazing. Can you imagine the dexterity and balance needed to poop in a bikes gas tank? Incredible.
You don't expect professionals to know there profession? Really? Reeeeeeeeally? So if you go to a realtor and he refuses to show you a particular property because its spendy you're okay with that? Maybe a jeweler, you got your girl in tow, wanna let her try on a tennis bracelet, "No, thats valuable we can't touch it: you're ok with that? "No sir I can't turn on the big screen so you can see the display its far too valuable to actually let you see it." Ridiculous.
Ew
Yeah I've been all over that. It definitely doesn't touch anything when turned by hand, or when idling in my driveway. That's part of what brought up the Dogbone question. I wondered if it could create enough slop that it ends up touching something while accelerating or braking. Bad belts are supposedly a symptom of bad mounts but I just don't understand that.
You can't "set " the tension. It doesn't adjust.
Yeah cool flares. Still not a wide body. A wide body means actually... widening. The body. Like boxed arches or over fenders. These are just flares and while they do achieve a certain look they don't make a widebody. [This](http://www.body-kit.com/wrccust03.jpg) is a Wide Body. [This](http://image.superstreetonline.com/f/features/1312-2008-mitsubishi-lancer-evolution-x-subaru-impreza-wrx-sti/58878055/2008-subaru-impreza-wrx-sti-varis-widebody-kit.jpg) is a Wide Body. ***[This](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/a7/18/f4/a718f4b7bda17db316dedcbcf1918123.jpg)*** is a Widy Body Hawkeye.
No you have to be able to release the tension while installing the belt. When you unrelease the tension after the belts in place it is than a fixed amount of tension. It doesn't adjust, you can't create more or less tension. Only tension/no tension.
Fuck him. You don't need permission to take pictures in public there is no expectation of privacy. Some, actually most, people are assholes, don't sweat'm.
I can't imagine what it must be like to be so submissive. Do you assert yourself in any situation or is every interaction potentially a conflict you will lose by default? I would take precautions to tell you this is a sincere question and that I'm not picking on you, but why bother, Right?
Like someone took the crappy Out Run Ferrarri and made it 1:1.
Everything sounds cool in a tunnel.
Weren't you the proponent of sacrificing ones ego to avoid confrontation? How else do I interpret *that*? Besides even if it was a personal attack why are you confronting me on it? Aren't confrontations to be avoided at all costs?
Wow. Lots of mixed messages here. So you won't stand up for yourself against the threat of **physical** violence, because your ego isn't worth potential trauma. But when wrapped firmly in the comfort blanket of anonymity, you're a tough guy on the internet? What's that called... there's a term, a couple of terms.... Oh yeah, Hypocrite and Coward.
When did I say trauma to their ego? You might want to read that again, maybe slower. He brought up ego, I thought it was an interesting choice of words which is why I have referenced it a couple times.
He said an intact Ego isn't worth being beat up. He sensationalized by saying reconstructive surgery and stuff. But the point was he'll sacrifice his ego to avoid potential violence.
A *Fiesta"! I knew it looked familiar, I was thinking Datsun maybe. I don't think I've ever seen that old.
Fugly
Did you get it back out?
Wrong again. Its a Porsche 928.
Another internet tough guy? Big words from the safety of your moms basement there "Crime lord". Go fuck yourself neckbeard.
[Dolemite?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stmzlKVYncw)
['36 Dodge Bros. Tow Rig](http://inlandempire.craigslist.org/cto/5072036506.html) ['61 Valiant 225](http://orangecounty.craigslist.org/cto/5082840152.html) ['64 Imperial](http://losangeles.craigslist.org/wst/cto/5081269537.html) "Black Beauty" ['68 GT6](http://losangeles.craigslist.org/ant/cto/5083994586.html)
The what now?
I came in here ready to defend Volvo and then saw a Daewoo. Now I'm sad.
If you're doing it right it's more smooth than an automatic. Atleast in your average street car.
Curb weight divided by Base Horsepower should net a result of about 20 at most. That 1hp per 20lbs. Its very common for vehicles to sit in the 1/23 range which is acceptable for highway driving but I feel is just too sluggish. For a comfortable, moderately sporty and more than likely reasonably fuel efficient vehicle you're looking at something in the 1/15-1/18 range. Generally speaking sub 1/15 is legit sports cars with fuel costs mounting up and up.
dafuq is a JMC?
Anyone think that front fender cut divides by zero? Does the tire even fit? How do you steer? Is this a PShop?
I have lusted after one of these since time immemorial. They are *the* rarest Jaguars in regards to production numbers.
Generally speaking truck buyers don't typically fuss about the aesthetics of their radio antennae. Useful options are one thing but for anything else its better to have inexpensive reliable parts.
I'm not only the president.....
He's using an air drill which is nice but not required. I can tell you it can be done without power tools and doesn't require an exorbitant amount of strength. Assuming you're an average Joe you ought to manage.
I think I said that. &gt; You could compromise and have the shop do just the water pump and swap the other goodies yourself. Yep, I sure did.
What kind of car? Where?
Get out of Texas. Try somewhere in the civilized world.
Always. Usually a Ford, for no particular reason. Last one was a 01 CVPI, currently looking for a replacement beater, probably going to get a 5 SPD 4x4 F150 300-6, it will be the my 2nd one.
"Big Mexican Woman" The real driving experience.
Worst. '03 Cavalier. Cause it was a Cavalier. Best '92 Laguna Green 325IC - S38 swap.
You *don't* think the MRS is hideous? There's always one I guess.
And a rumble seat.
Hard to find a better middle ground for P/W and MPG. Added bonuses of being super reliable, fun to drive and from what you've said a very clean car and a good price. I say do it and do it now before the owner comes to his senses.
Color limitations? Are there places with regulations on what color your car can be?
Speed has a good rep, personally I would avoid the 6 as it doesn't really offer anything the 3 doesn't and gets much worse fuel economy and reliability. Bare in mind you're going from what sounds like a real P.O.S. to a limited edition niche car. You're maintenance intervals and costs are going to jump way up, insurance will massively more expensive as will fuel costs. Something to consider.
Sorry to hear about your eyes, isn't there a surgery or something you can get? I hear they're doing amazing things with lasers these days.
Hit it.
The Pest. It was High School, it was awful so we left to go somewhere and ... do... stuff.
http://www.willtheyfit.com/ . Have fun with that.
Just for a dumpy pop up trailer?
You drove the fabled healing waters of Avalon?
First, its an El*a*ntra so theres always the why bother question. Despite that, Its a commuter I get it, no worries. Yeah clean steelies are leaps and bounds better than even "nice' hub caps, if there is such a thing. just don't paint them pink or green or anything :]
Its not just not as pretty. Its down right oogly.
Sterilized with a woodchipper. Everyone wins.
This tit for tat mentality is flawed. OP seems to think he's justified in his behavior because of the Truck drivers behavior. But than isn't the Truck drivers behavior equally justified because of OPs behavior in the first place? Its just never ending. Long story short its all right or wrong its cause and effect, OPs choices will have a net result thats nothing more than what he deserves.
Yeah that can happen with improper cooling system repairs, had you had it worked on prior to the issue popping up? Its good that it was cheap and easy but pay special attention to your operating temperature and coolant levels for awhile, the previous diagnosis could have had *some* truth to it.
Isn't that the one that used to regurgitate fuel out of the fill hole in a hard corner.
Feel free to try my technique which is mostly built around outrageous and hurtful profanity sprinkled with threats of personal injury and/or obscure sex acts. Just like dad used to do it.
^^^Ahem El Caminooooooo. This is first day stuff here people.
The only correct answer.
Look at those inner fenders.... weird.
The tech has come a long way for these but I'm just not feeling the styling. Its not inherently ugly but it really doesn't look like a *"Jetta"* to me.
The technical name for a flock of Nails is "Nail". Apparently.
Try [this one](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/34.0783273,-117.0488748/34.2385067,-116.9232951/34.227565,-117.2898541/34.17475,-117.2788678/@34.2066985,-117.023264,12z/data=!4m2!4m1!3e0) An old standby, in either direction that isn't to far from you. I try to do it once a month at least. I usually stop somewhere in the Valley at the top of the mountain and catch lunch, maybe even a movie, than down the opposite side I started. My record from Onyx Summit to Forest Falls is 25m and change.
I bet modern technology and engineering could create a feature like this that was actually practical.
Hammond looks like he's in an Italian Porrrno. Wait, maybe I don't want to watch the last episode after all.
Portage, Page Rot, Gape Tor, Gape Rot, **Gear Top, Gear Pot, Rage top, Rage Pot**, Great Op, Grate Op, Gate Pro, *Rape Tog*, Toga Rep, **Goat Rep**, Goat Per, *Rag Poe*t, Rag Tope, **Trap Ego, Rapt Ego, Tarp Ego, Part Ego, Pat Ogre, Apt Ogre**, At Grope.
[This is a Jetta](http://germancarsforsaleblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Screen-Shot-2013-08-27-at-9.19.46-PM-570x370.png) to me, even a Mk3 looks like a Jetta. Mk4 just lost the lines, it doesn't say "Jetta", just Euro sedan I guess. The newst VW don't even look European to me.
Logic says this is probably a replica. If not the owner is playing fast and loose with an extremely rare and valuable collectible and I approve.
Yeah its not a bad model to make your money on the options its just off putting the way the big boys do it with bundling and factory installed cost adders. No comment on the Ute though? I'm telling you man, thats a neglected segment lately, at least in North America. An affordable truck that was fun to drive and got more than 24mpg, say with a small torquey Turbo Diesel, would take a big nasty bite out of truck sales here.
Reliability does equate to safety, at least to some extent. So it stands to reason the badge with the most bodies on it, is probably less reliable, don't you think, asshole? The body counts ten years are irrelevant. Compare GM's safety record compared to everyone else building cars right now. **That** is meaning information, idiot.
Needs a lift, those wheel wells spoil the bed. Otherwise, I like it.
It's neither complex nor difficult. Any sport platform with a driveshaft would easily drop into a Justy and specifically Goldwing and Busa swaps are common among the Sprint/Colt/Justy/Fiesta/Mini/Metro crowd. Its just always amusing to see someone rant as if they know something when they clearly don't.
No. She's Anakins granddaughter and Lukes Niece.
Tell'm to hit you up next year, after the surgery.
I use power to weight ratio to judge a cars potential, but its only potential. There are so many variables in play. Gearing, transmission type, how power is made, power curve, tires it goes on endlessly. Just as a rule of thumb think of it this way. Most factory vehicles, just ordinary cars, fall somewhere around 20-23:1 power to weight ratio. Thats 20-23 pounds per horsepower. Thats kind of the mundane belt. But there are other factors, like torque and gearing. Generally a manual transmission is better than a traditional automatic and a traditional automatic is better than a CVT. Also some vehicles, like diesels and especially turbo diesels make little power but a lot of torque. A TDI Golf is as fast as a GTI from 0-45ish, than falls off because it doesn't have the horsepower numbers to keep up. Than there is the actual weight to consider. A 6000 pound vehicle with a 10:1 power to weight ratio will accelerate very quickly, but its still a 3 ton car and may struggle in the corners and under braking. Where as a 2300 pound car with a 17:1 ratio won't accelerate all that quickly, but is leaps and bounds better at braking and cornering. This is one of the reasons Miatas and E30s are so popular. Last is how power is made. So take a baseline 300HP. Look at an SN95 Cobra, an STI aaaand lets say an old XJR. Thats a naturally aspirated V8, a turbo charged H4 and a supercharged I6. The NA-V8 will be very responsive and have a very natural torque curve making for good acceleration. The Turbo will take longer to spool up and build power (less true with newer and newer vehicles) and suffer the risk of losing boost with speed changes. The supercharger will be more similar to the NA-V8 with a linear torque curve but loses some initial power to parasitic loss. All this info is great to have and learn more about but in the end the only reliable test of whether a car does what you want it to do is to drive it and see. The only benchmark is the seat of your pants.
ChrisFix is decent too.
Someones staging it to use at checkout.
As an Auditor, you need to develop a healthy level of contempt for these slope browed feeble minded neandrethals that think screaming at you is going to accomplish anything. Just remind yourself that this fucking mouth breather is barely sentient and really its **less** surprising that their response to lifes little difficulties is aggression and **more** surprising that they haven't shit their pants today. That we know of. Lastly take comfort in the fact that they will more than likely overdose on chewable vitamins or set themselves on fire making toast or something one day, and that life has a way of balancing these things out.
Cayman S
Missed that. So he doesn't want a sports car than?
Outside? Could be nutty. But seriously a smaller can should mount near the kick panels just fine, and be pretty handy too. Passenger side if its a stick.
Did you get it? Try tweaking it a penny one way or the other, sometimes the tax gets fucky.
The response is something like; "You're welcome to dispute the charge with management, more than likely they'll charge you anyways and I can't guarantee they'll honor the massive discount I've given you."
Quite. I'm just being an arrogant troll. its my resolution. How am I doing?
Christ, whats the 4.4:1? E30 325is is about 17:1. My favorites tend to be relatively cheap and lightweight handling cars that live around 11-13:1. E36 M3, 9-3 Viggen, FD RX-7, Mk.4 Supra, Bugeye WRX and other similar rides.
Interesting. I'd love to know more about it.
Frozen Road. Ain't that about a bitch.
Reply to his emails with [one of these.](https://tutorials.bluehost.com/help_media/550_quota_exceeded_verify_failed.jpg)
Well done sir. I feel the need to say that first. Because the first thing I *thought* was "Jesus Christ you actually gave someone money for that? Ouch"
Thats sort of cool. I guess. but how the fuck do you get anything out of it?
See edit. i DUN FOOKEDUP
Oh. I thought it was a Renovo for a moment there. Still cool though.
Shitty picture. Makes me think of an XJ Cherokee.
They don't all look alike. Lightsabers I mean. The one in TFA is clearly Lukes, it looks identical to the one given to him by Kenobi. Kenobis lightsaber at the time of his death looked completely diffrent.
Yes and all of those activities are illegal and they can and will be cited, arrested and potentially registered for the offense. More importantly neither you nor the establishment you represent are a homeless person. You and your property have a responsibility and while I don't care if you meet that responsibility or not you are also liable and you're lucky the PD didn't follow up with clean up, the property would face HUGE fines. So what I'm saying is that you chose poorly and fortunately for you no one called you on it.
Ok so you don't know what a water table is. Thanks for participating despite your ignorance, always worth a laugh.
Midichlamydia is stupid and so is this theory. Rey is Anakins granddaughter. But not Padmes.
The record so far is 35mph. I think we can do better. TO TACO BELL!
Even with paper checks a modern bank will let you deposit a check on your phone. Just sign it and take a picture, done.
Thats actually a legit problem. Nothing worse than an unexpected dunk, and toilet water is cold man. No joke. Fix your shitters.
That must be where it broke down.
Sorry but none of the novels and video games and so on are canon. It stings, but its true. So you are exactly as adept as anyone who has watched seven films. Good for you. Anyway I seriously doubt they are going to Tarantino this trilogy. Its more likely that we'll wipe transition into some flashbacks (or some other method of past tense exposition) than it is we'll see a reversed trilogy.
We're still narrowing it down but we do know there isn't much oxygen in the atmosphere.
You don't rent days. People aren't reserving a 24 hour pass. You rent nights. Period.
She certainly could be, but the film alluded to that not being the case.
Thats racist.
A whole stable of them actually. Bunch of V6 S/C garbage.
Yes. It was that bad of a car. They were extremely nose heavy, with a poor bias track meaning regardless of how much power they made they always handled like shit. Combined with poor build quality, cheap materials and sub par reliability even for GM and like I said, you have garbage.
fwd GM cars are total and utter shit. They lack even a single redeeming feature. Uncomfortable unreliable unattractive uneconomical SLOW pieces of poor handling gutter trash. Also, you're a fucking liar. Good job over reaching your bullshit game , loser.
Wow. Thats seems like a lot. Maybe its just me.
Eye think you a word.
I think you need a wider bumper or more complete flares.
FD agents couldn't give two shits how you made your reservation. Just call the hotel directly, discuss with them anything you want or need in advance and if you run into any issues involving the 3rd party nature of your reservation make sure its *your* problem and not theirs.
That is a lot of anal leakage.
So from minute one it was obvious that Evans is sort of a tool. As in I couldn't stand his company in person for very long. A very disagreeable personality. Le Blanc feels a lot more relatable but in studio everything he says feels fed to him. As for the actual segments, the reliant bit was just pandering and I feel pretty bad for Le Blanc. The Top Gun thing was cringey and are we honestly supposed to think Evans out drove Schmidt? Like, seriously? I won't even mention the celebrity bit, I don't think it even needs to be said.
um... what?
dafuq. seriously.
Bumpside. Woot.
Until I hear that Grant Gustin is playing the Flash in the film than I don't give a shit.
I'm in So Cal and it's easy to make that work. Just go see your ref, no big deal. Oh and it's 76 and older and honestly most of the examples given are pre 76 anyway.
You realize the rules are the same everywhere in California? Do you also realize that it's literally impossible to "Get Approval" without the car. Do you understand how the BAR ref process works at all?
[Oh no.](http://www.stewartjwright.co.uk/images/girl-lip.gif)
Golf Country from the looks of it. Pretty rare actually. Scooby snorkel doesn't fit imo though.
On the Subaru it came off of it is. lord knows what it's supposed to be here.
If you can turn a wrench you can do ***A*** Tie Rod for less than a 100 bucks including a Tie Rod Tool from Harbor Freight. But they really ought to be done as a pair. So I would say tie rod DIY around $200, if need a pro to do it around $350-$400. After that a good alignment is in the neighborhood of a $100. At face value it seems like a decent vehicle and 150k is not high mileage, it's about where it should be for a ten year old vehicle. I have seen several manual S60R's in SoCal in similar condition going for closer to 6k, so he might be highballing a little. As for maintenance costs I've never owned one so I can't give exact information. But you can look up information pertaining to forced induction, AWD and Volvo's in general to get an idea. It's usually stuff like rapid tire wear (especially AWD Volvos, they have the turning radius of a mack truck), more frequent oil changes (turbo health) *maybe* higher insurance. It's an upper tier car with "*Sports car*" trappings but it's also a Volvo so it could go either way.
Starting a build thread anywhere? I've been slowly researching a six speed swap for my vdc obs and would love to follow your progress.
I for one am glad it's dead. May it rust in hell. Everyone loves there first car and I wouldn't begrudge anyone that experience but god damn, what a pile.
Well. Looks like its time to invest in some woofers.
He'll be dead soon.
**Understeer Corrections** * Drive a different line. * Use weight transfer to your advantage. * Push, plowing, front tires slide out first. * Usually slight under-steer is safer. * Raise front tire pressure. * Lower rear tire pressure. * Soften front shocks. * Stiffen rear shocks. * Lower front end. * Raise rear end. * Widen front track. * Install shorter front tires. * Install taller rear tires. * Install wider front tires. * Install narrower rear tires. * Soften front sway bar. * Stiffen rear sway bar. * More front toe out. * Reduce rear toe in slightly. * Increase front negative camber. * Increase positive caster. * Soften front springs. * Stiffen rear springs. * May need more front suspension travel. * Install wider front wheels. * Use softer front compound if possible. * Use harder rear compound if possible. * Remove weight from front of vehicle. * Add weight to rear of vehicle. * High Speed. Increase front wing down-force. * Too much front brake. **Vehicle is TWITCHY at limit and hard to keep ahead of in the steering department.** * Lower front and rear tire pressures slightly. * Suspension may be too stiff. * Shocks may be set too firm. * Tires may be old or hard. * Vehicle may not have enough suspension travel. * Vehicle may have a toe problem front or rear. * Increase negative camber front and rear if possible. Taken from [Here](http://www.thesmokingtire.com/2012/massive-list-of-solutions-to-understeeroversteer/) TL:DR Git Gud newb ^^^^^^^^^^J/K
Yeah. Step one, drive a different line lol. Spend some time in the canyons, climb your local mountain. Doesn't matter as long as you're having fun.
It looks cool but I have to assume it's not great on truly rough terrain. Dirt roads are fine but how does it handle actual trails and stuff?
Yeah yeah, fwd Aston, seen it. Why the reference to the 959?
No.
Hybrid?
Something like [these](http://www.mysubie.com/user_images/v1/listingparts/555/v1_listingparts_555_094b6131392_666_1024.jpg)
Totally unbelievable. At least 2/3 of those "Elite Gamers" should be pushing 300 pounds.
This is the opportunity we've been waiting for to get rid of Adam and get someone who is actually funny and actually knows something about cars. There's no shortage of American B&amp;C listers who fit that bill.
It would appear you kept the 4th gen which is a good call. You'll need when the new one shits the bed. Frequently.
Looks like a lot of a fun and by a lot I mean its fucking humongous. "Roadster" is stretching the limits of that term, lol.
Like any aspect of hot rodding it depends on too many aspects to give a definitive simple answer. It's certainly much easier to make 400HP now. But at the same time an era correct 400 horsepower small block from the 70s or 80s is a completely different animal than a modern turbo motor, or even an N/A motor with direct injection and high compression and high revs and so on. The modern motor may be reliable and smooth and predictable, but the old school motor would be an absolute beast and probably a lot more fun, at least imo. At the same time modern cars tend to be much heavier than comparable classics. Like a 1st gen Camaro is just over 3100 pounds, but a modern Camaro can be over 4000 due to luxury, safety and emissions equipment. Sure the 1st gen would fold up like a slinky in a wreck, but y'know, *Superleggera*. So I guess you can say there is obviously a difference but isn't a better or worse comparison in my opinion. It's all about flavors and sensations and your preferences and of course, the dollars and bills.
Ah yes the Birdshit Crossfire, telling it like it is.
OP's Crank: "I AM SO SICK OF YOUR SHIT! I need to go for a walk and cool down BRB."
Mine is the law of the nest weakest link. Fix that water pump thats been struggling? Better pay extra attention to your radiator for the next month or two. New motor mounts? Listen for your CSB or LCABs or Guibo to give up the ghost soon, its gonna happen.
Is Rowe a car guy? Leno won't do it, he's already got his own car show and he likes to work alone. Allen probably thinks he's too big and besides he's supposed to be kind of a dick isn't he? Rowe is likable but who do you actually pair him up with? I say keep Rutledge and another third. Christopher Titus is an infamous gear head and pretty funny. Who else?
&gt;If you’re putting 30,000 or more miles in every year, DAE think thats a stupid premise to build your comparisons on? I know there are people out there who do 30k/year. Some do much more than that even. But not enough to form a worthwhile demographic or to base a comparison study like this on. The national average is 12-14k/year.
Give it a minute...
That looks like a Ferrari California. At least in the shitty picture it does.
&gt;Toyota Cressida &gt;Mercedes 300SEL &gt;1970s Mercury Capri &gt;EDIT: Alfa Romeo Giulia &gt;Volvo 850 **T-5R** &gt;Jaguar E-Type &gt;Mitsubishi Chariot &gt;Toyota Camry &gt;Alfa Romeo Spider 2000 ?? - **Toyota HiAce (H70)** ?? - Really can't see enough of this one. 1990s Alfa Romeo Spider
I see why you say Bentley but I'm not completely convinced. At the very least that rear bumper is *not* Bentley.
Hold your breath. It'll work eventually.
Not to be morbid but, wheres the pics of the aftermath. I'd like to see how she held up. The car I mean.
Isn't Ethanol supposed to be a power adder? I admit I am not that knowledgeable about fuel.
Qualify? This fucking epitomizes.
I love the C3 stuff, my collection is still growing.
I liked TGUS a lot and watched every episode. Honestly if they had replaced Ferrara with someone who was actually funny and enjoyable to watch, it might have done better.
To be fair you asked about suspension mods, not engine mods. Yeah you might *expect* someone to mention engine mods, but they are not obligated to. Also buying a modified car isn't risky. At least not inherently. With your apparent knowledge base i can understand why *you* would want to avoid it. Just don't expect everyone else to act like the mods are a big deal, because they really aren't.
I'm in the middle of a pegboard and socket rails project. it's coming together nicely.
That last thing is true, I'll give you that. But in the end as a TV personality he's super fucking annoying.
2.7i is not a factory configuration. The 2.7 in the Eta was 121-127 depending on year.
Okay, but what I want to know it why. Is there a function this serves, a particular motorsport in mind. I doubt that level of engineering in the rear was just for looks.
It's because I'm so well spoken right? Yeah that gives it away every time.
I have to wonder who goes through the trouble of building a tubular space frame back half with long travel, just because. There's definitely more to this and I suspect you don't actually *know* there was no purpose.
Jesus 2. I wonder what the lords other car is.
Why the Riddler?
You can probably pop into a pep boys or something and find any number of automatic "shift knobs" that will do the job. I don't know how the factory piece assembles but the aftermarket ones usually just use a set screw.
Is that a Saab?
Bad math? Forget to reset your odo?
Once again OP fails to deliver.
What's wrong about it? It appears to be the correct bolt pattern, what are we missing OP?
Ah, makes sense.
I see [deleted] [removed]
It's not chopped, not even a little. That's factory and they call them Yard Mules.
You're right, I am snide and condescending. I'm also right, so suck it.
I rest my case. I mean you there's disagreeing with me, and then there's disagreeing with proven scientific concept. What's next, gravity? How about this, just tell me if you think the earth is flat or round?
Is the magnetism enough to hang the pliers?
It's an interesting car but I don't even identify it as a mustang. And regardless of how you identify it, that interior is an abomination.
I don't see the problem. That's a pretty significant lift, it's not all that noticeable but that is easily 5" more ground clearance than stock. Probably pretty fun to drive.
Hello! My name is Inigo Montoya.
Try harder. That's just a screwdriver with something jammed on the end.
It must be nigh invulnerable in this form. It probably weighs as much as the moon but still, I bet she's stout.
Man.... I was eating.....
Ford Torn-Ass
Of course it's a Prius. She's very concerned about the ecosystem.
If it's not too late, smell your breath. After a little bit of time has passed, smell the clothes you were wearing at the time. I quit a little over a month ago, yesterday I hopped into my truck (project truck, rarely driven, often smoked in) and I couldn't believe how much it wreaked. That's what people were complaining about and I couldn't even smell how bad it was while I was smoking. Blew my mind.
I've been vaping since early April. I've been doing non stop research and interacting with the community ever since. It's fucking amazing! I smoked for 18 years and tried to quit, repeatedly, never made it more then a week. It's crazy what you can convince yourself of when you have an itch you can't scratch, I know. In all honesty guys, vaping isn't just an acceptable alternative. It's not patches, it's not gum, it's not lozenges. It's not something that's just *good enough* to get you past the itch. It completely satisfies the urge while being superior in every conceivable way to every conceivable alternative short of quitting nicotine altogether. Here's the thing; * It doesn't make you or your clothes or your house or your car stink. * No lighter. * No ashes. * No butts. * The flavors, the choices, the experiences are **incredible**. * Its healthier. Not a little, not maybe. it is **EXPONENTIALLY** healthier. * You're going to live longer and you're going to feel better and better and better while you do it and if you want you're still going to enjoy a nicotine fix, but vastly superior to coffin nails. * If you want out of your nicotine cage altogether, you can dial in your juice. You can get your juice with strong nicotine, similar to your current habit. Then you can get the exact same shit, weaker and weaker and weaker and eventually you can get no nicotine at all. Spend a year doing it and you won't even notice and then spend six months vaping your favorite juice nicotine free and when you finally decide to quit you won't have a little green eyed addiction demon in your brain trashing the place screaming for your fix. Save your sanity, do it the easy way. * Last but certainly not least, and easily the largest *measurable* difference, it is cheaper. Waaaaaaay cheaper. You can get an [awesome pen style MTL](https://www.innokin.com/vaporizers/endura/) device for less then 30 bucks. You can spend as little as 20 bucks a month on juice. First **year**; less than $300. Versus a years of smoking being over $3K plus poor health and feeling like shit all the time. I cannot stress enough. No matter how long you've smoked, no matter how much you love it or hate it. No matter how many times you've failed. You can quit and you can make it easy as fuck. Guys I got all preachy, I don't really know what happened there. I'm gonna go now.
It lines up with the forks above it? Maybe some sort of depch sensor or guide.
IX FTW? They're getting so hard to find and I want one so bad.
Seriously. Smoking destroys your sense of taste and smell. My nose is still recovering, my ability to taste is still pretty poor. :[
I've had three, currently selling a laguna green vert parts car. I poke around for IX regularly and their either utterly trashed or stupid expensive. I mean 12k for a mediocre automatic sedan is retarded.
Make a Battletech/Mechwarrior series. Start with Decision at Thunder Rift and do a book a season, 23-34 episodes a season. Guys it's already written for you. DO IT!
But don't, cause that would be messy.
What.... what kind of monster has the good taste to get a C30, but can still sleep at night knowing there's a Thunderturd in the garage?
So is RWD, because weight. Like I said, low displacement, light weight.
My first car was an '83 TBird Turbo. This was not that long ago.
You know what they say about guys with big noses right....
No, they smell. Like, a lot.
A link in your post would go a long way. Just sayin'
Any build info? How's it put together?
Aren't Triton coils compatible with Super Tanks too?
How do you like the Nicolas? MTL right? Whats the coil in it and how are you running it?
Oh good, we can finally another Ghostbusters movie.
I'm gonna agree with this. A lungful of vapor *is* displacing oxygen rich air in your lungs.
Everything you said is true. But is anyone really disputing that you shouldn't vape around your kids or that second hand vape probably isn't good for you?
This is probably rooted in their insurance premiums. Tell their HR they have greater liability from effectively endorsing and encouraging their employees to use more dangerous options like cigarettes. They should be a proponent for healthier living by endorsing electronic cigarettes as an alternative and if they're really worried about illicit substances start mandatory drug testing.
This is fake right? Like satire about how stupid some TV shows are?
Informative post that no one did or would disagree with. But you didn't actually answer the question.
Just to be clear, how did you determine the battery was fully charged?
I've been using mine with an iStick Pico.
Everything attracts roaches to a certain extent but I doubt Vape or Juice is any more enticing then anything else. You're probably experiencing a combination of a nearby hatch and a neighbor using a bomb or tenting. It only ever kills about half of them and the rest just relocate. You need to go full on holocaust on them now, before they law down eggs in your home. Once they lay, even if you kill them off, the eggs eventually hatch and than you'll be dealing with thousands and thousands of them.
Good morning from Canadas shorts. Edit: I just perused your site and *god damn*, maple dollar or not that is cheap. Gonna have to give you guys a go around in the not too distant future.
I am a recent convert from cigarettes to vaping. The best and closest-to -cigarettes experience I've had so far was an [Innokin Endura T18.](https://www.innokin.com/vaporizers/endura/) Even in the short term one of these and a little juice will be a hell of a lot cheaper than cigarettes or even Blu and similar products especially if you've been buying them at gas stations and the like.
Does anyone else get vape recondensing in their nose? I like to exhale through my nose for the smell and taste but I keep getting vape juice in my 'stache.
I'm still new but isn't .6ohm MTL sort of counter intuitive? Also the charge port being high on the body is going to make this thing tip over all the time and why does it look like a box of crayons?
Weak dude, check [these guys](https://vapeful.net/) I've never tried them but they're promoting on the sub and I noticed they're cheap AF.
Okay, seller has a rating of 8 *as a buyer*, and no ratings as a seller, this is there first listing as a seller and even though is says 100% feedback that's actually because there has been no feedback positive or negative, *as a seller*. Also 54 inquiries (ask seller a question) and zero replies. Next, it says they've sold 144 of these at this price but the listing is only a couple days old, so that's just since June 4th. None of those purchasers have even received a product yet. They couldn't report on it's fraudulence or legitimacy. Personally I think this is an obvious scam, but at the very least you should wait until the seller starts answering inquiries and receiving feedback from other purchasers. I say by the middle of next week this page will either be riddled with complaints or just gone altogether.
That's really really low. Which is fine but isn't exactly typical. The average MTL is 1.5 ism ohm @ around 14w, a full volt higher.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it's gone. Listing has been removed.
I'm not a fan of the fixed background scrolling foreground design. But your color palette is fantastic and fitting. I think 3mg is the magic number for me.
On my list to try soon, they've been recommended several times here.
What a shithead.
Hex sounds mouth watering. I'm in.
A link would go a long for this post. [Is this you guys?](https://www.ejuices.com/) Anyway, my favorite so far is Cinnamon candy style juice, still looking for a good consistent source though.
Fastest? Call a junkyard, it'll be about the same money. Or List it for 2k on Craigslist and accept the first 1k offer.
Mmph, that green. Pure sex.
I love Hellboy, I like David harbour, but Perlman will always be Big Red for me.
Great concept that could have been so much more. I feel like the focus was on the wrong characters in that one.
This actually serves a purpose, probably just caught him on his way to hook up his 5th wheel.
I don't brake check, and I tend to speed, usually 10-15 over the limit. So frankly if you're riding *my* ass, you got a problem. Even then, I won't brake check, that's just reckless. But I got no problem gradually slowing to 20 under the limit, for some reason this seems to help people figure out how to go the fuck around me.
More pics please? Can you give us the angles?
I look forward to your next review. I got a small amount of juice off u/bottomofthemap a little while ago. It was all great, if you dig candy flavors try his Cinnamon Red Hot, easily the best rendition I've found yet.
Do we get an after shot?
Sure, it's easy for **you** to keep your dutch scat fetish a secret, you can spend the whole day parked behind dunkin donuts for the free wi-fi. But we can't all be inbred jobless trailer trash such as yourself son. Some of us are literate and thus gainfully employed, so we have to make do with Reddit, to save time.
All praise the Edge Lord, He plied for our sins.
Tobeco Super Tank Mini RTA; is the RTA a stand alone tank, or is it also compatible with Super Tank Coils? Like, is it a Deck that screws in where the Coil normally would, or is it a different animal altogether?
Follow up (probably stupid) question, Super Tank and Super Tank mini use the same coils right?
A *lack* of throat hit? Less nic, less throat hit right?
And they're all in his front yard.
Happy to hear you're on the upswing, ain't this community a trip. Who would've expected to find such charitable and considerate folks among vaping enthusiasts, on reddit no less. Wonder never cease.
[Serisously?](https://image.prntscr.com/image/i7Wh2xtjRzGb-52_dro6DA.png)
u/bottomofthemap made 65%PG for me a little while ago. Here check [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY_classifieds/comments/5z7vkm/juice_for_sale_many_flavors_and_options_plenty_of/) out.
I'm curious as to just WTF happened? I was expecting debris, a downed fence or tree, maybe some apparently challenging section of road to suggest a crash, I don't even see tire ruts in the grass. This looks like a relatively tame section to crash in, so just what the hell caused him to go off? I hope he's okay, his wife must be just about sick of this shit right about now.
Guys. Links. [Seriously](https://www.eightvape.com/).
Snake Bite and Purple Drank sound sweet. Is Purple Drank like CoolAde Grape or a Grape Soda Grape or like actually grapes juiced Grape?
Well yeah, that's part of the catharsis, don't over think it.
I though the point of the revision was to eliminate the gap. Disappointing to hear about the battery door. I'll be waiting expectantly for your full review.
Sounds like you need to continue pursuing this with medical professionals. If you really don't want to quit vaping, you need to quit vaping. Get completely off it for like six months. If you're symptoms completely disappear you have your answer. If they don't, then it isn't vape, you don't have to quit and you need to figure wtf is going on.
cargears.net; buzzfeed for enthusiasts. Thanks for the cancerous post OP.
Go directly to jail, do not pass go.
That might be the stupidest thing I have ever seen in my life. Googling the word Cringe should just go directly to that site. Holy shit.
Body kit? This is just a level 99 Volvo. It's become too powerful, but there is no way to stop it.
would **have** been, and yeah probably, but maybe not. It's certainly a higher priority then telling all of us about it. You could've even grabbed a pic or two and shared that.
What's a BF pin?
Refrigerator. Currency. Politeness.
I remember when Fredericks opened up shop in my local mall. I almost had a stroke right there in the foodcourt. Fortunately my better judgement prevailed and I waited til I got home.
Oh, to squonk right? I'm new, can you tell?
What a cheap sell out. Advocates are fighting flavor bans and the industry is putting *toys* directly on devices. FFS!
What wattage did you settle at?
Near Fontucky?
What is *your* #1 go to, can't go wrong, never fails to please juice?
Could you explain the difference, I'm relatively new and would like to know.
Well right on, good for you.
I understand that bit, I was wondering what the supposed problem for a relative newb would be?
Oh man, that is weird. Is it just irresponsible repairs or was someone trying to accomplish something specific?
&gt; Really man? Its not even that you're spamming this. Its not even that you don't even look for a great excuse. Dude's been vaping 3 weeks. That guy seemed to take exception to suggesting DIY Juice to a newbie. I wondered why.
Want the perfect pacing for an action film? Pick a Jackie Chan movie. All of them, perfect pacing.
I keep getting recommendations for you guys and now I see cheap ass sample sizes. Can't wait to try CTC Cereal.
Have you tried asking a man to do it? I kid, I joke, I kid. You want the tip to be cold and the cup to be warm. So the tip get smaller and the cup gets bigger. Also never forget rule #47 Penetration always helps err.... penetrating oil that is. Lastly, leverage, the more of it, the easier things should be.
Dual batteries with all the important safety features is great and I love the firing "button", just a big squeeze bar seem pretty intuitive. Looks like it would be a great desk mod.
Up all night at work. Trying a blend of peanut butter taffy and apple jax that is actually pretty good, better than either was by itself anyway.
Work is boring AF, I'm too new to be giving recommendations on flavors. I tried a subscription service which essentially sends you random stuff and the first package they sent me had two straight gross flavors and this peanut butter taffy which was tolerable at best, but does serve to enhance this equally mediocre apple jax stuff I got for free.
You're missing the point mate, I'm not a BlueCheck advocate. I don't like Agechecker, *thats* the point. Also your screenshot is not indicative of my experience with Agechecker, I wasn't on mobile so obviously its going to look a little different. But the first thing Agechecker did was ask me for my ID and describe how easy it was going to be for me to send them a copy.
Not international and I have no issue using other forms of age verification. Obviously it's your prerogative, disappointing none the less.
Why did Sally fall off the swings? Cause she's got no arms. *Knock Knock* Who's there? Well it ain't Sally.
I would recommend to your friend that they find the will power to curb sweets without picking up a new and unhealthy habit. Vaping is nowhere near as bad as smoking, true, it is still by no means harmless.
I hated my Dad when I was a kid, absolutely despised him, cause he never made it easy. I wanted little to do with him and swore I would never be anything like him. It wasn't until I became a Dad that I began to appreciate what that really meant. He taught me, forced me really, to hold myself to a higher standard. Taught me about self-respect, honor, discipline. Doing the right thing for it's own sake, not for fear of reprisals, nor for what rewards there may be. He taught me how to be true to myself and to constantly seek to better myself. He was an under educated Vet, got his diploma in the Army, barely and supported his family with the strength of his back. He always worked more hours then he slept. But he still found time to attend classes whenever we could afford it and to consume books constantly. Never fiction, only historical or educational texts. In his fifties this man could out work anyone on site. He could fix anything, build anything and debate anything. He taught me to turn wrenches, taught me to how to lay beads, but also taught me critical thinking and the value of education and intelligence. He passed away two Decembers ago. He turned 60, about a week later was diagnosed with Liver cancer. He spent the next six months fighting like hell and reassuring all of *us* that it was going to be ok. That he was proud of us all, and loved us all and that he had made peace with this world. He had bought my mother a home in the mountains like he had always promised to do. He had Granddaughters like he always wanted and they knew him and would remember him. So he was okay with whatever happened. When he died it seemed like a relief for him, but we're all still standing around sort of shell shocked. I sort of laugh now whenever I think back to angsty little rebel me when I was a kid and how much I fucking hated my Dad. I was such a dickweed, but my Dad knew what it was like and he never made it easy for me. I'm sure it would have been easier for him to just let me be the little asshole I seemed so bent on being. But he didn't and now whenever anyone tells me I'm so much like him, I couldn't be happier.
If I'm understanding what you're asking for correctly you should try some of what u/bottomofthemap is selling.
I quit with the same device not too long ago and you're going to love it. If you're anything like me the Menthol thing is going to get old fast, and I actually smoked Menthols before quitting. Definitely try out some other flavors and consider getting a second tank to switch between flavors as you like.
Have you tried switching flavors? Maybe your burnt out or over saturated with the flavor you've been using. I'm kind of new so I don't have a lot info but maybe it's "Vaper's Tongue". Which is apparently olfactory fatigue that some new vapors experience in the early stages or transitioning from cigarettes.
Kind of like you said where it was close but still too far off. Also once I started trying other flavors, they're just superior in everyway. Once you've hit a vape that tastes like a delicious dessert or your favorite gum or candy or like an amazing Latte or something. Even a *good* menthol just won't satisfy. At the very least you'll want Menthol *and* some other flavor. For example cinnamon candy (red hot) and Menthol is a good mix.
Try some of the remedies for Vaper's Tongue. See if it helps.
Depends on the juice, but I would say $40-50 is probably pretty average. Thats €35-45 is I understand Euros correctly. You could certainly spend more though.
Rocky Star Trek and Back to the Future sounds like a fun weekend.
&gt;What do toys and boobs have in common? You're not supposed to play with them in church? Since you guys brought up Boobs I'll give you a Dad jokes on Bra's What do Germans call a bra? *Schtapzemfrömfloppen* What did the bra say to the hat? *You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.* A dyslexic guy walks into a bra. I met a girl with 12 nipples. Sounds funny, dozen tit?
Pico + Target Pro. Very compact, no compromise on Flava.
Grass, about *yaaaaaay* high.
Have you gone through all your grounds? Not because I'm aware of a specific vulnerability with 240s, but because whenever I've had a lighting or general electrical issue it has either been improved or resolved by going through and cleaning up and sometimes even moving my ground connections.
A higher ratio of PG tends to produce more throat hit and higher concentrations of Nicotine tend to produce more throat hit.
It absolutely is not, those are black painted steel bumpers. Look at the lower valance. [Pre Facelift](http://cteurotrash.com/images/mark1.jpg) , [Post facelift](http://13252-presscdn-0-94.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/1991_BMW_318is_E30_For_Sale_resize.jpg)
Honest question; how come people don't put [links](http://www.123vapors.com/) in these kinds of posts? Seriously?
&gt; and then we scurry away with the box office purse And report a massive loss, cause bad movies don't make money.
If you strictly must have something that small you should settle with the JUUL. It's *not* as small as a cigarette but is as close as you can get and still not suck. If you can compromise a little bigger you'd probably be much happier with an Innokin Endura T18/T20/T22.
I'm in the states and no we don't.
/r/Shitty_Car_Mods
I was the other winner on this giveaway. I'm still learning the ropes so I don't really feel qualified to do a write up like this. But I do want to give props to the team who were great to interact with. Ordering was easy, I received the juice very quickly. Considering this juice was effectively free to me and as I said it's all still pretty new to me I decided to experiment a little. I learned that I should get in the habit of steeping and I don't like fruit flavors. Half my order was Maui Wowi and Blue Razz, which were exactly as described and *very* flavorful, but too sweet for me. I've given them to a friend I'm encouraging to quit smoking and she is head over heels for them, especially Blue Razz. The rest of my order was Apple Jax, which I like quiet a bit and have been mixing with a Peanut Butter Taffy I got from Craft Vapor with great success. The last flavor is Pucker CK, which blew the top of my head off. It's so delicious and I was frankly shocked that such a complex flavor can come across in vape. All in all, kick ass job Valor Vapor, thanks again for the giveaway and keep up the good work.
r/Volvo would like a word with your brother!
r/battlecars
Not a car.
I can't take this cat seriously. I feel like if he and Dr. Disrespect made eye contact across a smokey bar, suddenly Dream Weaver would come in on the JukeBox and the bar would turn into a field of daisies so they could run in slow motion towards each other for five minutes.
Try a few Pastry, Coffee, or Nutty types. Or identify a specific flavor that you're a fan of, like a cereal you life or an actual candy or gum flavor you know you like and find something that imitates that specifically.
Best gift I ever gave my Father for Fathers Day, I cleaned his shop, pegboarded every wall and organized all his tools. Took about a week of doing it every day after school. At the time he was trucking and had come home after an extra long stint out just in time for Father's Day. Made it a lot easier for him to spend time on his project cars when he was home instead of getting off just to deal with more work.
What's this three, four giveaways in like the last month? You guys are crazy. I like it.
Does juice go flat? Like if I put Juice in a tank and I'm vaping on it here and there, does it change or get stale within some period of time?
Let's say 3-5 days.
Light like sunlight?" Or don't put it in near a TV or a lamp.
Thanks for the Giveaway, could be my first RDA.
So I went to the mall yesterday to buy some Camouflage pants but I couldn't find any.
I love seeing idiots risking their lives. With any luck he's going to remove his genes from the pool. Hope he doesn't hurt anyone of any consequence while he's at it.
I still don't think you're getting me here friend. It was a in a state of "not using it". There was never a moment where I could or would've said "I'll come back to this later". Never mind it doesn't matter, thanks.
Depending on the year and model a Crown Vic is already running a 26.5" ish tire. So 5" of lift is gonna be way overkill. 2" would probably be plenty. Between two inches of suspension lift and 2-3" taller tires you're in the ballpark of 5" greater ground clearance in the rear, over all. Which won't be all that significant and the only think you might notice is slightly less available approach angle in the front and a little more body roll in the back.
It could always be worse.
An *Aluminum* 4.7l 4cyl, in 1917. and even at 136HP it's less then 12lbs per HP and probably makes considerable torque.
Looks like a[ Tobeco Super Tank](http://cdn3.volusion.com/myrsg.dceqt/v/vspfiles/photos/TOBSTT-2.jpg?1493256327) clone?
I think it's a Bus. Pretty sure it's a Bus.
Bullshit!
Is it a real M3 or a conversion?
Sonrise sounds good, if I'm reading into the description correctly. :]
In Memory of Pappy.
It is the gift that keeps on giving.
Maybe something from [The Left Rights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GLoHifu6aM)?
* [Kurzgesagt](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q) * [You Suck At Cooking](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w) * [exurb1a](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg) * [colinfurze](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp68_FLety0O-n9QU6phsgw) * [ElectroBOOM](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ0-OtVpF0wOKEqT2Z1HEtA)
The difference between a hard top and a t-top as compared to the difference between a hard top and a vert is barely perceptible. I'd have no problem with a T-Top monster mustang.
That's true. But don't buy VaporFi, fuck those guys.
Is that even a mod? If it's a steel nose car it's probably all factory. Pure sex, but not a "mod".
Okay I spend like ten minutes wondering what the hell "B@M" meant. I almost settled on Bottom, but that didn't make any sense. LOL &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;
Is the Cinnamon Roll as sweet as the Creme Brulee or is it more subdued?
Why is everything in here being downvoted so hard? Did somebody kick a puppy or something? For OP, if you want to go immediately to direct to lung vaping than u/Sychophantom hit the nail on the head. If you want to continue Mouth to Lung, like you did with cigarettes, consider a Nautilus 2 tank instead of the Super Tank Mini. Both are great tanks but great at different things.
He assumes.
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Was there a vote or something?
That poor poor panther. This actually makes me angry.
Bro's in general. Just sayin'.
Vaping is not a sport. That's all I'm gonna say.
Is this the Daily Pics thread or the Weekly Pics thread?
Hey do you recommend steeping your stuff?
I've been looking, longingly at a Copper TC Charon for awhile now. Seems like a well reviewed and attractive compromise for dual batteries without getting *too* big.
I am definitely having these dreams and I'm perfectly fine with that. I know that I won't be smoking ever again, but if I did I would enjoy the shit out of it, so enjoying them in my dreams seems fine to me. I enjoy lots of things in my dreams that I will not actually be doing IRL.
But Robocop did drive a car.
Hey, he really *doesn't* need roads, where he's going.
You appear to have the plate? Why do you need the year
Literally nothing about the MTOD subscription is worth it. The MTOD interface is garbage, the vast majority of it's content is free in places that are easier to navigate with higher quality video and the stuff that isn't, isn't great. I love their content and I'd happily pay for a premium experience but MTOD isn't it.
#**ᑫ⎝ ﾟᴥ ﾟ⎠ᑷ**
All the pros I can see myself and I've heard in reviews suggest it would be a great mod for my battlestation. I will say I think the big block letters on the side are a little tacky, but that *is* the only con I've seen or heard. I think the Black &amp; Red Carbon Fauxber is the more attractive of the two. Last but not least, just in case the site director for VooPoo is poking around in here; Websites which automatically produce audio, for example an embedded video halfway down the very very long page, are bullshit.
I'd like to see.... a molotov passing through the windshield.
Fires fast? As compared to what?
This looks terrible. Bring back Wood and Faust, but get a comedian who's actually funny and knows cars this time.
Oh. Ooooooooooh. Thank you.
What's with all the sad Panthers lately?
Sounds like someone has a case of the ol' Passive Aggressive Bitch on their hands. Bring in a handful of cough drops and next time he starts that shit just slap'm down on his desk. If he complains tell'm you're sick of waiting for him to grow up and handle his shit on his own and you're tired of listening to his huffer lung.
You got Vaseline on your lens again buddy.
Is that a vacuum coupling, or a refrigerant coupling or something?
I know what *kind* of SUV it is, it doesn't matter, it's an SUV. This isn't r/Battle**trucks**, it is &gt;A subreddit for showcasing and discussing rally, offroad, and overland ***passenger cars.***
Yes, likely even, especially in inexperienced hands. But it's equally likely one or more of your sensors simply died. They aren't the most durable pieces of equipment. Considering you had winter tires I'm assuming you live somewhere that gets actual weather like rain and snow which would especially hasten their demise. More to the point what did they *do* to fix them?
Lately? [Bu bu bo be bo bup be bo Bu bu bo be bo bup be bo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxuOK5O6Ivc)
I second your sentiments regarding u/bottomofthemap. That being said just because a behavior is common doesn't mean it's acceptable. Furthermore regardless of whether it bothers you or not, it bothers some people and most importantly it's a violation of Reddits ToS.
I went to the mall to buy some camouflage pants but I couldn't find any.
