Hi! Could you help me with SOE EE this weekend? Im 260 Prestige Master and have completed all other EE's. Im from Finland but I can speak good English and I know how the EE is done.
Yes. When you complete the Fly trap and obtain Annihalitor, you get text "Paradoxical Prologue" and 1000 xp. Plus the Gateworm.
I was so bummed when I realized there is not a Zombie Dark Matter camo... Would've been nice reward after max leveling Pharo
Kt-4 ks horrible in my oppinion, rate it something like 3 out of 10. Masamune in the other hand is pretty good and it kills zombies pretty nicely, 7 out of 10.
Really. I've heard some theories about extra hour of 31st, wich means that one extra hour would be 32nd. After that hour it would be 1st of November. Where I came from, there is deffinetly not that kind of system, but I dont know about America or other countries.
If I'm not wrong, Avanged Sevenfolds "Nightmare" could be found in Moon. And Call of the Dead featured "Not Ready to Die"
I hope this doesnt happen. The Civil Protector at SoE is enough pain for being stupid time to time.
I hate the fact that you cant do SoE EE solo. Never finding decent group of player.
I found three morse code chipper behind links. Also cracked them. Surely someone else has done it also, right?
PS4 Black Ops 3 Shadows of Evil Easter egg. Mic of course. Im from Finland but I can speak good English! Add mthrs on PSN and lets get that baby done! And I have done all other EEs solo so my playing skills shouldnt be a problem. Ps. Im willing to help peoples who struggle ZNS and DE Main EE's
SoE EE, PS4 now! Anyone? Add mthrs and lets play :)
Temporal Gift. And I finally found use for Secret Shopper. In Giant, if you camp the catwalk and have drakon, it makes map super easy. Just throw monkey, get KN wall buy and you'll be fully loaded. Easy 50+ rounds.
I think that is exactly what they're doing :D After all the PaPd Apothican Servant is beast and It would be sweet if it would require some skill to get it.
Oh no, ability to Pap Servant just for bonus!
Just make a hidden location somewhere in the map, no loading needed.
Yeeeah... So if you dont have Giant, you cant do the DLC 4?
Totally agree. I've been at 94% like three months. All though, hardly even play MP anymore.
If you struggle in boss fight, use Head Drama.
Got TranZit calling Card from the only one I opened.
How you can spent that amount of time? :o My Highest round is 74 in ZNS. 1h 45min to setup, got round 31 and win boss fight. Then from round 31 to round 74 took little under 3 hours.
Origins, MotD, Kino (Something easy and fun) and maybe Nuketown or Verruckt for intense Zombies.
Der Eisendrache deffinetly. ZNS is fun, but takes ages to set up for. And if you have few extra bucks, I also recommend to buy The Giant also.
I think DLC 4 will start in woods and end some epic place.
Death Ray and shoot the living hell out of him with Drakon, Brecci, Haymaker or KRM.
Even Tranzit would be good deal for 6 dollas :D
You got more Perkaholics with one spin that I have on inventory..
About 8 and half hours. 12 Diviniums tho! :)
81 Aftertastes and 78 Pop Shocks
My strategy: Completed the EE for all perks. After that I grew two Imprints wich another one I used right away ofc. Ny gobblegums were Cache Back, Alchemical Antihesis, Dead Of Nuclear Winter, Fatal Contraption (I realized mid game, that this was a mistake) and Anywhere but Here (EE purpose only). Even when I had all perks I would leave one gun in the Pack A Punch, I used KN-44 with Dead Wire and Masamune. I camped the Boss Fight hall way as long as I could (20-75 Rounds all the way basicly). After those rounds Masamunes ammo capacity wasnt enough and Nan Sapwe was getting also empty. So I used shit loads of traps and train Zombies pretty much every part of the map and let Dead Wire do the trick :)
That many Cache Backs :o Damn boy of I could buy those from you I would!
On BO2 Mob of the Dead is my favorite. Burried is huge pain in the ass even with good team. In Black Ops 3 I only hate one EE beside Giant (duh) and that is Shadows of Evil. Dont get me wrong, I enjoy the steps, but Im bummed that you cant do it solo..
Knights room from those two. I would recommend that Lauching Pad over the Double Tap. Easy getaway if Panzer gets you off guard.
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From round 81 to the end :)
https://youtu.be/tpNKzFAIum4 From 81 to 94 :) Can catch my strategy pretty well.
Still not worth carrying around for 7 rounds to get one panzer kill..
Imprints.
There is always an easy way to kill Margawa/Panzer/Trasher.
Five hours? And just got a bow. Man, just restart. And the main thing: What the damn hell?
It would make DE boss fight sooooo much harder for some peoples.
Sheiva with all attachments and Double Tap is insanely good!
Lucky you. Dodged that mule kick.
No. Nothing special happens.
He says that also in consoles.
Ultimate camping spot
No one uses Ray Gun anymore..
The first one will dissapear if you Imprint yourself twice.
Lets face it, Perkaholic is good when new maps come out, easier to get used to. But in DE you dont need to use perkaholic. Jugg, Double Tap, Speed Cola and Widows wine really is all you need.
You know whats even harder? Trying to get Widows Wine from Wunderfizz.
I tried that once, zombies dont move but neither does the Shadowman.
That is what happens if I remember it correctly. It is a while back so I may remember it wrong.
Chiper. "My name is my name. My name? Oh, yes, it is Gersh. How long have I been floating? Minutes? Years? Where is now? I guess I can forgive Yuri. I quite like my new form. Hmmm, where am I now. A city on fire by a river. I know this place. Finally, I am home."
HG40 wonder weapon? Yeah, what ever you say.
How did you strugle with Dredge or Gorgon is the real question.
I love them all so far. But Der Eisendrache takes top place for now beacuse of the awesome Main Easter Egg I found fun to do every time.
These look insane!
Origins, Mob of the Dead for sure! Maybe Kino Der Toten for easy games. And Nuketown/Verruckt/Five for harderd and more intense Zombie exprience.
Sorry for ruining your day, but Level 200 are Power-Ups. Level 500(?) opens some perk icons.
I deffinetly would. But I think Treyarch wouldnt add this kind of feature to the game.
Yes you can. Aim assist and Target assist.
This is little bit off topic, but levels dont always tell the truth about players ability. I have met 1st prestige dudes who play like RelaxingEnd and Prestige Masters who play like Owen..
Pretty much everyone knows about this. And you dont have to press any button(s). Money just comes back on your account like you grabbed a Carpenter.
It would be fun if Kino Der Toten and Ascesion made a comeback.
Currently using Dead Wire. Im waiting towards to level 500 to obtain some sweet perk icons.
You just learn so much new things and you remember those little details much better in my oppinion!
Yea. Last two arrows/AS shot/Masamune burst, you pop AA and boom, max ammo instantly.
If you are playing solo I belive its gonna spawn only 1 Margawa
Milo, NoahJ, RelaxingEnd, SmithPlays and Nixaru (Showdowns).
On the other hand, Call Of the Dead was all about melee.
Yeah. It bums me that there arent any normal pistols beside MR6 and Bloodhound. Black Ops 1 had Pynthon, CZ75 (+Dual) and the starting pistol. And Black ops 2 had Five-Seven (+Dual), Pynthon and Excutioner.
Mmmh... Party thread.
I talex the word normal. Full automatic pistol with a 20 round mag? Thats a freakin SMG :D And for the same reason I did not mention Kap-40 or B323R etc.
Thanks for mentioning! Looks sweet, nice job!
You dashboarded. Just end the game and loose the GG's you used. You'll always get new ones.
That water thing was amazing!
Deffinetly new glitch. I have done DE main easter egg countless times since relased and almost always used Head Drama, deffinetly didnt work that good.
3 Revives and rest are from Civil Protector
I have made a post for the odds, check my posts and you'll find it.
Wow. Harder than I though... I would say Call Of The Dead. But either one you pick, you wont be dissapointed.
Nice! Nothing useless really.
Basicly just High Rounds. Map doesnt matter, tactic doesnt matter. Just go as high round as you can. The longer you go, more xp you'll get.
The trap doesnt kill zombies in High Rounds. And I always choose Widows Wine over Speed Cola.
Your controller is broken. I had these same problems while back, bought a new controller, problem solved.
I know it doesnt appear on Giant, but I remember getting it on Shadows of Evil.
Stairs in clock tower. Rounds will fly by.
I really hope they add all four in every map as a box weapon. And of course in the Weapon kits. Marshall duals with Fast Mags? Rest in peaces Zombies.
So was he.
So Death and Taxes would have double explosion?
Mmm... The levitation is already in cutscene.
And easily breakable.
DLC: Not gonna throw any guess, but it starts with N.
Fire shield doesnt seem right... In my opinnion it looks something like acid or Nova 6 Gas.
"PPSH aint coming back. No there will not be new Ray Gun" - Look what happened...
They should add them all in Weapon Kits. Everything from Bootleger to PPSH.
Literally every sceptic person ever.
Mmmm..? Far, Close?
What is the odd thing?
Sheiva is awesome. I choose it over RK5 10 out of 3 times.
With his seven wifes and numerous kids.
2 weeks aint that long.
I think he is dragon.
Something that starts with D (again) or N. So the DLC packs would spell out DEAD or A END.
Really? I mean REALLY?
With those avg. rounds, I cant say Im suprised. No mean to offend anyone!
Camping at boss fight hallway and everytime I run out of ammo (every round after 80) I just train Zombies all over the map and used Traps and KN-44 with Dead Wire to kill them.
Personal Best.
With 😂-emoji on his Twitter, I really belive he is joking.
Zoom in and you can regonise Pack A Punch machine.
Downvoted for helping? Okay.
And his weak foot doesnt feel like 3*. He can easily bang one in with left foot. I didnt like Griezmann, I prefer Benzema more.
That was awful defending.
Awesome. I used his inform before gettin that SBC. Little over 1 goal contribution/game.
With Shadow? Yeah, easily.
He did.
Im dad, my son is 10 months. At week I play after he goes to sleep. So I play about 3 hours a day. At weekends with WL being on, I play while he takes naps (usually 1 hour - 2 hours) so it makes possible to play about five games during that time. And again, when night arrives and he sleeps. I play about 10 games. This weekend I played 15 games on friday and 14 on saturday. Today I've played 5 games and have six remaining, so I have no problem finishing my games. But if I win 3 matches ( Gold 1) with games remaining I wont finish them.
Servers are fine like always. I've won 22 games, 6 left to play. Hopefully I finish at Gold 1.
Deffinetly Rakitic. Set piece god with good shooting.
Trippier and Milner. Really wanted Willian.
Where are you from and how fast is your internet connection?
I belived that way also. Then I slapped Shadow on my SBC Kurzawa to replace Anchor and he was so much faster.
Sometimes games show assist even the player didnt get one. I've seen my players to get assist on penalty goal. Often the Player Ratings shows assists wrong, if you do a rebound goal.
The only time you get better opponent is in Final. I cant imagine losing before that.
Oh, I thought regionals. /s
Leave emojis to Instagram.
Sbc Lacazette and best super sub ever: IF Carrasco.
Thats commitment!
It wont.
I used Kurzawa with anchor and he gets outrunned against pacy wingers very easily. I now use him with shadow and couldnt be more happier with it.
Try his Totgs card. Best CB in the game.
Both were your fault.
No Im not. World Record in CotD is 84 or something similar.
A) PhD would be useless imo. B) Blundell said he dont want to bring Grief back because he thought it was un-finished game mode. C) Devs arent assholes.
Yep! I hope they would've made Panzers more challenging tho.
He wont make it to my bench either.
Its 2017 and people still cant; A) Use screen capture B) Take a photo straight.
Everything is found in a code.
I loved Rakitic. Still sad that I couldnt fit him in my current team.
Hmm.. Interesting. Maybe its region thing?
Why everybody is hyped over Musa? Yes he is fast, but he is soooo weak. If you shoot a ball at him, he will most likely die.
Same. Yesterday I watched YouTubers first playthroughs on SoE and Giant. Good times.
Too much trouble to get it. Easier to just use Head Drama.
As long as the game is enjoyable, I really dont care what players they use.
He will drop more. I think he will be around 2-2,5k after weekend.
IF would be good, but he is still a mile behind his SBC.
Play games. Dont sim them.
Elo ranking = Skill Points....
Wait untill you are picked in Starting 11 and play the game(s).
13 minutes more = 11:59:35. That would've been perfect.
Yeah! Played 14 games with him, scored 16 and assisted 8. Solid card.
Thats just completly different thing.
Özil, Mahrez + multiple 83-84's. Did about 25 of them.
You can set it on from the same place you hide user name and replace that with players name.
Someone didnt get anything from 20k Fifa points?
Most likely yes. Unless regular/Movember Ibra goes extinct.
Switch Ben Yeder and Vietto around. Left side La Liga, right side Calcio A. Problem solved.
Alaba aint shit tho.
Because Ea Access.
Not that delay. The delay that loads the walk out animation.
No. When you open the pack and it shows the stadium, it you watch the stadium for 2-3seconds you know its a walkout.
With Shadow he is good.
Of course the game doesnt play the same every game. Why? Maybe because you are still wiping tears from not qualifying again and you make stupid mistakes and you are against player who plays different style of football or is juts better than you.
He is useless. I cant understand people who use him in WL. Super easy to defend against.
He's good but Rakitic was better for me.
Of course he can. And will.
Depends what kind of card he gets. But prpbably 30-45k.
....
Winter upgrade is the answer.
Yeah, during Toty people opened like million packs.
Same thing for me. I purchased Ben Afra and now I cant let him go. I even opened two 125k pack with coins, one of them I get Pogba. I sold him, I like Ben Afra too much...
What?
Flare? Neither have I. Only noticed it now.
Nope. Gold 1 is the first that gives you an 100k pack(s).
Probably around TOTS to be honest.. Cant see them giving you an 93 (atleast) rated Higuain at this point of the season.
Not with that attitude.
Yes.
Ben Yedder did better than Griez. And Im quite happy about it considering I got coins back from Griez and Ben Yedder is untradeble.
:DDDDDD Sure thing chief!
New one. Edit: Just search for IF that has never gotten IF before and see when hes been listed.
He ment the squad in total. Not one player.
I got Alonso and Arnautovic. Not too dissapointed.
He is so going to hack your account.
Barney supposed to see this.
What about those four people who got round 255 in 2 and Half hour? They had over 200 Round Robbins. And now a WR.
Wtf are you trying to say?
No.
Sure.
Sorry, I was joking. I dont even have 670+k :(
I use Koscielny and IF Thiago Silva, solid duo. Lloris in goal.
"JUST. LIKE. THAT!"
They were. PSG didnt want to loan him.
SBC Lacazette. Also 7 chem IF Carrasco was superb!
I would say buy a new LB. Zero links for Kurzawa.
Koscielny.
Tremolinas -&gt; Alba
Toulouse LB is 18k instasold. Because he is extinct. And CB's/RB are 14-18 each. So 66k only for defenders.
Same problem as Ben Afra. Only If they could have 90+ stamina..
You are right. But Xhakas red card wasnt deserved. Imo.
Win and clean sheet can could be enough. I havent noticed much defenders stand out performances this weekend. Except Ramos.
Try him out :) Or cheap option: Navas.
Why would you sell player that plays in 5 minutes?
That Cech.
Basic boosts shit invidual stats. Doesnt anyone realize that?
Id say first one. Boateng is god among humans in Defence.
I ment in DKT. Never had a 4 or 5 bar. Even the 3 bar is rare for me.
For the same reason why Kante and Martial are high prices for 80+ Rated players. They are insanely good players.
If Florenzi.
MM is every week?
Yeah, but you typed "MM every month"
I think this is an odd topic.. But my answer would be Boateng. He is a mountain on wheels, almost impossible to score against.
Whoooooosh.
With 2* weak foot?
Lloris. Deffinetly.
Because LA Galaxy SBC is price fixed. Same happened to NYFC.
Pastore is good shout! Otherwise I dont plan on making changes. Dont want to spend too much coins for 1,5day torney.
except stamina.
So do you also think Messi is shit player?
Suarez was stand out with Goal and assist. Clearly not enough from Striker against shitty team.
Im so pissed off I opened my 5 TOTW Tradeble packs while trying to get Naiggolan. This week looks freaking awesome!
His card looks awesome! Would play at CDM no doubt!
I used to listen this every day, such an awesome song! Reason? GTA San Andreas.
Ea messed up with that LM thing. He played central whole game.
Griez, Benzema or IF Ben Yedder.
Only once.
Maybe 70-75%. Im glad I dont. But have a few players in my squad.
Nintendo should be: "Please, play online"
White house is actually Team Rocket hideout!
Always choose the doge.
Really? Huuuuuuuge mistake.
Because they are extinct.
Cheeky 700k worth of untradebles.
Ibra did as well on Ligue 1. Yet we got Lacazette. Ibra moved to ManU hence 2nd top scorer got SBC.
Or Coentrao.
Sooooo... You cant defend after AI defence got patched? Got it.
Yes it does. Both does. "Idiot".
I think PL requirement is bullshit. If they do Ligue, La Liga, Bundesliga, Calcio A after it, its okay. Otherwise fucking anoying.
Kante for Rooney? To get Griez on full chem.
I dont understand how peoples are able to pull this off. I would lose the ball before I make it to half way.
That consumes time like hell.
Kosc.
I hate the fact that within a week I have to have a BPL squad. Fucking hate that idea...
And OP?
You wont even make to Gold 3 with your performances :) But cheer up buddy, you can always qualify via Daily Knockouts!
Oh thank god!
Hmm.. Interesting, might give it a go and try it out!
Maybe because you hit it with and outside foot volley?
I use them both atm. Lacazette (SBC) is better.
I used Lloris, Koscielny and Scream Bellerin. They were awesome, even after I downgraded Scream Bellerin to his normal one.
Switch with Kante to get 10chem.
Minor update: Matuidi to Movember Matuidi. That +5 is nice boost!
Couldnt be arsed*
IF Dembele? Sure as hell! He is insane. But then you have to find french Rb. Or legend.
Stupidest thing I've read this week.
Only real problem for Silver teams is weak stamina.
That Yedlin card is insane!
105k-2m price range on PS4. I would guess the same one is on Xbox aswell. On PS4 you can get him for 795k though! (What a shit deal)
But he got MOTM Podolski and Cavani.
What I do every WL: Tune down the commentary to half. Listen my WL playlist on spotify and just keep myself calm. It just makes the game better and more playable for me.
Never had lag before (always 3 out of 3 bars). Now I always have 2/3 bars and still dont face any lag.
Just some EDM/Rap/Rock mixed up. Songs I enjoy and which motivates me to play harder.
I hope I could sell my 91 rated Higuain. He is not an SBC, but I'd love to list him up. From SBC I would sell Barry and Defoe.
Oh, okay. That makes much more sense. Sorry for misunderstanding.
Now you are just confusing me.
That was beatiful! If you dont have arrow, does it affect you when taking this kind of penalty?
Same! Got KDB in that pack.
I just posted how to do it! :)
Helping people and getting downvoted? Okay. Edit: Use any players you want, just follow the links :)
IF Germain, KDB are only worth mentioning.
SIF Dybala is Cam. But I agree with Nain.
Okay :(
Niang needs loalty.
Missing loyalty?
Somebody is pretty pissed off :D Go grab a beer mate!
You lost 4 in a row because of delay and decides to play one more? Nice call :D
This way, yes.
Could be. I only tried the way I completed it.
Nice! I think I got something better; Nainggolan! Insta sold for 74k on PS4!
Tier 5 is the highest. Tier 1 was lowest (0-9 log ins).
I would make defence stronger. There is way too many weak links.
AJ is class imo. Really nice lad, I like his voice.
Change Verratti for Fernandinho and go BPL for right side. Cheap option.
Kante?
Deffinetly the best way. I've used that tactic since FIFA 11.
Gz! I was on my way to Elite 1 after 14-1 start. Im 14-16 now. Lit streak.
Just curiosiry: Is there FUT Champs kinda event in Nhl 17?
Im guessing PC.
I had same issue with Ramos-Kosc pair. I got IF Thiago Silva as untradeble and swapped him in for Ramos. Now my defence feels good again.
Or in Fifa 11. Every 35+ yrd shot with Pato, Geovanni or Ronaldinho was a insta goal.
Toulouse is like 100k on its own :D Then ASNL is another pretty damn expensive one.
There is always that one people who cant read.
NIF Dybala &gt; TIF Higuain.
I swear WWE was more entertaining (and dare I say, more realistic?) back in 2000-2005.
When I got him from those packs, I later submitted him to a TOTW SBC. Özil had same destiny.
Market has been stable as fuck this year. And game is pretty enjoyable. FUT Champs can be pain in the ass and nerv wrecking.
Aint EA gonna give a chance to get 92+ rated player this time of an year.
They couldnt decide those. EA doesnt give PotM awards :D
They are not. You probably sold someone with SBC value. Only 46 and 45 overall players are worth something.
Fairly easy. You have to win like 45% of your games.
Nope. Edit: Well yeah, it should've been fixed but it hasnt.
Pace spectacles.
I could gave you my TIF Higuain if that was possible.
You deffinetly arent grown ass man. You might be "old" but this post makes me think you are mentally about 15 yo.
Origins. Close second is MotD and DE.
There is no way in hell EA would remove WL. The rankings/ranking system could change though.
EA would shoot themselves to foot if they'd remove WL.
[I'd say so](https://imgur.com/gallery/XLMtk) and there are plenty of good players who cant make it to this team (Ibra and Lloris from EPL).
This is just my opinnion, but this is the coolest cover since 2004.
Im more concerned about Alves.
[Match stats](https://imgur.com/gallery/6GvvW) I missed a few very good chances, because my hands were so sweaty! He is so clinical that I cant understand it.
No, he switched to 4-3-1-2
There is no other person side on DKT/WL. There is your connection to the EA servers and the other persons connection to the same server. There is a chance that there are no EA Servers near you and that causes lag.
Not in my experiences, I've gotten hate messages for ruining someones connection in WL. They had crazy input delay or speed up lag while my game ran smoothly.
More traffic on that specific server. Or on the first game you are connected to server in Italy, the next game can connect you to Miami.
I'd love Cafu! And Rogerio Ceni.
Im debating between Ronaldo and Icon edition.
I've enjoyed FIFA 17 gameplay quite much. Few stupid things (auto lunges, players complining or "injuring" while game is on can be frustarating) could be fixed tho.
I have Nat-3 and I've played over 2000 games without lag or any other BS.
TOTS Keane and Smalling. Also TOTGS Varane and Koscielny were good.
This isnt first one tho. Someone posted pic when he logged into companion app, he had duplicate Marquinhos sitting on the unassinged list.
Pele is most deffinetly rarest player to pack, so you can consider yourself very lucky.
Ehehehehhheee... Original.
Thats on FutHead. He probably doesnt have him.
Doesnt 'Cautious' trait bother you?
Lallana. At CAM, leathal as fuck with that 5 star weak foot.
Deffinetly yes.
If those levels lost upsets you, just make a new account and grind career mode. You'll easily gain 15-20 levels before FIFA 18.
Not even that high.
Transfer market is good reflect on that also: XB1 has about 850,000 players on transfermarket, meanwhile PS4 has 3,000,000
Fucking beatiful!
American Idol.
Would've been nice to open in console, those flares would've been beatiful to see.
No it hasnt.
SBC Suarez. 480 goals in 520 games.
Stoppage time goes too fast when you are losing, and too fast when you are winning. So I guess its a good lenght as it is. Edit: Yeah, I ment too slow when you are winning!
Thats what I ment to write, but I fucke'd it up.
I played 36 games last sunday. That was a rough run.
Suarez.
I've never seen that many played games.
And stupidest.
All I can tell is that Franz isnt one of the CB's.
Those arent details. Legends gets a green link between eachother anyway.
Trigueros?
There is only two good bronze strikers: Scream Mor and IF Vassel.
Nothing over 81 is a lie.
Every weekend you could stop complaining and getting tilted.
Nope.
y tho?
Yet you played 40 games of it? Makes sense.
So you are 2-23. Dont worry mate, you wouldnt have hitted Gold 3 anyway.
Okay? I just countes your record and that makes me a cunt.
His TOTS has a nice stamina.
So the DC didnt cost you Gold 3.
I'd get rid of James and move Boateng at CAM.
I played 36 games straight last weekend league. I was exhausted.
One time when I lost game in WL, I thought I'd play Skyrim for a 30 or so minutes and then play more FIFA. Two days later, I had 35 games to play in one day.
I've played over 2000 games and disconnected like 5 times.
Im pretty sure minor leagues are up from Wed 6PM to Friday 6PM.
Yeah, thats the way it is. Somehow messed up the days.
Damn, that card really does look good.
How fast most of defenders are at this time of the game, it deffinetly isnt enough.
Every Legend goalie works as well.
Scripting isnt in the game, but if it makes you feel better, sure. And why does everyone get so upset for using silvers? Its not like you are the only dude in planet that has to use three silvers.
Its 50-50 for me. I hated Keanes SIF (Got him from monthlies) but his TOTS plays really well! He and Smalling are deffinetly the Best CB pairing for me.
What is the special thing here? Am I missing something? Goalie making saves and full back scoring? Unreal.
And if Totti would've been on Madrid, they might have not won any.
So is yours. What if Totti missed chance someone else would've scored? Yeah, Real wouldnt win CL that year.
I dont even know why we are talking about this. Totti stayed, didnt won CL, remains as Serie A legend.
Kurt junior.
I once rage tackel and got red card when I was 2-0 down in WL. Edit: In b4 r/madlads
Epsilon Joey?
So what would replace those items in packs?
PS4 my a mile. Xbox 1 players on transfer market: 550,000 PS4 players on transfer market: 3,000.000
I have TOTS Lallana that doesnt make it to my main team, even I think he is one of the best CAMs this year.
So 280k for three silvers. What a bargain.
That team cant even play DKT.
Nice idea. EA would just incrase the price of Fifa Points by 10 times as high as now.
For me he was awful. Couldnt catch a ball to save his life.
You must have pathetic life.
Same.
About 30 packs in. Iniesta two times, Pedro Leon and Neymar.
Wonder if this is fake, anyone?
Lallana is great value for money!
Does 5ATB really fit in current Meta? I cant think anyone who is really succesful with it. Okay, Tass, but he is beast with any formation and uses wing backs on overlap.
Its ZNS exclusive. Has always been in ZNS.
Wtf, thats awesome return! I wish you all the luck for your pack opening. I was one of the lucky once and packed Neymar.
Bateson has finished TOP 100 quite many times. I have to give some credit for that.
He is decent, he will be one of the silvers in my WL squad. Im going to sub him off at half time or 60min mark and bring TOTS Meite.
No.
I really like Hunting We Will Go this year. And Wheel of Futune is awesome aswell.
Richtofen, is that you?
I use TOTS Lallana, TOTS Seri and 2 POTM Son.
TOTS Lallana is top 3 best CAMs I've used this year, unreal shooting.
Onazi and Mesa
TOTS Meite.
I'm pretty sure 99% of r/Gaming knows who is Zelda and who is Link.
He packed like 4 La Liga TOTS from Prime packs. Including 98 Neymar.
Wtf did I read?
Would do, but I dont have extra 3 millions to get the other players.
24 wins / week would give you Elite monthly. So yeah, there is that.
But does he give link to Son and Bale?
Wow, what a creative mind.
Y tho? Standard EPL team. My dog could create more creative squad.
Great catch, detective.
But what was the point of posting this? There is 10 meta players in + Shaw. These kinds of squads are posted (and removed) 1736 times a day
From a business point of view, good move.
My favorite CM this year.
Not my players. I use invidual fitness cards after every game for IF Ben Yedder and SBC David Luiz. And every second game, I apply squad fitness.
Serbia was even cheaper!
You should've replied: Get a Callejon loll.
About 2100.
Yeah, Meite is just awesome! And I know I wont use Knud that much, but its nice to have a back up. And he looks decent.
Yeah, there might be few hiddeng gems for cheap, but pretty much every top tier silver is expensive. Luckily I got mine trough Bronze upgrade, so he is untradable.
Make sure you found the right Mangler. I once tried to escort red eyed Mangler, rip that attempt.
1 TOTS Player Pack (Untradeble). Would include all the Gold TOTS cards.
I've done like 12 new accounts and never packed anyone over 83 rated with those accounts.
5 accounts on Xbox and 6 + main account in PS4. Done every Advanced SBC and Pro League few times. My main account has had deffinetly best SBC luck.
I must wonder how most people have DC problems. I've disconnected like 10 times in 2100 games and atleast three of them was my own fault.
Thats must be why W2S (1-2-138 record) had to use 5000€ and only good thing he packed was Messi.
KSI has turned down over 100,000 sponsor deals, I can only imagine how fucking much he made from coin promoting.
In that case its totally up to you, risk it or risk it later :D
Thats a solid plan! Hopefully you pull something nice from Serie A packs!
He just misspelled Neymar.
Top 10 in every weekend.
I'd buy TOTS Pereira and use him as LB on 7 chem.
Yeah! Also got Pogba from those SBC's.
Twice. Luckily the second one was tradable :D
Simon Moses is pretty good. 91 pace, 5 star/ 4 star.
When Sweden and Denmark face each other, the first three letters from each team spells "SweDen" and left over letter spell "DenMark". Nice team btw.
Well... Nick.
That line is seriously so stupid :D
Probably requires like an 88 rated squad with two blues.
Yeah, could be. Fuck. Just sold my last IF's.
TOTS Neymar from La Liga pack (untradeble), Ronaldo from Two Player pack (untradable) and OTW Pogba from OTW Pack.
Because 9Gag was a thing 10 years ago.
And? He is offside.
But at the passing time he was offside? What dont you understand?
Do you?
They've been got to me. Best pulls so far: Isco (sold for 590k), Dembele (Sold for 400k) and Carrasco that I will keep.
About 25. And Im still doing these, funnier way to get higher rated cards for TOTS SBC's:
"Fuck this garbage" is pretty common though if you do poorly.
Weekend League is best thing ever happened to FUT. SBC's are close second
OTW Pogba.
You cant pack regular Nainngolan if you open that pack when you receive it.
Okay.
He is fucking beast. 150 games and almost 200 goals for me.
Damn, thats some bad luck.
No.
Beast at CAM.
Decent. His stamina is a bit of a let down.
I've had Kante and Smalling for the longest time already!
Im guessing he missed one and that is 100k pack, not 125k.
Yeah no. I also packed Parades tho.
Nothing new here.
Mkhitaryan is awesome at CAM.
Roberto Firmino is awesome.
Replace Gignac. Asap.
The 85 is good enough. But the 86 will of course be better.
At CAM he is one of the best choices in the game. 4 star skill moves, 5 star weak foot, insanely good passing and godly shooting. Ecspesially his finesse shots are out of this world.
Because 125k pack was the only one that guaranteed/containedTOTS players.
Yes. I used Ibrahimovic (also untradable) to get untradeble TOTS and I think even that was worth it.
Seven fucking special cards + two 84's. Unreal.
Decent.
Nice pull! I packed TOTS Mertens the same way.
No its not. Its called RNG and luck.
Nothing worth mentioning.
This is off topic, but I've done over 600 two rare gold player pack and packed some insane walkouts. Its only luck and you'll pack one :)
Pretty much same for me. Divisions is playable, but Im not touhcing FUT Draft.
Deffinetly.
Finland :D
Or you know, normal Messi would be enough.
GyUs, cOuLd We hIT tEn ThOuSaNd LikES? GuYs? FiFa MyTh CoNFirMed.
Deffinetly best RTG on YouTube. Fuji is close second.
Seriously, teams like this scare the living shit out of me.
Is this third time you post this? And for the third time: Any Special Alonso is miles ahead.
Am I the only one who scores 5+ goals against Butland? Like every game I face him.
I'd sell Lukaku and put Kante on that same spot.
But seriously, who buys these for 300 coins? Lazy people?
But squad fitness sells for 2000 If you buy 10 invidual it costs 3000.
If can, buy TOTS Keane and Smalling. They are just insane CB pair.
Finesse is always better option.
What am I supposed to see here?
That would kill Informs price.
Umm... They are broken how?
Well, thats basicly free promo for EA.
Nephentez RTG. Daily uploads, gives pretty good tips and advices on early stages of the game. And this subreddit is also good place to pick up some info and tips.
No, thats a fucking insane team.
I was sure it was going to be Neymar.
Pretty good, 8/10 or even 9/10. BPL Ugrades: Lallana and Keane Bundi Upgrades: Guerreiro Ligue 1 Upgrades: Diony, Mendy, Bourdebouz, Seri La Liga Upgrades: Neymar and Pedro Leon Serie A Upgrades: Belotti Two Rare Gold Player packs: Klaasen, Karsdrop, Izquedeiro, Bruma, Martins Bronze upgrade: Meite 82+ Guarantee: Mertens TOTS Guarantee: Isco, Carrasco, Dembele
Used his NIF for 1600 games. Upgraded for his TOTS and he is still too short. Now Im using NIF De Gea and he is better than TOTS Lloris.
Yeah. I cant understand if someone is getting destroyed why would he stick around? He could be decent fella and save time.
Im guessing you take wrong shots on 1v1s.
I have never seen such a defensive line up.
Deffinetly!! Little bit sceptic about Lahm tho, after all; he has a TOTS card.
Same! Shame that EA arent allowed to do Liverpool Alonso. I'd do anything to get that card.
Interesting thought. And you could be right.
Atleast you tried.
No one needs that.
[This](https://imgur.com/gallery/6vTFK)
SBC Kurzawa with Sentinel vs Kurzawa with Shadow was a huge improvemnt.
Chill 1995 Hit single.
I'd go with Messi. Even though I love Pogba and I've used his OTW for card over 1,000 games. Messi is just another level.
On PS4 gameplay is soooooo fucking good right now.
