It was the Wind Fish's dream. So when it awoke, they ceased to exist.
Also, Ivalice continues to exist, he just makes the kids leave it. It's also implied that they can travel back and forth if the post game is canon. So it's more like Marche just wanted his friends to accept that that wasn't their world, rather than abandon it for their shitty lives.
The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
By a Japanese(-American) guy, as a modern spin on a Japanese custom. Surely they'd be considered Japanese as well.
China is a massive country, which more region differences than you can count, and a storied history filled with more change than most other countries. To suggest that there is no true Chinese equivalent of modern Ameri-Chinese foods is nonsense. There's a fun buzzfeed video where Chinese and Chinese Americans eat Panda Express. Most of the video is Chinese Americans claiming that the food is bullshit and nothing like China, while the older generations' opinions are mixed from "awful", "this is really close", to "this is great, just like home" - orange chicken in particular is dismissed by a kid while an older man says that it would be accepted by the Chinese. What someone from one locale of China can find alien, another may find spot on.
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I think I made my initial point unclear. I don't mean to call if specifically one or the other. It can be both American and something else. Fortune cookie, strong Japanese influence, geographically invented in America and adapted to American tastes. I'd say it's both, because on one hand it's strongly based on the dish of another culture, while made in the US. It detracts from the other side to name it one. As for the burger, I don't even know that back ground entirely, but the same logic applies to me. Maybe I'm stupid
I'm going to say something that probably makes me a terrible person, but this video with police showcases a lot more problems than the other recent outcries against cops. While the events that led in deaths earlier this year escalated further than they should of, while the officers involved could and should have handled it differently, perspective is key and a lot of people choose to just see it as cops casually assaulting and gunning down kids. Whereas here, that's actually fucking happening. They're throwing down girls who are doing nothing but sitting on the ground and getting scared, they're guns drawn chasing people who were trying to protect the former. I don't think all cops are bad or racist but Christ this video shows that we need to be more vigilant concerning who gets not just a gun but a badge. People should respect and trust the law and those that represent it, but in turn the law and those that represent it should respect them. Fuck this Judge Dredd noise.
This is an interesting comment to me. Posters in the US, and western Europe, and to a lesser extent the rest of the world, are quick to shut down the US for it's bases as nothing but bad militant imperialism, but surely it offers some benefit for the host counties.
No you don't. Her arranging for his murder doesn't mean he couldn't have been suicidal. It's possible for both to exist. Suicidal people can still be murdered. Yes, he may have killed himself, but you don't have to ignore that possibility to also consider that he may have also been the victim of a drug addict looking for a way to her next fix.
&gt;Does that sound believable to you They're on heroin, if it's so consuming that it can play a role in Kurt's suicide, then it can surely be consuming enough to play a role in Courtney wanting a few dollars more. Now you're suggesting rich people are incapable of crimes to make themselves richer. It happens all the time. Add drugs to the mix. Also, &gt;two largest rock stars in the world We're talking about Courtney Love. She's not on that level, she was never on that level.
I want to believe that r/creepy's self posts are true stories whereas r/nosleep is for fiction
I dig it. I also don't find Aqua Teen funny in the least, so to each their own.
A lot of people do this, even the ones that aren't the inbred racist hicks that people think everyone in the south is. To many people, Confederate pride is American pride, because the Confederacy is an exercise of American rights. The Confederate States of America, the right to bear arms against a federal government that you feel like no longer represents your best interests ("hurrrr slavery and racism the latter of which was surely unknown in the north, that's not revisonist at all") and the very action that founded America. As much as people want to deny it, for a lot of southerners it really is a pride thing that has nothing to do with racism, and when people like you and the ones responding to you dismiss them like this, I can sympathize with them taking pride in a rebel aesthetic.
&gt;there are seriously people who aren't part of the idort master race isshygiggydiggy
I live in Cocoa Beach, so I'm at shows pretty frequently, which is as irrelevant as your question. How can anyone possibly think that NXT is some obscure, low key scene? It's probably more known and watched than TNA.
I hate you Heath Slater
Technically correct? These could be fursonas for furries.
It's really dumb. It's not hard to type "Andre Battle Royal" unless you don't know how to type, and it's not really a mouthful either. It's a quirky acronym for the sake of being clever.
You'd hope so, wouldn't you?
itt people with weird perceptions of 4chan
Thanks brah, works fine. I don't suppose there's any mods/patches that replace the onscreen keyboard prompts with controller ones, are there? It's definitely doable just winging it from Xbox memory, but it'd be nice if the option existed.
That's not that weird. My facebook occasionally suggests me old online friends too, because I used the email address to sign up that I used to talk to them ages ago, and so did they.
There's plenty of logic to it. Swords = bad, and Luigi does seem like one best designed for spelunking.
Well yeah because sometimes you want Lucina in your butt so badly that it's worth it
&gt;there are seriously squares out there that don't fight for an independent Vegas, free of the Legion, Republic, or House
Yeah because similar angry groups like nWo had logos meant to look like they had high production values too, right?
"HE WANTED A DOG FOR CHRISTMAS"
Great, another one of the Rock's cousins /s
Black tights.
Nash may not be the best wrestler or the nicest guy, but he's a true businessman and knows that side of the industry.
This is pretty cool, I like it when people get unique merch other than just a t shirt. Also, I just noticed that the Conner's Cure bracelet is in the eshop under "The Authority".
I think it's a good gimmick. They're her stooges. It's not B&amp;M managed by Bliss, it's Bliss managing B&amp;M. Her having two too tough, generic crony hounds to build her up makes her look that much more capable.
&gt;The tag team division is what is going to, in my opinion, be the area they mass improve on the main roster this year Every year for the past four years has started up as the year where tag teams matter, and every year it quickly grinds to a halt. WWE just won't invest the time and effort into making the tag division anything more than a side show for more than a couple months.
They had the Matadors, the Rhodes Brothers, the Shield, Sin Cara and Rey, pre-New Day New Day, Evolution, J&amp;J, etc. They've had hot tag teams in and out for years, and they cool the flame every time it gets interesting
Bisexuality just enevelops the "two" sexes, pan- can encompass all of the sexes. You know, the ones the invented that aren't male or female. Like "attack helicopter".
"The Penis Game"
Deadpool, cringy? No, never! The popular Deadpool of the last decade of so has been a shining paragon of high brow humor! No fucking shit, dude
Because Harley Quinn is a shit character, redesigned and rebranded to appeal to edgy kidz.
I could really get behind Deadpool just going back to being athe self aware "merc with a mouth". The fourth wall breaking was fun at first, from time to time, but it's been so overused by everyone that it's just gotten annoying. That and the purely random humor. It's like how Spider-Man portrayals have been. Do people just not know how to write clever/witty/funny anymore without scraping the bottom of the barrel?
That is disturbingly untrue. Harley has been increasingly portrayed as competent and in control of herself. She started as some goon, brainwashed by the Joker into thinking that she was the only one who understood him and that he loved her for it, while in reality he just liked having a slave. As Harley got more popular, she gets written less and less like a simply stupid and impressionable woman that slept her way to the top of her field only to get dominated by a better manipulator than her.
Yeah, I might've misworded. I'm sure that all the sets covered the original 151 Pokemon, but that there were probably duplicates, meaning there weren't an "original 151 cards".
I don't want to lose my internet points, I can cash them in on the secret VIP store
Not to mention Kenny Omega's chainsaw.
You'll fit right in in r/discordian hail eris
&gt;For context: Me and my friend (not the guy on this pic) we are indie developers &gt;portal styled puzzle game! lmao okay keep on keeping on I guess
My neighbor's dad and I used it for Mortal Kombat moves.
It looks like they have a pretty nice ass, I'll give them that.
Especially if you read how the trials went down. They had experts coming out of the woodwork with examples of how plausible the dingo story was. Evidence of dingoes stripping meat of its wrapping to get at it, to justify how the child's clothing would've been removed. Photos of dingoes extending their jaws enough to fit over a doll's head, even larger than the baby's. No one wanted to believe that though.
Stick figure families on cars are lame. Innocent, but lame. Parodies of them are fucking terrible though.
http://i.imgur.com/B9d91H9.jpg Finally, Finn Balor's stupid headpiece almost makes sense.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
Is there any delay? I wanted to use it as a speaker for watching movies with people.
&gt;Beretta and Romero at an event that Triple H was scouting Please don't. ^unless ^the ^money's ^good ^or ^something ^^I ^^guess
Did Anderson or Romero really outrank Omega as far as foreigners in New Japan go?
My computer's audio in/out are broken, so I can't use speakers with them. The computer's built in speakers work fine, but they're not loud enough for what I want, since I'm hooking my computer to a projector and using it to play a film. I have a USB with extra audio outs in the mail, but I need something for tonight. I wanted to use my phone, which I already use as a USB mic/camera, and its significantly louder speakers in the meantime.
What do you mean?
Please don't use metaphors that have to do with vehicles, like "break", okay? I identify as a moped and I'm tired of this systematic oppression of my kin by cisshit white /walkers/ like yourself. You don't have any command over us.
I'm using it now, and running into some issues. First, I can only seem to get it to connect via wifi. What I really want is a wired method. Second, it worked fine when I tried to play music. Some distortion, but nothing much. But when I use it for videos, like youtube, I can hardly hear anything. Just very faint distorted noises.
&gt;self entitled You're on fire tonight
http://i.imgur.com/GtCK9Lr.png
Apparently the distortion is on my end, so using this app for what I want isn't going to help anyway. Thank you for trying, though.
It sounds like my headset is underwater. Everything plays fine with my speakers, but through headphones it get distortions. Echos with music, if it's a song the music is loud and the vocals are faint, and everything seems to echo and change pitch. I thought the issue was my audio out port, hence wanting to use my phone as a third party, but it was giving me an issue with this app too, so I did more experimenting. USB headphones give me the same problem, and I know the USB port is good, and I know all the headphones involved are good. Right now my "fix" has been changing the balance to all left or right while on my headphones. No more weird distortion, but that's definitely not my ideal solution.
I'm a retarded child and still amused by unexpected dickbutts
Chikara had a fantastic variation of this not too long ago.
2k15 even had Nakamura's running knee.
I think you're getting the same drink in the UK, it's just bottled by Coke at Coke plants. It's still a non-Coke produced beverage.
joanna cesna beter branel brain fsgot
The Antidiluvians aren't even real
I also blame Roman Reigns for most things
&gt;956 Yeah I'll just stick to jerking it
Was Heath ever not over Nexus as a singles guy? I thought he and Gabriel remained a team, and when that dropped, he dropped it. I thought the post was about how he was still a band guy after 3MB
It's probably creepy for the snake
This is beyond just cringe and it's actually depressing to see, esp in comics because it shows the silly tumblr mindset somewhere that isn't just online. Here it's physical and real and taking over another medium other than video games. But [unsolicited opinions on Israel???] is hilarious
Is just an old, ingrained trope. Something similar is from older Chinese cinema, where when a character would be introduced, the screen would freeze and their name would appear. I don't think it's a matter of telling and not showing, especially given how your example includes them showing. It exists in fighting games too. When Ryu does a hadoken, you know it's a hadoken, you don't have to take his word for it. It's not meant to handhold the viewer and explain what it is, I think it's just a dramatic element of introduction that western audiences may differ on.
&gt;Your example of fighting games is actually a very prime example, they are special attack/techniques that the characters often name out so that you, the player(s) are aware they are special and different, and not just a simple combo move. Then why isn't it done for every special move? Balrog and Vega rarely do it, for example. Ryu cries out the name of his fireball or dragon punch, but there are on screen visual indicators that these aren't just punches, they're flaming, they look special. Meanwhile Balrog's specials are still just punches, and they don't have any accompanying name telegraphing. Surely if the naming of moves had to do with balance and hand holding, everyone one do it to make a fair, especially the guy whose normals and specials are both punches with decidedly less fire radiating off of them. Instead the ones getting audibly introduced are the ones that also have visual recognition - the recognizable shoryukens or raging demons that a seasoned player could identify long before the character starts talking about it - because the introduction is for drama, not gameplay.
Anyone playing can tell that a hadoken, even before Ryu yells, is not just a normal punch. The naming has nothing to do with it, he's throwing a fucking fireball. But at the same time, Balrog is never shouting out the names of his moves, which normal or input, are still just mundane punches. Yes, the shout does help player response in a way, but I highly doubt that was intentional, it just become a way to time the move because it was happening. The moves that get audible names are often the most flashy of the special moves, which leads me to think it is entirely similar to how it's used in movies/shows.
&gt;but instead created a precident for other games to learn from. Powerful moves in most modern games have some sort of flashy way to signify what is happening and the easiest way to do that is to have a character tell you. As someone else said, even more fighting games *don't* do this. &gt;It also makes games more accessible because even a new player understands that the enemy isn't going to shout out weak and ordinary move names so they know to block Many characters, even in SF, don't do it. None of Balrog's special punchs have a visual or audible key to set them apart from normal punches. I agree that the naming of the move does help to some degree, but it's an unintended side effect.
&gt;however the first anime series that did it, their reasoning was as I said [citation needed] That said, I think we're just saying the same thing in different ways. I don't see it has handholding, I see it as a different culture's way of heightening the drama for a specific situation. It's a very eastern cliche that is rooted in traditions that don't really exist on the other side of the world. You don't need to hear a narrative explanation to know why Goku's fireball beam thing is any stronger than his punch, or even any other fireball - there's all kind of pageantry around it that does it other than simply giving it a name. Giving it the name isn't skipping the story telling to tell you that it's now suddenly stronger, giving the name/sounds to go with it [*makes it stronger*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiai). Eastern cinema, and a lot of the culture, just really likes verbosity and titling things that don't really need an introduction - which what the OP is referencing in the first places. The audience will realize it's stronger without the quirk. Most anime, especially older ones, use a lot of recycled footage of long start ups and "powering up" for strong moves. It has nothing to do with shouting its name - even if that may often be a part of it.
Well, he does say that he likes posing Gary's Mod stuff. That's more or less part of the "game". Really, other than being a weird furry, this isn't that bad.
Wouldn't it be an emoticon? Aren't emojis specific things? Not all soda is Coke.
That seal is almost as sleek as Titus O'Neil
The best/worst part is that apparently there wasn't even cheating. The dude hooked up with the ex 2 months later, apparently. Unless I misread.
I think 3D Dot Game Heroes on the PS3 has it. There's also a DS game by the Scribblenaut guys that lets you draw in the character, weapons, etc. It's not too great, but it's worth looking at. Drawn to Life, I think.
&gt;boohoo I hate slang Whoa, chill out grandpa
Alternatively - a two killers, and an undertaker
This is not the one true awoo. For shame.
You do know there's plenty of decent art on dA, right? That'd be like judging reddit entirely by this sub.
Wasn't that Colt Cabana's thing?
And now everyone has long hair. They should've went with poofy mullets
This is everything that I wanted out of a Matt Hardy feud Laughable writing, ludicrous fall from grace, jilted dialog and nonsense angles. It's as crazy as a Hardy should be.
Well , he's retarded, but kinda right. Internet memes weren't always synonymous with image macros, which they are now. Before, memes were based on the actual meaning of the word meme - they were essentially in jokes. References that were meaningless except to the culture that used them, the internet. Now it's just text on pix and that's not really what a meme is, it just jokes of debatable humor that explain themselves, eliminating any real memetics. Make memes great again
Some say that Hitler started he genetic revolution
Well the person was the one cheating on his fiancée so he's not all that much better
No, he was cheating on her with the "Nazi".
I don't, nor did I ever claim that I did. But I don't see you lobbing this half assed response the way of all the people claiming to love him based a small, one-sided peek into his life, so there's no reason why I can't dislike him for an equal reason.
So it's totally cool to talk about a wrestler's personal life when it's positive, or a negative that you don't agree with, but everything else is off limits? People watched a WWE special and are now spouting praise about the person behind the character as if they know him. He recovered from an injury, he started poor. That's fantastic. But it no more makes him a person worth cheering than cheating makes him worth hating. If you're going to open that door and start using his real life as a reason to love him, I'm allowed to use it to dislike him. Nothing against him as a wrestler, he's goddamn fantastic and I love his work. But don't act like I'm out of line for criticizing his personal life when it's fine for others to compliment it. If someone said "sweet moonsault", I wouldn't whine that he's a cheater. Then it would be irrelevant. Keep in mind that Hogan's dirty laundry was between him and his partner (at that moment in time) too, and that was put out for the world to see. A lot of people laud him as an irredeemable racist but I can't seem to recall him ever acting on it or doing anything to promote it. But no, someone calls to attention Seth Rollins' blemishes and the defense force comes riding in.
Yes, but that's not what he started with. It acts like booking Kevin Owens and Asuka was part of some unspoken war. Neither of them had anything to do with NJPW. Obviously it has nothing to do with fighting New Japan, they're just hiring talent from everywhere.
For everyone thinking that TNA's production is just terrible, look at the Lashley/Galloway packages. They're nothing impressive, but they're by no means bad. This weird Matt shit is just that. It's weird Matt shit. It's supposed to be avant-garde house bullshit because Matt's character is avant-garde house bullshit. And I love it
&gt;his best Look I think he's great now too but honestly his WWE Champ run with Riley in tow was just as good. He was a shitty, unworthy champ. That was his character. A sociopath coward who felt validated by a belt that he didn't deserve. Having the belt made up for everything, it made him think he really was the best. It was really good, he sounded like a legit evil threat when addressing opponents, and you knew he wouldn't win fair which made it all the more menacing - what was he willing to pull out to put them down? Other than the finish, his I Quit match with Cena was amazing, story wise. And Awesome Truth was amazing too, but that was a continuation of that character.
Every teenage girl on the planet, even the ones using different alphabets. Nice job outting that no one ever passed you any notes.
Out of touch with what? A former celebrity whose best years are decades behind him? Kanye's bigger today than every remaining Beatle whether you like his music or not. Why on earth would people today need to be "educated" on bands from the 60s-70s? Are you one of those people from the shitty mspaint comics where they shoot people for not listening to "real music" like The Beatles and Grateful Dead in favor of Bieber? They came and went. It's perfectly reasonable for people to not know of the members today.
And racism and segregation existed in the non slave holding north, including long after the Civil War. In many ways it still exists today, with how racial ghettos are just as prevalent in NY as they are Atlanta. And the "back to Africa" movement didn't work last time. And plenty of blacks don't care about this slavery thing and are perfectly well adjusted Americans that just happen to also be black, so waving this in their face because of how other black people act is racist in itself, so it wouldn't exactly "cure" perceived racism. The cure is eliminating this propagated victim complex that everyone in America wants to have. They, not just blacks, people from any demographic, want to be able to say that they're being oppressed, so that they look like harder workers, so their faults can be blamed on someone else. It has nothing to do with slavery, that's just a convenient excuse.
Slavery wasn't the cause because it was considered morally wrong, slavery was the cause because it was affording the southern states power and production over the north. The north wasn't some haven where black people were seen as equals, even without slavery.
Right, only teenagers listen to Kanye West. Or you're just out of touch.
&gt;being such a loser in school that the concept of passing notes is so alien to you that you think it has to do with classwork notetaking
I can't imagine anyone on the sub is so old that they've never seen how a teenage girl from the 80s until now writes.
Good point, I stand corrected
&gt;The original Black Belts were belts that were stained from all the training &gt;The whole color belt thing is a very Western Idea Is that true? &gt;The systematic use of belt color to denote the rank was first used in Japan by Jigoro Kano, the founder of judo, who first devised the colored belt system using obi (sash), and awarded the first black belts to denote a Dan rank in the 1880s. Previously, Japanese Koryu instructors tended to provide certificates. Initially the wide obi was used; as practitioners trained in kimono, only white and black obi were used. It was not until the early 1900s, after the introduction of the judogi, that an expanded colored belt system of awarding rank was created. Nowhere in wikipedia's origin of black belts is "train until it's black" mentioned.
"You know an RKO can hit out of nowhere, right?"
I doubt that that is Walmart "making a typo" so much as Walmart not getting the joke. I'm sure the shirt design was intentional. I'm sure Walmart stocking a shirt with that meaning was not.
Trans characters shouldn't be added to appease anyone. Nothing should be written just to satisfy whiners. I'm just saying that trans characters are allowed to exist in fiction without attention being drawn to what a minority they are.
I'm sure not every Nazi was in favor of genocide. Sure, there's the """guilt""" of doing nothing to stop it, but the same could be said at all of us doing nothing to stop whatever global catastrophe.
When I was young, I remember being told that plants grew better if you talked nicely to then. Little me concluded this as bullshit when I practiced all my profanity on an aloe plant in private and it never died.
My brother had no idea that The Rock was a wrestler and wondered why he kept appearing on wrestling shows. He's 16 and has never once given a shit about wrestling, so I can understand that. He was like, "oooh, so that's why he has a stupid nickname". Weirder though was hearing girls in highschool wondering why he has that name. "Why doesn't he have a normal name, why does he use that??" It blew their minds when I told them that he used to wrestle and that was his ring name. That was like six years ago, so surely even if they never cared for wrestling, their childhood coincided with his rise and it would've came up at least once.
The briefcase turned DB heel. That is its dark power.
Women should be the main characters of everything, but also be untouchable and infallible. Also they should be POCs and asexual panromantic.
This election year has been really weird.
Remember that comic years ago about the two weeb girls talking about how they want to make sure their future children are gay boys?
Yahtzee is pretty bad too once you look passed his videos, which are also pretty bad. He has a superiority complex when it comes to his opinions on media because he made a couple "eh, alright" games and a terrible, awful book. Also his fedora is surgically grafted to his head.
The fat one has both. They researched these costumes.
I can't imagine a brand less ska than JNCO.
Don't be a lemon
Kenny Omega doesn't fight like Omega Weapon either. And he looks nothing like a weird knight riding a boar.
MODS = CODS
His intention was that the term existed prior to Apple's usage for phones, and the context of it's previous usage. While the minute details, date, were incorrect, his overall point was. He's correcting misinformation with approximation.
Yeah, even though I'm the one nutting on his face and making him call me daddy.
Most things can instantly kill a kid that size.
ITT "no, every fad that came after my generation is wrong!"
Yeah but that's because you're a social outlier that keeps spaghetti in your pockets. I mean, it is fucking retarded, but so are most trends. It's perfectly reasonable for children and teens doing a children and teen thing that's currently popular with children and teens.
Hell, they're not even my wrists and I regret it right now.
Truecels are the most depressing of the internet echo chamber communities. Redpillers are comical, SJWs and edgelord Neo Nazis are an almost cartoonish pastiche, but these guys are fucking rough. They're just making themselves miserable and then trying to justify it as the world being wrong, or like they were predetermined to be fucked and not through their own choices. They legitimately disgust me.
You're doing god's work
While u/inmynothing's life definitely comes first and I don't fault him at all, it makes me wonder about how these are done. I don't keep up with this sub's AMAs often, but do the celebs ever just, like, make their own account and do it themselves, or are they all through a proxy?
No one is blaming you, but you're blaming others for not having had the same opportunities as you.
I'm a fucking loser. I do stupid shit and I'm ass in social situations and I used to eat lunch in the library to be alone in high school because I couldn't talk and eat at the same time without getting anxious. I'm ugly and I breathe through my mouth and I like shitty shit. There's not some crazy biological archetype that makes your predisposition to not get girls. Yeah, there are some unchangeable qualities that people can have, but they're not "designed" to make you single. There's someone out there for everyone, just sometimes you have to bathe a bit more often to get them. If these guys would stop jerking themselves off about being pathetic, they'd be able to make friends and feel better. Yeah, you can still be shy, it can still be hard. But if it's worth it, you can make the most out of it. I have an online friend like that and I try explaining that and they just act like I'd never understand.
Don't tell me what to do
When women "man"spread, is it a problem, or are they allowed more space? Because when I was in NYC, it was always women doing that on the metro. And with their bags taking seat space. I guess because they're so oppressed they've earned the extra space? Even when it prevents bigger minorities from sitting?
How about s u n r i s e l a n d
Darren Young being great won't be good for the people he defeats, that doesn't mean he won't be great. america number one
I miss Rufus so much. He flattened fools
Skyrim babby detected
Don't the Saints Row games also have "no witness no crime"?
Hell, my English friends can only identify Florida, Texas, Alaska, and Hawaii, and then which sides of the country California and NY are on. One insists this is only from television and video games. I'm going to send them a blank map and ask where they think Oklahoma is.
The blood brotherhood is culturally significant to them and to them that is as much a family tie as marriage is.
ACTION HERO Del Rio was pretty hot
That transformation segment was surreal.
The Bible also tells people not to pull out, but some Christians still do it. Not everyone of a faith believes every tenet of if.
Moose was in his life at that very moment
That's genius, man
I was at an indie show the other night and the heel had a ONE FOR FIFTEEN (two for twenty) chant in reference to his shirts at the merch table. It was pretty good.
Woods sucks at SF though. He just knows the basic mechanics, and most of the other guys don't. He's a total fraud. Has he accepted Mike Ross's challenge yet?
But if his "clean slate" is promoted right back to being a mod, it's not starting over. It's not like if I got sore about down votes and just started posting as borbizurst and only posted a+ material.
&gt;So how many radical christians have planted bombs/shot up building There was a little event called the Oklahoma City Bombing. There's Eric Rudolph, who bombed a gay nightclub himself a few years ago, along with a few abortion clinics. On that note, attacks and murders on abortion doctors by fundamentalist Christians aren't that surprising here in the south. There's more Christian white supremacist organizations that use faith to justify their hateful beliefs than I can count on both hands, and more than handful that have acted on them. But no, those don't count, do they? And don't even get me started on the overzealous Christians outside of America. Your last paragraph is entirely wrong, and everything else is just ignorance. You're a racist hiding behind made up facts. You're making up loopholes to define people so they fit your flawed narrative. Their faith, like that of many Christians is one about just that. Faith. It overlooks some of the stupid and outdated dogma in lieu faith, beliefs instead of calls to arms. There are different types of belief within every religion, there are radicals and fundamentalists and then there are modern ones with more fluid beliefs. You don't get to just say "no, every liberal religious person is actually an atheist". You're an idiot. A religion and a faith are defined 1:1 by what's written in a holy book. It's about the personal interpretations, that's why there's so many different Christian denominations. You don't get to play arbiter and decide who counts and who doesn't. I'm not making excuses for the Orlando shooter, or any terrorist. He was a Muslim. But he doesn't represent all Muslims anymore than the Klan doesn't represent all Christians. The problem is not Islam, it's radical fundamentalists, and right now some of the worst of those are Muslims.
What you posted is an opinion. Not every Muslim is like that. Not every Muslim subscribes to the same set of beliefs, that's why so many of them are killing each other too.
You're brainwashed.
&gt;Muslims, on the other hand, hate gays from the bottom up That's not true. Fuck off with your blanketing. The problem is radicals, not Islam as a whole. There are examples of [Christians bombing gay clubs](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Rudolph) too. It's just less prevalent because we don't live in a hellhole where the powers at large are terrorists cultivating terrorists. Don't pretend to speak for all Muslims. A lot of them are as repulsed by this as the rest of the world.
There's horrible shit in the Bible too, but rational Christians can overlook them in favor of the positive values hidden amongst the shit about slavery and beating women and not watching your drunk grandfather masturbate. Extend the same opportunity to the Muslims that do the same. The problem is the radicals that follow every barbaric line. Not every Muslim does that. Just like how not every Christian blows up gay bars and abortion clinics like Eric Rudolph did.
You're inherently an idiot.
&gt; He's trying to be Jeff, and ending up as a Disney Villain No, he's trying to be a Disney Villain that's trying to be Jeff. Broken Matt Hardy isn't supposed to be cool and edgy, it's a parody of Matt. He's been playing a cool and overconfident heel for years, with great runs in ROH and TNA. Now that he's lost is stride, he THINKS he's lost his mind, so he's trying to be this edgy cool thing and failing. It's supposed to be pretentious and silly. That's the point. He's playing something new. Wrestlers turning dark happens all the time. He's not trying to succeed at turning dark, he's succeeding at failing.
That's the joke. Look how his name swings on the middle screen. Like it's hanging on string.
Why would you go into something that messy with flip flops? That's you get tetanus
Every religious person follows their holy scripture to varying degrees, except 100% of Muslims who follow 100% of their book 100% literally. That's why so many hate each other and there's so much conflict between Muslim groups with differing 100% literal interpretations. No, wait, that's retarded.
The problem with that is that Matt prior to this has shown himself to be a decent at best wrestling "actor" with his cocky heel personas in TNa prior to this and ROH. And if it's a meta layer that is lost to most viewers, which it is, it IS deep. The complexity is that you have to be aware of the performer's actual capabilities, of TNA's actual higher standards, and the performer's noted self awareness. Most viewers aren't, hence the numerous "man matt sucks look he thinks he's cool but he's not" and "LOLTNA"s despite every non-Matt segment being fine.
That doesn't mean that it's the player characters personal homeland, just that it's the homeland of the Nords. Hadvar, which my phone corrected to NASCAR and not Harvard, doesn't know anything about you. He just knows that Nords hail from Skyrim. Tamriel is a multi cultural place, it was the seat of an empire. Not every race exclusively comes from or lives in their nation of origin. You'd think that if the Dragonborn were actually from Skyrim, sometime over the course of becoming dragon jesus or crowning a new high king someone who recognized you would come forward.
That's not even remotely what the spiel was about. Asuka wasn't even almost the top athletic competitor in the joshi scene. She was the one often falling back on sexual or provocative spots that rarely happened otherwise, and she liked the glamor of the divas division. Asuka's great but she's far from a revolutionary. Her rant was about how people would call Japanese wrestling the peak of wrestling, even women's, when she as a woman wrestler felt like it had stagnated and was no longer trying to appeal to anyone but the current fans, while the divas division was always branching out different demographics. She wasn't "shooting on joshi" like everyone wants to claim, she was saying that other forms had a lot of untapped resources to offer.
&gt;Lawler gets arrested with straight forward details &gt;jokez and memes &gt;Rose gets arrested with no details &gt;all kinds of talk about how he's an abuser with no sympathy before anyone even knows what happened
How can you tell from the gif? Is there a video?
Hey, don't forget that great opportunity that the Ascension had, getting a rub from legends!
&gt;Whether he hit her or not, the police felt what he did warranted his arrest In Florida all it takes is an accusation to get arrested and kept overnight for domestic abuse. &gt;abused protecting the abuser You don't know them. Maybe she feels like it was just a shouting match that got out of hand, not that he's violent toward her. She probably knows Rose better than you do. Not every case of people making up is Stockholm syndrome. And to cite that it's happened before doesn't mean anything if he got off then too, it could be something just as innocuous. It's not like he slapped her or anything. He's not proven to be a wife beater.
The internet treated Rose as "guilty until proven nah fuck that he's a wife beater despite what anyone, even his wife says, I know what their personal lives are like". The judge trusted his wife. He trusted her to be smart enough to know what she needed to do, or what she wanted. She vouched for him. "Stockholmed!" Typical "I only trust the court if the conviction goes the direction I wanted it to". They're adults. He wasn't beating the shit out of his helpless wife, he didn't even strike her. They had an unfortunate but normal domestic dispute that normal people are capable of having and can be overcome and can still truly love each other despite it that was labeled "abuse" by Florida's Puritan values and the Internet's high horse. I can't blame him for putting up the mugshot shirt. It feels more like calling the armchair marriage counselors than it does parading his """guilt""". I do find the shirt distasteful though tbh
Yes. You have no belief in god. But you believe there is no god. Atheism is a belief. Unlike religion, it is not a system of beliefs. But if you're sure there is no god then that is a belief in something. There is a difference between believing in nothing and not believing anything. Agnosticism says that you don't know. You don't believe anything because you don't know the answer. Atheism is believing in (a) nothing. You believe there is no god. You KNOW there is no god. That is a belief, whether you want to try to separate yourself from that word or not. It's not a lack of belief like agnosticism is, because you're sure of something.
Can you not read, or did you avoid trying to? I did not say "atheism is a lack of belief and thus a belief"". My post literally says the opposite. Atheism is not a lack of belief, it is belief in the lack of something. AGNOSTICISM is a lack of belief. Your proposed implication doesn't work if you're completely reaching and misreading to come up with it. "Belief" is "acceptance that a statement is true". Atheism is the BELIEF that the statement "there is no god" is true. That is not a lack of belief, that is explicitly believing in something, a lack of something. Agnosticism is the lack of belief, because an agnostic DOESN'T accept there being a god OR there NOT being god as a fact.
Now you're reaching for awkward semantics. Agnosticism is believing that you can't know the answer. That is only a belief if you're claiming agnosticism as a religion, which is a weird subject and no on needs to get into that as it's just a matter of opinion. As an atheist, if you are sure there is no god, then you BELIEVE there is no god. That is a belief. There is absolutely no way around that. "I don't know/I can't know" is not a belief. "I know there is not" is a belief. If you believe there is no god, then you actively have a belief, that there's nothing there. That is something you believe. If someone asks you if you have any cash in wallet and you know for a fact that you don't, you don't invent a new word to replace have because that dirty word is associated with the financially well off and you want to look unlike them. "well it's 0 so I can't HAVE anything". Nah, you possess zero dollars. You HAVE zero dollars. If you get asked if you believe in god, you say "no, I don't believe in god, I believe there is no god". Believing in a lack of something is the same as having a lack of something. I have zero wives and zero motorcycles and zero full heads of hair, and I believe there are zero gods. Yes, you lack belief in the bible, you lack belief in religion, you lack belief in whateb Padre O'Donovan said this morning in Mass, but you do believe there is no god. If you think a statement is a fact, you believe in that statement.
&gt;Not assuming anything, just look at these links of possibilities that fit my narrative Yeah, that's assuming. There's also instances of people having arguments and it getting out of hand and both of them realizing that they're an idiot and moving on. I'm not saying that's what happened, but I'm also not passing judgement based on assumptions. She says it's cool, judge says it's cool, it's cool. If that's not enough for you and you're going to assume the worst of Rose, which most people did from the start and are still doing now, then you are saying that what she says and the court says doesn't matter, he's guilty.
Nah, it was pretty clear. Dean was the favorite going into mitb, and when he won it it was a lock that he was walking out champ, WWE had no idea how to book the briefcase going into the brand split so they went the route of just getting rid of it immediately. Cesaro, Zayn, and Owens are perpetual midcarders. They're not touching the main event except to antagonize and lose to champs, which is a travesty because they're all better than that but you know it's true. They're what you think Dean is. Jericho is there to give the set prestige, but his time is over. It was a toss between Dean and Del Rio, which admittedly came close because Del Rio put in work in that match. Everyone who thought that WWE wasn't going to give Dean a chance were just salty that Roman made it bigger than him, Dean has been protected and celebrated since the Shield broke up. All three of them have been.
&gt;everyone thinks Dean was trapped in midcard hell with no hope of excelling Christ guys, this isn't like Bryan's climb to the top. Dean has been protected from day one. He and Seth were practically Triple H's pet projects. Just because the main event scene hasn't been Seth v Reigns v Ambrose the entire time doesn't mean he was being held back.
A nothing series with Bray that was a nothing feud with nothing payout. Dean wasn't worse for it and Bray wasn't better off. Bray, who was treated like a big deal, whether was booked like it or not. It's not a shame to lose to Bray.
He loses feuds to major players and looks strong in defeat, then springs right back into high profile fights. The lowest level feud he's been in was with Jericho, which he won. The take away is that Dean is a star fighter with endless resiliency. He loses, then limps back in and says "come on, I want more". In WWE booking wins and losses don't matter.
That's because WWE is shit at booking, not because they're trying to book Dean lower on the card. If they wanted him to not matter, he wouldn't have even feuded with Lesnar, Rollins, Wyatt, or Triple H. See actual midcarders. Has Miz even been in the same building as Lesnar? Did Cody/Stardust ever get true revenge against the Authority? For that matter, did Ziggler after he was fired with Ryback or Rowan? No, because afterthought midcarders don't get a fraction of the limelight that Dean has had.
&gt; The next time some SJW-type starts spouting off that "all cultures are equally valid and one isn't superior to another" show them this. What culture are you talking about? "Swinging a gun like an idiot" culture? The people standing around him look pretty baffled and white people do dumb shit with guns all the time.
You should move to a US presidential candidate's subreddit. r/The_Vermin, home of truly unbiased news.
A lot of the &lt;thing&gt; Simulators are pretty decent though. Truck sim is super relaxing.
&gt;Big Stevie Cool &gt;nobody ishigiggydiggy
¡Diva revolución!
Surely you don't think that New Day will go overboard on the humor. When has that ever happened?
Fascism isn't inherently wrong A lot of the things that go along with it are pretty bad though
Attacking innocent bystanders in rage is more chaotic than it is evil?
What is a "full length" video? There is no definition of how long a video has to be to qualify. You've arbitrarily set limiting to rules to frame the narrative your way. There have been videos between now and then, but none that fit your criteria. There doesn't need to be a long video. Two years ago it could've existed as a trailer to hype people to purchase the game and get him some more money. The game isn't available for purchase now, so there's no reason to put something like that out. Little videos to show development progress and explore future ideas are fine.
I'd like want to click links. If it's supposed to comedy, it's not a clickbait news article. I want jokes more drawn out than a one liner.
There's got to be an easier way to do that.
My biggest fault with UPlay is that I have to use it. I bought Blood Dragon and Black Flag on Steam, but Steam has to launch UPlay to launch them. That's dumb. But the client itself has never actually given me any issues. Steam has hung up and crashed on me a lot more than UPlay ever has, but it also gets more use.
Yeah but look at [this nerd](https://www.reddit.com/user/me/), that's the real cringe.
&gt;Does how we act on those platforms really tell people how we really are? Yeah, totally. A mild mannered grade school teacher of good morals and sound mind isn't going to get on stage and snowball their own shit. Whether Allin was as extreme in person as he was on stage is irrelevant. What someone is willing to do on stage says a lot about the person.
If you're going to bust people's chops for something minor and largely pedantic, your sorry ass had better be on point yourself. Grammar isn't that important in casual conversation, especially not on a website where people talk about videogames and dank memes. If you're going to propose that it is, you'd better be setting an example. And you weren't.
No one's asking for it to change, but if the intended point is understood by the audience, in casual conversation, there's no reason to bother correcting the speaker other than elitism.
No, but really. Do you not understand the point I'm trying to make? There's a time and place for good grammar. It's not the comment section of a videogame related post.
Yeah, and guys forgetting to use periods while complaining about grammar is unbearable to me. So every occasion counts. But what's more unbearable is the elitism it takes to get your panties in a knot over shorthand language and smartphone use on Reddit.
My best times with Spore were the ones leading up to buying it.
You're missing capitalization! This is simply unbearable! I can't stand when people who extol grammar in unnecessary situations don't use perfect grammar themselves!
Videos have been posted in the last two years. No matter how you frame it, Wollay has been providing videos. Just not ones that you've seen or that fit your arbitrary quota for what is and isn't a "full length video". There's no way that you can convince me that that is untrue, because that is a fact that even you can admit, and because of that there's no way I can buy that what you're trying to spout to justify your incorrect or at least misleading statement (concerning the volume of videos in the past two years).
If the specific case is "the content of the article isn't as funny as the headline", they probably know what's the article.
rip in piece
Some people do learn differently and have trouble flourishing in a classroom environment. But most of the ones making that claim about themselves and dismissing traditional education systems aren't those people
In the 90s I used to see dead baby sharks stored in jars of formaldehyde for sale regularly in stores the beach.
Changing the way that a planet's worth of people have operated since before writing was invented is far easier said than done. I don't think changing the world to facilitate mass agriculture to feed a vegan population is easy in any capacity.
&gt; Edit: Culture clashes seem to be the thing &gt; Edit 2: Keep it coming guys, I love hearing about cultural differences from 15 different people. I get it. The thing is, it always bothers me how people throw this argument at Americans, as if America is just one predominant culture. Most of the states have different typical cultures. A Texan generally acts different than a Floridian who acts different than an Idahoan who acts different than a New Jersey...ier. Yeah, there's also a lot similarity, but it's because they're all young cultures compared to the older countries in Europe. But it's not like all the US states are just one people, with weird borders. They may as well be different countries, just ones that are so young and have been united for so much of their existence, they have a few things in common, but there are a lot of geographical based cultures in the States. It's not just "American culture", and it's even more varied than Northern and Southern culture. And come on, have you *seen* what Louisiana folks are like? Those guys are fucking weird, but our cultures can get along well enough to be part of the same country. As long as most of them stay on their side of the Mississippi.
I think that's a completely unrelated issue. My claim was from personal experience. Now admittedly, I'm an idiot, and I don't consider myself some genius who was failed by public schooling. I'm an average at best scholar no matter how you slice it. But in school, I always had trouble in the classroom setting. It was always too noisy for me, always too busy, and I had trouble focusing because of it. I always felt stressed by being surrounded by so much movement, even if it was just people writing or turning pages. It was too crowded for me to get comfortable, and I was too uncomfortable to really give it my all. My grades routinely suffered for it, because I worked so slow, because it took so long for me to gather my thoughts. Midway into my senior year I just completely withdrew from on campus classes, and took them online. In the same school's library, so I could still have face to face interaction with the instructors. I did a lot better. In college, I did a combination of online classes, and found classes that were significantly smaller in size than usual, and I still did better. I don't pretend that the school system failed me or that education is a sham or some shit, I think I'm just retarded and get anxious in small rooms with more than 20 people in them. But because of my experience, I'm sure there's other people whose brains also work in different, sometimes stupid, ways that also can't do their best because of how classrooms operate.
If I was an over the top crazy wrestler, you can bet your ass off I'd still be over the top and crazy in "shoot" interviews. Smarks area still marks and they're still eating that shit up.
Neither of them were regular performers at the time, so why wouldn't they be allowed to use steroids? Steroids aren't illegal, the issue is that they can be dangerous and it would be irresponsible for WWE to knowing encourage, directly or indirectly, their talent to put their health at any more risk of long term damage. The owners of the company who aren't getting in the ring and trying to look good to hold their job don't really fall under that umbrella. HHH could let himself go, but no one would fire him for it. But if the Miz stopped looking good, his job would be in jeopardy.
It's a completely different scenario. The drugs are off limits because if the wrester suffers long term damage, they could turn around and blame WWE for demanding they meet a standard that could be reached with steroids. If something happened to Ryback he'd say that it was for his job, that he had to do it to stay in the limelight and look strong compared to people competing for his spot. That doesn't apply to the owner of the company at all. He's not competing for the spot, he's not selling his body to the company. Whatever Triple H or Vince uses is for their own personal desires, Triple H isn't using so he looks better than The Rock and he's job scared, he's using because he wants to. It's entirely different and completely reasonable. Now, recreational drug use is entirely different, but we're talking about steroids. Comparing in ring talent to the owners of the company is apples to oranges.
It isn't hypocritical when the reason is "this rule is in place to protect the company from the talent". They're not the talent. That's like getting mad at math teacher for using a calculator in their personal life when they don't let you use one on a test. It's a rule for students, not teachers.
It generally works, but let's be fair - the NXT crowd is a bunch of rowdy college kids, not a crowd of passionate wrestling fans. They don't even make up the typical audience of children or moms. While the things that get over with them are also happy fun enough to get over with the general crowd, it's the things that don't get over with them but could do well with a more diverse audience that suffer. Dash and Dawson come to mind. The gimmick of being wrestlers was lost on the NXT crowd for awhile, and tothem they were just the boring looking guys who were beating up our favorite caricatures.
Roman Reigns. Sika runs the indie scene around here and he showed up once or twice that I saw
When reports say that Kurt isn't coming back, I know that means he's back. When Kurt hints that he'll be back, I know that means he's gone.
Only kids understand LEGOs like he does
He's also hot
There's a difference between it happening and it being a problem.
Your neck apparently, jesus christ is the frog orange because it's part giraffe? edit now I feel bad :(
There's nothing wrong with looking at people or being looked at. People are attractive. It doesn't hurt anyone to harmlessly admire them. It's not stalking, and it's certainly not rape. Unless actual harassment is happening, what's the problem other than "my feels"?
Have you considered having them convert to Islam?
Anyone ever thought that Luke Harper looks a lot like Nic Cage under that beard?
Leo Kruger
That doesn't make "chomp" wrong, it just replaced the archaic synonym. That's like correcting everyone who uses an idiom outside of its language or origin. Yeah that's cool but that's not how people here talk. Sometimes language changes for stupid reasons and the uptight prudes with nothing to cling to but rules only they know to make them feel superior have a point. But this isn't one of those cases and chomping is equally correct, because it correctly illustrates the same concept on a literal level, while also carrying the same metaphorical implication - while other common phrases such as "irregardless" or "could care less" are actually incorrect, this one is correct, just modern.
Men with Benefits of Low Moral Fiber
The guys who killed James Byrd Jr. didn't mean what they did, it was an honest mistake. Dylan Roof was just a stupid kid, cut him some slack. /s, disgusting, horrible /s
That's kind what people do when they're independent. I think it's more uncommon to find guys working multiple promotions with a different gimmick for each at once. Cody, like many guys, plays the same character everywhere. Now, that character is growing and changing (to say nothing of its depth or lack thereof), like many guys. The Bucks are the the same guys in Japan as they are in promotions in the States. I don't know why you'd expect Cody to run a circuit of gimmicks when all he wants to do in the first place is stop being Stardust and be Cody Rhodes.
In defense of your totally serious and unironic opinion, the "kids and great aunt ethyl" line does hold water. I like showing my little brothers cool wrestling, and the swearing would dissuade me. That said, I probably wouldn't be showing them a GOD match anyway.
&gt; media institutions are biased toward blacks. It's certainly not the other way around. The media is biased toward selling the race war. But I don't think the panic was over them getting away with it, it was over the media and the law enforcement not calling it like it was, a hate crime, and shielding them from the proper blame. It was an evil, heinous, racially charged attack, and to say "we don't know if it was racially motivated" and to keep trying to rationalize them as "just kids" is certainly worth being angry about. Handling it like that makes it excusable, it makes it look like a simple mistake. It lessens the severity of what they did.
Exactly. All the "us vs them" issues are exactly what they want. They're profitable distractions. "The media" is not pro black, it's not pro white, it's not pro men, it's not pro women. Different outlets pretend to, or even unknowingly contribute to, back different teams to stir the pot for the same outcome. The only civil conflict that isn't fabricated is class war, and these are meant to take away from it. Even if people think that notion is crazy, they should still at least see the mainstream media clearly isn't in favor of one group over the other, because every time something like this happens, people are bitching about news supporting a different view of it than theirs, regardless of the color of the aggressor. Blaming the "liberal media" is as much a part of the right lexicon as blaming the racist media is the left's. It's almost like both sides are being intentionally riled up.
That's the one
Personally, I'd have never put him on that level. But a lot of people disagree. If it were only a few, I'd pass it off as just them buying the WWE narrative, but I'm willing to accept that I'm just wrong. Really though, I see him as between them and guys like Jericho, and still under HBK, Taker, and Kane. Austin, the Rock, and Foley were the big big three as far as I'm concerned.
Kane's at the bottom of the pack mentioned, but to me he still outranked Triple H most of the time
Also Okada is incredibly hot
Oh boy, just when I thought I'd never have another instant classic Charlotte vs Sasha match
Yeah but what what you're saying is dumb. People are choosing to smoke. People are not choosing to be victims of terrorism. So create protection from the one that that victims have less control over. Your comparison is still adding a third fruit and a bread to the mix because they are even less relatable to the first first two. The first little pig's house of straw wasn't built to last.
How's that going, by the way?
I assume the left button a mouse is primary action, right is secondary.
&gt; He had the ol' "Savage" gimmick. He had the exact same shtick he has now but without shoes and he broke a board. It was actually very Iron Sheiky. Way more "brutal Muay Thai practitioner who just happens to not speak English well but is still from a civilized country despite utilizing a combat sport" than "haha he's an ignorant mudperson".
You're wrong on multiple levels. When someone creates a situation in which bad things can happen, they deserve some of the blame. Some extreme groups have fostered this idea that it's okay to hate white people and that all Trump supporters are out to get them, so would they not be partially at fault if these people bought into it? The scare mongering from both sides was very real this election. I don't think Democrats should be held accountable, but we should at least see this as a lesson and another reason why to avoid this toxic us vs them mentality that both groups tried to instill against the other. But it doesn't look like they're blaming Democrats so much as responding to people blaming Trump for something likely Democrats did.
The extreme right is equally responsible for people like Roof. You're getting downvoted for being retarded and acting like the Democrats are infallible in the wake of everything somehow being Trump's fault. &gt;if trump created the situation by spreading hate and treating other groups like second class citizens it's Trumps fault Yes, but this isn't a thing that Trump has done or even threatened to do, it's a thing that Democrats spread and parroted and made rhetoric. It's the exact scare mongering that I'm talking about.
&gt;And, if the above poster wants to do that, I fully expect them to blame republicans.... but they won't. They weren't doing that, they were reminding someone who was blaming Trump that these are people that didn't support them. I don't see you rushing to Trump's defense. That other poster is saying that this hate crime is Trump's fault, that's ridiculous. &gt;Did trump not start scare rhetoric? Not even almost. &gt;Is EVERY hate crime now his fault? No! So stop doing it in reverse! No one is. But this is a crime where the attackers were clearly lashing out against Trump through innocent people, and a prime explanation for that is that the Democratic scare mongering convinced them that this was okay. The Republican scare mongering was never about minorities being a threat to white people.
No one is saying that he was fired for it, just that he DID gain weight. I said in like every one of my posts in this comment chain that he wasn't fired for it.
It probably weighs about a fourth of a Vermont
&gt;murloc sounds It's hilarious because when I said "rest in peace", I was so ready for whatever stupid noise he'd make. I was hearing "pea-yuuuuuus". I was not ready for that gargling.
I suspected that I was nobody, thank you for reinforcing it
He'll take up residency under the ring and moonlight as a judge.
You didn't even finish saying it! How did Candlejack know what you would sa
I'm pretty tired of Enzo and Cass, but I thought the banter between them, Team Foreign, and HBK was pretty good
I'm in minority, but I've never minded Swagger on the mic. I know he has the dopey lisp, but I thought that gave some charm to his promos. I think he made a good cocky brute.
&gt;Read A Child Called It But with a grain of salt, there's a few voices calling it fiction. There was never any evidence, and despite his storybook detailed accounts of the abuse, no memory of anything that could be used to prove any of it. The only family member that corroborates is one of his brothers with his own borderline novel, who he says is lying. The third brother says they're both full of shit. Follow Torey, though.
He had two siblings, both of whom were present in his accounts and in his stories witnessed several of them. Only one backed him up, who also says he was abused when Dave left and put out his own books. Dave calls him a liar. The other brother says they're both liars. The only other family member to say anything is a grandmother, who says that Dave was problem child. His book, which he presents as true accounts, features a colorful cast of adult characters that helped him and would definitely have something to contribute to his retellings as an adult. As far as I know, none of them have been found or came forward and said, "hey, I knew that kid, I knew something was up". And when Dave left, he never had any concern for his other brothers? Why, because they weren't abused in his recollections? And yet he still has the gall to call one a liar when he says the abuses were turned toward him? This isn't a guy who just turned up. His brothers aren't in hiding, he went to public schools. The extent that the abuses in the stories reach would've led someone somewhere to say something about the people involved. Like, I don't WANT to call him a liar, people can do terrible shit and I don't doubt for a moment that children, even in nice places, can go through this. But it just seems so... what's like, the evil version of idyllic? It just sounds too much like a made-for-tv special.
That isn't what happened though. The other two, according to him, stayed with his mother until they were 18. He was the only one take away, and even then the only one saying that is himself.
&gt;A community that is split down the middle on supporting a terrorist is a terrorist community. Would you stand by that if the subject was, say, the Muslim community, or do you only cast reaching condemnations on groups that you don't like? A community that is split down the middle on supporting a terrorist is a community that is split down the middle on supporting a terrorist.
His grandmother and brother say he was given up to the state for adoption because he was a problem child. Have any of these foster homes corroborated? Who is the teacher? Where are the classmates? He sold his life story in a three volume set and took it on a money making speaking tour, and there's no one else from his stories in his corner?
Any community where even 10% thinks something terrible is measured by that 10%, except when it's a community that you want exempt from that. B-b-but, those communities are too big and varied! It's a religion, it's founded on shared beliefs. And if those shared beliefs foster 10% of them to be awful, surely the whole thing most be awful! But no, that just doesn't count. (For the record, I don't think the Muslim community is a "terrorist" one, but that is the logic you're using and I knew you'd be a hypocrite when something opposite /pol/ got thrown in). Yeah, /pol/ is shit, but when the bulk of the posts are shitting on the guy, you don't get to say that the whole board is on his side.
The kind that have several other kids and can't handle the one constantly starting fires and calling attention to himself, the fuck are you talking about? Parents give up children all the time without being the sort to beat them with innertubes, it's a tragic thing for both parties.
But it's cool to talk about wrestling on a chinese synthetic weed BBS.
Yes, in the book that only he supports. One brothers AGREES with the book and having taken part. He just says after Dave left, the abuse turned on him. So yeah, I am taking what he says with a grain of salt, they're both pretending to be professional victims The other brother says they're both liars. But since speaking out, Dave says not to listen to him, he's retarded. If I post that you abused me, with not a single shred of evidence, and you say "no I didn't, that's stupid", and my response was to call you retarded, why on earth would what I say be more valid than what you say?
I don't give a shit about a bad person entering my house, my concern is them burning down my garage and kidnapping my daughter. He's not saying "fuck refugees", he's saying "fuck criminals and the lack of control being taken in regards to how refugees are taken in to prevent criminals from mixing in with society". But nice overstepping, you really made it look like you're not the unreasonable bleeding heart.
Yes, they can't prove it because it was in the past. But that doesn't apply to him. There were other people and organizations involved. His story isn't one where the details were lost or hid, it's one that's has RIGHT THERE, but with just enough information withheld to look into it. You're lumping his story in with real ones. His isn't one where he was afraid to report it until later, he was saved from it. His isn't one where no else knew, it's ones with countless other people involved. His isn't one were it happened so far back that he can't remember, he's published every vivid detail except the ones that would link it to a real person. Yes, doubting him hurts the real people afraid to come forward, I understand that, but I'm not going to believe him because other people hurt. There's a reason I'm posting this in a response recommending his stories on Reddit and not in response to people really looking up to him.
If skepticism of someone's elaborate stories with no evidence and nothing but detractors constitutes as a "weird obsession" to you then there's no reason to continue discussing this. But if you think I'm the only person to ever question the guy, I suggest you look into yourself. But unfortunately all I think it takes for you to be convinced is a sad story. But for what it's worth, I'm not trying to take the guy and what he stands for away from the people that need him, so much as wanting other people to look into it more before believing every word of it.
I'd rather any them than shutting down the borders, but I'd rather shutting down the borders than anything close to unchecked immigration. It's easy for you to say "you're killing people by not taking the risk on criminals", but I'd personally rather preserve one community than damage the people of two. But I'd much rather preserve both. Secure borders don't mean closed borders. Even a wall can have a gate.
I don't disagree, but you can't judge people who are literally agreeing with you by those that don't just because they frequent the same place.
Sorry, the brother, Dick, is the only person who corroborates, while also saying that the abuse was turned to him when Dave left. Dave says Dick is a liar. Dick is the only one who backs up Dave's story though. Another brother, Stephen, says they're both liars, to which Dave says that Stephen is retarded.
&gt; black combat boots with white stitching (evokes the black combat boots with white (or red) I think you're reaching. Plenty of designs use black with light stitching, because it looks good.
I love the Miz's PR stuff. Like, sure, making kids laugh and smile, that shit is the world and it's great. But he has to do it while letting them take shots at him.
NOT CONTENT WITH KILLING DRUG USERS, DUTERTE EXTENDS HIS MURDER SPREE ONTO UNBORN CHILDREN DOES HIS MURDER BONER KNOW NO BOUNDS jk gj dt
TM61 is more hot than cool, it causes burns.
Universe mode has had the brand split since at least '12
&gt; despite being the only person who was able to beat Lesnar and never losing to anyone else. He only won via a cheap shot, and Lesnar was shown to be able to beat him back when it came to being cheap.
Yeah, instead of WHAT? chants, they're going for WHO?
How big is that? A Duke bust would actually be a better selling point than the game, to me.
&gt;unite the world's governments Ha, get a load of this guy.
Darn, boo
&gt; I think the only time we would unite is if Earth was threatened Even that's a stretch, I think
That'd look too much like another wrestling show, I feel.
So far we have Lesnar beat Undertaker clean, Undertaker beat Lesnar cheap, and Lesnar beat Undertaker cheap. I think that proves that clean, Lesnar outranks him, and dirty, Lesnar outranks him.
That's not a counterpoint. In kayfabe, Lesnar underestimated Goldberg. Goldberg's win over Lesnar is the equivalent of a roll up pin over a main eventer, it wasn't about strength, it was about psychology. At the very least, it would put Goldberg in an S+. Kayfabe wise, it's Undertaker. A guy who lost, cheated, and lost again. You're confusing kayfabe with nostalgia.
Getting injured makes him weaker kayfabe. Everyone else gets kayfabe hurt and is just fine.
No one is dismissing the issue.
Not really, but I can see how it's interpreted that way. It's anything but clear.
When Cody Rhodes used to do that Disaster Kick off the ropes. It was so simple and could work any time. Not an elaborate move or anything, but I loved it.
Nah
Allegedly killed his girlfriend. Innocent until proven guilty is a thing, but it's strongly suggested the first trial had a cover up, and going back he was found mentally unfit to stand trial.
Well to be fair, whites and blacks alike get saddled with bad gimmicks. It's not like with Asian wrestlers, whose gimmicks are invariably "Asian wrestler". They cite the three members original gimmicks as racism, but how was Big E different than Mason Ryan? How is Kofi playing an Jamaican different than Hot Rod playing a Scotsman? Or Hornswoggle being Irish, even Hogan was initially cast as Irish, and people like to cite Papa Shango, but you got Bray Wyatt who debuted as a Max Cady Bayou Billy motherfucker too and no one bats an eye. They even clearly say Xavier's was Brodus's. If whites and blacks are being pigeonholed in the same shticks, is it really fair to say that pigeonholing is a black thing? I don't doubt that there are racist elements backstage, but I think people look for it where it's not, too. Mark Henry is a respected strongman, independent of his race, and Cesaro debuted yodeling. Seems to me like being thrown in shallow, caricature themed gimmicks is just a thing that happens to any race. With black wrestlers, people just seem too quick to dismiss it as one. If they play a straight up gimmick, it's a racial stereotype. Even when they don't have a gimmick, and just play "wrestler", it's somehow racist. If they just play a happy guy who wrestles, it's a racial stereotype. If they just play a cocky guy who wrestles, it's a racial stereotype. If they just play a silent strong guy who wrestles, it's a racial stereotype. Jesus, people bitched about Apollo Crews, because he played a "smiling JUST HAPPY TO BE HERE black guy". What the fuck even is that? He plays a positive person, holy shit not everything is a racial stereotype. Big E played a strong silent type, something that wrestlers of every race have been, but it's racist for a black guy to be that. What can a black wrestler portray WITHOUT it being racist? But there's so many "white guy" gimmicks, from yodeling to greasers to trust fund brats, to vikings and William Wallace and a fucking pirate, all things that are "white" and those are just wacky characters, even though it's an exact parallel to asking Xavier Woods, who has been preaching, to preach. only edit that matters: downvoting is fine, but if you think I'm wrong, educate me as to why, because I legit don't see why it's racist when it "happens" to some black guys, but when it's white guys playing a racial caricature... it's still just a black thing?
Has it ever been said that it was or wasn't Kofi's idea, or asked if he was okay with it? And alright, if you want to say "heritage makes it okay", it was still a Scottish stereotype, not just being billed from Scotland. Kilt, backpipes, Scottish rage. He, a white man, was playing a racial caricature that just lumped in the most generic things about the nationality, including something as negative as proneness to violence. If it was a black guy from, I dunno, Kansas, who happened to have Zulu heritage, and he was proud of it, and he played a Zulu character with a spear and a skirt and a shield who was all about honor and strength and cool positive shit, people would still be miffed. Hell, enough people complained about the Usos doing "having to do" their dance.
&gt; Have we looked back on NXT like that at any point in the past few years? Yes? Balor's reign really stalled NXT's momentum, and it's been a lot less about showcasing up and coming talent and more as just a stage for already made men to compete.
Bray Wyatt? And it could've been toned down, it could've even been written as a face (loves competition, challenges the strongest game to prove himself).
Many moons ago, in jolly old England, there were two sports. Rugby football, and Association football. When the New World began to get populated, the settlers were deathly bored. They needed a sport to play, a fierce and aggressive one that complimented their new home. They decided to play rugby football, because association football was for sissies. And since no one played the other kind of football, it didn't make sense to distinguish their football as the rugby type, so they just called it football. When girls and small children wanted an easy game to play, they revived as**soc**iation football, with the decidedly Oxfordian name of soccer, as football was now solely represented by rugby football. Meanwhile, in England, where homosexuality was less stigmatized, association football was more popular, so why bother clarifying which type of football it was when it was the only one that was regularly played? Note: I think this is somewhat true, but it's actually just a stupid macho American explanation that a Canadian friend told me, and soccer is super cool and I can't really make sense of American football, as an American
Between your teeth, under your tongue, etc. They might hold it in their mouth with the blade covered, though I doubt that because it adds an extra step and they're usually broken to be even smaller. It's not hard to hold something in your mouth. Squirrels do it. You saying a squirrel's better than you?
Dixie Carter the person was bad at her backstage job, but the Dixie Carter character was fine enough and she was alright at that one
&gt;abbrogatiok principle The what
Does the star actually need me? Is there anything that you, I, or the collective efforts of everyone on this planet could do to directly effect it? I don't think so. I don't think the star needs anything, especially not from us. Some people need me/my money, so they can possibly know something else about the star. But that doesn't bother the star. "The most mysterious star in the universe's fanclub needs you"
”colorizebot" in a parent comment
Yeah but why not just do a 1:1 pixel copy of a Mega Man sprite? That's talented art too!
Reddit is like the most vocally divided website on MRA stuff that I can name. And the circlejek about about how men have an oppression circlejerk isn't exactly infrequent either.
Yeah but membership requires participation in an actual circlejerk too
Every adult that I knew who watched wrestling in the attitude era was pirating their ppvs anyway, so that's my anecdotal. The network is too convenient, thankfully. But even I have to use a stream for Raw sometimes, so I can speed through it. 3 hours is too much. Didn't they used to do a recap show on weekends?
I feel like past and passed both work here, no?
"not being able" is both present and past, isn't it? If not, fair enough, not going to correct it but I'll be more aware. Mistakes like that are a diamond dozen. ;)
Like a competent One Man Brand
How many more chances to vote for Obama will you have?
Yeah, I knew that's what you meant, but the wording made it seem like you'll have to put the "I won't vote Obama" experience to use again
I dunno, did you mean to post Baten Kaitos?
Blake and Murphy are the most decorated tag team in wrestling history. Alexa Bliss AND Sara Lee??
His moveset is terrible, his gear is boring, his character is mostly uninterestering, his look is bland, and he very much so was shoved down my throat as much as Reigns was, just with WACKYLINEZ instead of spears. I'd rather be bored with the stoic strong man than an unfunny goof. These are all subjective problems that can be fixed, and ones that often do improve or get worse to varying degrees. Recently he's been a lot more tolerable outside of the ring, and his hit and miss antics have been a few more hits than misses, but he's still not a character or performer that I can get behind. I've not been invested in any of his storylines since he stopped pursuing Seth because I really can't figure out what the fuck the guy is supposed to be about, what his ambitions are, and why he even kayfabe gives a fuck about being in WWE. And in all honesty, his fans have definitely contributed to me not liking him, people were clamoring about how WWE didn't appreciate him and that it was a shock they would use "someone like him" in a world title scene (he was in the top ten highest paid employees before he had any world titles). Like, they were trying to act like Dean was going through the same stigma and hurdles as Daniel Bryan and that's fucking bullshit, Dean debuted in one of the most protected stables in history and is a Triple H pet project, anyone who honestly thought he wasn't the pick of the litter with world title potential since Shield day one is lying to themselves. Also, he gets to tap Renee. Like, fuck, man.
At first I thought it was because Refresh Page icon is usually a swirl
Dalton Castle makes me uncomfortable in multiple ways I like it.
His gimmick and ring gear are strong points in his favor as far as I'm concerned
You don't really think that, right? Most wrestlers of either sex are physical specimens.
Yeah but what if THEY also EXPECT us to say that?
&gt;The origin of Polish jokes Well, they're from Poland, but for the record it's more politically correct to call them Poles.
That's not a Sims map, it's a picture of a Sims map!
"I wish you died in the womb"
awoorior
Wow, interesting. I only had a passing knowledge of the guy as far his initial claims to Christian fame, and had never heard that. Just read into it, gave me a lot more reason to continue not really giving a shit. It seems to go well passed "of it's time" Jew hate.
Is it actually his new finisher or just a move?
&gt; The great pyramid is actually 8 sided huh?
Whoa, man
&gt;According to George Fox's autobiography, Bennet "was the first that called us Quakers, because I bade them tremble at the word of the Lord"
huh. Interesting.
&gt; Not to mention the giant holes they found cut out of the nearby rocks that would only be possible with power drilling tools today You do know that bow drills were invented like, 8,000 years ago, right? That seems like a very simple way to drill a decent circle. And that almost certainly led to the creation of the even simpler brace and bit. It's not "only possible" with power tools by any means.
That's why people want climate change to destroy the planet, so the game ends with America on top! They're trying to protect us, and China just wants to win, they don't care about the environment!
I went to a live event a little while before Adam Rose was released, and he had match. Crowd was pretty quiet, especially for him, and I was near the ring on the floor, and I cheered for everything the guy did. Afterwards I tweeted @ him about how he made my night or something else marky like that. Never got a response. Broke my heart. Or it would've if I wasn't with a friend who said they'd buy me a slice of pizza if I went nuts for Rose.
Having information doesn't necessarily equate to knowing how to use it.
This is the exact opposite thought that I had. Palicos are rad. Except even that interest wouldn't change my opinion on this roster.
A gigolo is a unique subset prostitute, itself a subset of the slut species.
Literally all of these DLCs are things that interest me but still not enough to buy or go back to either game until they're released.
Imagine it. You're on your knees, at her feet, rubbing one out to her toes. And then some of it gets on her toes. Imagine looking up, even though you know that you shouldn't, that it's not your place. Imagine the look of disgust on her face. On the surface, it looks indifferent. But you can see it.
Now, money is power, corporations are people
We used to have a mailman that would always leave a little pile of cat food at the end of our driveway (closest to the house) because my cat would always sleep on the end near the road too close to the mailbox for him to pull up. He figured since he was getting out to shoo my cat anyway, he might as well make it not too much of an inconvenience on my fat ass cat. Nice guy. Smart cat.
What wrestler's underwear would you most want to smell after a thirty minute inferno iron man match
&gt; My main beef is they are made to be collected, as opposed to collecting something that's important to the collector. There's always been a ton of shit like this, though. Remember Beanie Babies?
The problem is that if you crop the tops to show the butt, none of these characters will be unique enough to look like anything but generic butts. And if you shrink it to include everything, the butts will be too small to appreciate. The previous SF one worked because those were iconic butts. Shit game or not, the behinds that we left were too good to leave behind.
&gt;no Panda &gt;no Mrs. Roger &gt;no Heihachi are you even trying
I think you're just not used to it after being away. It's the same cycle of 2spooky promo/claim to be a god, wacky magical flickering lights and swamp gas, lose match, and ignore that and repeat the process as if nothing happened to the next guy. The promos definitely haven't gotten any more compelling than the rambling in circles they've been since the main roster debut.
That's dumb
&gt;First they came for the thuggery, and I did not speak out— Because I was not a thuggerist &gt;Then they came for the Japanese adult video webms, and I did not speak out— Because whoa fuck you man leave them out of this I'll fucking fight you
I dunno man. I admit I'm no expert on the guy, but just glossing over it, while his hating Islam and Catholics it's still a very amicable, tolerable "live and let live" hate, it seems like he's a lot more toxic to Jews. Granted I'm just looking at a few quotes on wikipedia so if I'm missing something I'm the first to admit it.
Is it stupid to not know what something you've never had to identify is?
&gt;something you've never had to identify I don't see how it could be called common sense.
Undertale invented pixels
I like it in Chikara, and I'd like if he used it elsewhere and the guys completely no sold it or over sold it in kayfabe to mock him. Did he use it seriously outside of Chikara/WIF?
Noam Dar and Alicia Fucks is also something regulated to a C show and throw away lower-than-midcard matches, with zero advertising exposure, not the name of a PPV that is going to be plastered all over the place right under advertisers' noses. Burying jokes in the card isn't the same as naming the card after a dick joke.
As long as the door isn't easily opened, I'm fine with it. Have it locked/chained, and it has to forced open, not held open by a ref, and it's alright. If the goal is escaping, escape by any means. I'd rather just have more cage matches where the goal isn't escaping, and the cage is meant to keep them in or to be weaponized inside and out of it.
AC/DC has absolutely nothing to do with my point
&gt;Every middle schooler since at least the 70's has gone out of their way to make dick jokes. Yes. Middle schoolers. Which are not the same thing as 70 year old millionaires who need to name events for publicly traded companies and who were around when an expression that had nothing to do with testicles was popular. &gt;The only people who think that's a recent thing are under 25 or have been severely sheltered their whole lives. See &gt;You do know that is almost 20 years after what I'm talking about, right? **And hell, the slang may have been around forever**, I'm talking about the mentality of defaulting to making everything a dick joke and thinking the mere mention of the word "balls" out of context is hilarious.
&gt;but the correct pronunciation is "Baw-**ler**" Yeah but the correct pronunciation is Baw**lor**. Finn just has an accent. Bah and Baww may as well be close enough.
You said the babyface would be the one climbing though. Which is why I asked why they wouldn't just go for the pin. Plus it still gets into the stupidity of having a stipulation that favors cowardice.
&gt;Climbing out is something for a coward to do See &gt;Plus it still gets into the stupidity of having a stipulation that favors cowardice. It doesn't make sense for that to be an option in the first place. If Miz is mouthing off and running from matches and then gets punished by being put in a cage against a face Big Show, it doesn't make sense for Miz to be rewarded for still managing to run away. Surely a more fitting stipulation is one where he's not even allowed to run away.
Yeah, no, what you're saying doesn't make any fucking sense. If the person who's going to lose is beaten down anyway, you may as well pin them. Climbing out doesn't prove anything that pinning them wouldn't. Plus that's not how cage matches work all the time anyway. More often you have people scrambling over the cage with someone at their heels, kicking at each other like kids in the backseat of a car. That doesn't make anyone look strong. You're grasping at straws. The point of a cage match is to keep people from interfering (which happens anyway), and keep people from trying to run away from the fight, which is where the inconsistency is because that's also a potential way to win, which would award a cowardly heel for the same reason they're put in a cage match. It's not to "beat your opponent down", if that's the goal, have a last man standing match.
I'm comprehending everything you're saying, it just happens to be that it's stupid and almost entirely unrelated to what actually happens in those matches.
Two people are feuding. One is a face, one is a heel. Both are strong, but the heel has a penchant for rolling out of the ring and running away to avoid losses. As punishment, the PPV comes around, and they're put in a cage match so he'll be forced to take his lumps. This can continue in a variety of ways. The face *could* win by beating the heel down and having the time to climb over the cage. The heel could also do the same. This is the only scenario where it works the way you say. But if the face beats down the heel, he doesn't prove he's stronger because he climbed instead of pinning him. "but more seconds" doesn't mean anything. He could call over the ref and have him unlock the door, which also takes time. Or, while the climber is climbing, the downed wrestler could get up to stop them. If they try to pull the climber down, but the climber kicks them off and scrambles over just in time, the winner didn't win because they downed their opponent long enough to escape, like you claim. Their opponent got up, their opponent tried to stop them, obviously they still had plenty of fight in them. They won because they kicked them in the face and made them let go for a split second, allowing them to go up over the cage. They didn't beat down their opponent, they won by running away from a fight. No one looks strong here. If the face did it, it looks silly, and if the heel did it, they got away with the same shenanigans they've been pulling. The heel could win by escaping, constantly kicking down the face every time he tries to stop him without even starting with beating them down. This doesn't make the heel look stronger for having escaped - this also rewards him for the reason that the match was booked in the first place. If "the point of a cage match" is beating down the opponent, the cage match has failed as a match type, because that is rarely how they are won. Just have an LMS match in a cage. Having escaping as an option does not, in any way, make anyone look strong, and you can parrot as much as you want that climbing takes more time than pinning but that's never going to make it look more logical than just doing LMS.
&gt;Nothing you're complaining about is actually a logical inconsistency. Winning by escaping is an inconsistency. It is running from a fight. The match type being old does not change that.
&gt;I'd rather actually ignore the inconsistencies and tell you there's not one than have to realize that I talk out of my ass Yeah, alright
It explicitly is.
Except when someone climbs over the cage, to run from a fight.
Yeah, by running from it.
By running from it. You're treating it like cage matches are won by climbing over the cage while your opponent is on their back, and not by just climbing over the cage, often while the opponent is still in fighting condition. Climbing the cage is running from a fight.
no u
&gt;I'm still going to completely ignore when you actually point out the faults in my reasoning
That would be clever if you actually ever had any points other than "YOU'RE WRONG". Come on, actually respond. If the opponent (loser) is still on their feet, or even scaling the cage, how has the winner "ended the fight" by going over first if not just by escaping?
Because you never actually addressed it. You said that it takes more time to scale the cage, so beating down the opponent and giving the winner time to climb is ending the fight. And that'd be fine, if that's actually how cage matches were won, but it's not. Just as often people win while there's a scramble to get over by both competitors, or while one is still in fighting shape. How is winning in those scenarios "ending a fight" and not "running from a fight"?
nop
You never addressed the things that I pointed out. You addressed something completely unrelated to them and continued to stress that, despite it not applying to what I was talking about.
Because it's not there, because you never actually did it, so I guess I'm still not going to. Sorry babe.
&gt;Sure, it might be if it was written off as super easy, where wrestlers are able to quickly escape and matches ended in a flash, but that isn't the case. I'm not writing it off as that, I recognize that they're often drawn out with a lot of offense. But when both competitors are still active and someone wins by getting out, I can't associate that with "winning a fight". &gt;but on the other hand, it comes with a much higher risk of bodily harm. I see it less as cowardice, and more as a high-risk, high-reward victory condition that offers its own type of dramatic tension. &gt;Plus, in a company where the just climbing to the top turnbuckle is sold as being "high risk," scaling the cage is considered doubly as dangerous. No matter how the match ends, the idea is that the wrestlers have to take risks and go through a huge beating first in order to get there. This is a good point and I can't fault anyone else for seeing it that way, but I still really can't buy it. Yeah, the height "increases the risk", but there's just something about the scramble when both guys are still up and trying to get over that to me looks like nothing but rewarding the one that "got away first". I think a cage setting is perfect for LMS stipulation matches. But there's very little context for going over the cage that looks to me like anything but running away. There the cage is weaponized like the cell, and climbing the cage then serves the same function as climbing ladders in pinfall ladder matches - you climb up for high risk offense, not high risk retreating. But in escaping from a cage match? Yeah, they went through risks - the same crazy risks that they'd go through in most gimmick matches. And then they win by doing what is that match's equivalent to tapping.
If you think there's no stereotyping of Jews in England you must not talk to any Jews/people that hate Jews.
On top of the RLM video you were already shown, multiple people involved in the film blamed sexism for the negative reception that the trailers and later the movie received. Just [look at how this is framed](http://archive.is/IWKuE). Yes, there were sexist trolls, but most articles and interviews about Ghostbusters' negativity were written and twisted in such a way so that the only negativity is the sexist kind. "Someone disliked Ghostbusters reboot? It must be a troll!" This is one article, but there's plenty more and I'm on mobile so I can be bothered to keep looking. But if you were paying attention to the "controversy" at the time, the director and multiple actresses were taking to twitter and interviews a lot to blame sexism. There was very much a narrative being pushed. Since the movie came out, Fieg's since shifted the blame less on sexists and more to people who are just always bitter about reboots. Still, it's petty blaming rather than accepting fault.
&gt;the 60s The late 70s, only like 4 years before Lauper's cover and the lyrics were slightly changed to make sense of the change in perspective. Though the interpretation was probably the same. Girls wanna have fun.
What they don't seem to realize is that most concepts are social constructs. Humans are a social species. Having social constructs is what separates higher animals from the shittier ones.
Yeah, any kind of utopia is decent if it's a utopia. That's why it's a utopia.
Most egregious is &gt;Trystan
I thought Naomi wanted it. There's no current number one contender and she asked to put her title on the line.
She was mad at Lana and wanted to put her in her place. Blinded by rage. Which is what Lana wanted.
I don't think anything could make Corbin fit that look. He looks like whatever the modern equivalent to Jeff Hardy's 90s edgy white trash look is. So just tighter pants, really.
Sometimes the headlines are funny, but I've never once seen a Kayfabe News article that delivered enough to make it worth reading past that headline.
Is that something that you made up on the spot because I can't think of any instances of that
&gt;Arn made up for any strength disadvantage Wasn't Arn the Enforcer *because* he was the strong one?
I feel like you're just making this up as you go.
*expected Haitch face*
&gt;I don't know what vegan coffee is, I'd assume it's just coffee with no milk or anything like that in it Yeah, vegans generally don't eat/drink animal byproducts, which includes milk. And if this person works at McDonald's, I think most of their coffee products use milk, so it's not an unreasonable question. If anyone wants to correct me, please do.
Youtube autoplayed the Pepe Silvia one after. The Rock one was great, but holy shit wow
Or ask if there are vegan alternatives​ that use soy instead of a milk. Why are you so triggered?
Super Skyrim Turbo HD Remix
It's an Irish whip rebound isn't it?
Anything that has any ties to anything financial is a juicy target. You overestimate the level that all foreign hackers are on and underestimate the scope of their targets.
When places market soy coffee as vegan coffee you tend to call it vegan coffee. And they're not asking for soy specifically, they're just asking if there's any vegan option at all. It's a perfectly reasonable request, they're not being militant or preachy about it. I can't even begin to grasp why you would think it's anything but a fair question. Also, veggie haggis is better than the real thing imo
&gt;That’s common for television shoots in India and wouldn’t have the same stigma if you did that in the U.S. The part everyone is missing.
Oh yeah, should've been clear, I've always loved the guy, just that that used to be a bit of a minority opinion
Where did it say there was no fan attendance?
To continue being fair, nothing in this article actually disproves it, the evidence just amounts to "he has a mean username/seems like an asshole". Being listed as from California doesn't really have any bearing on where they're currently at. My twitter profile says I'm from Zanzibar. I'm not though. I'd take both sides with a heaping of salt.
Caucactusity?
So where does Tiger Mask W development leave Tiger Mask IV?
Aang is fictional and Asia doesn't exist in that setting
Guiding costs money and is just an indirect way of donating to reddit.
Indy appearance is a different beast altogether. A former WWE talent is a special attraction and draw that would fill more seats and make them more money. You're overlooking numerous key differences if you think it's a similar scenario.
Still a different story. John Cena is a part of the roster, a one time appearance on an indy circuit is a different product with a different audience draw.
The situation in WWE and Indies is completely different, regardless of the similar situations. The issue with WWE, that Ryback wasn't necessarily wrong in pointing out is that enhancement talent and jobbers and just the losers of feuds play monumental roles in building up the stars who are getting paid more.
It is definitely a fighting game, it was just never supposed to be competitive one. It's a casual party fighter like Power Stone Edit: Stop letting your dislike make you retarded. How is Gundam Vs a fighting game and Smash isn't?
I know Low Ki is known for his terrible personality but I feel like if he came up later things would've been different. Part of his complex, at least in WWE, had to have been influenced by being so good yet so unimportant there. Maybe joining later, with other TNA and guys who made waves in Japan, his ego would be a bit more in check. He's a fucking great wrestler, it's just a shame that his signature move is burning bridges.
Like that time Booker called Hogan the same thing!
Was there ever any info about TxSF? I remember hearing about it alongside SFxT, with Ryu/ERyu, Jin/DJin being mentioned, but nothing ever came from it did it?
Other forms of developmental have came and went.
Did T7 advertise low load times or something? I don't get what the issue with housekeeping their load times is
&gt; No Super BS Is Golden Frieza not Super?
☑ intelligent ☑ powerful ☑ a big sweetie is mark henry the perfect man
You mean the movie that essentially launched Super and also the second story arc of Dragon Ball Super, the movie that elaborated on what would become important elements and characters in Super but are completely meaningless to Z? If you think Super is "BS", it's a stretch to draw the line after BOG and ROF which are "Z" in name only, because in the grand scheme of things their plots are lot more Super than Z-centric.
Forget that, time for Blue Club
It's not 2k, but I thought WWE 12 had a really fun story to it's storymode. Top level heel Miz, European invasion, WCW invasion. It was rad.
*Miz coming out on the King of Kings throne*
Most old fraternal organizations do mock pagan rituals for shits and giggles. Its not that weird when you consider doing that shit for fun is the norm. When you frame it as old white dudes trying to appease elder gods, it's weird, but when you widen that frame and see it as a fraternal group doing silly over the top mock rituals to have self righteous fun that organizations from the Navy to Shriners do, it's a lot less strange and a lot more par for the course.
He thought it looked cool in college.
To be fair Chris looked like garbage in MvC3 too Cap tho, holy shit
I think the problem there is that ArcSys games are more niche in America. They're not obscure, but Capcom games have a lot more visibility to mainstream audiences and it's them and MK games that can really raise or lower the bar for standards. Which is also why Dragon Ball is an exciting prospect, ArcSys backing something extremely known to casual audiences.
So yes, it is a lie, because that doesn't utilize the in game settings and requires outside tools and **mod**ification. Everything about what you linked to is the most straight forward definition of a modded game.
Is it racist, or just a stereotype? It's not racist unless it's being used to put the race down. Showing a stereotype type that does/did exist, especially in a way that is meant to be positive/neutral isn't racist. Aunt Jemima seems like a nice lady. A stereotype, for sure. But "sweet old lady who makes the kids some damn good pancakes" isn't one of those hateful slurs that I can recall.
The Aunt Jemima stock character was one created by celebrated black American Billy Kersands, whose entire claim to fame was "taking back" offensive stereotypes, so it's more complex than that, regardless of it's prevelance in then racist minstrel shows. The aunt Jemima character was not created to show subservience to whites, and serving people pancakes is hardly racist. Yes, the mammy stereotype type is/was real, but detached from anything that stresses racial inferiority, is there anything hateful in the stereotype type of being a good caretaker? "Mammys" were a thing that actually existed, and while it was a sort of continuation of slavery it was also employment and an all around generally better situation than slavery. Maids are a thing. Is it okay to have a mascot as a maid, just so long as it's not an upbeat black one?
Racism is stereotyping based on the assumption that that race is inferior or that is another is superior. Without the inferiority​/superiority motive, it is not racism, just stereotyping. Stereotyping and racism is not and never was synonymous, though one can be used to enforce the other. But if you don't, it doesn't.
She was created by a black person. Is a black character developed by a black person black face?
Smaller sheets of paper
And does anything about "makes good pancakes" or talking with an accent that a character like her actually would have lend itself to racial inferiority? Because it doesn't. She's just an old black maid. A stereotype, but unless you're making it about racial inferiority, there's nothing inherently racist about the stereotype. Hells, folks is cheering for her pancakes. If she was meant to be reviled, I doubt people would be so happy with her work.
Using racial caricatures to promote racism is racist, but their existence is not if not used for that purpose. Was Speedy Gonzalez racist because he was a caricature. Stereotypes are impossible to do away with. They exist because they represent real things, made one dimensional to fit simple media, whether it's race or anything else. If stereotyping on its own was racist, it'd be pretty hard to find anything pure. What you said about how it can be harmful is true, definitely. But that is what I'm saying. The stereotypes themselves may not actually be harmful, it's the means in which they can be used to promote racism that make them bad. Just look at the mammy trope. It's mostly positive qualities. But if it's used to promote black subservience as a necessity, then it's wrong.
No he didn't
That is completely different than the much more tasteless "gravity didn't forget Owen"
He sure as hell didn't. He said "he didn't defy gravity". No where near tastelessly repurposing Neville's nickname that people "quote" him as saying
So he Booker didn't "really say that", he "basically said a near equivalent to that".
[Question]: Whenever I launch Steam for the first time, nothing loads. It just keeps trying to load the pages with no result, including a the News popup window. Usually when I close and restart, it's fine, but that's time consuming. What do
&gt;not knowing the difference between identical and different http://i.imgur.com/iASie2x.jpg If someone is said to have "really done something" and what they actually did is something that isn't that, then they didn't "really do that", now did they?
Miz is the PR guy that I appreciate the most. Not that the Cena gig isn't hard, but to go out and be the guy that everyone loves to love is nice. Miz has to go out there and get shit on by kids and smile and play the villain. He doesn't cop out and play the good guy, he just tones it down and lets everyone who takes a shot at him win
It's funny, I do that in the time it takes my snazzy flight screen to boot up when I turn it on. I swear there's like a solid 5 seconds between the power button press on the remote and it actually turning on. Welcome to the future! My 90s tv was instant!
That's still older than 29 the first time
&gt;Loading times are exactly the same. Mine had some poor load times after awhile, sometimes making me think the game had froze. However, other than that, it ran great and was my preferred way to play it.
The issue of "manspreading" is the most transparent sexist (anti-men) shit I've ever heard. Not that it's the worst, but it's the most egregious "issue" that is actually just thinly veiled sexism. Every time I've used public transportation and someone was taking up too much room, it was a woman with her bag on the seat next to her, or a woman who spaced herself between the strangers on either side so she wouldn't have to be too close, turning a space that could fit two people a bit tight into a snug space for one. Yes, I have no doubt that the actual thing that manspreading is happens, but at the same time women are equally guilty of doing the same shit. It's not an issue of sex, it's a lack of courtesy.
I just want Xavier to be exposed as the fraud he is at fighters
Maybe it's there for people with black fetishes!
Then you weren't being polite
&gt; where is Tye Off my screen, thankfully
&gt;I don't care about facts or history or established grammatical rules, all that matters are **my** feelings I'm so sorry edit: I am doubly sorry for your hurt feelings, you sensitive snowflakes. Please don't blog about me on your tumblr
WWE treats this duo who have had, what, one match together, way better than they did the Owens Zayn feud.
It is officially called SA in shorthand. That's what your link proves.
Shit, that's good. I just saw a Warlord figure in Target the other day and thought that his mask would work for Kenny's Terminator mask on a custom fig.
The abbreviation used at the Olympics was not the abbreviation for Saudi Arabia, it was the abbreviation used in place of saying the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. I'm being technical, but you were trying and failing to be by linking to the Wikipedia article. Anyone who acts like SA isn't clearly referring to Saudi Arabia in a conversation about Saudi Arabia is trying too hard.
I was in Verizon yesterday and they had a display near the front with like five flip phone models. Some of them are still more expensive than I'm willing to pay for a phone
I wouldn't call it stupid, it's just not perfect. I had to slum it in an apartment but still had my TV. You could draw a right angle from my couch to my sink, and that TV was sat at the vertex, facing the couch, so when I did dishes my back was to the TV. Flat, I wouldn't have been able to see shit if I looked over my shoulder, but curved I could at least see who was on screen or a score or something. I wouldn't recommend paying the extra price tag just to have something that allows you to watch a split second while doing the dishes, but it's still not a completely novel idea.
I don't care enough to read everything on the subject, but that one quote makes it sound like she did more than "inspire" it. &gt;a lot of it – **the lyric** and the concept – came from Yoko Though I have to wonder if that actually just means "one lyric"
I think that's less an issue of the left and more an issue of young people and people from generations more inclined to follow than act, and the left tends to be more attractive to them. Then those young people get older, but they don't grow up. Hero worship is still very much a thing on the right too.
And to the Republic, for which it stands. The pledge is not to the flag, it's *through* the flag.
I could be retarded. I'm not saying the wording is wrong, I'm just stating the purpose of the wording. You're pledging to the flag because it is the avatar of the nation which you're actually pledging to. When you talk to someone, you make eye contact, but you're talking to them, not their eyes.
&gt;twerking They're also taking the best booty, so we wouldn't have any use for it anyway. You ever seen someone with no ass try to twerk? The worst part isn't how bad it looks, but how proud of herself she looks, like she's actually flaunting something.
So was everyone else. Odin only has his horse because he didn't want to pay the giants for building the wall around Asgard, so he had Loki distract them. Loki turned into a female horse and lured the giant builder's horse away, causing him to leave without getting paid. Also Loki fucked the horse as a lady horse and gave birth to Sleipnir. He's a mother to various monsters. Loki once gave Thor's hammer away to some giants as a wedding gift. Thor was pissed, so they had to get it back by disguising themselves as bridesmaids and sneaking into the wedding.
The elbow pad removal and running the ropes was just part of a taunt. It was, "look, I laid you out so hard that I have time to yuck it up before I actually hit you, I'm that good, I'm that confident". It's great, and it fit the Rock great, it was never different than popping off crotch chops before a hit or Cena doing his hand wave before a strike.
&gt;strengths &gt;Ziggler's selling I admit that I haven't seen the match but Ziggler's selling rarely makes me think the other guy looks strong, it's often way too cartoony for me. I think his selling only works when it's selling his own offense as taking a toll. When it's other people's, it always feels like crazy bumps... that he immediately recovers from, making the selling pointless.
This. Remember how Lucha Underground on Netflix was supposed to put wrestling on the map for casual audiences?
A lot of people here
Japan's pervasive nationalist philosophies? Considering most factions in Gundam, even the "bad ones" tend to be filled with a lot of good natured people who are meant to cast their side in a not completely evil light, it's more reasonable to think that they're based on things closer to home.
&gt;Zeon was certainly based on the axis powers of wwii, &gt;including Japan. So, what I just said? &gt;Titans &gt;FDR Other than "semi-fascist", I can't think of a single reason that this could even almost be true, and it plays right into Japan's nationalist elements.
You're the one who mentioned Zeon. I said Titans were likely based on the substantial nationalist, right-wing elements in Japan, and that "most "bad guys"" in Gundam (which would include both Titans and Zeon) are given characters to make them somewhat sympathetic and that that makes it all the more likely to mean a Japanese inspiration source. Plus the Titans hook up with Axis Zeon anyway. Nationalists siding with an Axis sounds pretty Japanese to me.
Doesn't it have worse hardware than the N3DS though?
Your example confuses comeuppance through engaging and meaningful storytelling with lazy deus ex machina.
I don't think he's overrated as a wrestler, he's among the best, but in his treatment in WWE. Yeah, he was the first universal champion and had to relinquish it due to injury, but holy shit, I just saw the trailer to his 24 and you'd think it was about Owen Hart as melancholy as it was. He was barely on screen at all, won, had to lose it due to injury, and came back. It's not like his career ended or he died, but Jesus that was some overly sympathetic bullshit for something so comparatively minor. Where's Naomi's 24 for the same shit? Granted, I don't think she needs one, but that also means I don't think Balor does. Also he was poorly booked in NXT.
I miss fat pikachu
It was a terrible reign and a terrible show at the time. A long reign isn't necessarily good reign.
The names they give to the iterations of Gohan in the games has always bothered me. Saiyan Saga - Frieza Saga Gohan is Kid Gohan. That's fine. Android/Cell Saga is *Teen* Gohan despite like you said, him only being 10-11. That ain't a teen. And then the Gohan from the Buu Saga? That's *Adult* Gohan, even though he's just a high schooler.
&gt;It's just regret that some characters had potential and were left behind, while some others were less interesting (yamcha kek) Especially as the power creep went on. It was kinda sad seeing characters that had grown on me matter less and less. Piccolo was the only character that actually had a substantial character development in DB-DBZ. Vegeta had the same one on fast forward.
Which one of those was El Torito?
Which would make more sense given is shtick for sounding cultured.
Heihachi in fundoshi when
No part of that shirt design invokes the idea of traditional Japanese art to me at all, where do you get that from?
Then you don't know what you're talking about. He's not a good talker but he had like three different segments on the last show and said a hell of a lot more than "two sentences". If you're going to try to tell people how bad he is, lying doesn't help your case.
So nothing at all? *Ruby Riot* has been bordering on just bad, and all she brings to the table is something positive that she's not once tapped into on NXT? Meanwhile, Ember consistently puts on decent matches but you don't care? It sounds like you're reaching, or that you just don't want to like Ember.
&gt; murdered millions Is "millions" the same as "significantly less than a million"? Granted, even 1 is too many, but *millions*?
&gt; Also "huge native cities".. outside of the pueblas, that didn't happen Not huge by today's standards or the rest of the world at the time, but the natives in the New England area did have more than rocks and twigs and teepees in the woods. They had long houses and walled cities, with different houses for individual families and community service. I'd call them towns or villages before I called them cities though. OP is exaggerating but you're greatly under selling them.
Whatcha gonna do when tigermania runs wild on you
&gt;Did you honestly think anything was going to come from that? Considering a match with Big Show was casually hyped, yes. Also, it's still a celebrity appearance out of nowhere for no reason with no explanation or follow through, just to say, "look, we got a celebrity". Completely different than a former wrestler showing up in a battle royal. No different than TNA's use.
&gt; stealing of Ambrose's logo The anarchy symbol has hardly been monopolized by Dean. Considering Bray claims to be some kind of chaotic anti authoritarian god and Dean is just so randum, it barely fits the latter anyway.
Is it really a racial slur in the context of a black guy saying it to a black guy about a white guy?
Did you just see everyone saying "sponsors" in response to different questions and assume that was the right answer to everything? I get that it's still *offensive* to sponsors even if the bulk of the audience enjoyed it. Sponsors being offended or not does not address what I said though, I am questioning the wording of the article. They call the n-word, here used by a black man to other black man to refer to a white man, as a slur. Profanity, yes, definitely, it totally is, but unless I missed something and the Miz is actually the Wiz, I don't think it's a racial slur.
It can be profanity without being a racial slur.
I'm pretty sure they mentioned that match up before hand.
Why is it all in good fun when a black teenager, who is supposed to be a good guy youngster, uses the word about a white dude, but not a white guy, who's character is that of a more than slightly insane egomaniac, using it toward another white guy?
See, you're also just incorrectly using fallacies too, as if using them guarantees that you're both using them properly, and that you're not wrong in the first place. I was always really aggravated by this mysterious "retard's bravado" when it happened on tumblr, someone saying something stupid, getting called out, and then just crying about fallacies while everyone patted them on the back for being a genius. It's interesting how so many people default to this in the absence of any argument on their own behalf. It's like their substituting ""intellectualism"", earned through a grueling tenure in high school level English, through knowing the names of fallacies on behalf of actual intelligence in whatever they're trying to back up. You don't have to know anything about the shit you're spouting if you can just turn off anyone else's argument by crying about fallacies. Now, you made an outrageous claim. One without any evidence. "but I live around black people!". That's not evidence, whether it's true or not. On top of that, you've also been moving the goalposts to ensure that the conversation veers off in a direction where you're technically right even if it's no longer about the subject at hand - we'll get back to that. Your immunity is that you "can't prove a negative". Again, hearkening back to your dazzling high school education. That logic works in philosophy, it works in court. But not in real life. You made a claim, you'd best be able to prove it. If you're just going to fall on philosophical rhetoric and crying about ad hominem, you're going to be an ignorant sack of shit the rest of your life - actually, worse than that. You're going to go through life thinking you're hot shit for no reason. Philosophical rhetoric is great when used by people who actually know their rhetoric. When used by anyone else, it's stupid. You want to "prove" that black people don't blu- my, bad, *change color*. Fine, at least link me to other sources that corroborate on this outlandish idea - maybe one of them will pitch it in logical way. Because yes, you're right. You didn't say that black people can't blush. You said they can't *turn pink*. And that's also correct. I've never seen a black person just suddenly turn the shade of Pepto Bismol. I guess you win. But I've also never seen a white person do that. I've seen their cheeks redden, become rosy, *pinken*, but never truly become pink. And that's also something that I've seen light skinned black people do. Coincidentally, I've never seen a white person actually go pale with sickness or fear. I'm sure it does happen literally *sometimes*, but saying "pale" or "pink" in these cases aren't often meant to be taken literally. Sometimes they are. Sometimes they refer to changes in color that while technically aren't white or pink are close enough to it to mark that change. And sometimes they're only mentioned because it's literary, and meant to only be taken as such. When "the color drained" from a character's face, they didn't literally lose the color in their face. It just represents their fear. Same with reddening cheeks, they don't actually always go red - even though sometimes they do, including on black people. But back to you and your goalposts. "I didn't say they don't blush, I said they don't turn pink!" Sort of. You're only saying that now. Because you started with &gt;**face changing color** (going pink, pale, tanned, **etc**) **depending on situation, which isn't a thing that happens to black people** Not just talking about "turning pink", but changing color in general ("etc"). Which definitely does happen in black people. They also [tan](http://i.imgur.com/W7pkSD2r.jpg), something you said that they don't do. For the record, there's no fucking way Hermione was ever written as a dark person.
I'm not against the death penalty at all, I'm against people saying "he's not even human!" as a made up way of excusing themselves from calling for the death of *another human*. Just call him a fucked up human who did awful things and this is the only befitting punishment.
First, you're reaching by calling all of those "murder" or even intended murder. Wartime casualties are a far cry from genocide or murder. The War of 1812, you mean that had been proceeded by attacks on colonist by Natives at Britain's behest? Yeah, that's totally Jackson's fault. Second, even if you did, even if we count every death on both sides of the War of 1812 (19,000), and fuck it, not even the Natives that died on the Trail of Tears but *every Native displaced by it in the first place, died or not* (17,000), it's still just 36,000. Which is still significantly less than a million. I don't even think a million people were even *involved* in the combined two events. Andrew Jackson did a lot of scummy shit but he did not murder or call for the murder of "millions" of people.
Unless they radically change direction in almost every regard, it will still look like shit after they release too.
WWE has "PG Era" trademarked? And even if they do, have they ever actually called it that?
Did Dasha used to be the announcer at NXT live events? I thought she did fine there, if that's who it was. Always fun and getting into it.
And instead of a made up issue, it's one that actually exists
That's what I'd have said too. Though only the tail end of it. I really can't hear WWE calling it the pg era, but if they did they did.
Including "PG Era", though? All the other ones are canon as fuck, is it?
&gt;street fighter is the fgc. This is true for the most part. It's not going to change over night, and it's not going to change with the release of two mediocre games in established series. Xrd and T7 don't have to dethrone Capcom, it just has to get more people looking at non-Capcom fighters so *next time* something else can.
&gt; do people actually want to use the little fucker Probably, he's a popular character and it's a good/lazy way to work two characters in. Starlord would've been an uninteresting as fuck choice, we already have multiple gunmans. At least Rocket has the potential to do something with it. Drax would've been fine but on the surface it's just a strong green guy that isn't the Hulk. Gamora at least opens up a nimble character, and works for adding another lady.
Just because you didn't watch it doesn't mean that he didn't do it. He spent time in Booker T's promotion, and in Inoki's. This sub is relatively blind to any smaller promotion that isn't ROH/PWG.
&gt;Ruth was one of the most unlikeable protags i've ever seen in a TV show GLOW is just like Orange is the New Black in that way
&gt; Her foreign heel character was very cringey Which kind of fit in with every other character and the general camp of wrestling gimmicks in that era.
"they're flawed and make mistakes, just like me!!"
*guiltily actually loved wacky game show NXT* Chicks... and America. Also, Fandango's best work.
Mahal needs to only have title defenses in the Prison
You should get a Color, just so you have more options for games. Honestly, an Advance would probably be the best for library, but if you just want something old, I can see why you'd avoid it.
