Dude, at least ten teams need to lose to get you guys in.
Somehow, I don't think life is the appropriate word here.
Based on what I know, Raiders and Chargers. Willingness of at least one of them to switch conferences, the league can force the Rams to switch too, and St. Louis has the only remotely logical stadium plan out of the three cities, which almost forces the owners' hand.
I dunno, I kinda thought it was a good idea. Can't put my finger on why, though...
You guys just had an aging quarterback who pushes his limits to dangerous extremes. The Colts' meltdown is plain dysfunction.
...Are those custom Cowboys jerseys?
...It was more because they botched it against the Patriots, really. I was just being an ass.
Well. We're fucked. Of course, that's assuming the Chiefs don't have their way with us first, 'cause God knows Houston can't stop 'em!
Realistically, I expect the Broncos to play the Steelers, and us to shit the bed against the Chiefs.
It literally depends on whether Dalton is healthy. Otherwise we're bound to a Chiefs loss.
Could you go into more detail about why Denver will beat Pittsburgh? I mean, besides Peyton, what's so different about the Broncos' offense between week 15 and the Divisional Round?
I dunno, I think we should be rooting for the Patriots to make it in. There would be the 31st and 32nd picks remaining for the draft, and we already lost our first-rounder, so the Patriots making it in would change nothing whether we win or lose. Which of course means Roger Goodell loses, plenty of reason to root for the Patriots.
Sound logic, except Jerry Jones has a history of glorifying problematic players.
I would also like to know what's so different about the Steelers' offense versus the Broncos' defense.
What do you mean by "another team?" Because the only thing I can think of is him building the stadium to sell the operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers with him owning the actual venue to use for concerts and whatnot, plus the shopping area around the stadium, but that's just crazy.
I'm just happy as long as the Patriots get there because it'll more or less negate our lost draft pick.
The difference is that Kraft actually *owns* the Patriots. I'm talking about Kroenke selling operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers.
This after the Wells Report determined the team itself had nothing to do with it! That's why I'll be pissed if we don't at least make it, because win or lose, it wouldn't change anything for the NFC team and would make Goodell look like an idiot.
Yes.
Ah, okay. The question though is if the league will let one owner own the stadium where two other teams play.
But there's a salary cap in the NFL, so assuming every team has the same money to spend, I don't see a problem talent-wise. Of course, it'd probably devalue the Raiders and Chargers by a fair bit, so...
I think Yoda mentioned it in Phantom Menace, though. "Only two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice." I may be paraphrasing, but the point is it's canon there's only two Sith.
Also, I believe most pre-Episode I EU material is still considered canon, if not all of it. It's just stuff past VI that's been phased out with The Force Awakens.
The way I understood it, most fans consider historical content still canon since it all comes before Phantom Menace. But I guess that's what I get for getting my info from TV Tropes.
Good. Maybe next year we'll get an OC with a less injury-prone scheme. Not that the defense has had better luck there...
At that point you might as well give Johnny Manziel the job.
What the hell are you guys referencing?
I mean, he got to the playoffs with Hoyer and had a winning record with Fitzpatrick.
Not necessarily. Look at all the important players that went down in a row. I simply refuse to believe our luck is that bad.
I don't want to take away the Denver defense's glory, but I just won't be able to accept Peyton getting a ring this year. Not after he led the league in interceptions between now and when he was benched against Kansas City. I'm probably gonna get downvoted a ton for saying that, but I don't care! He doesn't deserve it this year!
Who did The Hobbit, and who did The Lord of the Rings?
I'm flattered you think we can win in Denver.
Really? Wow. What was the difference maker between Hobbit and LOTR then?
Well, I know Hobbit was expanded into at least three movies (Unexpected Journey, Battle of the Five Armies, and I forget what the middle one was called). How much of that was from the books, and how much of that was studio padding?
Euugh. But assuming you boiled the whole trilogy down to strictly what was in the book, is it anywhere near as good as LOTR?
Desolation of Smaug! That's the second movie!
That defense deserves rings all around, but it just doesn't sit right with me to think of the interception leader winning a Super Bowl ring, at least not as a starter.
I mean, if anything the ring only enhanced his value. You win a Super Bowl in a contract year, someone's gonna pay you out the nose.
Apparently, HGH &lt; deflated footballs as long as it's Brady versus Manning. See, this is exactly why I hate Peyton Manning. Nice enough guy, great athlete in his prime, but the media as a whole is so willing to kiss his ass I can't help but hate his guts despite knowing he has no control over what reporters are saying about him. Meanwhile, Tom Brady plays the best football of his career, yet everyone stops giving a flying fuck as soon as injuries gut his offense! It's irrational, I know, but I don't much care. I like Peyton Manning the athlete, I like Peyton Manning the person, but fuck Peyton Manning the icon!
Yeah, I'm willing to believe Peyton did it for his long-term health, if he did it at all. I mean, shouldn't the league make an exception in his case? The man could very well have been paralyzed for the rest of his life, and if HGH can help him recover from that (enough to let him play again, I doubt it could ever be a nonissue), I'm all for it!
The Jets had the cap room. What more is there to say?
Can't even hear it, my Internet is that shitty.
The first part pissed me off, but when I finished reading, I had a good chuckle.
I would think the cheerleaders being team employees kinda went without saying...? Guess not.
Okay... but how would you make it easier on the team and/or fanbase?
I would think the cost to purchase and relocate an existing team is greater than the 500 million the league is looking for for one of two expansion teams.
That doesn't work for the six-team divisions, as a third game against the sixth team would bump the schedule to 83 games, hence the need to remove a game.
I'm just going off geography. I also don't expect Boston and Montreal to break up, nor do I expect Toronto to break up with Buffalo or Ottawa or Quebec to not be in Montreal's division. This makes the most sense as far as rivalries go.
I'm just trying to fit 32 teams into 82 games here.
This way the option is there for an Eastern team to move to Seattle if the arena issue there is resolved.
If this happens, I will refuse to believe the league isn't fixing the matchups.
I want at least two things: the Patriots to make it, thus negating the relevancy of the lost draft pick, and Denver to NOT make it and reward Manning for his crap year.
Did we still have Vinateri that year? Or had we already moved on to Gostowski?
I'm down with that. San Antonio would eat up more black and silver.
True. But in my defense, I am a petty bastard.
Wait, what happened to Chandler Jones?
I don't suppose Garoppolo's worth the 22nd pick to you guys? Not alone, of course. Partly serious, but mostly kidding. We gave you a raw deal on two QBs already, so I understand.
I'd go with a stud on either receiver or O-Line. Latter's probably more important.
Sounds like a bad reaction to some painkillers to me. If it was pot, I doubt he'd go to the police station. Then again, I have no way of knowing how lucid you are on pot, if at all, so...
I know we're not being serious here, but I'm pretty sure Anaheim and Los Angeles fall under the same market.
Dunno about Jerry Jones, but I thought I read somewhere Bob McNair was cool with a San Antonio team?
So explain to me how that 3rd and 10 incompletion wasn't ruled a fumble. The receiver had clear possession, and he even took a couple steps! I mean, it worked itself out a down later, but without that benefit, that was clearly a fumble.
As a football fan in general, you should be screaming at the television wondering why the fuck he's not calling timeouts.
I was gonna say Doomsday...
Whiny? If you're getting injured that much and not playing them like war wounds, you're doing something wrong.
Wait, he was in a Batman movie? Which one? Who was he playing?
...Just gonna throw this out there, but you guys are not the team to be talking about someone's stubborn old bastard quarterback hurting them more than helping them.
Oh, is that what happened? I was paying attention to his ball handling and I swear I saw his right foot move.
Well, like I said, it worked itself out in terms of field position. No idea why he caught that ball, though.
You're right, that O-Line has forced him to take way too much punishment.
About what I figured.
Oh God, there's a movie I haven't heard about in years.
I feel like the NFL should move away from the coin toss and just have the captains play odds and evens.
I considered that, but how would that work with three captains per side?
I know Cuba Gooding Jr.'s character botched a coin toss somehow, but I forget the story behind that.
Give the ref a smartphone with nothing but an RNG app, maybe a PDF of the rulebook, and that's all you need.
Look, I get Destination, Deliberation, and Determination, but as I understand it, the point of Apparation is to get there in a *hurry.*
Replacement center, replacement linemen, non-first string backs AND receivers? Either you guys ran through a lot of bodies in that Houston game, or the Texans just suck that hard! (read: Brian Hoyer)
Do they even have Red Lobster in Kansas City? Because I imagine it's hard to get seafood in the Midwest.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is how you do puns.
I wanna say McDaniels is his Count Dooku. Brady is either Maul or Grievous.
God no. After that blowout in Kansas City, my first instinct was to blame Belichick the GM. That Mankins trade really screwed us up the first month. I can only imagine the catharsis Brady felt against Cincinnati.
Of course not! We were playing to get healthy!
Except the Broncos' best weapon is their defense, and I don't think we have the line to beat it. Brady would have to get the ball out at godly speed if he wants to avoid the sack.
I assume they freeze it to keep it fresh? Does it cost any extra to order? I'm just asking because I live in New England, so when I think of seafood, I default to fishermen in Gloucester and Portsmouth. You know, by the water. Though thinking about it more, I suppose driving a truckload of lobster from Maine to Springfield is about the same timeframe as flying a plane to Missouri.
I understand that. Doesn't mean I won't be pissed about it if it happens.
Yeah, but if we had won that, Miami and the Jets become games where we can afford to be lazy.
You act like the Titans are suddenly gonna move on from Mariota. The Browns literally have their pick of quarterbacks for that reason alone. They'll find someone, be it draft or free agency.
Too much salt is bad for the blood pressure.
I don't even think Edelman is on Twitter. Epic fail much?
As a Slytherin myself, I say we're Ravenclaw so long as Belichick's coaching us. ...Even if it gives us something in common with the Ravens.
I think we toe the line between Slytherin and Ravenclaw, but Brady's a sixth-rounder, so his blood isn't pure enough.
You're in Gryffindor, what are you complaining about?
...How good is Jacksonville's kicker? I worry they might make a play for Gostowski.
I thought we franchised him last offseason. Did they get a deal done?
I'm just gonna say this now. I'll get downvoted as all get out, but this needs to be said: Starting Hoyer over Manziel for 2014 was logically sound. Manziel was never pro-ready coming out of the draft, Heisman or not. He needed at least a year to learn the offense. The problem was, the franchise was far too dysfunctional to embrace the concept of rebuilding, and the second Hoyer started to slip, they benched him. I don't care how much my starter sucks at any given point, if I didn't name my roomie quarterback the starter in training camp, I'm gonna stand by keeping him the backup unless the starter gets hurt! Hopefully, Hue won't have the kind of hair trigger with Goff Pettine had with Manziel. By the way, I'm not mentioning Manziel's off-field behavior because this is solely about his on-field development.
Then pray to God that if Hue doesn't name Goff the starter, he sticks to his guns about it barring injury.
Don't you both hate us, though?
Isn't it usually whoever's home that wins?
I've said it before: Peyton Manning does not deserve a Super Bowl ring this season. The defense deserves its due, of course, but if the Broncos win, they'll be overshadowed by the bullshit narrative of Peyton's big comeback and his last roundup, despite the godawful numbers he's put up this year. What message does that send to the rest of the league? That you can piggyback off your teammates to be Super Bowl MVP as long as you're a starting quarterback? That defensive players' efforts to keep a struggling offense afloat mean nothing once the Super Bowl is won? Can't accept it. I can't change it if it happens, but I can't accept it either way.
Plus, you take away that missed PAT, it all comes down to overtime. ...Which we were winless in all season, but never mind that!
No they're not. Why are we even pretending here?
Wait, he actually did that?
Weren't they gonna revisit the alignment after this season anyway?
I might become a Jags fan for the ownership alone! Though any team in a division with the Colts gets my approval either way. But Khan's probably the smartest businessman among the 31 owners, so he gets the nod.
I... think horses are easier to tame than jaguars, man.
You know what? Let's keep it simple and go with "Las Vegas Silvers."
I thought the Panthers represented Miami? Are they even in a position to cede territorial rights?
Wait, who did Philadelphia tie seven years ago?
I knew someone was gonna make that joke.
I know Houston and the Colts don't have much of a history, but that rivalry will blow up this season, mark my words. ...Or at least puff up...
Would the Seattle arena issue even be resolved in five years, though? I mean, if the league promised Seattle a team if the Hurricanes move to Quebec or something...
Would Paul Allen have any interest in purchasing the Canes and moving them to Portland? I mean, he's said if an NHL team takes entertainment dollars from the Trail Blazers he wouldn't want one in Portland. But if he was the owner of said team, wouldn't the money go to him anyway?
Only if his writers promise to retcon the current controversy surrounding him.
The Bruins one looks great. Take out the horizontal and vertical spokes, though, and it would look fantastic on a shield!
Enlighten me. What exactly IS the status of the Seattle arena thing?
As much as it would make sense just for evening out the conferences, I am enjoying the expansion hype. Then again, as much as I'm enjoying the expansion hype, it would make more sense to even out the conferences. What do?
It's too bad, though. The Thrashers was a badass name for a team.
But that still leaves 31 teams in the league. Why not just give Vegas AND Quebec teams, put the Nordiques in the Central until we know for sure the Hurricanes are relocating, then have them switch when we know where they're even going to play? I mean, I understand Quebec in the Central is less than ideal, but... I guess it depends on how big a priority balancing the schedule is. Either way it's a mess.
At 70 cents to the US dollar? EDIT: I may or may not understand the conversion rates. Does Canada pay more or less than us?
Unless Bill Foley is willing to negotiate buying the Hurricanes with Peter Karmanos (spelling?), expanding to Vegas seems like a done deal. But that ultimately means 31 teams, and the Central division is gonna have to have some finagling done with it to make 82 games work for everyone.
Oh! I thought it was multiplied, not divided! Why would that make any sense, though?
I know what "we" meant, don't worry.
Question: would Bartoszek be interested in in buying the Hurricanes and moving them to Seattle? If so, who does the league side with, Bartoszek or Karmanos?
It was more a question of whether a team relocating was good enough to fund the arena, but I suppose the Canes wouldn't want to play in Carolina when they know they're only there the two or three years it takes to build the Seattle arena. So is there anything else you can say about the Tukwila project? Or do we not know anything else yet?
Like I said. Apples to oranges.
Upvoted because you had 69 points.
Probably for the best.
I mean, I had travel in mind to a certain extent when making up these pairings, but sure. Who gets the most hate in Vancouver, then?
I knew Felger and Mazz said something to that extent.
Yeah, that'll be sweet. That said, this way all the teams' schedules mesh with each other with minimal conflict. I wanted to make things as neat as possible.
Oh my God, the dysfunction is real. At least you guys have the Warriors?
What actually is the ownership situation here? I mean, who actually owns the team?
I thought Jed York was the owner, but Wikipedia only has him as the CEO.
No, but if they hire a competent executive from an organization with a history of drafting well, they have a shot.
Even without them, it's still an achievement for the Browns, despite Pittsburgh having literally nothing to play for at this point.
THERE'S that no-effort-required defense we all know and loathe! I was wondering what happened to it in the last few games! First-round exit confirmed, guys! We're back to having no defense!
... Ah, shit.
Watch out, AFC. Our teeth and ambitions are bared.
With all the mileage he's gotten out of such stalwarts of the quarterback position as Brian Hoyer and Ryan Fitzpatrick, this can only end terribly for the Texans.
I dunno, I'd like to see Luck get a few extra million, cripple the defense a bit more.
Classy as fuck, Aqib. Glad we got rid of you.
Yeah, Miller's always been a class act from all I've ever seen of him.
...I was hoping someone would finish the line, but at least someone got the reference, and that's all I really wanted...
Why do I get the feeling "He grabbed mine!" is the next great Reddit meme?
I mean, I'd call winning the game vindication. Pyrrhic vindication, but vindication nonetheless.
Exactly. Or more to the point, the offensive line.
I know someone was carted off at the end of the third quarter. Anyone know where I can get more info on that?
This was not a sentiment I expected to have until Christmas.
You guys aren't happy with Caldwell at the moment?
I want Houston to win because at least they are what they are. Beating up on the Raiders without Derek Carr... just doesn't sound like fun.
I'd argue Garoppolo had even more emphasis placed on his development than any other backup Brady's had because Deflategate necessitated that development.
I didn't realize second-round picks counted as top ten.
I mean, if they think Brisset can be "The Guy," then by all means shop Garoppolo. In a perfect world, Brady'd win his fifth ring and ride off into the sunset, but we all know he's gonna leave this game kicking and screaming, so I'd keep Garoppolo next year so we're not in disaster mode should Brady break down, which, considering his impending 40th birthday, is very likely. If Brady balls out in 2017 and Garoppolo walks, then you can draft a quarterback to compete with Brisset. Belichick said it himself: "You don't need insurance until you need insurance." Jimmy G is the best insurance he's ever had, and I don't know if I'm comfortable with Brisset as Plan B to flip him.
Ehhhh... I'd prefer Pittsburgh and Kansas City on the grounds of them being legitimate wins. EDIT: Shit, we can't possibly play Pittsburgh unless they reach the Championship game. So we're going to have to embarrass either Oakland, Houston or Miami. Division games count as legitimate wins, right?
Wait, Sylvester Stallone did porn? Huh. Learn something new every day. I'm hoping this isn't a joke.
I always understood it like this: the coach is the football voice, the GM is the money voice, and each needs to get the other to say the same thing as him. Actually, now that I type this out, it makes too damn sense for the NFL.
Ha! Full circle!
I would, but I don't want "sylvester stallone porn" in my Google search history. EDIT: It's on Sylvester Stallone's Wikipedia page. Why did I not think it would be that simple? The Internet is really, really, great.
If the Washington Warriors rebrand ever does come to fruition, that should be their permanent color scheme.
What would you even call the team if they moved to LA? The only really organic name is already being used in baseball, and even their marquee team is just a holdover from their last city.
Yes, good.
I'd like to think that he was all too aware of the Fitzpatrick Curse, so he decided "fuck no, I'm saving my quarterback if it kills me."
I mean, he was a fourth-stringer going into the season. It's a miracle it didn't come down to him.
Wolves and Coyotes sound good because they're natural goat (Ram) predators.
Thank you for getting my reference.
Too bad any team not named the Cavaliers or Warriors is utterly irrelevant for the next ten years.
Don't forget his favorite excuse: Andrew Luck is too expensive to surround with talent.
I think Brady's said that he doesn't see coaching in his future. Something about not having the patience for it?
Honestly, I'd trust a Belichick taught by a Belichick over a Shanahan taught by a Shanahan. Or at least a Ryan taught by a Ryan.
I think the idea is that the byes give coaches a week to work on interviews, and the majority of gameplanning is done during the actual game week. And even if that's not the case, it's madness to spend two weeks preparing for three teams when you could just let the wildcard games play out and gameplan after Sunday like a regular season week when you know who you're facing.
http://imgur.com/gallery/LWXZ6
I just realized that the Raiders and Texans are polar opposites. Houston has shown that they can win despite not having a functioning quarterback, while Oakland has proven that they are dependent on their quarterback to win.
That's So Browns.
Jesus, how many names has the Dolphins' stadium had?!
Source?
Why would Harbaugh be leaving Michigan?
So this is what the Browns have come to. Hiring the coach that paid his players to deliberately injure other players. How do the other 30 owners not see by this point that Jimmy Haslam is a cancer on their bottom line, just like Donald Sterling became with his racist comments?!
He looks like a jackass now.
One is sheer idiocy, the other is malicious intent.
Only if that benching woke up Osweiler like he's gonna get fired if he's late for work again. And even then, the best I see is no turnovers. In all seriousness, the big key from what I can tell is taking away Clowney. If we can do that, we should be golden.
Um... are you even aware how injured we were that game? No Lewis, no Edelman, no Gronk... I think the O-Line was dealing with some stuff then, too.
I think what people are forgetting is, despite the supposed weakness of this year's QB class (which I'm in no position to comment on), he will be gone before the Browns' second pick purely because teams will value the fact that he won a national championship above most, if not all else.
Does one game even constitute a record by itself, though? By that logic, any backup quarterback who went in after injury and went undefeated as a starter until the regular guy came back is a Hall of Famer.
See, that's why I don't listen to the hype over the big name coordinators. They're usually unavailable to start their new jobs for two to three weeks, by which point the Championship games roll around, and hopefully the Super Bowl. Teams want to fill their coaching vacancies right away, and Denver wasn't going to wait on Shanahan when Vance Joseph helped get a team to the playoffs and he's available sooner.
Have you not been paying attention to the Jets and the Browns these last few years? Drafting quarterbacks every year until you hit is a proven recipienfor disaster and an open invitation to dysfunction! I truly believe Tyrod can get you a playoff berth if you surround him with talent. Can he get you further than the wildcard? Probably not, but Super Bowl teams never just happen, and especially not if all you care about is the quarterback!
Maybe I'm saying not to complain about QB is because I know we're never going to have another Brady for as long as I live. Maybe I'm bracing myself for becoming a shadow of what we once were.
Well there ya go. Circle of Life and all that.
White guy who doesn't know what t-boning means.
Well, enjoy your extra away game whenever you play the Raiders.
Well, as far as scheduling goes, the Sunday games would be on at 9-10 AM Eastern, though ideally, it would only affect the away team's market. Sunday and Thursday Night games would likely be on at 3 PM Eastern, since that's London's 8 PM. No way they could host Sunday Night Football without conflicting with the afternoon games, though. I feel like if London's gonna work, they'll have to eventually expand into two Europe-based divisions, though that won't happen since it would obviously dilute the talent pool way too much...
Damn shame. It looks spiffy.
We can give you a couple more years of fandom being worth it, but you may have to settle in for a long rebuild eventually.
Couldn't they just do what the Jaguars did with the Jaguar car brand and have LA Chargers be the official athletic gear of the LA Chargers?
Right. Forgot that sponsorship was leaguewide. Not like a car deal at all.
Huh. Well, that'd be nice.
It doesn't hurt that the Raiders' fanbase is basically as global as it gets.
Patricia's beard coaching Luck's? Fucking make it happen!
I mean, he had the Browns actually going somewhere until the Baltimore news killed any motivation to play.
Plus his work with the Colorado Crush helped him out a lot.
What WAS Kravitz's source for Deflategate? I don't want to come across as a salty Pats fan, but as someone with little access to Indiana sports media, I also don't want to give him the benefit of the doubt without putting a name to his info.
Fuck no, I'm not crazy enough to go on the homers' subreddit!
I feel like they should style the L like a lightning rod with A-shaped lightning striking it. That'd be pretty sweet.
Because they wanted to reestablish the brand for their new market?
Honestly, yeah. The breaching dolphin is a lot sleeker IMO.
And they might even have someone else's aging quarterback again next year. If that happens, I will no longer see any reason to take the Broncos seriously - they only became relevant again because of Peyton Manning, and the only way they'll stay relevant again is by trading for Romo. And even that will last all of ten drives before Romo gets hurt for the millionth time.
Dude, I got wiped trying to weaken one Xurkitree. TWICE! Trust me, Beast Balls are all but required.
Has it never occurred to you that the witnesses were sending Celesteela into a panic?
Doesn't Luke Cage have some form of immortality, though?
Good. You want people to take you seriously? Develop your own quarterbacks instead of poaching washed-up superstars.
Good. You want people to take you seriously? Develop your own quarterbacks instead of poaching washed-up superstars.
Fair enough.
I dunno, Garoppolo is really the first quarterback since Brady himself that we've actually put a focus on having him start (Cassel was a trial-by-fire situation, so I don't really count him). He should adapt to BoB's scheme with very little issue, and the team is pretty much already around him. I'd trade a second-round pick for him, but I'd also try to squeeze a comp pick out of the Patriots as insurance.
Ditto.
In the wake of this loss, the media is going to question whether it was a good idea to start Dak. To me, that's like asking if it was a good idea for Thomas Edison to invent the light bulb. Yes, Dak is a rookie (or after today, WAS a rookie) with no playoff experience, but if he's your franchise quarterback for 2017 and beyond, you need to get him acclimated to a playoff atmosphere at some point, especially if you're planning on a multi-year championship window. Otherwise, you're just shooting yourself in the foot for the next time you make the playoffs! I know there are no moral victories in football, but there is gain to be had beyond the 2016 season. Next time Dak leads the Cowboys to the playoffs, he'll be older, wiser, and more experienced. Call me crazy, but the second Romo went down, any thoughts of instant gratification became a fool's errand. The second Romo went down, I lost all faith that he could establish the Cowboys as a dominant force within the NFC. The second Romo went down, the plan was survival, and nothing else. But Dak saved the Cowboys from the zombie apocalypse that was the NFC, teeming with the likes of the Seahawks, the Packers, the Cardinals and the Panthers (well, those last two regressed horribly, but they were still credible threats when Romo went down). Dak didn't help you survive. He helped you thrive. He helped you conquer. He helped you reach the safe haven that we call the NFL Postseason. And though you ultimately didn't get to savor the fruits of victory, you became all the stronger for it, maybe strong enough to finally reach that promised land with the wisdom Dak has gained all throughout this season. And that is why I will never take seriously anyone who says Romo should have started over Dak.
There was never anything to be gained from playing Romo. The Cowboys did the right thing riding with Dak.
At least we developed our all-time great.
I mean, the Chiefs at least gave us a blueprint to work with. I'm still not sure we can pull this one out with Big Ben behind center, but if we can stifle that offense like that, we should be in good shape.
I don't doubt that. Houston is the definition of a quarterback away.
Well, it does play like anus...
Yeah, Tomlin's pretty salty when it comes to us. That said, they can whoop us pretty easily now that taking away Bell leaves the Big Ben-Brown connection open.
Are we talking about that one movie with the garbage man who played kicker for the Eagles?
It's simple. Alex Smith will never be a Hall of Famer, but neither will he screw you over.
The sad thing is, we were mounting a comeback that game. Brady more or less exploded in the fourth quarter, but special teams incompetence was just too much for even him!
I'm pretty sure Pittsburgh won all their appearances.
Come to think of it, is there such a thing as Twitch Plays Madden? That'd be a trainwreck of epic proportions.
Too bad there's no way to implement a rule that a coach has to stay as long as a first-round draft pick. It'd really encourage continuity, and more importantly prevent teams from becoming toxic.
I used to think that. Until I realized what an absolute dumpster fire that organization is. I wouldn't wish that on Ryan Fucking Fitzpatrick.
Part of it is that the Chiefs have always put a team around him that complements his strengths but doesn't really mask his weaknesses.
So what you're saying is, we're fucked. Eh. About what I figured.
I'd rather we take our shredding like men, thanks.
A Browns-like situation probably won't happen. A: San Diego was never willing to finance a new stadium, and unless Steve Ballmer owns the new team, there'll probably never be one again, and B: The old Browns basically split into two expansion teams, and if the Chargers do that, that would create a 33rd team, which would fuck up the symmetry of the current alignment, not to mention require a 34th team in the future. I think it'll be more like the Oilers/Titans, except the Chargers will be treated as a suspended franchise and LA will be considered an expansion team.
Considering we have a perfect road record and both our losses came at home... Yeah, I'm not so sure we got this.
Good. They can't afford to waste a draft pick on a quarterback, at least not the 1st overall or 12th overall. It's usually the 2nd to 4th round quarterbacks that shine (or if you're lucky, a 6th rounder) because they generally have more time to learn the offense since no one expects them to play right away, so if they get someone then, he can sit behind Taylor and play out the latter's likely limited contract until the Browns get smart, talented players on all sides of the ball. I didn't use the word "compete" because Hue would be a fool to instigate a quarterback competition with no means of protecting the winner.
I've noticed it's usually mid-rounders (2nd to 4th) that are more reliable when they actually get to play.
In general, duh. Of course, I don't know the statistics on that, this is just what I've gleaned over the last few years (granted, I'm going off of Jimmy Garoppolo and Dak Prescott, so there may be some recency bias there).
It's the ball security that could damn him.
Huh. I guess it all depends on what type of organization you get drafted into, and how much faith the powers that be have in you.
I think it should go to Gase. Belichick didn't do anything we wouldn't otherwise expect of him, while Gase took the Dolphins from a dumpster fire to a playoff team in nothing flat. He earned that award, hands down.
Fuck off, he earned that award! Meanwhile, Belichick did what most people expected of him anyway!
Holy crap, how did the Chargers spend all that salary?!
I don't see why we're comparing MLB and the NBA. By the time one starts, the other is in its postseason, during which the best teams will draw higher ratings for the networks that broadcast them.
Okay, I'm legitmately curious now. Is there a list of American sports owners who own a Premier League team?
See, at least Davis is somewhat committed to the Oakland fanbase and the product on the field as opposed to Kroenke and Spanos, who are only interested in the cash grab. Granted, he has to know staying put while the Vegas stadium is under construction won't make it right, but at least there's still an element of closure there. I've also seen that Davis isn't nearly liquid enough to finance a stadium, even with public money, which the City of Oakland can't even come close to putting up even if they wanted to. It's the difference between ditching your significant other for someone younger and hotter and breaking up with them because the relationship has run its course.
You guys still have Paxton Lynch to worry about too, don't you? What's the situation there?
Wait, since when did you guys have Nick Foles? Or is this a different Foles?
Why are the Dolphins on that list? I thought Adam Gase had gotten through to Tannehill?
I think I saw that Mashima was some element of Christian?
Huh. Well, hopefully it's not that serious.
I'm only interested in the Japanese *Fairy Tail* fandom, though.
I feel like there is a lot to criticize, but also that it's nowhere near as bad as people make it out to be.
Actually, the name "Wendy" is a holdover from when she was going to be the Water Dragon Slayer, stemming from the Japanese word for "Wednesday."
That's the thing, though, we can only take away one of them, and Ben can still connect to Brown to punish us if we lock down Bell.
Sometimes the simple solution is as complicated as the problem.
40 minutes?! Jesus!
Does anyone really believe the Redskins would be stupid enough to trade for another #2 overall quarterback? Just saying.
Semi-related: Is Bell the big go-to RB on the Steelers? Or do they have a power-back to fall on? Or rather, we have Lewis, Blount, and either White or Develin (I get them confused because of the name James). Does Pittsburgh have a trio like that?
I mean, if they trade Cousins, then isn't Colt McCoy the only other QB on the roster?
#ThanksRoger
I don't think it's fair to compare an exhibition game for college players to a regular season game with something on the line. That said, if attendance is really that sucky for the Chargers next year, it's seriously in their best interests to rebrand. I mean, hell, it worked for the Titans.
Keeping that proud Boston tradition of MEDIOCRITY! alive, are we?
Why? He's long since been the problem.
I agree. Though I doubt the Ultra Beasts have the ability to open Ultra Wormholes themselves - after all, the various Pokemon dimensions are so alien to them, so why would they evolve the ability to travel between them? I think they mostly get to other universes whenever a Solgaleo or Lunala decides to make an appearance in one of them. The question then becomes, why was the Ultra Wormhole opened in the Emerald universe?
Except postgame, you can travel between Sun's universe and Moon's.
The Sinnoh games are still playable on the 3DS, and literally every available Pokemon as of XY is just a Bank trip away from Sun/Moon. That said, we at least know the Mega Stones not in the Alola Dex are programmed into the game because of the Battle Tree (I believe Mallow can use a Mega Sceptile?), and GameFreak is probably gonna want those to be available at some point. Plus, it just feels like, with all the emphasis on parallel dimensions in Sun/Moon, they're trying to build up to some connection between Sinnoh and Alola. Could go either way, but if GameFreak does bring Gen VIII to the Switch, Sinnoh would probably be better served on that.
Wait, Malcom Mitchell wrote a book?
I'm sorry, this is just too funny to be real!
Here's the thing, though: The Texans' first-rounder is in the mid-20s (I think? Don't know the actual number off the top of my head), and QB is almost certainly THE most pressing need they have. I'd do it on the condition that the Patriots give up a 3rd, just to protect themselves in case Jimmy walks in free agency.
That's why the deal doesn't get done without an insurance pick from New England. If Garoppolo is bad enough to keep you out of the playoffs, you draft a QB first round and use the insurance pick to support him.
You almost got back into that. Fucking Kiko Alonso...
But the question isn't Garoppolo being great, it's how big a window he thinks Brady has, and Garoppolo only has a year left under Patriots control.
Here's the problem: when Garoppolo hits free agency, Brady will be 41. I don't care if you're Joe Montana, at age 41 you're a ticking time bomb, and I can't see any team worth their salt taking a chance on that.
True, but quarterback is literally their biggest need. Sure, you could draft a mid-round guy to compete in camp, but if he can't outplay Osweiler, you're in deep doo-doo.
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
It's either that or the holding a gun to God's head metaphor.
I knew the magic was on Atlanta's side today. Come to think of it, wasn't Foxboro Stadium's final game during ur 2001 run? ... Shit, I don't like that omen.
I had a feeling! One should never underestimate the final game in the stadium!
And the Championship Game was in Pittsburgh, if I'm remembering this right.
Oh my God, that goal line stand... I know it benefits us in the long run, but part of me wanted to just give them the touchdown!
Judging by your flair and username... ex-Chargers fan?
Ah.
CAMOMILLE! CAMOMILLE! CAMOMILLE!
If you didn't know any better, you'd think he planned it that way. That said, I would expect my owner to not drink (at least not to the point of drunkenness) when he would be expected to speak to the media if his team wins the game.
Holy fuck that's cheap!
Brady's not filling that other hand before he retires. Slow your rolls.
Okay, for real, though: What is it about Rutgers that attracts NFL teams? Or is it just the Patriots that gets Rutgers-happy? Either way, why are they a strong draw?
Apparently, something major happened with Rutgers. As someone who doesn't follow college football, what's the story?
It's just a bad look. I mean, I understand he has little to nothing to do that requires sobriety during a game, but he's one of THE major representatives of the team because of his position, and getting drunk before being handed a conference championship trophy just doesn't convey that.
I dunno, considering how much time they've spent in Kennebunkport over the years, they've probably picked up at least some Patriots fandom. EDIT: Well, if they're FROM Houston, that makes a hell of a lot more sense.
If I'm gonna spend a fortune on football, I at most want to spend it on admission and MAYBE the Pro Shop. MAYBE. No sense blowing big money to feed myself.
Here's the thing, though: if the NFL wants to promote player safety (or at least pretend to), teams need to be forthcoming about injuries. And anyway, what did the Seahawks have to lose by just listing Sherman as "questionable" on the injury report? Was it just an image thing?
I am astonished the nickname "Konami Code" hasn't taken off for Brady.
It's Jason Beasley that plays for the Cowboys, right? Just so I'm not confused.
Do teams even RUN the flea flicker anymore?! If not, then that's some serious fucking fundamentals right there!
The Patriots adapt for you! If you want to beat them, you need to adapt for them!
Don't ask me. I'm still trying in vain to rationalize Deflategate.
Unless it's building off of the OTAs stuff?
Isn't the postgame wormhole the same as the wormhole that led to Ultra Space, though? Doesn't Ultra Space connect all the game universes together?
And ESPN even proposed a hypothetical trade scenario involving Brady going to the Texans. Fuck that shit.
I think part of it was that the Wildcat was so new on the NFL scene (or at least so obscure... one of the two) that we had absolutely no answer for it. And then the Jets made that their hat for a year and delegitimatized it for good.
Sweet Jesus, is their defense really that bad?
So where do the Texans go from here? Do they draft a quarterback to compete with Osweiler in training camp? Or is there any chance they could go after Garoppolo or McCannon (McCarron? Yeah, McCarron looks right)? Because as much as I'd like to see Jimmy G with the Texans, I'd rather they draft a quarterback smart enough to work in Bill O'Brien's system, as opposed to forcing random free agents to fit into it.
Here's the thing, though: It was an obvious running play from the start, and Pete Carrol knew the Patriots were ready for it. The real problem was that the Patriots were able to adjust for that as well.
Can we stop the circlejerk about Gisele being the the reason Brady is underpaid? He doesn't take as much as he should because *he needs the money invested elsewhere on the team to give him the best chance to win!*
I wonder if it's because he's more prepared for life after football than most players? Besides money, Giselle is very successful in her own right, and Brady likely has a few connections through her.
Yeah, when he couldn't punch it in against the Rams eight months later (I remember that game being on the Sunday of my birthday dinner that year, but I could be thinking of another one), it kinda vindicated letting Wilson attempt a pass, which at least would've stopped the clock barring an interception. Really, they were caught between not wanting to risk Brady having any time to work with and not wanting to run the clock out on themselves (though I don't know how many timeouts they had at that point).
Still stops the clock, for what it's worth.
If they're not contenders, what's the goddamn point?
Holy shit. What even was his injury? The way I understood it, it was a torn ACL?
In related news, the Broncos remain incapable of relevancy in the post-Elway era without another team's Hall of Fame quarterback.
No, but only one team in each conference has a realistic chance at a championship, so that kind of ruins the whole season if all their hard work is for crap in the end.
Oooh, can I see a pic?
Too bad the silver-and-black is so iconic, otherwise you could swap the silver out for gold and call them the Golden State Raiders.
Question: Is San Antonio still an option (or was it ever?)? I know Mark Davis expressed interest in going there, but was it ever anything more than a smokescreen?
Depends on how the Chiefs feel about a division rival in their state.
Doesn't stop the Lakers/Clippers/Kings from rooting against the Warriors.
I don't care what anyone says, Brady's age fucking scares me. I'm all for keeping Garoppolo around in case Brady gets hurt or otherwise falls off the cliff, and even potentially trading Brady in 2018 if someone's willing to take a chance on a 41-year-old quarterback. In fact, outright cut Brady in 2018 if you have to! I don't doubt Belichick would do it for the long-term health of the franchise, and I know Brady's seen enough of Bill's ruthlessness to know he's gotta be on the chopping block at some point. Of course, then you open yourself up to him potentially signing with the Bills or Jets and playing us twice a year for however long he keeps playing (hell, I would root for him the other fourteen times), but if Garoppolo's our future, then Bill can't afford to stray from that path, even if it means Brady wins a Super Bowl with his new team.
If Big Ben does retire, I'd be totally on board with that.
Well if you're gonna kick it a 50-yarder anyway, just give it the value of a normal field goal and cut out the 2-point conversion altogether from the play? Of course, this rule could be seriously abused by elite kickers, so there'd have to be some restriction. Maybe once per game, or if it fails you lose 3 points from the touchdown.
I'm no Osweiler guy, but there is something to be said for the different expectations for this year and last, and also for whether the coaches actually want him in Cleveland.
Bears, Jets, Chargers, Jaguars, Ravens and Bengals once each, maybe one Steelers game depending on whether Big Ben plays? Potentially the Vikings assuming Bridgewater's too damaged to be any good anymore/Bradford being Bradford? Texans are too good defensively for your current QBs to crack.
He said semi-decent. I'd count 6-10 as semi-decent, and they may have shots at 7-9 or even .500, depending on how certain QB situations play out.
So what would you say is "semi-decent?"
Wait a minute. How many games did Tom Brady start post-34?
Ah. I may have misinterpreted the title.
Well, they have about 6 to 9 winnable games, so we'll see.
Then hopefully that kind of scum doesn't even bother following him into his next series.
How have I not realized the unfortunate implications of this matchup being in Mexico before?!
Bruh, ever since I joined the fandom mid-Tenrou Island, there's been no shortage of NaLu shippers acting like arrogant, self entitled brats and an absolute dearth of ones that act like reasonable, rationally thinking human beings. And every time I somehow convinced myself that they were the exception, I would get brutally reminded that they were indeed the rule. Don't get me wrong, NaLu is a fine ship that I wish I could enjoy, but when you have 99.999% of Twitter NaLus harassing Mashima over Lisanna being in the same panel as Natsu, even sending him DEATH THREATS, yet not one prominent NaLu shipper does a damn thing to condemn this atrocious behavior, I would tend to think my hatred for this cancer of a shipping fandom is highly justified.
So wait... it sounds like you're saying the Timelapse/Ravines of Time is Edolas, and if that's the case, then Acnologia's been trapped in a world where he can neither eat nor use magic. Honestly, I'd be fully on board with that.
You all laugh, but up to this point, Mashima hasn't canonized a ship that hasn't been essential to the plot in some fashion. BiscaxAlzack was important because their daughter was an easy out to build tension for Lucy x Flare, because without the threat to Asuka, Lucy would've curbstomped Flare, and it was too early in the arc to hype up Fairy Tail in any meaningful way. RenxSherry ended up being crucial to Wendy's development in a roundabout way. She refused to leave Lamia Scale for fear Chelia would be lonely now that Sherry and Ren were officially married. And Zervis was the entire driving force behind the conflict of the Alvarez arc. At this point, it's far too late to canonize most ships (except Gruvia, Gajevy, and Jerza due to the character arcs semi-revolving around them) and have them be even remotely meaningful outside of placating the lowest common denominator, not to mention that it would contradict the whole message of Fairy Tail if the two main leads were somehow pushed together romantically.
And this is why we're so good. Because we have a coach that cares to hear it from his quarterback's point of view. Granted, he might not listen to it coming from Jimmy Garoppolo's perspective, but it's nice to see him care about what his Hall of Fame quarterback sees on the actual field.
Generally I do that when I'm a guest. My streams tend to go a bit wild.
If that's the case, then I don't see why you wouldn't want him as the starter over Osweiler, at least for as long as it takes you to get THE guy. Smart guy who doesn't turn it over a lot, that's all you really want in a rebuild, right?
What I like about Alex Smith is, he's not going to win KC a ring, but I honestly can't remember a Chiefs loss that could solely be blamed on him. Probably due to recency bias, but still!
I mean hell, add the Edelman jersey to the cart too. Double up on double 1s, ya dig?
Who was that #1 pick overall, by the by?
...So I see we're grafting Juvia's personality onto Lucy today. Ah well, anything for The OTP, right, scum?
I honestly didn't think that many coaches took player input. I'm deeply sorry for my gross arrogance.
The Flint Water Cleaners. And yes, I'm aware I'm going to hell.
That's a little surprising. I assume he's a cap casualty?
Oh, God, no.
Jesus Christ, I had no idea we had such a history with this asshole!
Even if he is the second coming of Favre, I can't help but wonder if that kind of gunslinger is a dying breed in the NFL.
I know he's not technically retired, but Johnny Football to the Jets would be a shitshow of epic proportions.
I mean, once every four years, which is as close to never as it gets.
Yeah... we're never gonna see another Favre again, and we're never gonna see another Brady again. I'm not sure I'm ready for this impending new era.
This isn't gonna be the night they retire Peyton's number, is it?
So basically, this post is a Genwunner's fantasies of days gone by. Good to know!
I feel like trials should still exist as a means for Trainers to prove themselves worthy of challenging Gyms. Like, two Gyms per island, but you have to have certain Z-Crystals to be allowed to challenge them.
Ehhh... I'm fine with this being on the Switch AND having a 3DS version, but as far as I know, the two systems have completely different online, so you couldn't do any online battles between Sun/Moon/Stars 3DS and Stars Switch. Unless the Switch has the basic Nintendo Network for free and enhanced paid servers?
I mean, they could very well expand the Alola Dex.
I think, from Tapu Koko's viewpoint, it made more sense to give a Sparkling Stone to someone who had courage to begin with than someone who had to learn it from the ground up. Granted, the whole point of giving Lillie the stone was to encourage her to grow strong enough to protect Cosmog, but as soon as the player protected Nebby from the Spearow, it figured Lillie would be better served learning from their example.
Yeah, but white always struck me as the color that's reserved for away jerseys, not something to be relied on as the second color in the scheme.
Oh my God, I would love some silver on you guys. Or more of an iron gray? I dunno, SOMETHING to fill in the studs on the horseshoe!
Yeah, Seaking gets points with me just for the Electric immunity.
No way! I doubt you got a pic, but what was it like? Was it an outline or something? Because even an outline would do so much for the horseshoe!
Can you tell me anything about the online play for the new Monster Hunter games? Because my best guess is that the Nintendo Network and Nintendo Switch Online aren't compatible with one another.
Calm down! All it means is there's a story running concurrently with the Sun/Moon story!
But can a 3DS in New York play with a Switch in Los Angeles? That's the question I think you Stars fanboys are avoiding.
Eh. The negativity is generally from butthurt little Stars fanboys who can't seem to grasp the simple concept that Nintendo Network and Nintendo Switch Online are NOT COMPATIBLE. As in they CANNOT CONNECT. Which becomes a problem when you're battling online.
It makes absolutely perfect sense.
But if we take the phrase "alternate story" to mean a story following a completely different protagonist that just happens to take place at the same time as Sun/Moon, then that works out just fine.
...Ah. Well, that's all I wanted to know.
I wondered whether NN servers could handle the same workload as NSO.
It's more like they're just reversing it. Necrozma is clearly acting as armor to power up Solgaleo/Lunala.
Technically, Pichu is Gen II's 'Chu. Because of the BREEDING MECHANIC?
I don't think it's a B2W2-style sequel, but I don't think it's a cookie-cutter deluxe version either. I think it's more like a separate story running parallel to Sun/Moon. Like, we know that a Solgaleo and a Lunala can create a Cosmog together, so it's very likely that the ones wearing the Necrozma armor are Nebby's "parents."
Masuda himself used the words (or at least his translator did) "an alternate story taking place in the world of Pokemon Sun and Moon." It doesn't strike me as a retelling, since I'm pretty sure the Lycanroc and Togedemaru we saw were Totem Pokemon, so I'm guessing this is either a story that runs parallel to Sun/Moon or a story where For Want Of A Nail is in effect. I'm more inclined to the former because, given the way you get your own Cosmog in the postgame, I'm guessing the Solgaleo/Lunala Necrozma fused with are Nebby's parents, in a sense. Plus I can't really think of any drastic nail that would stop Sun/Moon from turning out the way it did. Unless it's a downfall timeline in which Lusamine won and the Aether Foundation is creating Totem Pokemon/releasing Ultra Beasts at will in a bid for world domination. Either way, it's got potential.
...Where does the official site imply that?
So basically, it's a replacement for Sun/Moon. Then what were the first games even FOR if they're not gonna be canon after this?!
Except those games established a UNIFYING canon. How is two versions a UNIFYING canon in any sense of the word?!
0-16 confirmed, fam.
The Browns just kept getting injuries at QB. Granted, it was the Browns in Year One of Sushi, but no consistent starting QB, no wonder they went 1-15.
I think the point is that while the Celtics never tanked and have remained competitive in the Eastern Conference (sans Cleveland), the Sixers did nothing BUT tank and they're still as far away from the promised land as you can get.
Here's how I understood it: Igneel's antibodies stopped the Dragon Seed from growing, at least until Natsu learned he was END. From there, his negative emotions fed the Demon Seed, which caused the Dragon Seed to grow with it. It wasn't just that he told Igneel he was human, but the positive emotions that came with it destroyed the two seeds (or at least arrested their growth). Basically, as long as Natsu is assured of his own humanity, the Demon Seed has no power over him, nor can the Dragon Seed Dragonify him, if that makes any sense.
I dunno, it just seemed more symbolic than anything, to me at least.
Well, it all happened in a vision Zeref implanted into Nastu's mind, so...
That's like saying the Great Demon Lord Dragneel was foreshadowing END.
But what purpose would that serve besides money? The whole purpose of a third version is to unify two sets of games into a single canon, which Crystal, Emerald, (arguably Yellow) and Platinum did. The paired games establish the concept, and the third version unifies it. Conversely, BW2 established the Pokemon canon as a multiverse, which the Delta Episode only solidified. Really, if USUM is a third version split into two games, then there was never any reason to tell the story of Sun/Moon in the first place.
Hell, it could just be something as simple as starting from Akala or Ula'ula and going in a different order as the Sun/Moon protag. You just gotta arrange it so the two never meet until either Poni Island or the Pokemon League.
Here's a theory for you: What if the setting for USUM is an alternate history in which the group that was mentioned in Tapu Village was never defeated? Because assuming that Guzma took command of its members when the old Kahuna was defeated, then Team Skull wouldn't have risen from their ashes, and the group would be much more dangerous than they were in Sun/Moon, even incorporating Necrozma into their plans. I dunno, I'm just trying to identify the nail that would be significant enough to change SM into USUM.
Yeah! You're just starting your journey on Melemele Island when the events at Aether Paradise are going down. You're looking for Hala so you can receive your first Pokemon, and you find him and Tapu Koko facing a losing battle with an Ultra Beast. You recklessly protect Hala when he gets hurt in the fight, which in turn forces Tapu Koko to save you. Nonetheless, it's impressed by your courage and deigns to give you a Sparkling Stone. From there, you get your starter, learn that the Ultra Wormhole energy is creating new Totem Pokemon, and you set off to deal with them while still doing your island challenge. That sounds like a pretty good alternate story to me!
Eh. Just a thought. I know it was mostly for background on Team Skull, but I feel like they wouldn't just mention a former Kahuna and not bring him up in another game somehow, even if it's just him coming back for revenge.
Why? The one they have now is pretty sleek.
If it didn't, then BW2 was the first step, simply by not giving us what we considered a "canon" version of BW1. XY was considered the region where Mega Evolution was discovered at first, only for ORAS to retcon it and XY into a universe separate from the one RS through BW2 took place in by establishing the Ultimate Weapon's firing as the break in the two timelines.
Wasn't that all on inadequate ownership, though?
The third version that each generation usually got up to that point.
Well, come to think of it, Unova as a whole laid the groundwork for there being a definite multiverse. I mean, when you look at Opelucid City, one game depicts it as futuristic, while the other makes it an old-style town. I mean, they could've combined them in a hypothetical Gray version as separate districts of the same city (Black/New Opelucid and White/Opelucid Village), but BW2 kinda torpedoed that idea.
I think it's just the same basic model, but the game will probably treat them like a separate set of characters, which they can get away with because of the Trainer customization feature. Also, "alternate story" could mean a story that starts at some point during Sun/Moon's. For instance, you could be starting out on Melemele Island around the time Sun/Moon and Lillie are on Poni Island to help Nebby, and then go from there. I dunno, the possibility of new Totems (mainly Lycanroc and Togedemaru) makes me think it's not just a retelling of Sun/Moon's story. But even so, there's still too little information and the wording is way too vague. Let's wait until at least E3 to dismiss them as a third version.
I don't understand the sudden boner this fandom has for Gyms. What, do you infants feel threatened by the fact that Pokemon actually did something different? Which, by the way, is something people have been absolutely BEGGING for since before Sun and Moon were even announced.
If I could change one thing, it would be that the fans have ZERO INPUT WHATSOEVER. Mashima's spent about 550 chapters catering to the lowest common denominator, and look what kind of trainwreck that led to.
Ehhhh... something tells me we won't be coming back from 25 points on this one.
Oh God, that Cleveland game.
How would you go about passing down Ditto's ball, though, as opposed to the other parent's ball?
This is amazing! Who drew this?
Get the man a ring!
I mean, as an individual player, how can you not get psyched about ending up in Aaron Rodger's arsenal?
Brah. We're already winless in the Super Bowl against Manning. Don't you even go there.
I'll even bring my red wig in anticipation.
Have vacationed in the Jersey shore. Can confirm.
Brah, Brady will literally ascend to godhood if he comes back from 25 points against Aaron Rodgers. Actually, shit. Didn't the Falcons come back from more than that against the Packers?
And that's how you know your owner has money to burn.
Because Purple Rain? Or was he actually from Minnesota?
Ah. I was never a Prince fan (was never really exposed to his music outside of Little Red Corvette), so I didn't know off the top of my head.
Huh. In Wildwood Crest, the stations seemed to cover the Phillies, and a local restaurant seemed to be an Eagles sports bar.
I just never heard that many of his songs. Little Red Corvette, and that's it. Oh, and Party Like It's 1999, though I used to think that was someone else entirely.
Definitely the Ravens. I dread facing them.
Any Pats fan that says they don't fear the Steelers is a dirty dirty liar.
I know the rivalry isn't that current, but assuming Garoppolo ends up being the guy and Watson pans out, I have high hopes for Pats-Texans to be our new classic.
We caught them both times last year with Landry Jones and no Le'Veon Bell. That team comes at us full strength, Brady doesn't get Ring Number Five.
Sure. Miami deserves a couple to make up for Dan Marino never winning any.
Can we divide them up between two rivals? Because I want Miami to get one because Dan Marino never did, and Tyrod getting a ring would be the slap in the face the Bills need.
No, I want Miami as a whole to win one to make up for the fact Dan Marino never did.
Yes, but losing Bell freed the Patriots up to neutralize Brown. Otherwise it's pick-your-poison.
More like the Bills front office that isn't exactly high on him.
Better to light a single candle than curse the darkness, I suppose.
Jets? Yes. Dolphins? There might be potential for a rivalry. Bills? Absolutely fucking irrelevant to me otherwise.
Fantasy value on the Browns? There's an oxymoron for ya. In all seriousness, what attracts Decker to Tennessee anyway?
I mean, I'd watch it just because it's Gronk, but I don't expect him to be much good. Maybe one or two funny bits, but that's about it.
Who's his wife?
Ah.
False. During the Chariot event, Mira asked Laxus if he suffered from motion sickness, and Laxus told her not to mention it to anyone else. Also, Erik suffered from it when the former Oracion Seis joined the war against Alvarez in the Olympia.
Eff yeah. Looking forward to seeing how Winston fares against us.
I like the taking division games away idea. Would you replace them with two games against the other three 4th place teams?
Couldn't they just invert the rookie pay grades for picks 1 through 18? Make #18 cheaper and more controllable than #1? I doubt the NFLPA would be on board with it, but if we're just talking about a consequence for tanking...
Honestly, this is one of those games I fear because, if our new high(er?)-powered offense hasn't gelled by that point, it's gonna be a long afternoon.
Damn... Guess it's not called Lambeau Field for nothing.
Dammit, now I'm imagining Falcons players playing Halo on that thing.
I mean... this is the closest thing to the actual ending. Minus one team becoming another. Actually... were the Rams still in LA at the time Tom Hanks ended up on the island?
The Seahawks threw a goal-line interception to lose the Super Bowl?! WILSONNNNNN!!! WILSONNNNNN!!!
Honestly, not even as a Patriots fan, but as a consumer of the NFL product, the Colts and Ravens got the sweet karmic backlash they deserved for instigating that whole damn Deflategate spiel.
Ah.
For context, what were the sudden death rules?
Unless the Fitzpatrick Curse rears its ugly head.
Shit. Thanks for reminding me of my glass house.
I got news for ya, his legacy's already shit because of his undying boner for assets he never had. The Boston Celtics are a fucking LEPER COLONY because of him - no free agent worth shit wants to come here! Even Isaiah Thomas was forced here via trade! So yeah, the Celtics will only make that leap forward when Ainge leaves Boston for good.
Does anyone seriously think LeBron is leaving for LA? This is just him throwing a temper tantrum like the petulant child he is so his sackless GM will get him the players he wants. In other words, LeBron being LeBron.
Then why haven't top-tier free agents actually COME here? Lemme teach you some words you apparently don't know: Cavaliers. Warriors. LeBron. Durant. Titles. Championships. Rings. Finals. Need I say more?
I think that falls under the same category as the N-word. And if you don't know why, I'm not going to elaborate.
Is there a particular name you'd want to see the team adopt? I'm guessing at this point "Warriors" is out because of Golden State's rise to prominence.
I mean, I would never use the term "redskin" in reference to or directly addressing Native Americans, but in the context of the NFL franchise, I have no qualms referring to them as the Redskins.
Surskit.
So '55 isn't necessarily from '55?
Even if Gronk spent that much on champagne, so what? He's the type to buy the whole room a round, there's nothing illegal about it (that I know of), and he's nothing but professional where it counts - on the field, in the locker room, and in the community.
I thought her name was Myra?
I think Pokebank only keeps track of it being from "Kanto from the good old days." It should still be fine.
One theory I like is that Necrozma is absorbing Solgaleo/Lunala's light, causing it to transform and mimic its powers. Like, there may be some residual energy from Nebby's Ultra Wormhole (assuming "alternate story" means a separate yet connected narrative from Sun/Moon), and it uses that power (and some sort of Key Item) to change its form.
Keep in mind I'm not stupid enough to try this myself (not that you're stupid of course), so I have no way of knowing.
Part of me wants to say Pikachu will get back Volt Tackle at some point so the anime can show off Catastropika, but 10,000,000 Volt Thunderbolt is more likely.
I would've liked to see Alolan Arbok and Weezing as a sort of reference to Jessie and James's Arbok and Weezing. The former would be a Poison/Water sea serpent with Intimidate or Swift Swim and Hydration for its HA. The latter would be Poison/Flying, keeping itself afloat by mixing helium, and its only ability, hidden or otherwise, would be Aftermath.
I'd rather see the Johto starters get exclusive Z-Moves, though none of them have anything close to a signature move.
Heavy Slam?
More of a lore/backstory question, but did the Hoenn games ever specify whether Norman had already moved to Hoenn and become the Petalburg Gym Leader by the time Brendan/May moves there? Or did he gain the position just recently and move ahead of his family to set things up?
Or you could SR for a female, breed it as soon as you unlock the Day-Care, and offer the offspring on the GTS for the other two. Keep in mind, though, that all four games are required in some capacity due to version exclusives being a thing, plus trade evolutions to boot.
My bad. I missed that part.
And I'm pretty sure you never saw their gender icons until after they evolved.
Did he grow up a Panthers fan? That may explain it.
Yes, because he wants to piss the team off more after the Instagram locker room video.
So are they voting yes or no? Or are they voting on KeyArena or SoDo?
And what happens then? Do the Golden Knights gain full access to the Wolves?
Wait, so the Golden Knights could call up Blues prospects if they wanted to?
Eeeyikes. Not an ideal position to be in for your first roster. Source: Bruins fan.
So if I'm understanding this properly, then the Blues and the Golden Knights basically run the Wolves together, but you each have authority over only your own prospects? Also, if the Kansas City team happens and they become your affiliate, do your guys on the Wolves transfer over to Kansas City?
Ah, I see. I enjoyed learning about the politics of the AHL.
Horford is a big name? No one's heard of him before Atlanta went on that run. And now they're in rebuild mode, so what does that tell you?
Brah. Free agents would sooner come to the Knicks than the Celtics, and we're lightyears ahead of them! How do people not realize free agents view them as a fucking leper colony?!
Why haven't we fired Ainge again?
You can't derail the hype train if your team never puts it on the tracks.
Because our general managers have the collective basketball IQ of a goldfish.
Well, we're the only team I've heard connected to him all night. I just hope we didn't end up giving up anything major.
He's a Celtics draft pick, he'll bust FTFY
Parity's not a thing that exists in this league. Pass me summa dat crack you been smokin'?
Please don't refer to Jaylen Brown as an asset. You know how much Danny likes all these assets he pretends he has.
...Because his hat literally says BBB on it? In Lakers colors, no less?
Please, he'll say something stupid if you just dangle the hook.
The anti-Brady in every sense. TB12 would probably splurge on kale if he had a contract like that.
Nice.
Chick-Fil-A people are really nice... except when you and your wife want to get lunch with your brother and his partner. Then things get hairy. Disclaimer: Single, straight (more aro/heterosex, really), only sibling is a sister.
I know. I was joking about the corporate stance on the matter, since people were joking about Chick-Fil-A being a cult.
If Lonzo's the face, then LaVar's the mouth.
Dude, based on what little I know about Game of Thrones, Lavar is closer to Joffrey than Lonzo.
I'm... pretty sure the time zones would not even remotely line up for it.
Never mind, I remembered it.
Hearing all this talk about the new stadium makes me sad we basically robbed them of a banner-raising to christen the place.
20 BUCKS FOR GARLIC FRIES?!?!?!?
...You wanna actually explain this revelation instead of just being needlessly vague?
I assume we're just going by the starter in our first playthroughs of a generation, in which case I've picked Fire every Gen but Kanto.
Alrighty then.
Yeah. Ash-Greninja was two things, and two things only: an obvious cash-grab, and a means to cop out of Ash getting a Pokemon that could Mega Evolve.
Flareon: Yeah, I have zero idea why Flareon was the odd one out of the Stone Eeveelutions in terms of the way its Special stat was split. I mean, it would still have the problem of having an unusable base 130 Attack stat, but considering Fire was 100% Special in those days, wouldn't it have made sense to make Flamethrower as powerful as possible on it? Togedemaru: Don't worry, it'll probably get Iron Head in USM.
Fire Lash, maybe, but Zing Zap is called Shocking and Prickly in Japanese, so it seems very specific to Togedemaru.
Hmmm. Seems interesting. Or make it a full heal if it activates while keeping the once-per-battle stipulation.
If we're going strictly by first playthrough, I had a failed run where I used Venusaur and literally nothing else. That... bit me hard back in the day. I used Blastoise in my first completed run, but I abused the Old Man Glitch to get infinite Rare Candies. But either this year or last, I finally completed Red legit (and achieving a lifelong dream of mine in the process), and I used Charizard for that run. Though considering I was a good 20 years older and wiser than when I first ran into that wall against Champion Blue, I... can't really qualify that as my FIRST starter of RBY. Though these days, I generally pick Charizard for runs of FRLG for the convenience of having a Flyer on my main team. Also, Blaziken and Infernape are straight fire (pun intended)... and it's LITERALLY Infernape, Rapidash, or nothing in DP.
Serperior in particular would GREATLY benefit from an expanded physical movepool. Having used Serperior in White 2, in which you could teach it Aqua Tail, along with Leaf Blade, Coil, and Giga Drain, I can strongly attest to this.
Also, they generally keep the physical limitations of a given Pokemon in mind when deciding on what moves to give it.
Part of me thinks it being a wrestling heel means it's not nearly as popular in Japan, though I have no way of knowing if heels are anywhere near as popular there as they are stateside. That said, it all comes down to their fighting styles. An archer/swordsman is far more dynamic than a stereotypical wrestler, which we already have in Machamp and Pikachu Libre, the latter of which can combine electric attacks with its style. Also, do we know if there's any DLC planned for Pokken DX? Maybe Incineroar will be added that way.
Interesting that they went with his classic design over FRLG. Unless that's a separate figure?
I don't generally replace my starter, though I did end up breeding a team member for each initial Gen IV playthrough (Seed Bomb Torterra for Diamond, Mismagius for Platinum, and Leafeon for HeartGold). Nowadays I don't like to do that, but I'm going through Moon, and part of me is considering breeding a Rowlet for my main team (though I'm way more inclined for using Tsareena again, partly because of its bulk, and partly because I was so blinded by its Adamant nature that I didn't even realize it had the wrong ability (I legitimately thought it went Leaf Guard-Leaf Guard-Queenly Majesty and didn't realize Bounsweet needed (or even COULD have) Oblivious. Learned that the hard way against Guzma's Golisopod).
Yeah, these days I feel like Egg Moves kinda ruin the excitement and make the Pokemon in question feel less... natural.
