Best 11 this season; Lloris Walker toby jan rose Dier dembele Lamela alli eriksen Kane. Say we add lacazette and a midfielder like bazoer/dendoncker. Then with keeping the same best 11 (not that we should/would) our bench features vorm, trippier, wimmer/davies, bazoer/dendoncker, lacazette, son and njie. Assuming some sales after that we could use edwards, harrison, onomah, CCV and KWP as squad depth. That squad looks very good.
Hazard had an okay game today but i don't know why he is captain. I think jan (i might be biased) really should be the captain when kompany isn't there. Hazard isn't a leader in the same way that a captain is imo. Wilmots certainly makes some odd decisions
News just in: russia have just decided to show up in lille for their group b match against slovakia
As an outsider this for me is possibly the most intriguing group stage match. Wales have a few quality players and they play to a system which compliments their strengths well; whereas england are probably playing below their best at the moment. I think Bale plus the aforementioned factors make this pretty close to a 50-50. Should be a cracker!
Geez modric is a graceful player
A guy missed a chance in almost identical fashion to that first milik opportunity today in a game that i played in. Both times the player should have gotten over the ball imsteqd of snacthing at it. Poland could give this tournament a shake too, playing very neat football.
One minute ago: poland are very comfortable without the ball, at maintaiming shape Hits bar: that has to be a warning to poland, they can't afford to sit back
These commentators continuously calling the republic of Ireland "the republic"... Just use Ireland for God's sake, this isn't star wars
Fuck our bowlers are shit
Thanks flem
Could bolsy bowl cosgrove?
You've fucked us m8
Would definitely crack one through the covers for roz
Dave huss loves it squirted into his mouth
It's going to piss down
Binga doesn't give a fuck
This isn't test cricket, luke
We copped less rain in winter
Had a go at martial for exaggerating yesterday on the united-boro match thread and copped so many downvotes. Useless cunts
This is rubbish batting. Fucken hell
Fuck i hate that. Bullshit wicket from negative bowling
Wright you shitcunt.
YTB
Gilly has been fantastic in the commentary box. Not a dickhead and doesn't talk too much shit. Very easy to listen to
To be fair to lenton if he's appealing for a catch he's not really focusing on a stumping and probably didn't realise that voges was out of his ground until too late. The sad thing is voges probably smashed it and the ump didn't pick it up
Half of clint's balls are 6s
DEEP E E P
Lenton is actually really good with the gloves
Denyer needs a left-right, goodnight.
13 years ago old mate drove off a cliff, the dumb cunt
I miss the days of backyard legends copping one to the nuts or running through fences. They were simpler times
This music is sure pumping up the crowd
Johnno looking blazed
Gilly with the subtle fuck you to his family
Gee wiz
I've never seen a spursier goal. Fucken ex-player at the far post and 3 or 4 rebounds. Wanted a clean sheet :(
Not as bad as my manager. Bloke decided he couldn't be fucked coming to our game and played 6th division instead because it was closer to his house
Issue was that we relied so heavily on bale, modric and van der vaart with contributions from lennon, adebayor and defoe. The rest of the team was pretty average, especially the defense (King is a legend but injuries had taken their toll). I wish those 3 players could have played in our current team
I don't understand this. Vorm has only played 4 or so games?
Bit late to the party but i sure am. I'm not worried at all but just to be safe i always jog in the opposite direction to traffic. Stops people sneaking up on you from behind or stalking you
I was hungry and had some left over rice but nothing else to go with it so i put mi goreng noodles with it and cheese. It was horrendous.
Didn't really understand boro's tactics. Friend kept getting the ball and instead of passing took his man on and put in a cross to a 1v5. You aren't winning that scenario very often. Just brainless play
You controlled the match and ramirez really should have scored. I just had no idea what friend was doing. Some lovely passing to try and exploit the defense but whenever it got to him he would cross it, generally when only negredo was in there. Incredibly frustrating to watch. Sure get it in there and put pressure on the defenders but it was obvious after the third time and negredo rarely had a chance.
Boro-leicester? Never happened m8
My sleeping pattern is completely ruined. Too much premier league
How do you miss that? Christ
West ham need to get at darmian. Try and get him sent off to even the match up
Jesus christ. MEAT PIE TRAIN
"Yeah spot on warnie, really like the way you go about it" -darce
I like ed, he's a sick cunt but you can't just get rid of toyota girl like that.
Warnie reckons that old mate dave has genuine leg speed. Reckon darce would agree with that
14(55) hmmmm.
Just don't want him to get bogged down. He's alright
Love me some jungle book tbh
Darce: Yeah bruce, really like the way he goes about it
He was good at everything
Bill taking the piss
Braithwaite, blackwood and dorwich are looking okay though. Hopefully they can build a batting line up with these guys forming the spine.
The girl is hot. I'm a simple man. I'll watch it
Single through slip cunt. Fuck ya
Reckon you double your 30 over score so we should be looking at ≈290-300. Good total that
Fuck the bride. Is the daughter single?
Reckon commbank girl would be awesome in the sack. She looks the type
That's a fucking wide. Poor kid
Good maths, tubbs
That kid has a rubbish technique.
Crocodile technique
New girl lads. Specsavers girl
I really hope wickets don't fall when they do those interviews
Hum de dum dee lyk a bic boi
The one's with the beards look more like jimmy anderson
No susan
Hopefully uzzie makes runs in the second dig then. He's been the best batsman over the whole summer though, made runs every game so I'm not going to be too harsh on him
Uzzie made runs against south africa
Toyota have really fucked up
Renshaw still facing up
That's some off-spin right there
Large kid dancing
Brisbane confirmed still a bit shit but not as shit as it was 5 minutes ago
Fuckin beamer
All the boys
Drop him
She loves solid units
Mi goreng every night
YOUNG BOYS AND GIRLS
Reckon bill just called him handsome
Fucked it
Koala looks depressed
I like vancouver girl
Mike controller ;)
Renshaw is a cross between hayden, langer and gilly
Leo isn't happy with that effort
Ponting suggested that the best way to play was to show the full face to point at some stage during the swing (backswing or stroke). Lara was the same.
A lot of them are solid but I'll take the vancouver one thanks
Thanks chaps
This cunt is fucked
Why do you even need hotspot or rts for that?
Bit harsh tubbs
You aren't fooling anyone mate
That balance
Sydney skyline is shit
How did he look like he was out of his depth?
Roy gives zero fucks and i love it
Fuck. I missed the hot chick
"We were gonna knock him out" lol wot
Good game. Now to hit the sack as I've gotta be up for a round of golf at 5:50
That's because emily is walking down the pitch 5 metres outside leg and trying to hit a ball on middle
Ed's been hitting the gym.
The kahuna was in every club's communal kitbag
Clarke's fucked it. Cunt
Fuck me. That is a top cunt move from wade there
Oh no
Starc is going to cop a bit of his own medicine here
BIG LEVER
Hahahahahahaha fucken brutal
Why is a fucken travel agent wearing a pilot's uniform?
Need to get piejeel on strike
Fuck. Old mate has some shots
Feel for the lad. Hopefully he gets a good run in the team and makes some runs
I wish those cunts came to my cricket club. I'd be in the test team by now
daniels should be marked by the right sided attacking midfielder. However, bellerin should have realised that no one was tracking him sooner and pushed wider, calling a CM back to fill the spot that he would be leaving
Nah he's in the right spot initially but the midfielders aren't. With a back 4 you should be pushing across so that when the left back goes to meet a player on the wing, the right back is in the right Central defender's usual spot, then the rb position would be filled by the right winger/RAM
What the fuck cunt
Warnie.....no
Can't see SOK or paris getting a wicket. They're just bowling straight at slow pace
Hello world, this is me
Oh fuck off hilfy
Yorker. Yorker. Yorker. Yorker.
Kill him
Thai for dinner. Really good
Well fuck.
Oh no. Please be okay
He kind of looks like a shit mane. Given we have nkoudou who i think has played well when given an opportunity, i don't see much point to this
I'm sorry but did anyone else get visions of a WWII flak gun taking neymar out? Hahaha
Hate that last bit of a zooper dooper that tastes like shit because it's only plain ice
Currently observing a spider sucking out the juicy insides of another spider on the outside of my window. Scenes
Didn't they cancel the production of those? Used to have them at primary school all the time. Absolute bitch to open and then you got rid of 20% of the block before all the flavour disappeared or the bell rang and you had to chuck it away
Sharjeel is just a left-handed version of sehwag isn't he?
This is accurate
Gaz doesn't particularly deserve a wicket but who gives a cunt. Huge!
Shah to notch up yet another century here
Pffft, kirby wasn't going to play ahead of TOB or edwards anyway
Living standards in china compared to western europe are vastly different.
Despite him picking up 3 wickets this innings i don't think you can take SOK to india. The bloke barely turns it and the indians will take him apart. Wade needs to be dropped too because he's shit but we all know that he won't be.
I couldn't find anyone who shared my name. I guess I'm unique :(
Ummm, unless you are all blind he never actually touches the ball with his hand, even if he was attempting to do so.
That is a cuntstomper.
GKN seriously needs more game time.
How much leave do new fathers get in the UK? If he misses a few games you certainly couldn't begrudge him, however he will want to play if he isn't too sleep deprived.
Wtf?!!!?
I'd be the absolute worst at this because I'm not a massive fan of weddings. Don't really like the idea of having everyone focus their attention on me but then again, they say that the wedding is for the lady, and the proposal for the man.
Handscomb keeping....why???? Thought harper was doing well
BT: Boy oh Boy wowee Darce: He has genuine heavy balls Richo: Yeah spot on darce Bruce: Cyril has heavy balls
Seriously freddy, just go into the fucken milkbar cunt.
Fuck me, harry potter out on the field tonight.
Used to play cricket with a bloke called the wiz
Fuck you blocka
I hate it. Could use some more creativity
That's really not that many. Like 1.3 per game
Shut m8
Fuck, i need to get into those
Bit of bling on Agar's wrist there
I need to see an Agar-off. Do the strikers and scorchers play again?
Curtis just fucked merve over the fence
Advanced hair. Yeah yeah
That's a throw m8
Fuck life
No
Fuck sakes cunt
We are so losing this with beer on strike
Days just aren't the same when there's no test cricket to look forward to
Can't believe he played in the a-league. Unbelievable player
I think he's a bit more than beached now, mate. I'd say he's been the for quite a while
Thought half of this was spanish when i saw "underratedor"
It's alright, messi dropped some lit shit too
Here he is* again
I'm kind of over seeing this hulking sloth of a human everywhere. There are always 2-3 threads on the front page about him and he's obviously in the news all the time. I just couldn't give a shit about US politics, I'm far more concerned about our own leaders and the jobs that they're doing.
Oi! Public transport is grouse
I love reddit sometimes
Please, will listen every night. Probably watch a bit too on foxtel but the radio is amazing
England m8
Kfc burgers are dogshit
Did she see you?
Yeah no. I've played both FB and CM for my local team and FB was a undoubtedly harder.
You shouldn't be allowed to go out to narine. The bloke throws it.
Hahaha shitcunts. Also nevill was horrific. We need a good keeper in this country desperately
M8. The MCG is the reason
There's literally an end at Etihad dedicated to them. Too many pies in that ground tonight
He wasn't very good for us most of the time. 6m isn't that bad considering. We got dier for less (?) anyway so it doesn't matter
Which in turn puts the whole country in a hole. The banks being generous to these two mess up the economy even more than it would be otherwise
I wouldn't notice that they were all wearing similar clothing and if by some miracle I did, i wouldn't care. It's an incredibly "teenage girl" argument
They should have put it in albert park or in yarra park somewhere. Would have been amazing views either towards port Phillip bay and the city or towards the east and city. Docklands and railyards are the last place I'd build that
Pffft, you guys should come to australia. I live 20km from the city and the median house price here in a normal suburb is already above $1m. It goes up the closer you get too.
Smith needs to be dropped. Hasn't made a run in ODIs all year. Warner too for that matter
Terrible batting, decent bowling
This is seriously horrific batting that started with warner and smith playing genuinely rubbish shots against fast swing
In melbs mate
More down to terrible batting. A couple of the wickets were excellent but the first 3 were down to dumb shots, similarly maxwell's.
Pickle juice sounds fucked
Healy you jinxing cunt
Pakistan bowling beamers against us again. Waqar eat your heart out
Wade might as well hit out now if stanlake can get him on strike
Is wade a fucking idiot? Why are you running ones
Wade doesn't want to try and see out the overs
That's horrific from pakistan
More aids in the pakistani fielding than africa
Minutely reminder that Vics Do It Better
I like vancouver girl. She might not be the hottest but best girlfriend material by far
First game of the 2003 World Cup. Symmo made 150 and waqar got taken out of the attack for bowling beamers at him
Billy flipping the batsmen off when they're trying to pick it out of the hand
Stanlake needs to be putting it just outside off
Lol, playing milo cricket in whites
Meh.
See that catch cunts. Vics do it best
Was playing seniors at 15. Good fun. Averaged 46 as an opening batsman
I dunno. I don't think rice and steamed vegetables go together very well. Especially rice and peas.
She's slipping over herself when she sees him
I dunno actually. This season rose should have 3 assists but everywhere i look he only has two. The three are alli vs saints, eriksen vs hull and kolarov own goal vs city. Maybe I'm not remembering things correctly
Our top order has been woeful thus far
Surely not? They didn't actually win, did they?
Mirallas and barkley need to get closer to lukaku so that they can pick up the crumbs
I think it was a joke that is steeped in irony but I'm not 100%
That's an amazing strike
Suddenly it's a foul fest
Fuck me. That control from silva. Ooooo
I feel as though ottamendi could play fullback really well
Old mate Andy Townsend is a fucking savage
Origi looked like he was pulled back then
That's orgasmic
Nah, was a back 4. Wimmer played left back because neither of davies or rose were able to play. Son dropped quite deep though
Neither of united or origi know what they want to do with the ball when they get it
I have a mate who is half italian and his nickname is genuinely "salami". When he gets a missus i reckon we're going to have to give him a few ideas
She makes me sad. Always crashes out here and she's one of my favourite players
It's so nice to not have to get up at 1am to watch a grand slam
Stan trying to pull the same move as the one he pulled at wimbledon against DP here?
7, what are you doing? Same match on both channels.
YTB
Would defs give a left nut for the girl from 800 words
Was that music playing after that point then?
Genie "not quite mad tits" bouchard
Roger's shoes are glorious
Went to the same school as the founders of the genie army. One of my mates' brother is in it
Not all heroes wear capes
Zero fucks from genie thus far. Ruthless
It's at about this time of the year that I fall in love with genie. At least until she gets bundled out in the second round and leaves me disappointed. This is quality tennis
How stacked is this side of the men's draw?
As in a shitload of big names on this side.
I think 9 from set pieces is slightly worrying though
Serena's dress barely fits over her arse
I hate when they have updates from the match that is literally on the other channel. Ffs if we want to watch it then we will
Woz!!! Love her
We have the best female cheerleaders
Pironkova is mint
I'd like to see australia not continuously pick half of our batsmen every summer. Ffs cunts, you're the reason we turn to shit late in the season.
Good to see that aga will make another QF or SF before coming up against someone who will hit their shots consistently and overpower her
You need to look up R136A in the tarantula nebula in the large megallanic cloud. Also, Eta Carinae.
Fed playing a bit weirdly. Missing so many shots
Querrey wearing pyjama shorts out there on the court
Some solid serve-volley tennis here
Isner's passing game is shite
Surely game over
What the fuck
What if bale and modric stayed? I mean we could go on with a lot of clubs like this. Imagine the Portuguese clubs
Half the field wearing the same nike outfit.
Could have been some form of drugs (incl. Alcohol) but also just a complete dickhead
Bounces towards finch. Fuuuuuuuuuuck. That ball has just held it's line like a pornstar's cumshot. He's finished off right on the bitch's face.
Rompingwins
City were far nastier this game. They got away with murder ffs whilst we were getting yellows for absolutely minute incidents
What the fuck. Noooooo :(
Reminds me of premo more tbh
Only 2? That's heartbreaking :(
Are you for real?
I don't see marcus edwards anywhere
Pffft amateur. I got 4/5 (4)
Annual "half of our good players end up in the national team when finals come around". I'm over it. I'm pleased that we made the finals again
Getting downvoted for no reason here. Walker is clearly running in the opposite direction initially, sane kicks it past him, walker then turns, sprints back and i think ends up winning the ball back eventually.
The city core is very dense but also really small (area). Bit disappointing for such a large city.
Girls aren't less intelligent than boys, It's simply a choice. When I did year 12 a couple of years ago there were 3 girls in my physics class, just 1 in my specialist maths class and 4 in my maths methods class. Admittedly my school wasn't the smartest going around but there were certainly more than 4 girls/100 in my year that could have managed that level of work. Since these subjects are some of the prerequisites for STEM subjects at uni, it isn't surprising that there are less females in these fields. They simply don't want to do the subjects. Dumbing them down won't be beneficial in any way.
That kfc ad....
Some early swing =/= fair for both bat and ball, michael.
Hahaha zampa you cheeky cunt
The circle looks like a loading symbol
Head is awful at playing spin
That shot was fucken sensual. That ad is fucken cooked
78 balls really isn't that fast
Old mate looked like he wanted to top himself then.
The girls on tinder in Newcastle have the roughest fucking heads
lol. Shows the kfc ad with the old people Then... Funeral ad
This cunt picks safeway because of the bottled water
Gonna watch this show for delta
Amir wasn't even watching it into his hands. No wonder he dropped it. You aren't taking much with your eyes closed
My under 16s team from 3 or 4 years back had genuinely better fielders than this. I took a one-handed screamer to get a shitcunt from vermont out
Studs up. Reckless. Didn't get the ball. Send the cunt off
The issue now is that both players are going for personal mileststones and there's only 10 overs left
I want 400 because I'm a selfish bastard
Rohit
He's out. Ffs
Oh ffs roger. That was shit.
What a fucking cunt. Bet he shits in a portaloo as well, rather than digging a hole in the ground like the rest of us.
The meme that keeps on meming
Fuck me, need to get this going on the old hills hoist out the back
Fuck.
Darren bent has completed his transfer to wycombe
Not particluarly surprising tbh. We played like that against villa too. Mix of the team being complacent, too forceful/panicked when on the ball and a completely rotated 11 that included 7 players under 24 or something who haven't played much all season, let alone together
Roger needs his first serve
High bouncing, spinning balls to the weaker one-hander. Hard for fed to control. It's one of the reasons why novak is his kryptonite over the past few years. Novak's two-hander can deal with the bounce and spin far easier
Tbf novak has destroyed murray in most of those games. It was straights last year
Something expensive asf
34 minutes? That's pathetic guys. We want a 6 hour marathon like 2012 and 34 minute sets won't help us achieve that
Fed has gone the wrong way 3 times now
Fuck I'm glad they fucked off basil and hamish
Fed tanking
Roger has missed so many shots down the line when rafa is out of position
Can be pretty demoralising though to lose a set 6-0
Shank no. 5
Oh that return is ridiculous
Rog needs to go to the backhand on returns
One of the best forehands ever and he can't get it over the net ffs
Roger needs to lean on the backhand
Their shoes aren't the same. Rog has some weird green stripes or patterns on the outside of his and rafa has the bull obviously
That line umpire steals your fucken girl
Wtf, he's right-handed?
This is next level. Shows how good novak has been over the last few years really
If rafa is in pain then why isn't he asking for the trainer?
Fuck these telstra ads
Would take a solid 30-28 right now
He's a child but she's the one who wants to build a snowman
Fed needs to find the lines
Roger has lost his serve again
Unbelievably flat shot
You've got to hit it deeper than that Roger
Think she's just nervous
Cornelius Fudge once said "He's back."
OMFG rafa. What are you doing?
The two greatest of all time
That is fucking clutch
This is tense
He's fantastic. Well done rafa
Legit quoted this in the match thread
That is criminal defending. Wtf was he doing?
Nope. She's annoying
Not to mention the uranium that we ship overseas rather than use as a fuel source for nuclear power plants
Watered down cider? Does that have any alcohol at all?
Have fucking work at 10:45. This match is like the last meal before someone is executed.
Reckon every kid circa 2010 got one, except me although i got a prem ball a couple of years later
So.....the EPA were responsible for 9/11 then?
Every man's dilemma
Tutututututut....well, how's his wife holding up?
if they're going to stick with ling on special comments can we at least have a rule whereby he isn't allowed to commentate geelong games ffs
that's fucking htb umpire. call it you useless cunt
Sloane being manhandled
Does jenkins do anything? Can ling stop saying coal face? How can walker miss that?
3 adelaide players there and they put fuck all pressure on
Jenkins has stolen a spot in this side off a few games where he kicked bags by cherry-picking
Cunt, we did it first
Tex just cunted that through with no issue
Adelaide have no defensive pressure at all
Fuck off lingy you red haired cunt
It is geelong, mate
Just the casual $4k
That's north-level defending
I can't get into kendrick. His beat selection is pretty neat but his voice irritates me
The second most 80s thing I've seen after the mullet in aussie rules
I'm assuming that they're only looking at the stars which are making their closest approaches to sag A*? Hence why S0-102 isn't highlighted?
Yeah the fucking boys
Shithole
His wife
Swear it was 4?
Saw him live a couple of times, the bloke is a sick cunt. Was scared anytime he got the ball on their forward 50.
His head definitely looks to be in an offside position. Think that was a bad call by the lino tbh
Straight out of aristocats
Pls
Looney tunes back in action
Swinburne? I have 3/4 exams there starting on thursday. I had my first one this morning on campus. Saw i cute as girl that I'll never see again
Fuck yes cunts
Old mass luongo at spurs. Not sure he even played a first team game for us but a spurs legend nonetheless
"Oi lad, would be good if you could piss off" "Thanks, mate"
I spent 3 or 4 years looking for casual/part-time work in the admin field. No one would hire me because I was young (depsite doing a specific course to land a job), relatively inexperienced and tbh probably because I'm male. Now I work at maccas casually whilst attending uni.
Flog me cunt off that is a massive strike
Why isn't donnarumma keeping? Is he not eligible or something?
That's probably accurate anyway. Cheers
Genuinely horrific
I love transformers but bay has ruined the live action films. Needed to make one on cybertron with no humans. The human focus ruins it
Goal number faaaiiiiive
Give it a week mate
Fuck yes cunts
Fucken roaming soders
"There's a lot of guys here doing nothing"
"Spontaneous kindness"
I'm assuming that this is because of the giants' injury problems and sydney being decent
He tore us a new arse but we still won
Brisbane to go full north and lose this
Swear that was wingard; ffs basil you cock
Port have gone full adelaide
That goalkeeper is fucking shit
I know gray kicks goals but surely you put him in the middle when nothing is working?
Absolute throw then from kelly
Fuck off that's a block
Green has one of the shittest pills going around
That's holding the ball. Took dixon on. Fucken lol at that
That's 60 Freedoms
Gws lost that. They weren't themselves today
Reckon the Venezuelan keeper is the best out there at the moment. He's kept them in the match.
Peñaranda is like a blonde version of that cunt from tokyo drift
Cooked
Gartlett made the right decision
geez, have collingwood got a man on petracca?
It's in burwood east. Everyone refers to burwood east as burwood. Fuck burwood, we don't like them.
Get fucken shitmixed
My cousin might get a go in the future with a few more teams. She plays in the women's rep comp or development league or whatever it is at the moment. Would be pretty sick
I suppose at least basil and lingy might off each other mid game
He's a fucking idiot anyway
Probably would still win tbh
"Pounds the ball..."
Nicnat already a better commentator than 99% of channel 7's team
the voice-break is painful
Well that...was fucking dreadful
That was fucking sensual from the gov
Must be fake west coast fans
Ytfm
Fuck off mark you shitcunt
Brisbane will be better than port in a couple of years
Just got home from work. I'm stuffed
I look nothing like either of my parents lol
Not only that. The cunts made us hate one of our nation's all time great players
Fucken has to be in summer, aye? FIFA couldn't have put the cunt in winter, could they? Would've sorted the germans out no worries.
Flog me cunt off, we're in for a real schlonging lads
Fuck off luongo. Why did you do that, you useless cunt? Fuck our team is shit, they give away the shittest goals
Is there any chance that we can pass the ball faster, run harder and be more direct instead shitting it around at the back? Old mate juric is as slow as a 3 legged wombat and our midfield isn't much better. Need faster cunts on the pitch
We also won 2 world wars, how many have these muppets won?
Here we go with foz's fucking brilliant analysis
We could be if we didn't play dumb tactics that don't suit our players. I mean I know they aren't very good but we shouldn't be third in the WCQ and drawing against saudi arabia, thailand and iraq
Get some run and carry and handballs going. Might get a few out the back
Wagner looks like he belongs in H division
Is trent meant to just jump out of the way? The fuck cunt?
When your goalkeeper is your best passer you know you're fucked.
Fuck off kruse. You're fucking shit mate
Could behich actually slut one in on his left instead of cutting back inside everytime?
Not really. He's been pretty shit
Is kruse a fucking retard?
Mooy has been so fucking lackluster. Just playing short passes instead of trying to take control
Yo, it's the...R-A-double P-E-R N-OY-D....niggas can't fuck with me. One of my favourite lines ever. between this, Q.U. hectic and Up North Trip there are some damn fine beats (not even mentioning shook ones pt. II which is up there with the greatest beats ever)
Also, Alderweireld missed 3 months, vertonghen missed a month or so and rose missed almost 4 months. We were shafted by long-term injuries. Even winks got injured for the last month or so when he was breaking through
Walked past a bloke in a suit who was sat, passed out at a bus stop on flinders street at about 4:30 this morning. Vomit everywhere and the poor sod looked like he'd pissed himself too. Hope he's alright
Anytime bud
Stop after this one
I'm not sure....lock in B eddie
Wasn't a car in sight
Personally I think he's in brownlow form
Heeney is a gun
*Kicks goal* "oi fuck you, ya cunt. Take that"
Fuck this minion cunt
Dean towers is quality...... Ha ha ha
He's got red hair
That was nowhere near the fucking post
Noooooooo fuck you Sydney you cunts
Hope sydney floods, the cunts
Have always thought that havoc murdered this track
Fuck off. Just fuck off
Absolute throw from hawkins. How do you miss that?
Self-inflicted again. Why the fuck that bloke played on with a handball to hill i will never know. Just dumb play
That is fucking average defending. Why would you let that go through?
Geelong have free players everywhere; what the fuck are freo doing?
Weller should have had a shot
This is what happens when you switch to woolworths from safeway. Fuck them
49km/h jesus that's slow. Almost school zone slow
Everyone is coming back
This would be perfect for a sutil kamikaze moment
Old mate kev is slow
≈6 seconds or so, 16 ahead of bottas
Get fucked luongo you cunt
Nah mate, chilean bloke is just a pussy cunt
Reckon we should have played a forward pairing of jezza cameron and buddy for this one
Kruse shouldn't be starting for us
Can we put jamie on please ange?
Oh well. I'm proud that we outplayed one of the best teams in the world. Maybe there is some hope for us as long as we don't continue to give away shit goals. Also shows that mooy and rogic aren't as important as first thought
It's not that far. You could do that still
Which cunt thought "yummy mummies" would be a good idea?
Yeah, Betelgeuse's atmosphere is theorised to extend out to a distance equivalent to that of jupiter's orbit. Would be a lot bigger than several earths
Fucken sick cunt
Yeah but if you sell all of your possessions and give the proceeds to the poor then you become poor (literally homeless, with nothing) yourself. That's dumb as. I can appreciate the sentiment but being kind and being a dumb cunt shouldn't be the same thing.
This is one of the issues with religion right here. You really shouldn't love a couple of blokes from over a millenium ago more than your own family. That's just nuts.
Needs hodgey on his side
He is
Question time amuses me. I always end up wondering how these children are in positions of such power. It's an absolute circus
Once I heard the aussie accent I just knew it would be in queensland. This is as queensland as it gets
Anyone else hate the use of "ass" instead of "arse"? Just a weird looking and sounding word
This guy has a very similar voice to me. It's a bit bizarre listening to it
Any mario from doncaster reference gets an upvote in my book. Funny shit
Happened at my aunt's house the other day. My cousin had set a timer thing for a show and the tv turned itself on
That will smell horrendous within a week
Yes, whenever someone uses "ass" i say that it is another name for a donkey and they disagree and use it in place of "arse".
Gonna throw it out there, freo's original scheme with the red and green was fucking tops
AZ - Doe or Die. One of my favourite albums too. It's fire.
I'd rather boring like this than the seat belt kit from 2 seasons back. We wear white shirts. It doesn't need stuff all over it. Clean and simple is best when it comes to us imo
I suppose it's showcasing the team but it's interesting that dele is featured given he's an adidas sponsored player. Not sure they would be too happy with him in a nike shirt without his boots and whatnot. Although this could be a false image so whatevs
Thought it was friday night. May be it's midnigt but I highly doubt it
It isn't exactly a sight to behold either. There have been much more worthy buildings knocked down in the past. Would exchamge a few of those for this in a heartbeat.
Petition to have "sick cunt steve" on the star pls
Holy fuck. Why have we done it like this?
