Looks good. The book is excellent.
If I'd known there was going to be a TV adaptation I would have bet by house that Peter Mullen would be involved. Wonder where it was filmed. Reading the book it always struck me as a combination of Inverness and Stonehaven.
Googled it: Macduff apparently.
No, me fucking myself didn't happen either.
Meow
&gt; anything to make the Scots sound like nutters egh? &gt; They could at least put a winky face up so we know they are joking. To be fair you do sound like a nutter here.
It's only £50k. It's not breaking the bank.
&gt;Scotland is in the EU. No it isn't. The UK is.
Why does it seem that way to you?
Its not that hot. Stop whinging.
No.
Perhaps, the two best players in the draw took each other to 5 sets and finished on Saturday. Meanwhile Stan has an easy match up against Tsonga and a full days rest.
The Tories have a mandate to govern the UK in It's entirety. The SNP had their chance to govern Scotland independently and they lost it. So no, the SNP do not have a mandate in this instance.
&gt;But Westminster isn't the only parliament in the UK any more. What that means is the Tories can't act as if it's 1979 and impose policies on Scotland that we clearly do not want. Actually they can.
Bizarre? I'm just taking your logic to its natural conclusion. Your argument was that wealthy people should get free prescriptions because they paid their taxes. Now your shifting the goal posts and saying it's because they're ill. So let's take winter fuel allowance. I need to heat my home just as much as the elderly and I pay my taxes, so why shouldn't I receive it? You'll say it's because I'm not elderly, and in doing so you've added another condition. It's not enough that I need to heat my home, I need to be elderly too. That's no different to me saying it shouldn't be enough just to be ill to receive free prescriptions, you should be in financial need too.
&gt;How many wealthy people do you think are getting prescriptions that they don't need? Is this a big problem, or a problem at all? What? I'm not suggesting they're getting prescriptions they don't need I'm suggesting they're getting prescriptions they can afford to pay for themselves. Money that could be better spent on pioneering cancer treatments for example is instead being divided into tiny sums to subsidise hemorrhoid cream for people who can well afford it.
I'm not convinced it is cheaper.
&gt;I said that you should not exclude people who pay their taxes from those who do not so everybody is equal. That is not what you said. What you said is that rich people deserved free prescriptions because they have paid taxes into the system. You said *"You expect these people to pay into the system but then they get absolutely nothing out despite paying the most?"* *"The less wealthy get free prescriptions, those who pay their taxes should too."* Whether or not you get free prescriptions should have nothing to do with how much tax you have paid. Just like winter fuel allowance, or job seekers allowance or all the other benefits I mentioned.
Yes I'd rather we spent money on red tape if it means freeing up a larger sum for important medical causes.
&gt;You're advocating bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy. No, I'm very clearly advocating bureaucracy for the sake of freeing up funds for more important medical treatments. If you want to argue that's not financially viable I'd love to see the data.
&gt;Again you are not actually addressing the fact that the wealthy do get ill as well. I'm not addressing it because it's irrelevant. You argued that the wealthy should get free prescriptions because they paid taxes. I'm arguing free prescriptions should not be based on how much tax you've paid.
No you *literally* said that the fact they paid their taxes was why they should also get free prescriptions. **"those who pay their taxes should too."** Free prescriptions should be awarded on the basis of financial need. Not taxes paid.
Where did you get the idea I was suggesting the rich would get prescriptions for no good reason?
The UK doesn't need to address the volatility of oil revenue. It's economy is big enough that the volatility isn't an issue. It was an independent Scotland that was under enormous risk from oil volatility. To the tune of 15% of its annual budget. The SNP did nothing to address that. The oil fund they proposed was pie in the sky. They were already spending the oil revenues to finance their annual budget, there wasn't going to be any left over for an oil fund.
Because that is not the problem that people are talking about when they talk about the volatility of oil, and it's not what an oil fund is set up for. The volatility of oil revenue is a problem because in a country like an independent Scotland where oil revenues pay for 15% of the annual budget, that budget can fluctuate wildly. Which means some years you can't pay for all your spending commitments. That's what an oil fund is for. You pay the oil revenues into that and then take out a consistent sum each year. It smooths out the flow. Oil revenues make up less than 1% of the UKs budget so it isn't subject to the same volatility and doesn't need an oil fund.
Oil and gas is *not* a "big part of UK revenue". It is a small part. Small enough that the volatility of oil prices has no spending implications for the UK government. An independent Scotland on the other hand would have to plug a massive hole in its budget. That is the difference.
Your question was related to an independent Scotland because you *responded to me* in a discussion I was having about why the UK didn't need an oil fund and an independent Scotland might. I've explained that to you now and you're trying to change the subject. I didn't say the oil industry was irrelevant to the UK I said it was small in a UK context. Stop taking everything so emotionally.
There's nothing subjective about what I'm saying. It's simple maths. The UK doesn't need an oil fund for the reasons I've explained previously.
It's entirely a question of semantics. You call Scotland a country and believe it is entitled to some electoral privileges. You don't call Shetland a country so you don't believe they're entitled to the same. Semantics.
It's semantics because you're concerned with the definition of the word country.
&gt;but there is a border between Scotland and rUK. They are separate. The "border" between Scotland and rUK isn't anymore real than the border between Shetland and Scotland. Neither exist in any real sense.
Yes. Shetland council. That's it. It doesn't matter because none of the things you mentioned make any difference to the legitimacy of a border. You are using your own definition of country and border and seem to be confused that those definitions don't hold any persuasive merit. It's just semantics.
&gt;it would be having input on foreign policy where it affects Scotland. If she wants input she can pick up the phone to DC. She doesn't need to be at the negotiating table.
&gt;Doesn't change the fact that that sovereignty is recognized independently from English sovereignty. You have misunderstood. It isn't.
Strange as Texas was an independent country more recently than Scotland was.
What was the difference?
No.
&gt;I know that Scotland never ceased to be a country (though it did cease to be a sovereign state). You don't know that because that is not an objectively true statement because you're using your own personal definition of "country". &gt;Semantics is literally about the meaning of words. If the meaning of words doesn't matter to you, It's not that the meaning of the word doesn't matter to me, it's that the meaning of the word doesn't matter constitutionally or legally. It is meaningless. &gt;Scotland doesn't have any "special status" over Yorkshire? Not in this context. Scotland doesn't have any special status with regards to EU negotiations over Yorkshire. You want it to because "Scotland is a country". But it doesn't.
Show me one of those definitions that doesn't also apply to Texas, or Yorkshire for that matter.
Yes there are secessionist movements in Texas just like Scotland and Yorkshire has a very strong sense of identity. I'm not arguing that my definition of country is right and yours is wrong. I'm arguing that the definition is irrelevant. Whatever status you think being a "country" confers doesn't exist in any real sense. It's just semantics.
The British constitution is formed of multiple *legal* documents. The claim of right has no legal or constitutional force whatsoever.
I don't keep avoiding anything. I've read back through your comments and you didn't ask me for my definition of country once. The answer is I don't have one definition of country. One definition doesn't exist. It depends on the context.
Asking me to google something isn't the same as asking my definition. But if I must; country (ˈkʌntrɪ) n, pl -tries 1. (Human Geography) a territory distinguished by its people, culture, language, geography, etc **2. (Government, Politics &amp; Diplomacy) an area of land distinguished by its political autonomy; state** Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged © HarperCollins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003 There's a definition of "country" Scotland doesn't fulfil. What a pointless exercise that was. Although I'd reiterate my original point that the definition is irrelevant.
There are no career politicians in the SNP of course. The SNP is special.
You don't need young people to outnumber the over-50s. Neither group is s block vote. You need enough young people to vote to make ignoring them too risky an electoral strategy.
Some people are going to be really cheesed off about this.
Guy tried to sell me a jacket outside the Windsor Buffet once. I suspected it might have been stolen because he was carrying it in a bin bag. So I declined. He was *incredulous*. "EH?! YOU DONT EVEN WANT TO TRY IT ON?!"
Is that Rush? Is it still called that?
They have busy diaries. Look it up.
That's a different argument to complaining about the cost.
Sure but is it a reasoned principle in the first place? From my perspective the royals are fantastic at what they do and a valuable institution.
None of this is true. Holyrood Palace is part of the crown estate and is not on loan.
The state only funds working royals performing official duties. Prince Charles travel bill isn't paying for his holidays, it's paying for official engagements which are often organised by the UK government. The cost of the royal family in its entirety is probably less than some single heads of state. The cost is divided amongst multiple people because for various reasons, not least the Queen being 89, she can't do them all herself.
We also have a single head of state; The Queen. The fact that she shares some of her duties, because she's 89, with other members of the royal household doesn't mean we're paying for multiple heads of state.
I'd be surprised if it was as low as 2.5m but it shouldn't necessarily come as a surprise that the Irish head of state costs less than the British one. It's a smaller role after all. Who says Prince Charles doesn't know "what the fuck he is talking about" he's a very experienced diplomat, which is exactly what that role entails. Not sure why you think that gives off a bad impression or why a different individual would give off a different one.
&gt;I mean the Queen is probably one of the highest paid HoS in the world Based on what?
Are you kidding? £40m doesn't refer to the Queens salary, it's the total budget spent on the Queen in exercising her royal duties. It includes the salaries and travel expenses of the entire office. You can't compare it with the US presidents salary. You'd need to compare it to the comparable operating costs of the White House.
So what numbers are you comparing then to get the idea that the Queen is probably the most expensive Head of State in the world?
Because you need someone to exercise the functions of a head of state. That can be the Queen or it can be someone else. But you're still going to have to pay for it.
We do not have two. The Prime Minister is the Head of Government not the Head of State. In the UK the Head of State exercises a primarily diplomatic role. It's a significant undertaking and not something that the Prime Minister can perform at the same time as his current role. You will need to pay for someone else to do it. That can be the Queen or it can be someone else. But you still need to pay for it.
As opposed to?
Well judging by the fact you judge a-levels to be the key indicator of someone's suitability for a diplomatic role I'd imagine it's not very much. I didn't say trade was about 'old boys' networking. I said it was about networking. Don't put words in my mouth. And whether you care to admit it or not networking is exactly what trade is about and people are flattered to be introduced to a royal. Such is the way the world works. Why don't we have a permanent royal in Paris or Berlin? Why would we need a permanent royal presence there? We didn't spend 450'000 on a trip to a Cornish pasty. Prince Charles attended a state visit to Mexico at the request of both respective governments. Pointing to one isolated part of the itinerary and trying to characterise that as the whole reason for the trip is just stupid.
The sovereign grant doesn't pay for the upkeep of the "royal lifestyle." It pays exclusively for the official functions of the Queen and where applicable the Duke of Edinburgh and their staff. And it is not an educated guess. You aren't educated on the figures. You've pulled out the salaries of the U.S. President, Canadian and British PMs and guessed the Queen has a higher "salary". That is not an educated guess.
They don't. They also have heads of state that perform the same function as the Queen. In countries where the head of state has more political power e.g the United States you have extra people to share some of the burden that comes with running the government.
&gt;other HoS don't live in palaces which it up keeps and the staff which they'd spend money on without their de facto pay. That's the lifestyle. What? Of course they do. What do you think the White House is? What do you think the Élysées Palace (France) is? What do you think the Bellevue Palace (Germany) is? Do you think other countries heads of state live in tents or something?
What's the difference in scale? You don't have a clue you're just guessing. A minute ago you were saying other Heads of State didn't live in palaces or have staff at all.
It was a diplomatic mission. Not a trade delegation.
Yeh and we split the function and it works too. We don't have "another layer" with royalty. We have the same layers as other countries. We have a head of state and a head of government. I'm not sure why this is hard for you to follow.
Write a letter to the foreign office of it offends you. You're obviously such an expert on international diplomacy.
It doesn't need to be royalty. It can be anyone. But that role still costs money. So your idea that scrapping the monarchy would leave us with loads of cash to spend is naive. Republics still spend millions on the head of state. Look at the official residences for the French and German heads of state. It sounds like you have this daft notion that the UK is somehow spending inorbitant amounts of money on the royal family when really we're just spending an ordinary amount of money for a head of state.
&gt;I don't think anyone expected a town the size of Paisley to be the difference between ending the Union with England and continuing it. It wasn't. Paisley has a population of 75'000. Yes lost by 400'000 votes.
Did you feel my 3 word post didn't fully explore the housing crisis and explore the nuances of both sides of the debate?
The Crown Estate dates back to William the Conqueror. Not 1961. You've underestimated the age of the crown estate by about 900 years. Sounds like you're the one that needs to learn their history.
Something paying for 15% of your annual budget is not a bonus. It is fundamental. Saying our GDP per capita is "99% of the UK's without oil" is a meaningless attempt to distract attention. It's like saying our GDP per capita is 400% of Ethiopia's without oil. So what? Ethiopia doesn't spend as much as we do per capita.
Emotive advertising works better than rational stuff. John Lewis have been doing this for years and now every major retailer/supermarket/bank/bread/butter is trying to do it. Not everyone is as good at it though which is why you have Nationwide (who do their advertising in-house) writing nauseating scripts about a guy losing his scarf.
Plot twist. The new lloyds ad and John Lewis are done by the same people.
Sure, but that's not a trick. People aren't falling for something. Nobody is being deceived into buying a toaster from John Lewis.
How is it manipulative? Are film writers and song writers manipulating you by writing films and songs you enjoy?
How are they anymore sincere? They're ultimately doing it to earn a living too mostly. There's very little difference.
Manipulation is negative. But there's nothing manipulative about showing someone a nice film because you think they might like it and like you more for showing them, which is what advertising is ultimately.
&gt;Decades of pissing oil money away to prop up the London housing market instead of creating a sovereign wealth fund will do that to a country Why would the UK, a country where oil accounts for less than 1% of GDP need an oil fund?
It's not barely legal. It is completely legal. Advertising is heavily regulated. What you see on TV reflects that and is an ordinary function of a capitalist democracy. There is nothing wrong with people trying to sell their stuff.
I doubt that. Who watches advertising and doesn't understand that they are being sold to? I think you're massively overestimating the psychological trickery involved and massively underestimating the intelligence of the audience. Most of the time ad agencies just want to create cool shit and hope people like it.
Looks like he touched a nerve.
It's not propaganda though is it? Sounds like you're a little touchy that Nicola Sturgeon was a brief target.
Propaganda for what?
Absolutely.
She was stressing the need to focus on other revelations rather than allowing them to be lot in a sea of cheap pig gags whilst herself making cheap pig gags. It was a skit on political hypocrisy and because it featured Nicola Sturgeon you've gone off the deep end and accused the whole thing of being "propaganda".
That doesn't make it invalid. She doesn't stop being a hypocrite for encouraging people not to be distracted with cheap pig gags because she made her cheap pig gag a couple of weeks later. The skit is about political hypocrisy. It is not a "naked attempt to discredit the SNP". Calm yourself down.
She can make a wee ham joke if she likes. You're probably right and she thought a little hypocrisy was a price worth paying for the headlines it would have generated. But it's still hypocrisy and she's fair game for anyone pointing it out. And you are being touchy because it's an SNP figure. If it was a politician from another party being used as an example of political hypocrisy instead of Sturgeon then you wouldn't have batted an eyelid.
She said it was wrong that a series of ham jokes might get in the way of scrutiny of the real issues and then makes a very public ham joke. So she's a hypocrite. And you're wound up because you don't like some gentle piss-taking of a politician you support.
No. I didn't say anything about promises. I said the SNP's entire vision of an independent Scotland was predicated on a high oil price. I knew they couldn't promise a high oil price which is why I knew their vision of an independent Scotland was unfeasible. I was pretty vocal about that at the time.
No idea what point you were trying to make there.
That still makes absolutely no sense.
It's not ludicrous whilst you continue to sell x whilst y had happened.
I'm making perfect sense. You're rambling incoherently. It is perfectly acceptable to criticise hypothetical scenarios put forth by the SNP whilst they continue to put them forth as genuine alternatives. It's no different to criticising the business plan for a new business and that of an existing one.
Who said anything about not criticising what happens now? They are equally worthy of criticism.
Absolutely.
As far as I'm concerned it was a promise, albeit a promise that anyone with half a brain knew they couldn't keep. But I'm prepared to be proven wrong if you can find me a single example of the SNP conceding the promises set out in the White Paper were actually quite unlikely in the short term.
Of course it's relevant. Because people are still agitating for independence despite the fact we know now it would have been an unmitigated disaster.
Did that actually happen?
Those two statements aren't mutually exclusive.
Cumberland office of what?
We're not discussing that. We're discussing your claim that the SNP never made any promises on the oil price which I called you out on.
As far as I can see I've answered everything you've put to me. Seems to me like you can't defend your laughable claim that the SNP made no promises on the oil price and now you want to change the subject.
&gt;Nope, I've asked you numerous times if you're ever going to address the actual point of this article I already told you no. I only stopped by to call you out on your claim that the SNP didn't make any promises on the oil price.
You were the one that brought it up.
It's not true, as I've shown. Infact it's a laughable claim. If you don't like people calling you out when you post nonsense the don't post it. And if you can't defend that point then don't bother, nobody's forcing you.
Lol who's indignant? I'm not. You made a ridiculous claim, tried to defend it, and when you realised you couldn't you started insisting I'd gone off topic and needed to comment on the article rather than what you said. Now you're stringing it out because you don't want to back down but don't have anything to say.
You're doing it wrong. Whisky is an acquired taste. If you don't like it you'll never find one you do like. That'd be like saying you don't like football because you've tried watching all the teams and you didn't enjoy any of them. You have to learn to like it by continuing to drink it through the stage where you don't enjoy it. Same as with your first beers when you were 14
I don't think you understand what indignant means.
Actually the irony is you're the indignant one here in expressing annoyance in your belief the SNP are being unfairly treated, which is the definition of indignation. There's no hint of indignation in my comments which just call you out for being a liar, not that you are unfairly treating anybody.
Why?
&gt;Maybe you could explain why it's clever to force yourself to drink something that you don't like? So you can learn to enjoy it. Pays off in the long run.
&gt;I got the impression that the Yes campaign admitted during the debate that oil is volatile, Barely. Their stock response was that anyone who warned of oil prices falling was that they were "scaremongering" &gt;that it is the icing on the cake Which was wrong. &gt;that the GDP of Scotland without oil is strong Not anywhere near strong enough to sustain their white paper pledges. &gt;can be made stronger when we control all the economic levers, No lever on this earth could mitigate against a fall in oil prices in the short term to the extent that it would make the economy stronger. &gt;that we can reduce the spending side of the equation by not doing things the UK likes to do like buy nukes and bomb peasants ect. Not by anywhere near enough. That would be a drop in the ocean. &gt;People were saying independence would be hard but in the long run it would be better. No they weren't. People were talking about how Scotland would be one of the wealthiest countryies in the world. The Yes campaign sought to dismiss the idea that it would be hard at every opportunity. &gt;it is ludicrous to think that we have a massive deficit being part of the UK, therefore our best interests are served by being in the UK. Our deficit would be much, much larger if independent.
Who decides in which fields it is and isn't acceptable that you can pay to have an advantage?
How could that possibly work? Are we going to have a referendum on whether it's acceptable that you can pay for the advantage of a better car, or a faster internet connection?
I'm not sure what elections have to do with it. I'm just trying to understand when you say that under a "meritocratic system" it would be unacceptable to pay for an advantage. What does that mean?
Waddup. This is wonderful news.
That's not answering the question. In the fundamentally meritocratic society you're saying we should aspire to, what is and isn't it acceptable for wealth to determine? In your fundamentally meritocratic society can I pay more for faster internet speeds? Or is it not acceptable for wealth to determine that? How does it work?
Ok so in your fundamentally meritocratic society it is fine for wealth to determine if you can have an advantage with private healthcare, but you must have earned the money to pay for it yourself, and not have inherited it?
He's right when he says the North Sea Oil industry is "booming". It's just scaremongering to suggest otherwise.
Ok, now you're definitely avoiding the question. I am entirely familiar with the idea of a meritocracy. I'm asking you to explain why in a fundamentally meritocratic society it is unacceptable for me to have private health care. I haven't inherited private health care or the money to pay for it. I'm also asking what it is and isn't acceptable for wealth to determine in a fundamentally meritocratic society? Is my wealth allowed to determine whether I get a better internet connection, or better shoes, or better heathcare? Those are simple yes or no questions.
It's only dangerous if you misinterpret the response to be solely about the question of arts funding. I have no problem with arts funding. But anyone with half a brain can see this project has no artistic merit in it whatsoever. Glasgow is a vibrant cultural metropolis. She has picked perhaps the *easiest* place in Scotland to explore what it is like to not leave somewhere for a year - and it does not cost £15'000 to do so. I could have sympathy with the idea if she was taking herself off to a remote Hebridean island. But this is an absolute con. Let's take the question she poses: *"How would your career, social life, family ties, carbon footprint &amp; mental health be affected if you could not leave the city where you live?"* &gt;your career ...will be fine. You'd have to get an arts job in Glasgow of which there are plenty. There probably isn't a better city in Scotland in which to pursue an arts career. &gt;social life ...will be great. &gt;family ties ...will be great. Glasgow has excellent transport links. &gt;carbon footprint ...will be less. &gt;mental health ...will almost certainly be fine.
Don't forget BBC Alba.
What does "license fee going to rUK" mean?
What's an rUK BBC Service though? Other countries is a non-issue anyway. They pay less because they're not producing the stuff and buy it second hand.
That doesn't make much sense. If you're defining anything not made or produced by BBC Scotland as rUK content then by definition rUK content must include BBC Scotland output as it also represents everything not made by BBC Yorkshire in that region or everything not made by BBC Wales in that region. There is no such thing as rUK content. There is regional content and UK wide content. What Ireland pays is irrelevant. They don't pay the production cost and buy the content second hand on the open market.
That's not how market value works. Market value would be what Ireland would be prepared to pay whilst competing with another party for the exclusive right to watch the BBC content in question. We don't know what that price would be so whatever Ireland pays now, chances are it doesn't represent market value so it's no use comparing it with the full production cost. That'd be like me claiming the market value of the new Star Wars movie was £11.99 because that's what I was willing to pay to watch it in the cinema
As I've already explained we don't pay over the market price. You don't know what the market price is.
Yeh but it's worth pointing out his bullshit each time he posts it lest someone believes it.
A 1 bed flat in central London for £375'000? Lol
Because it costs more to produce your own content than it does to pay to watch other people's. That's why it cost Disney $200m to produce Star Wars. But it only cost me £11.99 to watch it.
I think you're missing the point. He does consider Scots as a language. What he's saying is that what you claim to be speaking when you "code-switch" is not Scots. It's a bastardised form of English that you're calling "Scots" so you can post-rationalise to yourself that you are bi-lingual. When you aren't.
They might well buy what they want. But that's not the same as what we get, which is what you originally claimed.
Whether you think it doesn't matter is irrelevant. The fact remains they don't get what we get. Your second point has already been explained to you. It costs more to produce a show than it does for one party to watch it. By your logic you're getting the complete output of BBC for £145.50 - output that costs millions to produce. Looks like you're getting a bargain.
So how much will they sell it to us for?
You're confused. What RTE buys includes content we've produced for £300m. I'm asking if we're no longer producing that content, who is offering to produce that £300m content so that they might sell it to us? And for how much?
They should probably just have a Scottish flag. If Burns night is culturally significant enough to high list then the Saltire is culturally significant to display. Same would go for any other sub-national festival. If there was a Bavarian festival is expect some Bavarian iconography to accompany it.
Great I look forward to the figures you've used to come to that conclusion.
Scrapping Trident wouldn't make a difference. But we should definitely be looking at getting fair tax revenues from those companies.
What did he mean?
That of a political party. Same as any other.
Ask the same question twice, get the same answer.
I'm not so sure it is common sense. England might be overwhelmingly Scotland's biggest import market but I'm not sure we represent their biggest export market. What about the USA and Germany?
It stockpiled the cash reserves in the years when it ran a surplus.
No not actual piles of cash.
RBS aren't telling people to sell to try and fix the problem. They're telling *their clients* to sell so they're not exposed to falls in the stock market.
Was it? I must have missed the part of the White Paper that explained what we'd do in the event the "notoriously hard to predict" resource that financed 50% of the budget turned out to be worth a lot less than they predicted it would.
Oh right, which parts of the White Paper putting forward a compelling case for independence didn't rely on the predicted oil price?
I think he might already have one.
It's not glee. It's relief that we're still part of the UK.
Well I guess to someone who's constantly whinging everyone else must look like they're really happy.
Because its spending is much higher - which in the event of independence would be financed in large part by the oil. And if the oil money isn't there, well you get the idea.
&gt;Those crying 'oils a volatile resource' did not know this was coming. By definition those crying oils a volatile resource knew it was coming. They just didn't know when. And it turns out it's come a lot sooner than anyone expected.
It's not my mother tongue. Dunno what he's talking about.
To offer a counter to his suggestion that Scots is "oor mither tongue". Sure as shit isn't mine.
What did you think people were talking about when we warned of oil volatility if it wasn't a drop in oil prices?
Saudi Market Manipulation is *absolutely* a part of oil volatility. This was exactly the kind of situation people were warning about and we've been proved absolutely right.
Could you translate the following into a "modern form of Scots"? *Cut 185g unsalted butter into smallish cubes and tip into a medium bowl. Break 185g best dark chocolate into small pieces and drop into the bowl. Fill a small saucepan about a quarter full with hot water, then sit the bowl on top so it rests on the rim of the pan, not touching the water. Put over a low heat until the butter and chocolate have melted, stirring occasionally to mix them. Now remove the bowl from the pan. Alternatively, cover the bowl loosely with cling film and put in the microwave for 2 minutes on High. Leave the melted mixture to cool to room temperature.*
Why not?
It's not because you don't actually speak "a modern form of Scots" and can't translate something as simple as a recipe for brownies?
Judging by how defensive you're getting, you're the one with the bias. It is not borderline retarded to suggest that Murray might overtake Djokovic in 2016, it's one of a number of perfectly reasonable possibilities of how 2016 might play out.
Meow.
Whatever you prefer. You're probably my most devoted disciple.
Than spending in the rest of the UK.
Yes it can. [Public expenditure per capita in Scotland is higher than the UK average. In 2013, Scotland's public spending per head was £12,300 and for the UK it was £11,000.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-24866266) Spending is higher in Scotland. Which is why it relied on oil in the event of independence - to fund that extra spending.
I assumed it was obvious we were talking per head as your original claim was that &gt;Scotland's economy is broadly similar to the UK's without the oil Which unless we've been talking per head from the outset, is clearly ludicrous.
Oil remains a central tenet of the argument. It's just that judging by some of the responses on this sub, a significant chunk of the pro-independence brigade are either in denial, or don't fully comprehend the implications of the oil price crash.
Depends on the price. If we were all going to become fabulously wealthy I might have done.
&gt;we
He probably can't afford the fine.
100%
Depends on the size of the majority. If it would vastly improve the quality of life of the poorest sections of society but wouldn't really impact me in the middle class I'd consider it too.
I'm not baffled by it. I know there are some idealists amongst you who will vote for an independent Scotland come hell or high water. But I also know that there's a significant chunk who are voting for independence based on a vision of an independent Scotland that is totally dependent on a stable and high oil price and which is totally unfeasible.
&gt; Our ability to enjoy the services we pay for now is reliant on Barnett, not oil. Correct. And in an independent Scotland, Barnett will not exist and so it will become reliant on oil. Scotland's vast potential for renewable technologies doesn't come close to replacing the loss of oil revenues.
&gt; How does it not? I didn't realise you knew so much about future renewable investment in Scotland too. Because it doesn't. I'm happy to be proved wrong though. If you can show me how much government revenue comes from renewable technologies and how this can offset the loss of oil revenue we'd have to deal with in the short term as an independent nation I'm happy to be proven wrong.
It's not being presented as the only possible motivation. It's being presented as an extremely significant motivation.
Now we're getting into game theory. It would depend entirely on the size of the net improvement relative to my personal loss.
If you don't know the numbers then how on earth are you able to claim that tax revenues from renewables will replace the lost tax revenues from oil that we're reliant on to fund our state spending in an independent Scotland?
I expensed a twix once. For a laugh. I'm not an MP though.
&gt; Many people understand that initially it's very likely that we'll be worse off in the short term, pretty much everyone understands that and admits it Absolutely not. The Yes campaign sought at every opportunity to dismiss the idea that Scotland would be in anyway worse off in the short-term, and regularly were we told we'd be one of the richest nations on earth. It's only now with a devastating and obvious oil crash and independence off the agenda for some years that people have begun to concede that "we'd be worse off in the short-term" as if this was something they'd been admitting all along.
It sounds like you don't have a general knowledge of either. [The best estimates have renewables generating maybe £400m for the Scottish Government.](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/scottish-independence-blog/2014/apr/08/scotland-scottish-green-energy-taxes) Oil revenues by contrast were worth about **£11bn** using the figures on which the White Paper based it's budget for an independent Scotland on. So unless you think the renewables sector is somehow going to become 28 times more valuable in the next few years *it doesn't even come close to replacing the oil money.*
Saying we would face challenges is not the same as admitting we'd be "worse off in the short-term."
This is great. Take that Tunnocks!
To be honest your quotes are pretty good at supporting my point. &gt; We are one of the wealthiest nations in the world. &gt;I think Scotland will be a more prosperous. You didn't hear the Yes campaign admitting we'd be worse off in the short-term because it never happened. Nobody was prepared to admit in the short-term Scotland would be worse off. That's a post-rationalised invention now the oil has plummeted.
&gt;Danny Alexander, Chief Secretary to the Treasury, announced that each “man, woman and child” in Scotland would benefit from a £1400-a-year “UK dividend” for the next 20 years. But his “fourteen hundred reasons” to stay in the UK were diminished by Alex Salmond who said households would reap a £2,000 windfall, or £1,000 per person, over the next 15 years after independence. The SNP leader based his calculation on a pledge that the Scottish economy would be £5bn bigger by 2029-30. The SNP claimed that Scotland could “start life as an independent country with strong and sustainable public finances.” In a statement it said: “On all key fiscal measures forecast by the Scottish Government, Scotland’s finances in 2016-17 will be similar to, or stronger than, both the UK and the G7 industrialised countries as a whole.” http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/10860791/Both-sides-claim-Scots-will-be-thousands-of-pounds-richer-after-referendum.html In the run up to the referendum. The SNP were actively dismissing the idea that we'd be worse off, and suggesting we'd be in a "similar or stronger" position immediately post-independence. Well they were wrong and we wouldn't be. Nobody was admitting or even conceding there was a chance that we'd be worse off in the short-term.
Wesminster is plowing billions of pounds into Scotland as we speak. The money that we've lost in oil revenue has just been replaced with tax revenue from the rest of the United Kingdom which is why spending in Scotland hasn't had to be cut by the amount we've lost in oil revenue. It is absolutely staggering that people still cannot understand this.
How much investment and how long is it going to take to develop renewables to the point they generate as much money as oil? And what do we do to pay for stuff in the meantime?
If the econonomic mix of today is likely to have a materially detrimental effect on the population then it should absolutely be a basis on which to form an opinion on constitutional matters.
Really? [North Sea Oil Revenue has fallen by billions](http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/21/north-sea-tax-revenues-plummet-negative-first-time-history) since 2011. In the [same period](http://www.gov.scot/Publications/2013/03/1859) spending in Scotland has [increased by £2bn](http://www.gov.scot/Publications/2015/03/1422) Every pound lost in oil tax revenue has been directly replaced with tax revenue from the rest of the UK. Why do you think Scotland hasn't had to make billions of pounds of cuts?
We're not dependent on oil if we're in the UK.
Which part?
to remain part of the UK.
lol I'm a white supremacist now?
It's not impossible to do this. We are not in an economic catastrophe that is in any sense comparable to what we would experience if we had gone independent at this oil price and the sooner you comprehend that the better.
Alternate realities? We were supposed to have gone independent in about 2 months time and the oil price has hit rock bottom. That isn't an alternate reality. That is reality. We can say exactly what would have happened if we'd been independent - an economic catastrophe.
Oh right you reckon if we voted Yes the oil price wouldn't have dropped?
It may not have dropped? Why might it not have dropped if we'd voted yes?
Not as much as it would have done if we were independent.
No I don't but I'm happy to be proved wrong if you can find a single example of someone in the Yes campaign admitting we'd be worse off in the short term before the referendum. I don't know what polls you think you're looking at they have anything to do with whether people are admitting we'd be worse off in the short term.
lol you said nothing. Nobody was admitting we'd be worse off in the short-term. If you want an official statement try the White Paper which budgetted for oil to finance 15% of state spending. That's called being reliant. I've checked the poll in this thread and it doesn't mention anything about being worse off so I don't know whether you can't read or you're just deliberately making stuff up that you wan't to see, but these polls don't have anything to do with whether people are admitting we'd be worse off in the short-term.
Yeh it did. It said it when it budgeted for oil to finance 15% of state spending. Which is called being reliant.
Well if I'm such a wee liar it should be easy for you to find loads of examples of the Yes campaign or yourself admitting before the referendum that we'd be worse off in the short-term.
Just a little reminder here. You are the one claiming that you have always admitted we'd be worse off in the short-term. I'm just asking you to show me. Because I don't believe you. We both know you're lying. You never used to admit we'd be worse off in the short-term.
You're getting yourself confused. How you voted is the other comment chain. This comment chain is about you lying you've always admitted that independence would leave Scotland worse off in the short term.
That's not deceptive. That's a real link showing that you were actively talking about oil before the referendum. Which is funny because now the oil price has crashed you're trying to pretend you've never cared about oil.
Kinda sounds like you care more about oil than you're admitting.
I'm not going to post the whole thing. That 1 comment shows that you definitely cared about oil before the referendum. It's only now the oil price has crashed you're trying to pretend you never care about oil. Haha, you've been caught red handed you little toe-rag!
How have I misled? You said you didn't care about oil, and there you are in black and white clearly caring about it.
You said you didn't care about oil and there you are clearly caring about it. In black and white. The context of the conversation changes nothing.
The Saudis flooded the oil market to disrupt US shale gas. It had absolutely nothing to do with Scotland voting Yes or No and a Yes vote would have changed nothing.
Yes/No had absolutely no impact on the Saudi decision to flood the market and lower the oil price.
You mean continuator state, not successor state and it is impossible for Scotland to be the continuator state in the EU. Scots are not EU citizens. British citizens are EU citizens whilst Britain is a member state.
It's not an odd comment. Some people misinterpret "Scots are all EU citizens" to mean that their EU citizenship is independent of their British citizenship. Which it isn't.
I love that angle. Great balance of the angles you see from behind the court and the speed you see from the side.
&gt;Rottmann was a case of loss of citizenship conferred by naturalisation, after it came to light that the naturalisation had been obtained by fraud. In this case, Rottmann, an Austrian citizen, had failed to reveal that he had been the subject of unconcluded criminal proceedings in Austria when seeking naturalisation in Germany. Rottmann raised issues of EU law in his appeal against the deprivation decision before the German administrative courts, which led to a reference to the Court of Justice. He pointed out that having obtained German citizenship he lost Austrian citizenship, by operation of law. **Thus, if he were deprived of German citizenship he would be stateless, and – furthermore – he would have lost his EU citizenship.** You can read all about the Rottman case. There have been others too. [Fill your boots](http://eudo-citizenship.eu/commentaries/citizenship-forum/citizenship-forum-cat/1268-the-return-of-banishment-do-the-new-denationalisation-policies-weaken-citizenship?showall=&amp;start=13)
Yes I know that. The point is you said there was "no mechanism for removing EU citizenship from existing citizens." And I've just shown you one. You'll also note that the court is reiterating that EU citizenship is conditional on being a citizen of a **member state**. If the country of which you are a citizen is no longer a member state then you are no longer an EU citizen.
It is absolutely clear and solid. And I'll explain why. 1) The EU will almost certainly follow international law, in deciding who to recognise as the continuator state, which is the part with the majority of the landmass and population - i.e. the rUK. So Scotland will not inherit the UK treaty. 2) Maybe you think they'll ignore that and recognise an independent Scotland as "the UK" and inherit the UK treaty. Well that wouldn't work because the rest of the world will undoubtedly recognise rUK as "the UK" and the EU would not want to recognise a different UK to the rest of the world. 3) Maybe you think they'll still recognise rUK as "the UK" but they'll let us inherit the UK's treaty. That is just ludicrous because that would mean Scotland getting the same amount of MEPs as the UK does now. 4) Maybe you think they'll let Scotland inherit the UK treaty but change all the provisions so it's fit for Scotland. Well that would be almost functionally identical to Scotland applying as a new member. There is a 0% possibility that Scotland will inherit the UK's position as a member state of the EU. It is not messy and negotiable, it is absolutely clear. &gt;Also no one has left the EU, so there is no way to remove citizenship from the individual members. This is just completely false. There is means to remove EU citizenship from people and it has been done before.
If the UK left the EU your UK/British nationality would no longer confer EU citizenship because the UK is no longer a member state.
It most certainly is. &gt; **as a result of withdrawal of his nationality** nevertheless comes within the ambit of European Union law. In fact, **the person concerned in this way loses the status of citizen of the Union** conferred by Article 20 of the TFEU, Rottman lost his EU citizenship because he no longer held the nationality of a member state.
I don't think we're going round in circles. I think you wrongly claimed there was no mechanism for the removal of EU citizenship and I've shown you a real life example of someone having his EU citizenship removed. Having provided my source, I'd challenge you to provide a source explaining how someone could be an EU citizen without holding the nationality of a member state. Which I'll bet you can't do, because you're probably regurgitating soundbites from the Wee Blue Book and don't have a clue what you're talking about.
There is plenty of precedent. It is already very well established in EU law that to hold EU citizenship you must first hold the nationality of a member state. Article 20 (1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union[14] states that: &gt;"Citizenship of the Union is hereby established. **Every person holding the nationality of a Member State shall be a citizen of the Union**. Citizenship of the Union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship." From the outset it was established that you can only be an EU citizen if you hold the nationality of a "*member state*. Furthermore Rottman makes absolutely clear that if you lose nationality of a member state that would have the effect of losing the status of an EU citizen. &gt;In fact, the person concerned in this way loses the status of citizen of the Union conferred by Article 20 of the TFEU. There is absolutely no mechanism for British nationals to remain EU citizens if the UK was to leave the EU because British nationality would no longer be considered the nationality of a member state. The reason we're leaving it here is because you don't have a source for your suggestion that we could continue being EU citizens despite not holding the nationality of a member state. Because you don't know what you're talking about or even where to begin looking. So cheerio I suppose.
Amending the UK treaty so that the provisions related solely to an independent Scotland would requite the unanimous approval of every other member state and would be functionally identical to a new application. I've already probed BesottedScot wrong when we wrongly claimed there was no mechanism to remove EU citizenship by providing a real life example of someone having their EU citizenship removed. The means to remove EU citizenship en masse is quite simple. If the member state leaves then it's nationals no longer hold the nationality of a member state and are therefore no longer EU citizers. EU citizenship is *conditional* on having the nationality of a member state.
What do you think successor state means?
Scotland isn't going to have continuing state status. Scotland cannot "continue" as a legal member state it will have ton become a new member state. British nationals will hold EU citizenship for aslong as Britain remains in the EU. Scottish citizens will only have EU citizenship from the point that Scotland joins the EU,
There is absolutely no question that Scotland has to join the EU. It is not enough for the EU to recognise Scotland as a national personality. Scotland must become a member state before Scottish citizens would be EU citizens. Those who continue to hold British citizenship will continue as EU citizens for aslong as the UK remains in the EU.
What do you think the difference is between joining "as an outsider" and joining some other way?
I think it came out of all the nats getting chippy about being referred to as "nats" and thought they were getting their own back by labelling us "yoons". That that quislings!
Yes I can. But it makes no difference. These realities might make the process of joining easier. But it doesn't change the process. A treaty will be drawn up and require the unanimous approval of every other member. Until that time an independent Scotland will not be an EU member.
Not necessarily. It depends totally on the timing. In order for citizenship to continue uninterrupted. An independent Scotland must become a member state before the UK left. That way the EU citizenship conferred via Scottish citizenship would overlap with the EU citizenship conferred via British citizenship. If the UK was to leave the EU before an independent Scotland managed to join then people will lose their EU citizenship as there will be a period when neither the UK or Scotland is a member state.
Definitely. God Save the Queen is dreadful. Change the Scottish national anthem whilst we're at it, which is also crap.
Citizens of an independent Scotland wouldn't be EU citizens until an independent Scotland became a member state. British citizens would lose their EU citizenship the moment the UK ceased to be a member state of the EU.
I think we've already established you're not aware of much. The Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. Article 20(1) is the relevant source that specifies you must be a national of a member state to hold EU citizenship. Do you have a source that suggests otherwise?
Yes it does. It specifies that you are only an EU citizen if you hold the nationality of a member state. Which would exclude people who hold the nationality of a state that is not a member state. If you want to argue otherwise that it's possible to hold EU citizenship without holding the nationality of a member state I'd love to see your source for that. Presumably it'd be somewhere in case law or the treaties themselves.
That's not really answering the question. You're just parroting the same phrases you don't really understand. What do you mean by Scottish citizens keeping their EU citizenship? There are no such thing as Scottish citizens. Do you mean British citizens? Their EU citizenship is entirely dependent on the UK remaining in the EU.
The stability and strength of the UK is evident in the billions of pounds of cuts or borrowing that Scotland does not need to make as a result of the plunge in oil price. Because that hole is being shouldered by the UK as a whole.
I understand completely, you are confused because you think you are arguing that rUK cannot legislate away Scots EU citizenship. Which is a fundamental misunderstanding of what is happening. If Scotland becomes independent, until it has joined the EU in it's own right the only way Scottish people will have EU citizenship is through their British citizenship (excluding people who hold the citizenship of another EU state) If Britain leaves the EU then those British citizens will no longer have EU citizenship until Scotland joins the EU in it's own right and they qualify for EU citizenship through their Scottish citizenship. If at any point neither an independent Scotland or the UK are an EU member state then we will all lose our EU citizenship.
Now you're just rambling incoherently. A treaty amendment is exactly the mechanism of withdrawal. The EU treaies would be amended to remove the UK. At which point British citizens would cease to be EU citizens. That would include Scots if Scotland hadn't already joined as a member state in it's own right by that point.
That most certainly is a mechanism. If (X) then (Y). If the (EU treaties are amended to remove the UK) then (the UK is no longer a member state). If (the UK is no longer a member state) then (UK nationals are no longer EU citizens) EU Citizenship is not one directional as I have already established by pointing out that people can and have lost their EU citizenship before. So that argument is dead in the water.
What do you think a legal mechanism is? That is the legal process by which the UK would leave the EU. That is *the* mechanism. &gt;The granting of citizenship is one directional, that does not mean it's eternal Either it's one directional or it isn't. If it's not eternal and it can be removed then it's not one directional. &gt;but still there is no existing mechanism in law for mass stripping of citizenship. Yes there is. There is the member state leaving the EU, enmasse it's citizens would cease to be EU citizens. &gt;How long have you been practising folk law? I got my degree about 7 years ago. What's your qualification?
Is what legal process specified in law? Will what have to be negotiated? &gt;The conferring is specified by a treaty clause, but there is no specification of a process of withdrawal. It is one directional, but not eternal. If both cases were determined that would be bidirectional, see? This is just meaningless jargon. "one directional but not eternal" is not a legal term. To qualify for EU citizenship you must hold the nationality of a member state. The moment you do not have nationality of a member state you are no longer an EU citizen, as has been recognised by the courts. It doesn't matter if you used to be a national of a member state. Your EU citizenship is not eternal. It exists only for as long as you hold the nationality of a member state. &gt;There is nothing that states if a state leaves the EU all its citizens will lose their EU citizenship. See above. The EU specificies in the TEFU that only nationals of member states hold EU citizenship. And the courts have further recognised that people who are no longer nationals of a member state no longer hold EU citizenship. Nationals of a state that leaves the EU are no longer nationals of a member state and thus no longer hold EU citizenship.
I'm not really interested in the logic of directionality seeing as it has nothing to do with the law in this situation. &gt;people who are no longer nationals of a member state &gt;Nationals of a state that leaves the EU are no longer nationals of a member state Are the same. The second is just one practical example of the first. Other examples might be renouncing your citizenship of a member state, or losing your citizenship of a member state. &gt;Try this: &gt;If everyone in this room gets a biscuit they do not have the biscuit taken off them when they leave the room. &gt;If everyone who stays in this room gets a biscuit they do have the biscuit taken from them when they leave the room. &gt;The TFEU(20) is of the first form. Not the second. Conferred upon vs contingent upon. TFEU(20) is the **second** form. That's why when people have lost their citizenship of a member state (i.e. they have not stayed in the room) they have lost their EU citizenship also (i.e. they have had the biscuit taken from them) EU Citizenship is **contingent** upon holding the nationality of a member state.
That difference is irrelavent. People who lose the citizenship of a member state are no longer EU citizens. How they lose that citizenship of a member state is immaterial here. &gt;The rulings are for individual EU citizens changing their relationship to their home state, not a state changing its relationship to the EU. There are no rulings on that. No the rulings are on EU citizens losing their citizenship of a member state and whether that meant they lost their EU citizenship also. The court ruled *that it did*. How they lose their citizenship of a member state doesn't matter. Whether that's because they have their citizenship stripped, or whether their citizenship is no longer of a member state. To use your previous example again. EU citizenship is **contingent** on having the citizenship of a member state.
Does the vest go on under the t-shirt? Are we talking one of those singlets, then with a t-shirt on top?
&gt; How does a state leave the EU? Notifies the EU Council of it's intention to leave. Treaties are amended to reflect that and cease to apply. &gt;Could a government decide to remove it's state without asking the electorate? Depends on the constitution of the state in question. In the UK's case, yes it could. &gt;That's why we're having referendum, because the EU may have a responsibility to stop a nation state leaving the EU without consent of the state's citizens. The EU has no power to stop a nation state leaving the EU. &gt;Can't you see the difference between a train pulling away from a station and a station pulling away from a train? There is no difference in law in this situation. The outcome is the same. Citizens would no longer hold the citizenship of a member state and would therefore no longer hold EU citizenship.
What do you mean by successor state?
Scots is an antique language that nobody really speaks anymore. Some of the posters on here have an affectation where they like to take English, spell out some of the words to read more phonetically like a scottish accent, then call that "Scots" so that they can claim to be bilingual. But they're not really speaking Scots.
Also the high streets fucked because half the shops only open 9-6 so you're fucked if you have a day job. This isn't the 50s where everyone's wife had the whole day to run errands.
&gt; Waiting for all the people saying it should be more - as they did when Wings was fined. Did they?
&gt; My issue was that this article was written about a blog post with the hint that it is a peer reviewed research publication No it didn't. It just said "research from Lucy Hunter Blackburn" which is exactly what it is.
What they're selling it to RTE us irrelavent. Until they offer to sell it to us you don't have a point. And I think it unlikely that having cut £300m from their budget they'll agree to cover the cost themselves and then sell it to us for £30m.
&gt;So your answer to why Scots should continue to spend 14-15 times more for the same programmes that other's spend is because otherwise they might not be made? You've answered your own question. Because otherwise they might not be made. And it's not Scotland, it's the whole of the U.K.
&gt;I'm proposing we do a little cost benefit analysis here, Well go ahead and do it then.
There was a guy who won some years ago and lost his ticket. They saw him on CCTV buying the ticket and were satisfied he had bought the winning ticket but couldn't pay out because he didn't have it.
You're trying to tell us that the Falklands are already secretly governed in a power sharing deal with the Argentinians?
I didn't say anything about the future of the Falkland Islands. I'm laughing at the absurdity of your original suggestion that there is *already* a secret power sharing deal.
It is the dumbest idea I have ever heard on Reddit. A secret power sharing deal? How would you keep that secret? Why would the UK bother? Why would Argentina keep it secret? You want to take a look at yourself before you accuse others of naivety.
Oh right, so when the article said Jeremy Corbyn was proposing a power sharing arrangement, and you said you wouldn't be surprised if that's "what is actually happening" you didn't mean a power sharing deal? So what is it that you wouldn't be surprised is actually happening then?
So what is it that you meant when you said you wouldn't be surprised if that's "what is actually happening". What is it that is actually happening?
The solution is things remain as they are. Why would the UK need to make any concessions at this point?
Trade embargoes by whom?
Significantly less than the deficit an independent Scotland would be facing.
Andrew Castle on the BBC once commented that the stands were "dripping with love" for Roger Federer at a WTF
You're not using a primary school and it isn't costing the government money to give you a primary school education. So it's not really the same.
Harming the Scottish Government by forcing them to make the aforementioned difficult decisions when they'd rather blame Westminster?
How is the Scottish Government having its hands tied behind its back?
He needs to win 60% of the 5 sets.
Fucking train your cat you filthy savage.
&gt;Did you consider any of the reasons why someone might choose to stay in their pajamas? like what?
Why would anxiety or insomnia compel you to wear pyjamas? And how many washing machines are breaking down? It's bullshit. 90% of these people are just lazy.
Not sure that's an excuse.
Because it's fucking lazy and sets a bad example to the kids.
It is the definition of lazy. They're wearing pyjamas because they can't be bothered changing out of the clothes they slept in and into something clean. It says to the kids that school is not an institution that is worthy of even the 2 mins of effort it takes to get dressed. That's setting a bad example.
Neither of these are explaining why noticeable numbers of parents are turning up in pyjamas. The explanation in that vast majority of cases is laziness.
A bunch of smug milk monitors didn't make it less effort to not get dressed. It's a bad example because it's fucking lazy. It has nothing to do with smug milk monitors.
I haven't decided anything. They decided they couldn't be bothered to get dressed.
If I couldn't be bothered to get dressed for school then I'd be lazy too. Correct.
It's not even Federer. It's just Novak. I'd say big four era culminated in 2012 and ended in 2013 really.
Because it's lazy. Which in a school context is not ideal.
Parents are role models. By not getting dressed it tells the kids that the institution is literally not worth the 2 mins of effort it takes to get dressed. It undermines the importance of the school to the child.
It's lazy not to change clothes because changing clothes takes effort, and being unwilling to put in that effort makes you lazy. I don't know where you got the idea that my logic was circular. Im not unwilling to concede that pyjama wearers have made a rationale decision rather than being lazy either. You just haven't presented one that I believe. I don't believe that there is an epidemic of washing machine breakdowns for example.
Well the headmistress obviously does and I think she's well within her rights, and in this case entirely correct, to bring it up.
Don't get yourself so worked up. My argument is predicated on the idea that turning up to school in pyjamas is lazy and sets a bad example. It has nothing to do with class. Your background is irrelevant.
No it doesn't mean people have to listen to her. They can continue being lazy slobs if they like. But plenty of people in this thread are outraged that she even had the nerve to bring it up. Which she is *well entitled* to do as an educator of the children and an authority figure in the school.
I think I've already explained 3 or 4 times now that it sets a bad example because it says to the child that school is not worth the effort for the parent to get dressed. Maybe if you actually read the posts rather than working yourself up into a hysterical frenzy about a class argument that I'm not making.
That's put an interesting spin on things!
&gt;Christ, your idea that "one must get dressed" is bollocks. It's lazy &gt; it's a bad example &gt; it's lazy &gt; it's a bad example &gt; ad infinitum. I said it set's a bad example because it's lazy. I didn't say it's lazy because it set's a bad example. So that circular argument you thought you were clever pointing out bears no relation to what I'm actually saying. &gt;Mummy, why isn't Jade's mum allowed to wear her pyjamas? Because us middle-class fuckers say so Calm down dear. It has nothing to do with class. If it makes you feel better I'm sure there are plenty of lazy upper class twits who aren't getting dressed in the morning either.
&gt; I never said she was not entitled to do so, Then what are you complaining about?
I'm not sure "formal" means everything above pyjamas.
Jeans and a tshirt would be pretty practical for the school run.
Go with what you like. You know I'm right unless you think that all these people turning up to school in pyjamas are actually sleeping naked, waking up and thinking "i'll put a fresh pair of pyjamas on to go outside".
It's not really the pyjamas that are the problem. It's turning up wearing the clothes you slept in. Which are usually pyjamas.
I like his all black outfits too. The all-black French Open outfit from a few years ago was quality.
&gt;Not on its own. But maybe they do think that, and along with other things they didn't like, now support Scottish independence. No not on it's own. Which is why this poll doesn't really tell you anything. If it was a poll of a bunch of social attitudes that demonstrated significant differences I'd agree with you. But we already have that in the British Social Attitudes Survey and it [shows that Scotland isn't really that different at all.](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/scotland-blog/2015/mar/26/three-things-the-latest-british-social-attitudes-survey-tells-us-about-scotland)
I'm implying nothing if the sort and you've totally missed the point. What the BSAS is supposed to show is that on a range of social topics Scotland thinks similarly to the rest of the UK. Which lends credence to the suspicion that the difference in the perception of the British Empire is not because Scotland thinks differently than the rest of the UK, but because it's a politically sensitive topic that a section of the population who are pro-independence are predisposed to view in negative terms. In short, it's not because of what the empire did that causes these people to view it negatively; it's because it's British. I suspect you'll see a similar phenomenon in Northern Ireland.
When I was a student the queue for the girls toilet in Potterow was a good 45 mins. The gents was maybe 5, if there even was a queue, which usually, there wasn't. They're all having a wee chat in their, taking fucking ages. Imagine if they had access to all the loos! Pandemonium. Keep the mens loos for the men.
Why would you need female sanitary products in the mens? I don't get it.
When they were renovating Embankment station they took some of the platform wall panels off and revealed the walls behind which still had some posters on it. You could see them when the train drove through slowly and there was one for the cinema release of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
Or just get off the train and have a piss on the platform. It seems unlikely you would allow yourself to piss yourself on a packed commuter train.
Of course they wouldn't reschedule.
His logic is that by making rape legal on private property you're removing any ambiguity around consent by making the act of voluntarily entering someone's private property defacto consenting to everything that happens sexually thereafter. It's mad but that's the logic.
Because they don't need it and the money could be better spent providing a safety net for those who do? It's not supposed to be a savings account.
Yes and now the scheme should be rolled back so that it provides pensions only to those in need.
Not as stupid as cutting benefits for the genuinely needy whilst continuing to provide pocket money for wealthy pensioners.
Pay in extra taxes for what?
If we were to means test the state pension and then divert those funds and it still wasn't enough I'd happily pay more tax.
I don't think he's thought it through.
I just said I'd happily pay more. What point are you trying to make here?
Is there something about "pensioners are now the wealthiest demographic in the country" that is confusing you? I am definitely not wealthier than the pensioners who i'm suggesting lose the state pension.
I don't have to be wealthy I just have to be prepared to pay it. Pensioners are now wealthier than the rest of the population. That's how wealthy they are.
Id say anyone with a personal income higher than the median.
Anyone with a personal income *above the median.*
Maybe you should google the median annual income for pensioners in the UK then.
The median is a pretty simple concept. If you're too thick to understand what the median is then you shouldn't really be arguing it.
I said you thought you'd presented me with a quandry. Not that I'd presented you with one. You need to listen to what I'm saying otherwise you're going to get yourself confused. I earn the median income for a working age member of the population - £384 per week. I want to remove the state pension for pensioners who personally earn above the median income for a pensioner. In 2015 that was £398 a week. That is your answer.
How many times has Murray hit the net now?
That's the funny thing. He's actually got some of the fastest feet on the tour, but the way he walks *looks* really sluggish.
&gt;You pay less in taxes than the amount you receive from the state Source?
What was that face from Murray?!
Oh right. You mean you can't source it because it isn't true?
Well that's a bit rude. Have I touched a nerve?
I don't think you're really in a position to accuse other people of being pathetic for being on reddit when you're on reddit yourself. Not sure you thought this one through.
I've got plenty of money thanks.
Well I suppose it depends on your definition of plenty doesn't. Alan Sugar's a billionaire. I'd say he has plenty of money and yet you think we should be cutting benefits for the poorest in society so we can give him a state pension.
How many times are you going to say goodbye without actually leaving?
I'm not a troll. I'm just someone you disagree with but can't work out how to argue against. Which is why you've resorted to calling me snivelling and pathetic rather than make an intellectual argument.
Murray needs to come to the net so much more.
I'm watching on eurosport through my xbox which has aussie commentators. But when I watch it through my laptop I get brit commentators.
If it's s perspective of the present you're looking at then there's no big 3 either. It's just Novak. The term "big 4" described an era when those 4 players were consistently comprising the semi-finalists of nearly every term. For much of the big 4 era Djokovic only had 1 slam to his name.
Big 4 described an era when the four players were contesting the semis of nearly every tournament and culminated in 2012 when they each won one. I don't know what point you're trying to make? That the 2010-2014 era was better characterised by Roger/Novak/Rafa winning the grand slams? It's too late, you lost that argument years ago when people started calling it the big 4. And it's not even true. Murray won as many slams as Federer did in 2010-2014.
Who's a more reliable news source at present?
&gt; Surely the definition of failure is not succeeding... He didn't say Scotland wouldn't succeed. He said it'd succeed less than if it was part of the UK. &gt;Well there is the 6% of GDP (same as defence) which the UK spends on interest to serve its massive deficit to start with Neither defence spending, nor spending on interest is 6% of UK GDP. Your figures are completely wrong.
Ofcourse you disagree. It's easier to accuse the BBC of bias than respond to criticisms of independence they publish.
You are an SNP supporter who has an agenda to discredit and undermine the BBC. Hence you posted the following: &gt;will the BBC report on this more or less than it has been reporting on the tory election fraud? You are trying to imply here, that they will report on the Natalie McGarry case, more than Tory electoral fraud because they are biased against the SNP. However, now that you've been shown the extensive coverage given to Tory electoral fraud you were trying to wriggle out of your original comment, by claiming the issue is more "nuanced". Utterly transparent.
I dreamt last night Murray won the first set 7-0.
If we're going to make an exception to the visa rules can we do it for someone genuinely in need and not a PR-able middle class white couple who would be perfectly comfortable in their home country of Australia?
As i understand it, no they didn't. They came here on her student-visa. They intended to transfer onto a different visa once she finished but it was cancelled before they had the chance.
Whether you agree with it or not is irrelevant. It has been removed and you can't make an exception for one couple just because they're white, middle class and called their son Lachlan.
Very early in his career, like 2005, he was drop-shotting all the time. Like every rally.
Nice try Jason Zielsdorf.
Sounds like they're being pretty effective on this occasion to me.
&gt; They know and you know damn well that the SNP supported a higher rate UK general election and the retention of higher rate thresholds at the Hollywood election So what? The question on the table *now* is will they support a higher rate of tax in Scotland, or will they side with the Tories? This isn't playing games. This is called politics.
Don't think it makes a difference really.
They're both true. "SNP does what's in its manifesto" is just your spin on it. "SNP sides with the Tories" is mine.
&gt;hence my reply to Mr Alisaskari that he knew not of which he spoke. Sounds like I knew exactly what I was talking about... &gt;being an auld Leftie *may* vote them again **post**-independence Regardless of what they do you're not prepared to countenance the idea of voting Labour currently because you're ideologically committed to independence. Exactly like I suggested.
These guys are great and based near Kings Cross. Don't be put off by the [dated website](http://www.kilts4all.com) and slightly tacky name, the quality is top class and the service us second to none. The guy who runs it clearly loves what he does. https://www.facebook.com/Kilts4all/
He was talking to himself. Told himself to stop rushing the points.
Or walk along the platform to the right carriage?
You can't ensure there's always enough seating unless you get rid of open tickets.
Yes. Very easily.
Please tell me you didn't follow his suggestion.
I commute 4 days a week during rush hour in London and make at least 2 virgin east coast journeys a week. Occasionally I take a virgin west coast service too (today's example). So I'm pretty confident your suggestion that people find it impossible to walk 50m down the platform to the right carriage is *complete nonsense*. The reason people get on the wrong carriage is because they're morons who can't read the signs.
It's really just a legacy title now.
Was it? And what does it say?
It is. The reasons the term were invented are not true anymore.
How not? What's Nadal's recent record?
It's a legal technique from the days before pictures to avoid people with the same name arguing they've been defamed. There's potentially a few other Natalie McGarrys, but it's less likely any of them are 34. They often include a profession for the same reason.
The big 4 was a thing when Novak only had 1 slam.
Scotland doesn't have wishes. Voters have wishes.
They do. You're just particularly sensitive to criticism of the Scottish Government because you support the SNP and have thus developed the skewed perception that they're criticised more. Happy to help.
&gt; There's a slight possibility they could get independence before Brexit went through and we'd continue being EU members. You cannot "continue". If independence occurred before Brexit all that would happen is that Scotland would be applying to be a new member before the UK left.
Complete nonsense, you won't find a single example of me claiming the UK Government is held to account more than the Scottish Government. And that isn't ironic.
What's this got to do with the Labour? The question is do the "British media" - not the "BBC" - hold the UK Government to account as much as they do the Scottish Government and the answer to that question is emphatically yes. &gt;Maybe it's because you're biased towards the SNP that you've developed a skewed perception they're not criticised enough. I don't have that perception and have never expressed it. So no.
&gt;But you knew that. That was clear to everyone, yourself included. You just chose to interpret my wording in the most literal possible terms in order to go 'naw you'. Lol, at no point have I made a "naw you" argument. *You* were the one that made a "naw you" argument by replying to my suggestion that OP had a skewed perception with the suggestion that I was the one with the skewed perception. *That's* a "naw you" argument. What I said to you was that you were talking rubbish. That's not a "naw you" argument. That's just a "naw" argument.
Sorry, which perception are you accusing me of having?
No, I need you to clarify what perception you're accusing me of having here: &gt;I don't imagine you would express it since you are unaware you have it. Because you get confused easily and I suspect you're not clear yourself. What perception am I unaware that I have?
London makes up 13% of the population. Is their representation irrelevant?
&gt;There are statistics that show that irrespective of how Scotland votes in any one Westminster election, it has made zero impact on the government that has ended up getting a majority Those statistics are wrong. Scottish votes directly impact the government every election by impacting the size of its majority or whether it gets a majority at all.
&gt;How about "which party forms the majority", then? Scotland impacts that too by virtue of who we send to Westminster. &gt;Take the most recent Westminster election: even if every Scottish seat was Labour, we'd still have this Tory majority. That's true of everywhere in the UK, including large chunks of England, that didn't vote Conservative. Not just Scotland.
&gt;Yes, and in political unions the political entities are also treated on an equal footing most of the time. Can you give an example of where you're talking about?
How does the semantics of "nations" or "regions" affect the number or voting ability of your MPs? It doesn't because it's completely irrelevant.
Who says the policy is designed for London?
&gt; Maybe not specifically for London but for places that have too much immigration. Says who?
That's just because nearly all your posts are wrong.
How do you know it isn't designed to provide an appropriate balance of reducing immigration whilst providing enough immigrants for places that could do with them?
&gt; If you have evidence for this I may reconsider my views. Do you have evidence that it's designed solely for places that want to reduce immigration?
&gt; As I said, maybe immigration policy was designed with the needs of the highlands in mind and not for political reasons. However, the evidence I have leads me to believe otherwise. What evidence?
OK, what's the electoral difference then?
It's not a conversation about countries. It's a conversation about population size and voting, which you're trying to frame as a conversation about countries.
&gt; I think we should view Top Gear now as a new show and let it succeed or fail on it's own merits. That's kind of the point. They haven't made a new show. They've recreated the old one and it's much worse.
Analogy still works. It's totally comparable.
Convincing yourself that the SNP haven't been continuing to advance the cause of independence for the past 20 months and therefore static support is good must be from the Scot Goes Pop school of polling analysis.
&gt; For the last 20 months there has been no promotion of the cause of Independence. [I believe with all my heart that Scotland should be an independent country. - Nicola Sturgeon October 2015](http://www.snp.org/_snp15_nicola_sturgeons_opening_speech)
Good question. Probably the humour.
It matters because contrary to OPs suggestion Scotland does not have "no representation" because it only has a minority of the UK population. Those kind of stupid arguments need to be put down. If you spent less time whinging about shifting non-existent goalposts every time someone makes an argument you don't like, and more time listening, you might learn something.
And the Scottish first minister standing on stage and saying she believes Scotland should be an independent country is "promoting the cause of independence".
Actually there probably won't be. At that point it becomes a fairly simple decision. Is Scotland better independent and joining the EU, or remaining part of the UK outside the EU? No cognitive dissonance required.
It's really simple. Spoilt ballots demonstrate a constituency of people who are prepared to turnout but don't support any candidates. The larger that constituency the bigger a gamble it is for politicians to ignore, and the more it incentivises them to cater to those people with their policies.
&gt; We're pissed off because we know that if late registering people were Leave-leaning we know the extension wouldn't be granted. So you're pissed off about a hypothetical that hasn't and will never occur?
They don't need to be separated. The number of accidentally spoiled ballots in any count is tiny. Nobody is going to conclude that large numbers of spoiled ballots are accidental. &gt;Nobody's reading your political statement. Nobody cares. I've already explained why they would care. &gt;Until we get a "None of the above" option there is no effective way to voice dissent by ballot. A none of the above option and mass spoiling of ballots achieve the same thing.
&gt;Labour MP Tom Harris, who is heading the Vote Leave campaign in Scotland called Osborne's figures "made up"and it was a "desperate attempt"to "scare voters" to back Remain on referendum. &gt;Harris said: "The people of Scotland won't take kindly to the Tory austerity chancellor coming to Scotland in a desperate attempt to scare voters into backing remain. Osborne and Cameron know the only jobs under threat from leaving the EU are their own. &gt;"His made up statistics have been dismissed by supporters of his own side as scaremongering, and it's about time the Chancellor stopped talking down Scotland and the UK's economy." Anyone else getting deja vu?
Loved it.
I might be wrong. But I think they might be trying to sell you Nike clothing.
&gt;Scotland would be the successor state in the this instance, seen as how we didn't vote to come out - and we would inherit the full GB EU package - including rebate - that GB had previously negotiated. That is completely untrue.
&gt;* The EU to accept Scotland as the continuing state This is as good as impossible.
I only wish the broad shoulders of the union could have protected you from that bartender who refused to serve you because of your Scottish accent in that pub you made up.
Your parents registered you.
Does that make you more or less knowledgeble than the financial consultant ~~cleaning the toilets~~ providing sanitation solutions to the bank?
That is all completely wrong. &gt;Junker was happy with the fact that we were already classed as EU citizens so we would still be part of the EU. He never said Scotland would still be part of the EU if it became independent. &gt;but they couldn't have voided out EU membership Scotland doesn't have EU membership in the first place.
That 2nd and 3rd set was incredible.
They realistically have to follow the same decision. Otherwise you have a scenario where Germany for example recognises Scotland as the continuing state through the EU, but simultaneously recognises rUK as the continuing state through the UN and NATO. That is legally impossible. They cannot both be the continuing state. The EU, UN, NATO etc will have to recognise the same state as the continuing state and that will be rUK. Not Scotland.
He's not a financial consultant. He's a *website consultant* for a financial services company. He describes himself as a "financial consultant" on here to try and give the false impression he has some kind of economic background or financial expertise. It's like the guy who runs the staff canteen in a bank calling himself a "financial consultant".
&gt;Plan B was never in question. Plan B was to use Sterling without a formal Sterling Zone Says who?
&gt;economically illiterate arguments about how Sterlingisation would somehow be bad when the real world implications of it are virtually zero. That is the most economically illiterate thing I've ever heard. Virtually zero? Try huge borrowing issues.
&gt; Panama, which currently has Dollarisation pays interest rates of 0.49%. Where are we getting the figure of 0.49% for the cost of borrowing for the Panama Government?
The money market rate is very short-term. What are they issuing government bonds at?
Source?
I could, but that wouldn't tell me where you were getting your information from. That links shows Panama 3 year bonds being issued at 3%. Where did you get the idea that was comparable to the UK? Because as far as I can see the [UK pays about half that.](http://www.bloomberg.com/markets/rates-bonds/government-bonds/uk)
He's right Norway does have an oil fund. Nice to see Wings listening to the UK PM for once.
You've got over-excited and heard things you wanted to hear. Firstly, David Cameron never said anything about Norway being "much wealthier" did he? He responded to Marr's suggestion that they were doing "pretty well". Which they are. So are we. Secondly, what was economically unviable about the SNPs plan for an independent Scotland was directly financing a huge chunk of your annual spending from oil. That's not what Norway does. And it's not what Cameron was saying is a reason for them doing "pretty well" in this interview. And before you whinge about bring ultra specific those are both *fundamental* differences to what you mistakenly think he said.
&gt;And had Scotland been Independent for the last 30 years, every man, woman and child would have been £25000 source?
&gt;You're right. He didn't say that. Don't say he did then. &gt;data showing the fact that Norway is much wealthier than us per capita is easily available. So is Qatar. &gt;Secondly, I don't see why it is unviable for Scotland since, as the infamous GERS report showed, our onshore economy is doing quite well alongside our vast oil reserves Because it's not doing well enough to cover us in years when the oil price is low. &gt;It doesn't matter that Norway do it differently and place it in a fund The difference between oil revenue directly financing government spending and being invested in a fund is huge and fundamental. It does matter. &gt;the Prime Minister acknowledged, that we would be doing 'quite well' He didn't acknowledge that. He acknowledged Norway was doing quite well. What Norway is doing is not what was being proposed for an independent Scotland. &gt;You're moving the goalposts to avoid this simple truth Do you just say "moving the goalposts" every post now?
&gt;The claim that Scotland would have been somehow incapable of achieving what Norway has done is just typical and unreasonable Loyalist bullshit. Can't wait to hear how you're going to go back in time and create an oil fund? &gt;There is absolutely no reason, no reason at all, why Scotland would not have a GDP per capita of $100,000. Source? &gt;The Union cost Scotland BILLIONS. Source? &gt;Every single person in Scotland is £25k per annum worse off because of the Union. There ROFL source? &gt;There is no argument that changes this basic, evidenced fact. Source for your evidence?
If in doubt accuse someone else of making a straw man, is it? Haven't made a single strawman in this thread. Claiming every Scot would be £25k per annum richer if Scotland has been independent is so risible it deserves a rofl.
It doesn't matter how many videos you excitedly present having missed the point as usual. Directly financing 15% of the countries annual spend with a resource as volatile as oil will never be a viable economic plan. You can trot out as many tired cliches about self-loathing Scots as you like. It doesn't change anything.
I asked for sources for at least 3 "facts". Which one of those are you saying is answered in McCrone and where is it answered in the McCrone report?
&gt; Every single person in Scotland is £25k per annum worse off because of the Union I've read the McCrone report. My question is where does it say: "Every single person in Scotland is £25k per annum worse off because of the Union." ?
It isn't in there. You're a liar, and you're lying now.
I've read the report. It doesn't say that. You were lying. Fairly typical of the pro-independence brigade. A bunch of guys with a single standard grade to their name trying to debate economics by lying about facts and figures contained within documents they've lied about reading.
Oh you're not making that argument? I guess you agree with me then that the SNPs oil plans for an independent Scotland, namely using it to directly finance 15% of annual spending were economically unviable.
&gt; &gt; "Every single person in Scotland is £25k per annum worse off because of the Union." Oh but I have read it. Which is why I know it definitely doesn't say "Every single person in Scotland is £25k per annum worse off because of the Union." And that's how I know you're lying when you say it does.
&gt;because it is definitely in there. So quote it.
&gt;Oh, if it's not in that section, which section is it in then? It's not in any section you simpleton, because it's a fact OP made up and then you lied about coming from the McCrone report.
I'm quite happy to be self-righteous when it comes to people blatantly lying about facts contained within reports they've lied about reading. I'm definitely morally superior and better informed than those simpletons.
Well thanks for taking the time out your busy schedule to read the full thing.
I'm a no voting remain voter and I would love this turn of events.
You stupid woman.
Good moaning?
The Scottish referendum in the 70s had nothing to do with the government deciding the majority was too slim. It failed because it didn't satisfy the requirement that the result comprise 40% of the electorate.
Nope.
Not in a few years maybe. It would take Turkey decades to comply with the EU accession criteria and even then we would still have a veto. There is no prospect whatsoever of Turkey joining the EU in "maybe a few years".
&gt;I don't see how we can accept 300k people a year, every year for ever. But why not? Theres 700k births every year, and we manage that just fine.
Why not? We build them for the extra millions that come about through births. Why not migration?
Because the suspicion is you want control of those borders so you can turn away brown people.
How do you know they're not rich?
&gt;How were these people selected? Are they rich? Do they have a financial stake? Do they care about democracy? These are questions you don't know the answers to Yes we do. The sample is selected to be nationally representative. That's how polling works.
&gt;For many, the status quo is "Leave". Those people clearly don't understand what status quo means.
That's unlikely given we've been in Europe for 43 years. You'd have to be 86 to have comparable experience outside Europe, and even then it's a stretch.
Not if we join the single market they won't.
&gt; And there's still a ton of laws that get written that have nothing to do with the single market which would no longer apply to us. But some of them still would so &gt;The laws that apply to the United Kingdom will be written and voted on there. is false.
I know it wasn't you. &gt;My original point was that sovereignty would increase. This is wrong anyway. Sovereignty is essentially a binary state. You either are or your aren't. There is no question that Westminster is the supreme law making authority in the UK. When we defer to EU legislation it's because we choose to, not because we are less sovereign.
&gt;Our state will have more power to govern itself than it did before, therefore more sovereignty. The UK will not have any more power to govern itself than it does under the EU. What extra powers do you suppose we'll receive. Parliament is the supreme law making authority in the UK. What extra power do you imagine we'll gain by leaving the EU?
They might well do. But that's not because its their "status quo", and it's not the "status quo" effect in action.
Usually some kind of fine.
Why does that not feel sovereign? What do you think sovereignty is? Sovereignty means having supreme legal authority. We have that. The EU cannot compel the UK to accept an EU directive. They can't even compel the UK to pay the fine. We are always free to ignore decisions of the EU court and accept the political consequences of that because we remain sovereign.
&gt; The rate at which people stream shows has increased dramatically in the last few years especially. Still much lower than Live TV viewing though.
&gt;The executive leaders who do make the laws aren't held accountable to The People. The EU is not a democracy. Nonsense. They're appointed by elected representatives and are subject to the approval of the European Parliament.
&gt; In the eu this arrangement is flipped over, with the appointed house - the commission - having all the power. Except, ofcourse, the power to implement legislation without the express permission of the elected European Parliament. Oh, and it doesn't have the power to implement legislation without the express permission of the elected council of ministers. Oh, and it's appointments are subject to the approval of the elected European Parliament too. So it doesn't have "all the power" does it?
&gt; Hence returning to the point that the the only power over the EU we have is the option to leave. That is what sovereignty is.
Remain also holds the wealthier, better educated voters who are more likely to turn out so I'm hoping that evens it out a bit.
[Here it is](http://d3lgc28rsiigal.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/brexit-graph-537x620.jpg?551fb8)
Yes. Some voters are thick as shit.
Confirmation bias.
That's because leaving has more downsides.
Not sure that's feasible. How would you police it?
There is absolutely no chance of another referendum in 2017. Sorry to spoil that fantasy for you.
I thought Sturgeons speech was excellent, will be voting yes, and supportive of another referendum soon.
You didn't stick two fingers up to the worlds political elite. The leave campaign is the political elite. It's just a smaller faction of the political elite.
I've had a few drinks but at present I honestly hope this is really painful for these morons. Sorry for the remain voters who will suffer.
Britain isn't any freer than it was yesterday. But it is poorer. Well done. It isn't a coincidence that leave was driven by the less educated.
That's a very long post that says nothing at all. What's your point?
Rather be a snob than the kind of mouth breathers that voted leave.
Euro exemption, Schengen exemption and the rebate were **all** legally binding and could not be overturned by the European council or parliament.
Name me a comparable country outside the EU that was more successful than the UK inside it?
Lol at the idea of a bunch of decrepit pensioners trying to riot,
&gt;Japan is the 3rd largest economy in the world And has been stagnant for decades. &gt;Australia is one of the fastest growing economies in the world. Australia wasn't even in the top 100 "fastest growing economies" in 2015. It was 128th. The UK was 122nd.
&gt;Still, Australia is doing very well for their selves with no European union. Not as well as the UK did with the EU.
So now you're admitting the UK was successful when it was in the EU under Thatcher?
Who cares? It was still successful, so what's the problem?
Prove it?
So what? You presented a list of countries that allowed 16 and 17 year olds to vote. The UK is one of those countries, whether they had the franchise on this vote doesn't change the fact that they have in the past.
You're confused. People are debating whether or not 16-17 year olds should have the right to vote. Not whether they do presently. Nobody needed you to explain that under UK law 16-17 year olds didn't have the franchise for the EU referendum. But thanks for your pointless contribution.
Why not?
By most leavers definition of sovereignty we are *not* more sovereign in a Norway style deal because we'd have to abide by away legislation.
&gt;You don't need fully developed brain function to drive lol
For your vote to be respected you'd need to actually know what you voted for. What does leaving the EU mean to you?
What does leaving the EU mean to you? Not being governed by EU law? That isn't an option because we're going to remain part of the single market.
I experienced this. You'll be taxed one rate on the total amount. It's just an accounting trick at their end so they can claim the money for your salary from a different pot.
If they didn't have a plan how could they make claims like spending £350m a week on the NHS?
This is cutsie-poo nonsense. What does the debeloping world offer us that make it worth leaving the EU for?
&gt;No one elects the European Commission (who suggest things) or the Council of the European Union (who approve things). European Council members are elected by their member states you daft idiot.
The petition is pointless anyway. I hope somehow brexit is avoided but it's not going to come about through a petition.
The Council of the EU is also comprised of **elected** representatives of EU states
They're elected government ministers. We elect them during a general election.
&gt;But they have no power. Are you beginning to realise yet that on the EU you have been wrong about nearly everything? First you wrongly believed that the Council of the EU was unelected, and now you wrongly believe it had no power. [The Council of Ministers (The council of the European Union) exercises the following functions.](http://www.politics.co.uk/reference/council-of-ministers-europe) 1. The Council of Ministers is the EU's principal legislative body, with the unique power to make legislation in some areas. In others, this is exercised in conjunction with the European parliament. 2. The Council of Ministers (through ECOFIN) co-ordinates the domestic economic policies of member states. 3. The Council of Ministers concludes international agreements, negotiated by the Commission. 4. Along with the European parliament, the Council of Ministers authorises the budget proposed by the commission. The council has the final word in relation to 'compulsory' expenditure (eg CAP spending). 5. The Council of Ministers is the sole decision-making authority in respect of common foreign and security policy proposals, within the framework set by the European Council. 6. The Council of Ministers co-ordinates the activities of member states and adopts measures in relation to justice and home affairs policy.
&gt; At which point they have the final say on the proposed matter. Clearly they don't have the final say. A combination of the Parliament and the Council has the final say on what legislation can be implemented. You said the Council of the European Union was unelected. You were wrong. You said the Council of the European Union had no power. You were wrong. Now you're saying the Commission has the final say. And you're wrong about that too. It looks increasingly likely you are almost completely ignorant about the workings of the EU. What's your answer to the fact you thought the Council was unelected? Are you embarrassed by that mistake? Do you think perhaps you might be mistaken elsewhere too?
The Commission proposes legislation. It is the *council* and the parliament that both have to say yes before it's adopted. &gt;They have absolute power. They don't have absolute power because they require the approval of the council and the parliament. Under no reasonable definition of "absolute power" could *requiring the approval of another body* be considered "absolute power". Do you have anything to say yet about your claim that the Council of the EU wasn't elected? Are you going to admit you were wrong about that or were you lying?
&gt; the actual people living in European countries are getting sick of it. The actual people living in European countries don't know what they're sick of. They're told it's the EU by an establishment press and ambitious politicians looking to exploit their anger for their own ends.
&gt; Council EU - we select an MP to go depending on what the meeting is about, the MP has been elected into the HoC (this is an abstracted form of democracy, you don't vote for them based upon the chance they will sit on the council, it clearly isn't the same as the MEP's.) This is exactly the same as the UK Cabinet. Here's a [simple diagram explaining the EU legislative process.](https://www.eumonitor.eu/9353000/1/j4nviihcu0lesxp_j9vvik7m1c3gyxp/vj89lqzrtlx0)
&gt;A do-over is not possible because some non-trivial percentage of the Leave voters (more than 10 million people) would revolt due to the perception that their vote doesn't count. Like riots in the street revolt. I doubt it.
Do you think they did that because they realised they might win and didn't have a plan?
I'm not blaming the voters. I'm blaming the Leave campaign for not having a plan.
What's your perspective on the England v Scotland football rivalry compared with England v Wales?
:(
So you're saying there should be another referendum so voters can decide not to vote for the leave campaign based on them backtracking on promises.
Well if you don't think there should be another referendum then your suggestion that voters have the opportunity to not vote for people who have backtracked on promises isn't applicable here. So instead we use MPs powers.
I assume the thinking is that they need to be in a position to win a snap general election and Jeremy Corbyn is so far away from being able to do that they need a replacement.
The next general election is irrelavent. It might not be until 2020. The point is voters were misled in 2016 and if you believe that then it doesn't sound particularly undemocratic to ignore the result of a referendum won on false promises.
Those are just replacements you don't think are any good. That's not the same as having no replacements.
