Its crazy how we Americans saved Futbol! from the evils of Blatter and co! America Fuck Yea!!!! also on side note Team USA undefeated in u20 World cup so far a plus for us!!!
what season was this? man how i forgot about this beauty!
A day of threes!
you know i was thinking about getting that one hows the flavor and clouds?
The Mexican staring frog of Sri Lanka episode....
I wonder if next season is gonna be tied up with this!
ney is done two yellows and a red basically we going to see the Brazil from last years semi final play with no neymar
Thanks def deliver please! I want to go see the movie but I just need a good review from the general public like YOU please deliver OP
Thanks now I'm gonna go watch it!
fallout 4?
I wish the best for this little shibe if my akita inu survived her nose infection which I thought the vet was gonna put her to sleep! This shibe can survive!!!! +/u/dogetipbot all doge verify
Hahahah!!!! The suffering and torture I endured on the snes!
Damn your genius! Up vote for you!
I hope so!!!
Good guy Gremlin juice....discontinues juice flavor reveals formula!!! Ya vendors out their better learn!!!
mr /u/ZUKERglass i finally cracked open my freebie ü vape that ü hooked me up and others for the holiday, that früt lüp is on point man! loving it! will buy more asap!
yea i think this is credible source RIP!
Hannover vs wehen friendly 30 mins before kick off i'm thinking Hannover +0 AH @ -154 Over 3 @ -114 Early morning pick for me betting light!
I need to taste this beer!!! ASAP
Man i miss the bears!!! I might have to get an order of it soon!
I see ney and el haddadi as the big players today with masche iniesta and pique as good support! I would love to see MaTs get a clean sheet for the club today! Visca barca!
Hahahaha called it el haddid!!!$
Neyyyy fucking mar!!!!!!! Boooom! Lets gooo this getting heaten up!!!!
Are all withdrawls 50 bucks after you use your freebie? Is neteller feasable and safe for a us customer?
Ahhh i wish we had 5 inches we getting 2' ft plus my back is gonna be bad!
GOAL OF THE FUCKING YEAR!!!! GO SPURZZZZZ!
dont even tell me
gonna be an intense 2h ughh 3 goals for the spread its not looking good
Hopefully fucking juves attacking no goals too
that sucked!
Hopefully broncos in the next 8 mins win the 2h ill catch my loss! it really sucked man! any ways gambling is gambling!
Ughh dont even make me remember that shit!
God 1070 or 480 the 480 or 1070 damn now i have to wait for benchmarks.........gonna delay my pc build to July!
Haven't gamed on pc/console in a loooong time since maybe 2009. I think i came in the right time to build me a nice gaming machine!!! im super hyped now...if the numbers are good for the 480 with the money I will save on not buying the 1070 I'm upgrading my Cpu from the i5 6500 to the I5 6600k for the OC option
yep gotta compensate for the extra juice!
Missing the denim skirt hun!
What a schedule Christmas eve....Its gonna make me or break me my holiday i hope sure we win would be a nice Christmas present!
Thank you for leaving my candy flavored ejuices alive!
If you have melonlyptus vape it its fucking great man its like vaping Antarctica with a splash of watermelon. Cools me down on a hot summer day!
It will numb your throat and open up your sinuses
Si...
/r/gamersbeingjerks
Nitrogensports.com
I am the big Cheese am i right?
Messi&gt;Bravo sorry!
Canon EOS rebel t6i
The Chile effect!
no they dont throw tp down the drain.
Thank you sir!!!
I applied to the Metro north division...but i think its all together with LIRR if im not mistaking. App said i would working at grand central so... thanks for the insight
Hated how hard this boss was but loved the strategy to beat it...grind and know the patterns if i recall!
Seaman!!!!
Raspberry pi build!!!
Unpopular opinion..but them refs are making me dislike la liga games...
Yes i forgot about the club cup games in japan...
Looks like they messed up teams on nfl app for verizon...
3 safetys 1 touchdown 1 point field conversion....their you go 13 points...
1)Randy 2)timmy 3)cartman 4)chef 5)season 20 Garrison
Shit 2 years damn...that season was like no other!!
Gotcha....thanks!! Im loving this game too much the grind and critical thinking involved is my thing i bought the game back when i was in college and had it backlog now i decided to play it! Fun Grindy my type of rpg!! Coming from a former D&amp;D player!
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.......
Add a /s so you dont get downvoted i know sarcasam when i see it lol!!
Where can i watch barca b games online?
That was pathetic...i would give him a yellow!!!!
And french Viva La resistance....!
Shitty? You are rich as fuck for having that neo geo!
I member!!!!
Might as well play single player tourneys plus is it true that you can make your own kits on photoshop and transfer them to the game?
How does one pronounce that?
Thanks
MaTs doing a good job but our players gotta get their a game up!
Oh man!!!
Denis!!! Gracias!!!
Neyyyy!!! Finally MSN!!!!
give props to MaTs one of the best goal keeping i have seen this season he was everywhere!
Damn already fuck time flies...Cant wait to see the baby bombers back in action, finally get #28 and star the new dynasty!!!
Insane! My peach tree has its buds out just waiting for a good heatwave to bloom its leafs and flowers! Hows Tenn? Im dreaming to go there soon to Nashville and the smokey mountains!
Matressfirm now!
Gonna get the baby beast for valentines day sale should i get the rba deck or use the coils that smok makes? Everyone is hyping this tank for a long time and i want to get it now.
Thats real retro vape tech there!
Fuck these 4th world countries!
Diabeetus rings!
ヽ(⌐■ل͜■)ノ Happy Summer 17'
Peppermint tobacco like Marlboro smooths Candy cane flavor?
Nice rda! What is it?
Cavs missing Della Le can't win it himself!
Man $20 for 12 months is cheap plus free retro games can't beat that! I hope it's full covfefe!
He was the one that got me into edm the guy is a beast!
3-2 juve wins
Thank you!
Kill meeeeeeee!!!!!!
Navas man!!! I give him that he's a good gk
I'll be damned
Bingo!!!!!! Manzuki!!!!! Bicycle kick!
That bicycle kick goal was insane!!! Love champions league finals like this!!
Called it on the over!!! Cash me out my coin!
Over 2.5 and 3 the most secure bet in this game that was available lost 20 bucks on ML and AH on juve
Probably most certainly cancelled
What if the Valverde Era of Barca bring back to back trebles to the club would that be better than RM winning the CL twice in a row?
Get posterized!
Dicks out!!!!!!
SPLASH BROS!!!!
No escape from reality....
🤔🤔🤔
Bitch got scalped!!!
Tree fitty!
This sounds promising!!! Bring back tiki taka tactics back messi on the wing!!! If barca gets the treb back next year valverde will be goat!
Trading turan to aquire Dimaria...i don't like this Di Maria would churn up the locker room and turn it into a rivalry within team mates...
Lucky!!! Love the old logo!
Should have bought a bitcoin at 2100 would have 700 bucks easy fml!
I know the reference!
Word all hell will break loose if he comes to barca, so much bad blood! I don't know what messi is thinking!
Holy Shinx!!!
Alien 220 or rx 2/3...i need a good device for my sub ohm tanks that are 24mm what do you guys like?
Taking me back to the summer of 15' might have to order from them when 4th of July specials arrive!!!!
Would love tc I only have been using my trusty ipv2 mini since Jan 15 2015 and I want to upgrade asap. For power I can carry 2 sets of married batteries I don't mind.
yea its a free doritos loco taco! from taco bell!
I think only in the states!
Friday is gonna be exciting! :Praising toaster intensifying:
Oh shit typo on their behalf lol!
Dude thanks for the deal I wante both the coil art and moonshot and every where it's expensive! Thanks!
Getting my smoant after I get these rtas!!! Thanks for the deals
ducktales....animaniacs....X-men
Fuck yea!!!! Thank you sir! you are the best will be downloading this to my iPad asap!!!!!
It depends how much the pool has in total you probably will see something on tv saying your winning horse with all the horses that are racing tomorrow will pay so and so. Like 3&amp;1 will pay 40 3&amp;2 will pay 23 3&amp;3 will pay so and so....like i said it depends on the pool
Food trucks are the best!
Toaster wth why u no work... I gotta talk to the magic conch now!
I need Messi and Neymar to talk to the splash bros!
Suavecito....little by little! Let's catch up GSW!!!!
Gawd!...
11
THIS GAME IS REFALIERS!!!
The D and The O!! Cmon
😭😭😭 I want to believe in the perfect streak!!!!! :toaster emoji:
I love that horse it's on my trifecta and super!!!
Lewindowski playing?
Thanks man GL!!
✌👍
20 points man! I hope the d and o comes alive! It's needed!!!!
What a game for refeliers!!!
4th Q. Ladies and gents let's see if a miracle happens if not it's been a pleasure see ya🔜
they love their alternate facts!
yankees rollin through!! and still on top of the division! i dont see no stopping!!!!
Avenging the toaster!
Finish them
That is it......I need my Judge Jersey asap!!!!
Cash... i have saved for a real jersey and not a fake replica!
Sanchize that!!!!! Love ya Gary! No homo!!!
Make this a big inning for us nyers please!
Should have stayed in 3rd....
I bet this game yanks -1.5 they have to win by 2 just hoping for a big inning!
Shweeet run sanchez!!!
LETS GOOO HOMEEEE!!!!!!
Ughh its one of those days!
FFS ok it is what it is GG....On to oakland hopefully we sweep them!
Never mind......
hicks and judge time better do something!!!!
GARY GARY.....
OK Now its the Defense job!!!! I want this Win SOOOO BAD!!!!
that almost gave me a heart attack!
LETS GOOOO.....SCORE to TIE or LEAD!
WE REFUSE.....I REPEAT WE REFUSE!!!!!!!
Take my energy bullpen keep it clean!!!
Time to pray again damnit.....I hate these west coast games!!!
WOOOO YOU HEARD MY PRAYERS WE ARE BACK IN DA GAME!!!!!
whats next guys whats the plan?
OK GALLEGOS LETS CLOSE ITTTTTT!
one down two to go
Lets go i want to go to sleeeeeep!
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING MEEEEE
3 in a row what in the actual fuck
and im not watching west coast away games anytime soon! until yanks come back to the east!
Don't remind me plus it was after 911 which made it even more sad for us nyers....i actually cried that day had to wait until I was in college to finally see the yanks win a world series!
Bingo! You know it I just want a taste of guates cheap liquor here in the states!
Yea I heard that stuff is like cusha...but it can't be worse than venado...venado is like drinking straight rubbing alcohol hahaha....
Yes! I knew it!!
GG
Nyc
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!
Parma or Allesandria hook me up with another goal so my o2 in my acca is not a push but a win!!!!
Ohhh im hyped!!!!
Ughh man I got trapped in that Atletico Goianiese odds I hope they can pull off a miracle and score 2 goals in this half! Blind bets suck!
They look hungry man! go for it!
Yes! 2h in egypt league so any thing can happened there need boca now....put a side bet on them too for -1 on 2.222 odds so lets see if they can get this!
GL!
Told ya!
Yessss! 2nd half I like how they are playing!
Bro u telling me? LoL
Scared money don't make money right? That's how I take on sports gambling! GL if you put it in!
A small bet like 10 bucks would be good...dont risk it now
Another one.....
Its been a good weekend for me!!! 2/2 on accas and 1 single bet win! ACCAS [First](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/1205b6cZllOdTlGeUtNa1NVREsvM0lsb0NNdz09/r/86590/) [Second](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/b9e5c90TXNFSHdlMWZWaXI0VUNpNU5RNHcxdz09/r/86590/) [Looser 1](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/7f4d9d4K0tHRVNEbGJDNEs2VGNuVzEySlp1UT09/r/86590/) [Looser 2](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/a8452a6V1JnZXRpTFBVSmhiNXNWZHZkRHJMQT09/r/86590/) Single Bet [Boca Jrs.](https://nitrogensports.eu/betslip/e52808dKytHMVhHYWJXMmNLTFpNWXdxMmxEZz09/r/86590/) Im way up my bank had a big beating these past 2 days but am coming back up again looking for one last acca tonight to close the night!!!!!!!! GL everyone!
Heh would love to win more! Studying my last play before kick off right now!
Except Toronto fc for fuck sake they are on top playing a bottom feeder at home!
Got Them at -1 I don't mind a push
Finally Toronto! Now if Santos can score!
Let's go la galaxy please get me that last Saturday win!
I put 50 bucks in let's go keep the streak going champs!!!!
Haha haha fuck these champs
C'mon chile
Alexis better do something!
20 mins chile...do something
Booooom late night heroics chilelelele
I need them!!!!
Forzzzzaaaa italia!!!!
10 mins let's goo Italia forzzzzzaaa!!!
Got my revenge today man scored 250ish back on soccer video referee replay broke the leg hahaha ugh that loss last night sucked
Congratulations on winning the premier league!!!
gotta take revenge at home tuesday!!!!!!!!! Halos watch ur back cause yankees gonna lay a smack down!
You will get it!
You got it!
I dont expect to win but Gremio ML all day...why there away form is real!!! 4/5 wins and on top of the league so let's gooo!
What what Gremio goalll!!!
Damnnnn
It's been a good match so far!
Wow gremio!!!
Nice!!!! Let's go!!
Damnit this game is turning into a crapshoot
Gremio has to score again
Gremio please!!!! Damnit!!!
Fuck...
I'd take dry heat over 90 degrees with humidity at 90% any day....
2.5 over got my losses from Serbia!
Man if Serbia score again wow!
Most upper scale cafe shops in Mexico city have them and are decent!
Spain to score 2nd goal I like it!
Spain for 3rd goal 5 bucks in
Gonna be a degen 10 bucks on Spain...
SpAIN!!!!!!!
GOIAS!!! Im feeling this one!
Come get some $$$$ PRINT $$$$
Cmon Juventude scoreee!
Yep i hope they can find the end of the net!
Goias got me scared now! 42% possession of the ball! hope the defense is good!
Tomorow is a big day on u20 and confeds cup!
Well thank u goias
Same need goias Juve and Blooming for my acca and a ml bet on Goias to make it a + day for me too need to rack up cash for 4th of july weekend!
Hoping goias gets a goal or 2 2nd half and juventude to win!
I don't know blooming back at home after loosing 4 straight games away...going against the bottom team might risk another acca with another team 8pm east
Sweet goias let's goo
Fucking a...juventude
Got the Spain late goal for my -1 and now goias damn I love this adrenalin!!!
Goias! 💱💱💱
Ok how did this meme come to be?
Blooming so far so good Brazilian team better get it!
Need 2 more let's go Port Russ!!!
Port and Russ gonna kill me if they don't score dambit!
😠😠😠
Goal is in front of you not 100 feet above you.....
Czechs goal...
Been doing good lately and today seems like one of those days....
Yea it's in my acca
side note to my self and others: DON'T TILT
Such a weird day today....
Damn...no wonder the -2 odds went from - to +
One more to push and two more for the check mark c'mon emelec game
One down two to go! Let's goooo.
I know right....😡
If mexico could score one goal before the 1st half I would be ok....just for hope sake...
If the can score a goal in garbage time....
Nice hit
Bloody cunts....
2 more goals from mexico is all I can hope for now!
Uno mas
Winter is coming!
BOCA Jr's to win away game or +0 They had a phenomenal game away
Yea this!
Idk....
Wrong game lol
C'mon boca get it!!!
Boca are back and forth...i wouldn't be surprised if boca scores 1st
And I bet it live
That bet was after the 2nd goal
Racing club better keep it straight man clean sheets
Racing club score another one please!!!!!
Bad bad bad it keeps getting worse c'mon boca
Fuck it!
Maybe a late screamer Boca....just sayin
without even playing the game lol
She took my soul!
they sell famosa which is Gallo here where i live! so i drink that stuff a lot!
dont remind me please! %90 of the crowd was with the overs yesterday
the onlything i dont like about var is that the refs now do those weird motions drawing in the air like it is rugby or aussie rules!
like if the goal is confirmed he uses his hands to draw a box in the air and points to the team awarded the goal!
Lel aussie pen
Yea I heard that too
Chile lol btts looks good
Here goes nothing -1 England....win it and punch your ticket to the knock out stage as 1st seed
Btts is a win!
England let's goo!!!
Good 1st half for England need another goal in 2nd half please!
Gremio corinthians and Cerro porteno I'm looking to take these on a small ride
BOL to the both of us!
Holy shit damn Lanus again
Need those two!!!
No problem yea as usual when 90min is in they close it up
Lol yes
Cerro porteno bunch of cucks that can't even score 1 with 10 players on the other team
Baddd
Let me ride the gremio gravy train and chape over 2.5 to recoop...fucking cucks
We could have been in the green man!
Please flamengo chape score for the over in this 2nd half and Gremio another goal too!
Ughhh waiting for 2 packs of puff organic cotton pads from Japan waiting patiently for 3 weeks already....any place in the states that sells good organic cotton pads that ships fasssst!?
Love ya seattle and Dodgers for completing my double parlay at both teams spread at -2 to win me a pretty penny! And those soccer games before that so $$$$$
There is nothing good today...
Let's go cska Sofia 1u ml
Down 0-1 fml...lol it's only 5 bucks
1:2
Let's go cska sofia!!!
2:2
I'll be pissed if cska Sofia draws...they gotta score
Hmmm looking at it these friendlies are a gold mine...i should prospect into these European friendlies
Yup
I like Macedonia +2 and a +1 Serbia Serbia could still get in but doubtful
Damn cmon Macedonia score 1 for the +2.5
Macedonia!!!!!!!!
Red card Portugal oh boy
I like Toronto ah -1 looking for big win today their at home form is unforgiven!
Looks like Toronto is dominating based on bet365?
Sweet I'm not afraid they gonna win and cover the spread!
Gonna be like 3 nil
Toronto we are we are wating for a goal!
Hopefully after 15 min rest they can come back for more goals!
Need a goal fest in Houston today for the over let's gooo!
Texas derby goal fest let's gooo
2 more goals Huston please
Sweating the Toronto game man..💧
Hoping Huston and Toronto score a goal before half and before end for toronto
Torontooooo!
Clutch goal in extras man!
One more lad one moreeee🤣🤣🤣🤣
Please Huston or dallas one more!!!!!!!!
I'll leave this for the over to hit BOL! To all of us on the over 🍀🍀🍀
Thank u mexico and Portugal for winning!!!! Another 80 bucks to the pot!
BOL to us man!
Suporsport for south Africa cup looks like a good bet! Let's gooo
Cmon bulls city...i need goalllls
Denmark and Germany ML legggooo!!!!
Cmon bulls and nycfc 🗽goals 2 more
Supersport!!!
Def
Lol
Only a miracle can happen in nycfc bulls game to go over
What happened???
Czechs and Germans cmonnnnn
South Africa cup was a lock and I knew it supersport congrats on winning the south Africa cup already!!!....
Germany and Czechs cmooonnnn
Lol suporsport United 4 nil cmon just pay me already!!!
Germany better come through too
Yea they are lagging today
Stats
Much love easy money I pumped around 150 USD on this game
525 in the bank right now gonna take it steady right now that Africa cup was my big long shot for today!
Santos serie a Brazil anyone on them?
Got a treb with phily union and Atlanta
Fireeeee
It's been a good night!!!
England u21 hooked me up big this week!
Red card for sport boys looks like I can still catch it! More goals in Boca game and at least 2 in palmeiras
Nice win!!! Now I need the overs here!
Need Boca Jr's game 2 more goals
The strongest and palmeiras o2.5 was easy lol now just sweating the goals in Boca game maybe a btts and Boca winning it at the end would be nice
Taking a shower right now please score the goal Boca or other team!
Yea they are! But I feel barcelona wants the points today to get close could go over 2.5
Another goal oriente petrolero!
Sounders away form has been to shit lately and past stats have Timbs winning against this team at home
Oriente petrolero to score again
BOOOM!
Looks like barcelona has to work hard to score now
Bond No.9 suggestion that I can use for summer and fall at the same time looking to get my self some upscale frags in my collection. Edit: Guy 29yo Nyer
Also any fragrance that smells like genghis Khan seriously takes me back when I was a kid in the 90s when my dad used to spray it on me when we went to family parties....
Yesssss....timbs!!!! Let's gooooooo
Woo the over and Timbs letssssgooo
Ey the over hit in the 1st half!!!!
Winning right now 2 to 1 exactly time to press it up next half!
Sweet win! I see a goal fest with 11 v 10 now timbs can score a lot now
Soccer/football man and like my dad taught me scared money don't make money.....
Easy I think timbs gonna have confidence now...they get one more!
Yea plausible!
What 100 wow crazy
Ok Timbs finish it out!!!!
Long island???
9 desperate sweaty mins!!!!
5 miserable minutes...
Reallllly
/u/ZLATAN_IS_A_GOD predicted this
U jinxed it man
Ughhhhh not the way to end my night
Tomorrow is another day.....🙏
The Sergio Ramos effect!
11 v 10 and you give up a goal wtf....at injury time the worst possible way to add salt to the wound...45 mins and you couldn't get a 3-1 ffs
Good morning it's a new day...1st bets of the day is as fallows Busan park ML , Beijing guon ML, and Soul E-Land +0 AH. Let's make it a winning day!
C'mon Beijing gimme that goal!
Yes I need Beijing asap
2 games in injury time timbs and Seoul in a row!...fml
7 times on target and no goals wtf...
Draws in injury time is the worst salt you can put on a wound
Some shit like that to happen today smh....why
20 mins cmon Beijing at least get the minimum
I hope with these subs bei can become bae and win!!!
Draws....draws everywhere
That's why I got +0 on olympiakos
Hey you got the BTTS....
Comunicantes unidos better score next half
Grindavik A defense!
Ya
I'd put 5 bucks in
Ok was stupid to put this bet in for 60 bucks acca -.5 Germany -1 Spain for tomorrow those are my picks if these two teams get it my payout would be 280 USD GL to all!
ENG V GER can go to any side....
Yup! They started out bad and look now!
U got it!
fifth goal germany +225 looks enticing...
get that goal before the 90th germany
Shits going overtime damnit
5 Mins injury time lol something gonna happen
Congrats to the England +.5....3 draws that have killed me already in 3 days !
Don't upset me press for more spain!!! Marcos bellerin...the rest of the crew please
Well Spain probably will score one more....i hope we don't repeat Germany vs england
Yeeeeeeeea
Uno mass uno masss
Spain on full press right now I see another one coming
Saul coming up with the hat trick
Spainnn love yoooouuu
I need my security goal spain let's go!
Suarez in!
Thanks will do a double acca with the last 2 argentina games!
Ahh sanlorenzo don't want nothing on the top of the league
Same 1 goal from them and they are set for the top tier competition....hopefully 2nd half
Looks like sanlorenzo is doing some work this 2h
Draws....and failed goals....smh
Yup...but at the end I'm happy my bank roll jumped a lot in 2 games I bet today
Idk...they not ready
Had a good day in Euro u21 yesterday will leave this one for later today which is what most people are predicting: Portugal -.5 @ 2.42 or if you want to play it safe in a Acca Port +0 @ 1.705 o2 @ 1.69 Port to qualify @ 1.71
Thank you all 3dsxl then!
Hey we are half way!!! Can't believe I have survived these months!
Good afternoon guys checking my odds and quick research +0 Mozambique @ 2.162 looks like a good value Mozambique has beaten Seychelles at home and away every single time I see this as a value bet tail or fade! GL Will be back in a few
What a save for portugal
This game is gooooood!
Remember Spain u21 game yesterday..1h was boring 2h was a goal fest
Mozambique 1st goal as I said!
Mozambique 1st goal!
Np!
Let's gooooo!!!! Make it a good 2h
That Portuguese gk man
Cr7 throwing long balls man
No ot
Goddd I wanna rip my hair out
Shitty game man
Argentina vs chile final all the way
Thinking of universidad san Martin-1 @2.429
I know right lol.....
1 more guabari please 1 more ☝️☝️☝️
San Martin please give me this gift of a win at home today!!!!
Fuck cr7 I'm getting my money back on these games let's goooo
C'mon Universidad don't loose control get them goals
Ehh Idk san Martin defense on top
Fucking draws man....kill me with draws 0-0 1-1 2-2 🗡🗡🗡🔫🔫🔫
C'mon miami score for me!!!
That is a crazy game
Let's go bulls!!!!
And just like that a tie now get in and win
Any one on palmeiras -.5?
Ugh palmeiras what happened?
would have won but palmeiras are acting like its not important fucking cunts
I would fucking flip if palmeiras scores 4 in the next half!....likely not happening
Good move im still up in my bank roll but today 450 was burned
hahaha bulls suck!
Can palmeiras turn it around here???
Just emelec and palmeiras that would be a gift for me!!!! Please
LETS GOOO CORK CITY!!!!!!
I need them!!!
The overs might hit now!!!
C'mon Copenhagen!!!!
Cork city to score 2 more?
One more cork?
-1 soooo good
Game over mexico gold cup is next
Laying the blitzkreig!
Lol chicharito....
I have this and I hope they win they are in the a league playing a b league team
Yup I'll take it!
Happy!!!!
Sweet the over is gonna hit then let's gooo!!!
How -1.5 won
Ah
Shanghai vs Liaoning o3 @1.847 seems good
Holy shit shanghai!!! One more and my over is good!!! 1 more goal!!!!
Mehhh....
The overs doesn't look to good in 90 min reg...i hope they can do something in this half
Vamos españa!
Take my energy spain!!!
Odds still coencide with Spain winning it all
Remember italy vs spain....1st half sucked...2nd half was brilliant I think the tactic here is tire the Germans out and go full on 2nd half
Spain has always have a good 2nd half these games they know they need their goals to win the hardware...
CMNONN SPAIN do your 2h heroics here and win it!!!
Im seeing spain pressing on now for a goal! could happen!
worst bet ever.... :( only a fucking miracle can make spain win !
Time to go on tilt....hopefully my bookie opens up the argentina cup line!!!
So far so good!!!!
Unbelieable another Germany v Spain game.....
