Signs are op yo
No a glitch
Dank memes can't cause a particle accelerator to explode
I guess Geralt did get his armor lined with velvet
Good luck because literally all of the people he can fuck in Witcher 3 are all infertile. Well unless you count the whores at the Brothel
Yeah but Yennefer is infertile and so is Triss. Maybe Keira wasn't
[Spoiler](/s "You killed Her? Whelp there goes the cure for the Bubonic Plague")
Jesus christ thats horrible
Also I think the Witcher's multiverse is more along the lines of totally distinct worlds. That are majorly different from one another. With different progressions in technology and etc. Also she can travel through time too
True but the theory is the most plausible. Alvin is never seen again in teh story whatsoever
Maybe i misunderstood it and it really was a timeloop
Gotta find a good decker chummer
It originated on 4chan due to attention seekers saying they are women
Fuck then why do feminists keep preaching that feminism si equal rights for both genders?
Hmmm... Footprints in the Snow non-human. Smells musty
We have to save the multiverse
Speed force
Wetwork? I'm fine with that. I'll be the bullet sponge like always * [Cleaver](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mS2lYS080eGVHaU0/edit) Note: Waiting for the next version of chum5 to release that will finally allow restricted gear to work so I can mark Cleaver as completed. I'm down 3 dmso and 1 rocuronium and 1 narcojet. Also sitting on 28000 nuyen from the 2 runs i've done also 7 karma.
http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141219011649/creepypasta/images/8/8a/Keep-calm-and-all-will-be-well-7.png
Soon all my xcom troops will wield Dikoted Vibroblades. We street sams now
The flash looked at the speed of the hard drive and sighed.
RIP Tony Jay your voice was godlike
/r/tuckedintitties has been a community for a day. Wot
FYI: Otusaio the Singularity and the paradox eddie created could cause this whole scenario to go out the window. Perhaps Stag will still be alive if the paradox is resolved in some fashion where history gets slightly rewritten
Atleast he got to have sex before things went to shit
FUCKING IMLERITH THAT MOTHERFUCKER. One of the heardest fights i've ever had in a game. I went full heavy attacks and his phase where he starts teleporting aroudn quickly was so hard. Eventually I managed to dodge all his attacks in his first phase and eventually beat him. It was so utterly fucking Satisfying seeing his fucking head explode and be burnt off
It actually took me about 30 seconds in my last battle with him. Its all about timing
Guess they still won't use motion capture over at bethesda Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
Pretty last gen and they don't even use mocap
I heard Todd Howard hired a animation school dropout because he was a friend
A lot of Triple A studios have their own Motion Capture studios built. The cost of mocap actors I really doubt is that high.
Refresh the page and look at my post now. Oh whatever i'll just copy and paste what I put in it 5 minutes ago Edit: Motion Capture is used for lifelike animation. Actors get put in a suit and walk around recording the way their bodies move this creates high quality animation that is extremely lifelike
BAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH New Vegas wasn't made by Bethesda bro. Fallout 3 has the war over a water purifier everyone wanted to turn on. The water purifier itself being in a river where radiation would get swept downstream into the ocean. It is actually stated by a character ingame that the purifier will somehow purify the water upstream not just downstream of it eventually. Also its set 200 years after the war but there are barely any settlements save for Megaton and somehow all the old buildings in Washington DC are still standing 200 years later which considering no one was maintaining them and nuclear bombs had gone off all around its a miracle the place was still standing.
Fallout 3 had terrible story I doubt fallout 4 will have a good one New vegas was great because it wasn't bethesda
It turns out a LOT of people don't know about how games are made.
You must be completely and utterly retarded. What the fuck do you think Bethesda has been working on since the last skyrim dlc? Just farting about? They were developing fallout 4 i mean really come the fuck on. You arn't in pre-alpha a year before release date. Don't be so fucking stupid. I say a year before release because Skyrim was announced a year before its release. It is a possibility that they may release it this year but I doubt it. They are most definitely in Alpha. If they are releasing this year they are probably in beta right now assuming its feature complete. The only games Bethesda even makes are Fallout and Elder Scrolls so really what do you think they have been doing all this time?
Going into a hotsim modded game will be great. Feeling the water, the fresh air and the grass between your toes. Just plug into your hotsim with your datajack and make sure to not get addicted
Thats why you get the datajack installed in the back of your head. Now then just remember hotsims are illegal... but wouldn't you want to feel the wind on your face? The grass between your toes? I know a guy.
I for one welcome my corporate overlords and will serve them as a loyal wage slave. ^^^Save ^^^us
Boooooo
That wasn't because of the sediment.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
https://youtu.be/00efdE5CD7A?t=6m10s Just for you
I don't think we watched the same show. Season 1 was good(Ending was deus ex machina because they didn't plan to have more than one season) Season 2 shit (Save for First Avatar) Season 3 The villains are god damn amazing and the combat was fucking great one of the most heartwrenching scences i've seen came from this season Season 4: HOLEE FUKKIN SHIT no words can express how fucking insane it was
I felt like the Action lulled for a bit for Korra to deal with emotional issues it was great they weren't resolved in a single episode
People don't like witchers becase A: Cult of Eternal Fire espouses humans only kill the elves and dwarves and lynch the wizards B: Witchers have bad reputations for taking children as payment(Which is true) C: Hurrr stealin all our gold for killing a monster they'd rather not pay D: People believe they are emotionless killing machines. In reality the mutation makes Geralt unable to cry and he wish's he could cry. Witcher's gave higher lows in emotions(No depression for example) and lower highs(He wouldn't feel ecstatic joy maybe save for a few moments in his life) E: They have cats eyes which shows they arn't human F: Geralt is clearly different white hair with cats eyes. Remember in these times most people never traveled beyond 5 miles from their homestead in their entire lifestead G: Not many witchers left so he is a bigger oddity
no its adults who are into squidgirls
Oh the mutagens reform them they still need to eat
Now get subjected to a horribly painful process turning you into a monster hunter. Enjoy
&gt;Ignores the colored hood meepo
Well clearly since you were wrong and I knew the right answer your a horrible person and lazy for not remembering it correctly /s
That son of a bitch bought filet mignon with your wallet ive seen it done before
Geralt likes to follow the witcher code which requires you take payment.
I unleashed 3 quantum singularities that consumed the space station. There were 70 people aboard Orbital Space Station 13... Only 15 made it out alive. That or perhaps my very worst moment was transforming people into slimes forcibly... The reason this is so horrific is because you can't be changed back from a Slime... They have no mouth and they must scream... Telepathically they can anyway. They are just a ball of slime that eats dna Or murdering the clown. But fuck the clown. Welcome to Space Station 13
literally the first freaking book. Geralt was taken by vesemir as payment for I can't recall what it was but he invoked the law of surprise and took Geralt.
You act like 3 months isn't a long ass time
Not really. I'm still reading them myself because wikis dont go that indepth
Good luck beccause new vegas was made by Obsidian not by Bethesda
Mind sharing?
Wait... commlinks with sleaze and agents? Mother of all teamwork tests here i come
let's all hope the side quests are more like The Witcher than skyrim.
What resolution do you play at?
Frankly it made no sense to me that Harold went all the way to Washington DC. I suppose he is near ageless but eh
So why don't they sell these online? They look nice
Ah been so long since i played
Or a spy watch. Or spy hair accessories.
I kind of want the edge so when i can summon greater form spirits i can preedge for 6 hits for endowment power to boost my party and myself... christian theurge sounds fun to play rp wise
Flavor is really nice. But i'd rather have the fucking food than flavor extract
What the fuck is going on with his face
In new 52 the speed force is actually limited and barry gets slower if there are more people connected to the speedforce
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails. Yep. Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
You want to know the best part? They weren't going to do a Technomancer book until some writers begged for it in the finalizing process of Data Trails. Yep. Technomancers really getting the shit end of the stick.
Thats why we send in the gorillas to eat the toads.
[Haha](http://i.imgur.com/y24NbEO.jpg) [Laugh Included](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
[Bought 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX7wtNOkuHo)
What about MOON Dragon that magically lays an egg with the same mass as the original moon? Oh and that it was an egg and those spider things were single celled organisms. WHAT THE FUCK. I just stopped watching after those two episodes like seriously what the fuck moffat
A weapon to surpass Metal Gear.
Yeah but the Justice League is funded by Bruce Wayne since he sponsors Batman
Bruce Wayne hires John Jones to steal from banks clearly
&gt;Only 12gb of ram
You didnt show up to the detentions right?
See you start asking questions and suddenly your in deep shit.
Jesus christ. My school was made by a prison company but it wasn't a real fucking prison
Oh my god I wish i could turn on hairworks
Running a gtx 770
Most buildings have open windows
The joke was "only" 12gb of ram like he only had 4gb rather than 12
Holy shit that man is a god
"Analysis of the Psionic alien's implants indicates that we might be able to integrate these components into an armor kit... although this would be of no use to a soldier without psionic potential, it could greatly improve the abilities of those who do show promise in this area." It was integrated from the Ethereals own implants to improve their Psionic power. Instead put in armor
HERESY! There are no female space marines
Pun threads are the worst
I wasnt the guy who posted the line genius
I don't want to read Wikis wahhhh
It's not as if people for Riot havn't lied and fucked over people before Pendragon shutdown the largest dota communities website when he jumped over to Riot and didn't release the archives for years. Oh and he used those archives to create heroes in LoL
GW2 having no endgame is its best component
[Dervish](http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/19744246/images/1341466669795.jpg) you say?
HERESY OF THE HIGHEST ORDER. Ordering [Exterminatus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h67JpMyrOVE). I hereby sign a death warrant of an entire Subreddit and consign a million souls to Oblivion. The Emperor Pao Protects
Another body. What do you think they are attaching it to a monkey?
How is this even possible
Tucker pls no Not Nina
I show up for living story updates and have fun. I burned out on raids long ago. For a $60 game its been top value
Didn't he just do that in the manga?
What I meant to say was. I wanted to use Spirits of Man but Christian uses Guidance. I felt the muse though with Christian and creating a character. So is there a problem with that
Fine ill change it otherwise is my sheet approved?
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing) Sorry I couldn't update it in time I had been at work when I said I would update didn't realize you guys would be on it so fast. I modified some skills moved some points around. I added vindictive trait and my allergy is Uncommon (Anesthetics) (Boy oh boy surgery will be neato).
That cupcake that woman is cradling looks delicious can I eat it?
That's hilarious. how is that controversial its making fun of budweiser commercials
Why not link the video instead of a gif?
Atleast it was confirmed. Also TWO PROTAGONISTS HOREE FUKKIN SHIT
There's a book that mentions there is a day of the year where you can do wahtever you want. Cheat on people and murder. Well Corvo had sex with the empress during that day and she got pregnant.
I feel it was pretty clear that it was a dig at all the budweiser commercial with puppies. People just don't have a sense of humor. The dead kid one was just fucked up
How does no one watch a show that has had 10 seasons
I loved Metastasis it felt like an upgrade on Parasite.
Apparently corvo and emily will have different powers and story interactions
Do i need to resubmit for a response?
Hmmm... I didn't realize that part I thought it would be mainly surgery so... can I make my Uncommon allergy Neurostun?
A DIGITAL ROCK
Edited the OP with the most recent pdf and chum5
Is your name Lofwyr? Your masterful manipulation of time and space and events to make money are on the level of a Great Dragon. Because you seem to be a perfect analogue for a Great Dragon. Your manipulations lead to a better world for all mankind while being filthy fucking rich. You might be more equivalent to Dunkelzahn but god damn do you have Xanatos gambits in place to?
Oh my god thats why his name is Squall it's related to clouds.
I too enjoyed watching a high-functioning cocaine addict try to hold his shit together
Grape soda
Batman with Prep time vs a 20th level wizard in DND with prep time. WHO WINS? The Wizard
Why would we ever need a 3d remake? It's fucking perfect as is
I dont know about that series
Chrono cross was great shut your mouth
How did you not realize this BEFORE 900 HOURS
Harry Potter and the Fifty Shades of Grey. My oh my
I seek Bias in all my encyclopedias.
Ha i see what you did there
Wait did you mean Eidos Montreal or Ubisoft Montreal?
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing) Turns out that chummer's autoupdate failed me in everyway
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mLUR4cnRFUnVjTXc/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYmNyaTNnYjUyNlk/view?usp=sharing) If everything went right I didn't fuck up for the nth^(N+2) time
Something something federation force
http://i.imgur.com/pJERoof.png WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING. IT SAYS 0 FOR ME WHAT THE FUCK
AGH So I have it opened in my tab saying 0 karma remaining and 0 skills after I fixed everything. Then after I save the file it changes shit. What chummer seems to be fucking doing is adding a skill point to A: Assensing B: Banishing C: Sneaking
https://imgur.com/EWvvsQ4,xl9Y1I3 I figured out whats happening. It keeps adding a skillpoint to A: Assenssing B: Banishing C: Sneaking
I'm in tears
https://github.com/chummer5a/chummer5a/issues/241 I created an issue for it and interestingly enough I noted that the 3 skills that it changes automatically are excluded from skill ratings &gt; 0
Hell there were warcraft 3 maps that would transfer Host rights so the game wouldn't end
Soon... The megacorps will be real... So very soon. I bet this shit gives extraterritoriality to corporations. Eventually a corporate court will form and the worlds largest company will be headed by a single head capable of managing all operations within his company down to the lowest level. He will work with other megacorporations to then consolidate power and work together to keep profits high while keeping corporate losses low. While in the shadows he and other megacorporations will be hiring people to commit illegal acts of sabotage, theft and kidnapping against other corporations. The head of the largest Megacorporation in the world is of course named Lofwyr head of the company Saeder-Krupp. Lofwyr is of course a dragon. Come on down to /r/-Shadowrun and watch as the world slowly turns into a cyberpunk dystopia with wage slaves and megacorps. Sadly no magical dragons in reality controlling the worlds largest megacorporation.
Wikipedia is biased too
So stuff that doesn't add that much like Coyote?
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing) So uh yeah i made another change to my sheet since I'm just waiting for approval due to the bug
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing) Well the specialization in Urban counts for a skillpoint it has no karmacost unless i choose to purchase it with karma but whatever I can purchase a rank in stealth after my first initiation. Invisibility should be good enough.
Oh i dodnt notice you said get rid of banishing. Why do you recommend that?
Florida man
What was it like killing Gawker? 5000 upvotes
The ultimate villain of my campaign. Dunkelzahn infected with the nanites hosting Deus. May god help them all. The President is back and ready to kickass (Thanks Shadowrun Devs for leaving it open to interpretation if Dunks or Deus are dead or not)
meow means meow you rapist. But seriously the freaks who fuck animals should probably go see a Therapist
F
Well it was a portal to heaven made by the Devil....
MY store doesn't even have electric cart pullers. Fuck me man
Living in the database, database.
What an odd request. So be it I shall take on the task. Perhaps I can also espouse the virtues of Christianity to the poor uneducated fool [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)
Scene: Shaddai stands in a set of robes holding up a sign on the streets of Seattle. The Sign reads "Join our church today (the address displayed in realspace and AR at the sametime.)" Suddenly Shaddai was spat on by a passerby. Shaddai is fuming he did nothing to deserve this he did nothing but hold a sign. As the man walked away from Shaddai a plan began to formulate in his mind. A dark plan. Shaddai conjured forth a echo of Ziz. Saying a prayer beneath his breath "He hinged the legs of Ziz Shadai on the fins of Leviathan, and its head in front of the Throne of God." He conjured forth a Spirit of Air and asked of a simple task of the spirit and then it would be free to leave... Arrange an Accident with the man who spat upon his robes. That would teach the bastard. The Spirit flew off and suddenly Shaddai hear honking and screeching and a scream from a man. He took his sign sat down and scrubbed his signature. Returning from the Astral Shaddai was greeted by a message from Bobby Tables for a new job. He quickly sent a reply I'm good for a pickup. [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)
Im 21 and never plan on doing so. Im already addicted to caffeine
Oh i see ads all the time at work for that shit.
I play for the story.
Season 1 is good ends on deus ex because it was only planned to be one season. Season 2 is meh other than the origin of the avatar Season 3 Thank you based god its amazing Season 4 HOLY FUCKING SHIT
So... your characters didnt die?
Also how did your mage survive binding a force 18 spirit
It was a sunny in Philadelphia joke
Should of never had the name shadowrun though
I accept the task Bobby. Send me the info on the meet [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)
"Early? There is a time and place for everything Bobby. There number is coming up just as planned." [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)
OH MY GOD YES I wanted to do some niche characters but couldn't find anyone using sum to ten
The only reason to preorder is collectors editions because of limited supply so stop being a pretentious twat. You could always return the collectors edition too.
Still useful for exploding dice
There is no basic smuggling compartment for gear RAW
A latvian potato?
A is 4 points B is 3 points C is 2 points D is 1 point E is 0 points Add them up to get 10.
Ah the Tir's I'd love to go on a short trip back to the Homeland. The pay isn't bad either. Sign me up Bobby [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing) (Semi-Face/Mage)
I just fed it pieces of my soul to power it. Worked for about... 10 minutes
What... WHAT! WHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT! Fallout 3: The Search for Dad and logical inconsistencies A: Making a water purifier... for a moving body of water. GENIUS B: Scientists at the purfier claim in the dlc after the end of the game that the water upstream will have it's radiation removed eventually. How... it's downstream near the mouth of the river. C: Hurrr... not my job you do it go and die vault dweller D: Let's have a MASSIVE war to turn on a water purifier EVERYONE wants turned on.(Note: The BoS were unaware that the president of the Enclave had mofidied FEV he wanted put into the water)
FYI: Minotaurs in Shadowrun are just Trolls with Horns that point out forward with better bases in it in their skull. Also their shorter and stockier than other Trolls. They don''t have hooves or horse faces or some shit
Run Faster: Pg 94 METAVARIANT TYPE: MINOTAUR Physical Characteristics: The minotaur metavariant possesses the enhanced muscle mass and thermographic vision of the primary ingentis subspecies variances occurs in their facial and horn structures, height, body hair, and dermal deposit formation. Minotaurs get their name from their wide, flattened nasal structure, wide-set eyes, and symmetrical horns, which resemble a bull’s face. Minotaur horns are longer than those of trolls, set at a more forward angle and anchored into thick bone plates that allow the horns to withstand greater impact. They are also nearly four times denser than standard ingentis horns. These features allow minotaurs to use their horns in more aggressive ways. Minotaurs also average 10 centimeters shorter trolls but tend to carry the same bulk with added width, further lending to their bullish appearance. This ingentis metavariant usually possesses profuse body hair and a distinct lack of the dermal deposits common to the ________________ Okay so... they do have a flat and wide noses(but no snout) and horns pointing forward that are dense and securely fastened to their skull. They look "bullish" but not full on bull. They don't have fur or anything of that sort. But if you want to talk it over with your GM then hey minotaurs do have fur and have snouts. You'll sure stick out more though in a crowd
Zero Mission, Super Metroid, Metroid: Fusion Zero Mission is a semi-remake of the first metroid. Super Metroid is the pinnacle of 2d metroid and Fusion is pretty good.. Prime took a lot of its inspiration from Super Metroid
I like that one the door seems a bit much though.
To me he'll never live down Mazes and Monsters
No. The only issue is the community for Dominions 4 used Desura as a base to report bugs among other things. So this complicates the issue
You forgot the Gameshark
Im spooked beyond measure
Just stop speaking about her already she wants attention. We practically have ignored the originally LW and LWu our only problem left is McInjosh and his puppet
Why?
D:
What kind of Pizza? if its cheese pizza your a sick fuck
Thank you. Shame about that Watermark in the bottom left I could cut if off I suppose
This happens on EVERY character. That isn't marked as completed.
[Both Chummers and the PDF(Pick CHum3 for the uncompleted one that is uterrly bugged the fuck out because Chummer is buggy as shit right now)](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfktwTHBPUUtlb2JzOHN5MW5uTzdENUltdmdZNVEzd3VCMzFjZ2FyMjhVVUE&amp;usp=sharing) Chum5 completed and PDF [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mcWhxWmhyVG9qZHc/view?usp=sharing) [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mc1VNS0RYSlROdEk/view?usp=sharing) I redid my sheet and when I save and load up my Chummer save it does the same thing as before. So I have a completed sheet and a before completed sheet. I changed my Metavariant to Wakyambi ____________________________________________ I save my sheet that says I have a 5 karma left. I reopen it and I have -35 karma. Wow they fucked up the last one and REALLY fucked up this update. I've had the problem twice. The last update it was giving skill points to skills you have a point of karma in. Now it's literally resetting all your skills to 0 but acting like you still have them.
Thank you very much
Yeah take for example Common Core he backed that and its pretty counterproductive to educating children
Costco is best Company
They actually didn't want to powergame with lightning bolt and shit so
They could operate for 50 years with the profits they have banked.
Simply put chummer is fucked so just take a look at the sheet marked as uncompleted but be aware its bugged to all hell
As you should. As you should. Also lynch the Librarian he's reading it over general comms. Oh wait nevermind the clown spaced him
As I said "showing that mankind should be destroyed"
Shaddai lifts the Dagger and says the Holy Cant stabbing the dagger into the Sacrificial Lamb. He continues this ritual praying as the Blood flows in the grooves of the altar. As the ritual ends he feels his sins have been washed away. Shaddai cleans up the bloon on him and walks upstair to the main floor of the Church. When he gets a call from Bobby tables Bobby Tables said "Chummer, I've got a job. And it's a doozy. It'll be against a corp, but the Johnson isn't letting slip who's the target. Most he's saying is it's not against any of the Big 10, but for all I know, it could be a subsidiary. Apparently, he needs some sneaky types to help make sure that some gear is untrustworthy. In other words, good ol' corporate sabotage. He's willing to drop some serious nuyen on this too, so don't get spooked by the fact that it's against a corporation." El Shaddai responded "I'm fine with risk Bobby. This is the road that God has put me on it is fraught with danger but I shall endure. I also need those funds to help the Church out. I'm in." [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing) (Semi-Face/Mage)
*Shaddai clicks Y* [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing) (Semi-Face/Mage)
Kuo-Toa are 40k orks?
Bury it in the fucking woods. Good luck finding it asshole I have GPS coordinates written down in my mind
Is that some Sesame Chicken? Pls share
Balance in the penis force
I love my 300i... now if only Star Citizen would stop crashing for me to actually fly around a bit
They were japaneese speaking english
That dude would be dead irl
Why would anyone want to remember this?
More than frustrated he started crying
Because steve hangs out with roger
Do you really think he would slap a women? He hated bullies
I fucking cried when he's chasing after his son and he starts dying. My heart just can't take it
Once they run out of oil that whole region is utterly fucked and will go back to being a wasteland full of peasants.
Women should keep strangers "arm's length" distance http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/panorama/koeln-frauen-sollen-zu-fremden-eine-armlaenge-distanz-halten-aid-1.5669639
Right you are Buffalo! Time to blame those victims for triggering these migrants drive to rape. Women should keep strangers "arm's length" distance http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/panorama/koeln-frauen-sollen-zu-fremden-eine-armlaenge-distanz-halten-aid-1.5669639
But we need to maintain multiculturalism!
What is Karneval?
So what is it like being made of Salt?
One Punch is all about trope subversion
... ... So japan had samurai so they can't have ninja? I don't even
Everyone is John the TSA Agent is another /u/failer10 campaign? HOLY SHIT. failer10 is a fucking god
9 YEARS AGO. Gotta say for their first game they did a decent... job
Good! That is what you should expect from the games industry. If it turns out it isn't shit then you will be happy. If it turns out it is shit and you were hyped you want to commit self harm because of how stupid you were to fall for the marketing hype train.
I really like the whole hacking system. It was a really cool idea but the game was just mediocre.
God damn that is a work of art. This is the shit I want indie devs to do. (But i must say some of them have odne really good with NES style graphics. (EX: Undertale it kind of reminded me of Dragon Quest in a way)
Ah... your one of those MMO players who hasn't gotten disenfranchised by the endless cycle of loot. I was one of those once. I was in a guild that beat Heroic Lich King in WoW before Cataclysm came out but I quit soon after tired of the endless cycle. You get loot so you can fight tougher enemies to get better loot. The cycle never ends. The grind never ends. The only thing that made it so enjoyable was the social interaction.
You wouldn't happen to have plans to do a Tiamat would you?
What you don't wait for reviews? Or why not just use Steam refund?
Oh i know thats the one in Iraqs building. What you are doing is you have to escort him to the main computer mainframe and then he gets in deep shit. His cousin just throws him out of his gang and doesn't kill him
You are a chocobo?
They could of made the money off of sales but now they are fucked
And a $15 subscription fee a month NOT REALLY
https://youtu.be/LmN_H-He_XU?t=1m28s Co-optional did it first
It's what WoW needed to continue to succeed really. Just give me Warcraft 4
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK HIM
Thing is i saw the first word was accordion then read the whole sentence and then looked for another instrument replacing a word
There is no way someone could just make up kevin
Spacebase DF-9. His extreme inability to manage funds resulted in using 3 million on the 1st part of broken age.
It's not Financial Realities it's the fucking mismanagement of funds. Look at Spacebase DF-9. fun fact Doublefine is hemorraghing money and fig does not require the money raised goes to the product it can go to ANYWHERE they want.
Those who bought Spacebase DF-9 in early access sure aren't
Oh because he didn't intentionally fuck up it doesn't count?
I can't speak for him but... People have foot fetishes. People have fetishes for people shitting. Some people are attracted to floor tiles. It's just some weird ass wiring in the brain.
I posted that one he became a slime using his metamorphosis powers
And of these are the saddest words to be spoken "/pol/ and trump were right."
The pop is followed after the words "Allahu Akbar"
Because they would be racist, islamophobe, xenophobes if they didn't. Thus welcome the literal rape culture in
But... islam is more oppressed than women... but women are oppressed in islam... ERROR ERROR DEFAULTING TO PRAISE ISLAM
I can't afford to give you gold have some [Reddit Bronze](http://img.pandawhale.com/90728-Reddit-Bronze-meme-medal-r3ddi-fdz7.png)
Kodak made the first digital camera didn't it? Or had one in the 80s at least
He clearly converted to pastafarianism. Now he just goes to the place without pasta but still pretty nice
He got thin so he could fit children into his pants
It's populated by ravenous dropbears
Customers are the worst living beings alive. Every single human being should have to work in service for a single year.
I just made it up... I actually havn't heard any Jared jokes before
I never got stutters until source 2
That's a good one
This isn't a fucking slippery slope. If the government ever went full totalitarian like the nazi's any dissidents would be terrorists and stripped of their citizenship and disposed of. Remember: The Revolutionary war for the colonies would be considered terrorists. Another mans Terrorist is just another mans Freedom Fighter. I mean ISIS are fucking despicable but still some would consider them freedom fighters against the western control over the region. Does that make them right? No.
ITS $CURRENT_YEAR THINGS SHOULD CHANGE IMMEDIATELY WE CAN'T KEEP LETTING PEOPLE GET AWAY WITH NOT CHANGING LIKE ALWAYS
*tips fedora*
The useful idiots don't realize they will collapse their own systems
What the everloving fuck FIAAAAA EMBUREEEEM Nintendo and Atlus both agreed to this
I'd cheat I WOULD CHEAT SO HARD
I submitted this months ago but with hype reaching critical mass it is time
CD PRojekt Red's writing makes Bethesda's look like a pile of dogshit. Mainly because Bethesda fired their best writer after morrowind. Witcher 3 also has way more interesting quests and characters. You get waaay more invested than fallout. Bethesda hasn't been the bar for rpg's since Morrowind. After morrowind their story tanked and they focused on LARGER AND BIGGER open world games with no substance. At best Oblivion had great quests for the factions and Daedra but Skyrim was the worst in joining factions and Daedric quests. Most of the daedric quests were pretty dull and uninteresting. The one with the lord of Debauchery was cool. But most were just Fetch quests with uninteresting story.
Uhh... Craft Rings is a feat you know
Source: Xcom 2(Releases February 5th) It's called the Skulljack. I felt this was really Shadowrun
Bullshit its op as fuck I melted shit with igni maxed
Only in long war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY Song link here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY Link to song Some sunny day....
Islam is not a race it is a religion
It's about Ethics in journalism
What the fuuuuuck is this shit
She became a comic book character because of her popularity from the show
PETA the organization of People eating tasty animals
I cut myself on your edge
It's not their fault the media companies are forcing them to crack down
I mean your entitled to do what you want but it sounds like people are blaming netflix
There's a mod to reinstate it. Also they lost the license to use the music
Hendersons GM was not tyrannical he let henderson do everything he did
It had magic that was useless to her after the goblins screwed up the ritual and was causing the goblins physical forms to detoriate she even mentions it during the last session. Essentially it was yes to get rid of the goblins but also dispose of the magical charm that is causing their physical forms to change and detoriate
Frankly this goes beyond henderson. Henderson destroyed an Elder God... This guy destroyed the entire setting.
He destroyed THE world bank and killed a ton of ceos. The nuyen is now valueles
This will create the first hob gobbelin
Japan why
I can't beleive you don't have Bayonetta Moon river on there. Ultimate Climax gets me hyped I love Jonathon Coulton great music. I wonder if RE: Your brains is why he was chosen to write the portal themes?
Comes with x months of insurance. Original backers got lifetime insurance on theirs. Insurance is limited by supplies to the planet that produces the ships. So it might take a while to get your ship back if it is under pirate siege
It's not in mmo yet. I can't actually play it well on my rig atm. I don't intend to play it until release yet
You can jump into hyperspace. Economy is not in yet. The mmo part is barebones atm they are still working on adding hubs for landing on planets and other shit like that. Also no economy yet. Not sure how long until that happens. ATM it's just a fly in a ship sandbox with dogfighting
You should just a put a sex scene right in the center of the paint drying just to make sure they watched it all
Loto it's LOTO
The cleric purchased it's skeleton
The funniest part was we didnt realize it until just after we had the trollrilla fishing for a hydra. Gm had the idea to have it's stomach full of wondrous figurines but he decided not to do so
So it is
I actually looked into the matter... and frankly I think letting in so many refugees is going to cause a major problem with the population not integrating and instead those refugees or economic migrants will be creating their own insular ghettoes. It's already happening in Sweden their jews are migrating much like German jews are now. These people are not tolerant and I doubt it will help integration to have large communities of them living in falling apart ghettoes
Kill genes inserted into male mosquitoes that kill in larval stage They only breed once.
This would of worked a lot better if it was families but a majority are single males. Now I admit some of those single males might actually have families they will be bringing over but if i recall it was like 60-70% single male refugees in germany
I prefer Mithral Breastplate pajamas enchanted with comfort
The best part is he gets so pissed off when you say "Shut up Wesley!"
But... my armor is so COMFY and has 0 armor check penalty
The Ur-Fedora has been found
That dudes badass its like Gamera and Godzilla had a child
His favorite food is Rock Sirloin but to get it he needs to brave Dodongos Cave. All he knows is... Dodongo hates Smoke
Now that i see it like that... pretty fuckign awesome. Don't like the staff though
"Strategic Butt Coverings" Jesus christ. Yes Batman has a cape... but it doesn't exist to cover his butt I fucking swear to god HE HAD IT SINCE THE COMICS INCEPTION. I mean its as if she tried to pick and choose what she wanted to make her argument... I mean Raiden, Snake, and Captain Falcon all exist and have some supreme ass. Like look at Spiderman you see his spandex ass all the time
I like how she used Batman has a cape to say Men are not objectified. HE HAD A CAPE IN THE FUCKING COMICS. Of course she CHerry picks her shit its not like she would ever use Snake, Raiden, or CAPTAIN FALCON as examples of men with their rear ends exposed
Yeah... the heads are a trick unless you have a flaming sword that you use to cut off the heads. (This is after Damage Resistance) So we just went straight body... well everyone managed to roll well our soul knife did like 18 damage. Stalker did something like 18. I did 23. Sorceror did 10 with a magic missile. Then our Shaper's Astral Construct managed to do something like 10 damage. We also had two followers that only did a miniscule amount of damage. I got really lucky I crit. I had actually joked right before and said I fire my Laser Cannon. 8d6 is a bitch. Magical Beast bane, Corrosive, and Fire bolts are a real bitch to deal with.
Your party is at 9th level spells? Wizard op
In a PC game I play Cuban Pete is known for explosions... That shattered a server for a game called Space Station 13 he made an explosive so powerful he blew up the server it overheated +40 in alchemy
After that they implemented bomb caps... see the issue is the game also has atmospherics simulation for EVERY tile in the game.... Every tile changing to 0 and others emptying and or being destroyed at once causes massive issues
Oh and we took out that loan from a lich.
I dunno European left is very sjwish
No idea who the soruce is
Krakens. If they go by airship instead release the flying Krakens
Oh my fucking god they destroyed squirrelgirl
Polaris "We need your podcast to be more family friendly." TB "No" Co-optional now on Cynical Brits channel! What the hell went wrong it was made by Huskystarcraft
Skulls for the Skull throne. Blood for the Blood God!
He's in a fucking hoodie
I see why nurses grow to loathe people. Same with any service job. People are assholes and if they don't get everything they want they go fucking apeshit
Oh god thats horrifying
Dumb fuckers think you should know everything about the store in and out. Bitch please i work on the fucking parking lot. I don't even shop here
My character was an Elf Rockstar who's rise to fame was because he was an adept which is essentially a magic user that has their magic inward and enhances their bodily functions and can do stuff like make you more charismatic etc
Remake metal gear 3... in the fucking fox engine FOR PACHINKO FUCK EVERYTHING FUCK KONAMI WHY ARE WE STILL HERE? JUST TO SUFFER? EVERY NIGHT I CAN FEEL ALL THOSE LOST GAMES THE SERIES IVE LOST THE COMRADES IVE LOST WONT STOP HURTING. ITS LIKE THEY ARE ALL STIL THERE. YOU FEEL IT TOO DONT YOU ALL? WERE GONNA MAKE THEM GIVE US METAL GEAR BACK!
Yeah but when your capable of ripping peoples faces off with ease or fucking crushing skulls you might not want to risk the death of a child or person. Gorillas are eleven times stronger than a human. Chimpanzees im not sure but they have ripped peoples faces off before
Yeah but they have enough money stored up to last a couple decades
Its not like their doing nothing to turn things around. They are working on the NX. The Wii U bombed because LOL SAME NAME. Also they didn't have much third party support because the thing was underpowered
In sidequests in new vegas you had multiple options. With the starting city you could side with the powdergangers and blow up/kill everyone in the settlement. In one mission you could peacefully resolve a conflict between the NCR and the Khans hiding out in a base. You had way more choice in new vegas and the groups actually made sense and didn't act irrationally because you helped one group at one point. All because it wasn't written by Bethesda hacks. Obsidian &gt; Bethesda
They try to make a compelling story by making it a kidnapping story. In an open world game where you can do whatever the fuck you want. Your in no rush to complete the main story. They keep trying to make these stories that are a race against time and then add some big twist like oh your not the main hero the emperors son is and he turns into an avatar of Akatosh to stop Dagon. Or the Enclave is trying to take over a nonfunctional water purifier... I guess to control the water in the DC Wasteland or something? The general for the enclave didn't even know what his robot president wanted to do with the damn purifier.
I have adblock hahahaha
I think it's clear they went with Flashpoint to merge Barry's world with Supergirls since she will now be on the CW BUT MAYBE JUST MAYBE Arrow will be changed
There's been quite a few non-troubled kickstarter games. Wasteland 2. Divinity Original Sin. FTL. *crosses fingers for Torment tides of numenera*
Ever heard of Shadowrun? It's cyberpunk and fantasy mixed together in a real world that diverged from ours in the year 1990.
There's websites like roll20.net where you can roll dice in their roll, abd even 4chan on /tg/(/tg/ is nothing like /b/ it's just for tabletop games) /r/lfg here on reddit is also a place to look for games. You just have to keep looking and I'll be square Roll20 games can turn into flake fests but eventually you can find a solid group
The entire system here in the US is fucked get 20 years for selling drugs. Fuck a child you get 10.
Shadowrun Returns the first one sucks ass. Shadowrun Returns: Dragonfall is AMAZING. Hong Kong is awesome too
They all live in megacities man. Tokyo has 13mil population
Ever notice the games inspired by Berserk are the best JRPGs in recent memory? Dark Souls and Dogma
Don't try and understand the main story because this shit is so convoluted it is insane
I think nat 20 on a skill check should be handled as +5 bonus and you still have to reach a higher dc because of shit like a VERY improbable lie
These are Natural 20s tshirts for all
If anything it sounds like how a Dragon story should be. Plucking the bastards from the sky. Dragons are hundreds of years old they wouldn't be so stupid as to land so the could get attacked
4e has healing surges
Even experts have their bad days
Zoom was from a run in the late 90s im pretty sure
Social Justice is a cancer. They did the same thing with the H. P. Lovecraft having dropped his image as an award because he was racist which is understandable in a way but they are ignoring what he did for the horror genre and ignoring what era he lived in. They also tried accusing Tolkien of being racist saying that orcs were black people. Ignoring that they were probably the most industrialized society in the setting. Even then orcs were just evil personified in the way Tolkien saw industrialism as destroying his homes landscape in england with massive amounts of soot flowing from factories. These people just want to see authors removed because of preconceived notions that white people are bad and they need to self flagellate themselves or get rid of the dirty white man.
Not like they would ever read it in their Gender studies classes anyway.
Shitposting in the offseason is so fucking bad im not coming back until season 3 episode 1
Stoning is so fucking barbaric
Hell he even got a lot of help from 4chan's /v/ in ideas
Islam must be defended under social justice tenants
See heres the thing they will defend islam to the death because they only care about who is the minority in the US ecen if they rape and kill women you will have people defend them
Probably the 1 dex the barb had
Just ignore the THIS IS 3.0 MATERIAL Polymorph Other no longer exists in the rules for 3.5
I would assume that by trading bodies you would keep your mental stats
They are tied story wise. Very vaguely. Shadow fo the Colossus takes place before Ico. Ico takes place after but you only find out at the ending of shadow of the colossus. Last Guardian is presumed to be after Ico.
HAIL THE PROPHET
*stares at hands* I'm so fucked up... Just do it kappa enter the rabbit hole
I want psionics or at the least new classes
Dude... there's a fucking Serpent named Jormungandr that encompasses the entire world. A massive world tree. The main enemies of the Norse Gods are the Frost and Fire Giants which can be absolutely enormous
ZA WARUDO! MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA MUDA
I have to ask how many years of Reddit Gold do you have?
Is that the master sword?
Oddly everyone complains about how Cidney is super sexualized when you have the fucking boyband as the group you play. I bet there's some scene where they take off their shirts and shit and flex or do something provocative
Terracotta Soldiers 76 through 5 million
Miyamoto fucked over Paper Mario so hard.
Miyamoto why would we need story in the paper mario games? People didn't like the story in Super Paper Mario so clearly story isn't needed at all
Might have to do with Nidogg isle considering Nidhogg is a dragon who eats the world trees roots
Most polygmal marriages don't even involve love
Because most of the time polygamy marriages are arranged marriages and don't involve love.
Not just ferengi used it.
But they cant replicate everything they need so is it really post scarcity? I suppose basic needs are met. But there was the discussion on how grown food tasted better than replicated same with cooked.
But she punched God into the sun.
Well siskos dad ran a succesful restaraunt. Presumably there's just something that replicators cant perfectly replicate from a well cooked meal
At least he no longer feels pain. Did you give him undead hit dice instead? I assume he now has all undead immunities too. I'm gonna guess your playing 5e
Good god does her back hurt? Those look enormous
Fuck yes. I've always wanted to play as Zelda/Sheikh. Also hope the gender bend link assholes can buzz off
Raziel you must kill kain and restore the wheel of fate -The Elder God Soul Reaver
Oh please we had 20 beggars last week try and pull that stunt
What? It's clearly a threat that he will chop your head off.
TETSUOOOOOOOOOOO
He finished it last year
"And it's dudette" How fitting. Now man up
Eventually the plane of fire opens again as they attack other planes for oil because they are running out
I have a +40 to hit with my level 19 character
Dragons Dogma was its own originalthing they had a lot more planned for the game like going to the fucking moon. There were also going to be multiple races like cat people
He's 49 and will be 50 in 20 days
They do weekly vidro updates on progress. MMOs take a while especially when they are essentially rewriting the engine they are usung. Last i checked they have procedurally generated planets they plan to populate with cities etc.
You can see the video about procedurally generated planets. Or do you mean the game being delivered?
He does it to display dominance and hes not even a puppy anymore he has glandular problems
I'm seriously not that invested. I check up on progress every 6 months or so. I put down $60 what is with all the negativity?
Yeah because hand designing terrain for entire planets is feasible
You can play the fucking game right now. Holy shit
I think the mobile market might see a crash because so much garbage quality shit si constantly being put
Prepare for Town stuff: nah lets go into the woods to make leather boots instead. Prepare for Dungeon Stuff: We want to pull of a heist in the manor
Talk about what they want to do at the end of session Next session change their minds completely.
Considering no one can vote on this now who gives a fuck?
More illithids
Everyone who has a different opinion from me is an idiot i am enlightened beyond the need of some phony god.
Funny how the people are the bad eggs now and the politicians are the daring heroes who aren't morally bankrupt and corrupt paid for by corporations.
Probably dota 2 the superior game
Well then maybe they should of gone out and voted then?
https://gfycat.com/NippyKindLangur
Dota 2 is considered the mechanically more complex game. All the heroes are free. The only stuff you pay for is cosmetic.
I was the one who helped get it on
Ahahahaha
Ferengi were done best in deep space nine
Kirbys a boy
and in some areas Muslims petition to make owning Dogs illegal. Or straight up poison them
She was transformed to be a "Trophy Wife"
I want to jump to the moon Nat 20 I DO IT!
The DnD team is on a shoestring budget compared to 3.5 Fuck what I wouldn't give for some more base classes or optional prestige class rules. If you could combine the choice of 3.5 with the mechanics of 5e it would be the ultimate edition
Monster babies come out of the bushes screaming MOMMY MOMMY
Juuuust like Skyrim and fallout
Dwarf Fortress 12 years in the making... and another 20 more to come Still amazing
Each head does get to make an attack of opportunity. Its the thing hydras get with combat reflexes. They can attack with ALL their heads. Straight from the SRD "A hydra’s Combat Reflexes feat allows it to use all its heads for attacks of opportunity."
we got one of Unidan's alts here
Master of many forms. Now the red dragon is a blue dragon tadaaa
Another one that can't be screwed by true seeing is Albino Dragons. They just have no pigmentation.
My favorite is Odo. 2nd is quark. 3rd is Sisko.
Legends say if you tame one you can learn to shoot your finger nails like bullets and pierce dimensional barriers.
Found it http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/22116071/ Obongo the Kobold
My hammers are too strong for you traveller
... video games?
We are seperated right now. We are going to meet up in the near future. He's busy being the grinch of a small village who lives in a dusty old manor on the top of the hill overlooking the town... also plotting to overthrow and kill the gods because he is an ur-priest psionic theurge who is going into thrallherd. His parents got killed by the inquisition because he was born a tiefling ---- The 10 years of hell is Bix's background story of course but everything else happened ingame. GM rolled a 1 of 100 and rolled a 20 for the bad thing to be on top of me which resulted in a near ancient dragon living in the nearby volcano showing up
The World over Heaven
Its a good thing we were all vampires when we got timestop
Well it's a fuckhuge elven empire using powerful magical siege weapons to take over. The elven aristocracy is fucking rich and massive. Essentially it's medeival europe... but for some reason it is just turning into the iron age
$CURRENT_YEAR
Dont be a jew kyle. Give me your reddit gold
M'lady *tips fedora*
What do you mean by expected boss? He's a demilich who forsook his body to travel in the astral
Ah this was the first demilich appearance huh
I saw it... it was genuinely amazing visceral and brutal as fuck. The finest work for sending off two rivals they probably could have ever done.
Its a stone statue it is a object
It sounds like 3.5 because the target was permanently stone.
http://dnd.arkalseif.info/spells/players-handbook-ii--80/call-of-stone--3002/ I dunno maybe?
Damn it tell us if its 5e or 3.5 or not
But... what if we are using the warlocks telepathy to communicate silently?
But speech is a free action!
Maybe the king became the deku tree? I mean shit one of the kings of hyrule became a fucking boat
Uh the gods of Ravenloft are the Dark Masters
3.5 is contested
YOu can't escape ravenloft which is why you can't banish someone away
[DEJA VU! Ive just been in this place before!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv13gl0a-FA)
Because ravenloft is rules by the Dark Powers who live off sufferingi and torment and only allow entry in not entry out. Its why Strahd has been suffering for millenia
She actually was only in the books until Witcher 3.
Thats not third party. Forgotten realms is 1st party material
also dndtools is entirely 1st party stuff
There are a lot of agendas on Wikipedia it is in no way reliable
I read nominees as normies
Ss13 gag came from this comic
Shadowrun must of been a real bitch to play. Throwing 20 pencils and all
[Ouya-Tan](http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Ouya+tan+showcase+_3cba2a_5266171.png)
&gt;browse /tg/ all the time &gt;People think im fucking crazy and a pedo for browsing 4chan &gt;Just talk about dungeons and dragons &gt;[We're all normal at 4chan](http://i.imgur.com/KyfTCk9.png)
No man's sky for switch soon.
Deirdre didn't like that.
If i take it off will he die?
Its on the Dailymail
Wasteland 2 was great
We must stop killing eachother
The only person capable of smelling is the horse
For video games there is somethibg similar called christ centered gamer. they give a morality score and a score for how good the game actually is it's rather refreshing that morality doesn't affect the score it's ethical. Er well the how good of a game score is graded seperately from morality
The na'vra are highly inspired by the Naar'u from WoW. In fact the main cosmology is inspired by WoW with hellish aberrations fighting titanic beings.
She doesn't even know she did it
The jews fear the samurai
What the hell did you do to break reddit?
Oh no i was talking 3.5 D&amp;D
Toddlers start screaming and throwing tantrums against free speech surprisingly this does not aid their efforts
When your facing the knights of the round hnnnnggggg Also ravanas theme marvelous
AND THE WAR IT WAGETH ON!
What happens if you don't eat the berry? My karps have always aten it
The Ring of Storms has an absolutely fucking ginormous siberys shard in the qabalrin ruins which are very closely related to blood magic.
its in secrets of xendrik. Talks about qabalrin too. They even have an artifact book vol is looking for
RIP Karparino
Is it going to be good again? I fucking hate them for mocking suburbia and removing the pokemon distance tracker
Trains are piloted by bound elementals. Airships are powered by bound elementals as well. It's magic not sci-fi. Some people like to use the term dungeon punk. I can't find any LED lights in the art i can find. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fc/29/08/fc2908f8af0ab20a478cfabef2246862.jpg https://image.slidesharecdn.com/dd3-150419120237-conversion-gate02/95/dd-35-eberron-city-of-stormreach-3-638.jpg?cb=1429445092 http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2646/3722423631_4846255fc3.jpg Maybe this? They are most likely magic items of continual flame. Because they mass produce them. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/e3/40/0f/e3400fa1546d5e182ae4bfc6b01802f3.jpg Here's the lightning rail which is pulled by a bound air elemental on top of a grid of electrified enchanted stones. Portals and teleportation are okay but airships and magically propelled trains? TOO FAR. It's magic industrialization. Not science fantasy. Some like to call it dungeon punk. The setting is essentially after fantasy land world war 1 with an entire nation magically wiped off the map under mysterious circumstances
Eberron's fucking great i love the setting. You got world war 1 having jsut ended because a country just is straight up GONE. In it's wake a grey mist has covered the entirety of the borders of that country. Everyone's fucking scared that it will happen again and meanwhile everyone's sharpening their knives for war again. Even the queen who wants nothing but good for the people wants to take over because if she is queen everyone will live just and fairly. Then you got the dragonmarked houses all working to make a profit. House Jarasco the healing guild has a hippocratic oath that requires you pay upfront. Of course this rule can be subverted with loans. Then across the sea to the south you have a giant unexplored continent where the land is constantly shifting due to ancient magics unleashed millienia ago. Far to the east you have Super North Korea where spirits from dream land are possessing people and created a continent spanning empire by invading peoples dreams and making them paranoid or go mad. Then creating their own possessed saviors and they want to take over the continent where world war 1 happened and maybe they even caused the events that ended the war who the fuck knows.
Because their good book says dogs are filthy unclean animals like pigs
Are you fucking stupid? They give their consent because they think it's their spouse or significant other
It's in the OP http://www.giantitp.com/forums/showthread.php?527170-Index-of-Minmax-Brilliant-Gameologists-Threads
I implore you scare the hell out of the party inttoduce them to an astral dreadnought
[Is that a motherfucking jojo reference?](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/195/575/abf.jpg)
Yes. He was trying to figure out how to trap and kill a super vampire known as Pillar Men. Instead the vampire contorted it's body went through the air vents and killed the nazis after it ate the villagers. It then jumped into stroheim's body to try and escape. Stroheim then blew himself up with a hand grenade and the vampire had to jump into a well to escape... but it was high noon and Joseph Joestar trapped the vampire returning it to stone. Then Stroheim got rebuilt as a cyborg and was a pretty awesome bro with a machine gun in his chest and he actually fought off one of the super vampires. He showed up later again with UV lights strapped to his cyborg body so he could vaporize vampires and eventually his cyborg innards were aten by a ravenous squirrel which was the pillar mans hand after he ascended and became the ultimate life form. Then while crippled manage to blast the vampire in the neck dazing him. Vampire and main hero go off in a plane chase. Stroheim using only his arms crawled to the airplane and stowed away before it took off. Then at a crucial moment he dazed the vampire once more blasting off his other hand into the vampire necks where the vampire was then launched into a volcano. But the vampire survived and then the vampire accidentally caused the volcano to erupt sending him and the main hero into space. NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN.
It just happened
Netflix is not getting rid of it. FOX is getting rid of it because they want to make their own fucking netflix. Everyone is doing it now they all want a piece of that Netflix pie and it's gonna come crumbling down
IS THAT SOME BOB ODENKIRK? He was made to be saul
SUPREMELY THICC
When they investigate the house it' gonna be pretty clear that someone tore it the fuck apart
I forgot that bit. It's gonna be pretty clear he had a supremely psychotic episode and it was a known issue.
It's my first time painting *Pulls out Starry Night* Please be gentle
If they want to cause bodily harm to multiple people they deserved to be stopped by a bullet
Fox "we want one billion dollars to renew futurama"
Because every fucking company is making their own netflix/moving to Hulu. CBS ALL ACCESS to watch the new star trek show. I'm sure Futurama is a very popular show after all they are keeping everything after the Devil's hands are Idle Playthings.
Look if someone recorded and uploaded your friends death to the internet there is nothing you can do to stop it. You just have to accept it. Almost nothing is ever truly deleted...
/r/gametales /r/dndgreentext
HE FUCKIN WOT M8
If you go whirling frenzy your a human who goes axe crazy
Under sworn testimony an Editor(Senior iirc) for gawker said it was okay to show sex tapes of children as long as they are above the age of 4. They were showing an illegally recorded sex tape (Iirc). He asked they take it down. [They are hypocrites too](http://i.imgur.com/CQ5qgvu.jpg)
http://nymag.com/selectall/2016/03/aj-daulerio-joke-at-hulk-hogan-trial.html [They deserve it the fucking hypocrites.](http://i.imgur.com/CQ5qgvu.jpg) Gawker was not news. Gawker was a shitty gossip rag. They outed a gay man who was on a business trip in Saudi Arabia. Is someone being gay newsworthy? He's lucky he was a business partner or he'd probably have been lashed to death and that's why he advised Hogan on how to prevent their lawsuit insurance from being used so they'd go bankrupt. Hell under sworn testimony their fucking editor said it was okay to publish sex tapes as long as they are above the age of 4. Gawker isn't some bastion of free fucking speech. It was a turd rag.
Kira?
