Avoid the meth.
The Scribd icon looks a lot like Scruff
Not much of a man, making you wait for a bus alone instead of driving you where you need to go or at least riding the bus with you.
Borrow here. And I do have that much capacity of unused credit. My husband would sell elk antlers or the skull (and horns of course) of a bighorn sheep.
Maybe she should date Jesus
Does the tribe that lived there for generations pay him rent?
Pay them more to guard it than to cut it down. Duh.
Thanks Obama, for making coal illegal /s
Cap &amp; Trade And/or "tax the air" such that people who enjoy breathing support the rain forest even if they image they don't need it.
When the forest is gone you don't get paid to guard it anymore.
Among people who use Spotify instead of merely tuning a radio to OTA (Over the Air) programming.
Who will shoot? Oh right, hired guards.
Sarcasm eludes you
Many people who spent their entire 20s partying have none of that. Who is it that missed out and wasted their years?
A lot of people will almost comment
None of my inlaws know we're married.
TL;DR Blackmail worked for /u/ToolPackinMama
But will they schedule your work around your classes?
Because people who make burritos also need to live
This new color they didn't discover; what does it smell like?
The courage and self respect to not continue a one-way relationship = leaving. Is that what you did, did you leave ?
Call the accused to the witness stand
But his loyalty to Israel exceeds Bernie's Edit : spelling
We should have zero tax rate and infinite growth! That's your logic.
Reagan nearly tripled the size of the tax code It's simplified!
Yet we've been doing the opposite of what needs to be done for 30 years
And somehow we also built infrastructure that was the envy of the world - and now it's crumbling
&gt; boy I prefer men
Rejected how? Did you say "fuck off, cunt"? Or did you remain silent?
At work, you might have work to do. Is it okay at work to just work while ignoring chatter about current events such as last night's TV shows and this week's movies?
My husband and I got married for US. None of our family members know.
You know your office climate better than some random Joe on reddit. Go with the minimum response possible. "Thanks, now if you don't mind I have work to do and I'm sure you do too". Heck like that it almost sounds like you didn't enjoy the "win". Which is fine if you're trying to prove you aren't gloating. Humility or something like that
If you care enough you create new accounts
Whoever downvoted prefers boys?
You should see the insides of its stomachs
What did they "win"?
Why?
He can speak in metaphors but expects us to believe every word in the Bible is literally true.
It'd been a while, but in don't recall phone booths having the ability to record calls.
That's okay. I recorded it too as per your permission in the intro.
If your menu tree told the caller "this call may be recorded" why would the caller tell you they accepted your offer? Wouldn't the caller probably prefer to get right down to whatever issue it is that prompted them to call?
The call center copy of the recording is for their use. My copy is for my use. I've been on hold a while and heard more than once that the call may be recorded. When the call center agent finally comes on the line, I'm not going to repeat their permission to them; I'm going to get right down to business regarding whatever it is that I'm calling about.
I don't have to tell you because you already gave permission when your menu system said "this call may be recorded. .."
Their automated greeting said "this call may be recorded..." so I did.
Your automated greeting said "this call may be recorded" That's permission if I want it to be. If anyone knows of any case law where a court ruled that "may be recorded" really means "may NOT be recorded" I'd be excited to read about it.
How deep from your tract can you puke?
Or Kirk Cameron 's penis
You learned that from my dog, didn't you?
This is why you should chew your food thoroughly .
Maybe he didn't chew
I just look it up (google) again the next time I wanna cook it
Welcome to the new normal. It's phat.
Won't even help a guy accomplish his mission. SMH
Many of those units are already occupied by rats and roaches.
It's depressing to be homeless. Drugs and alcohol distract one from the reality of homelessness.
Tennessee can thank "small government defenders of freedom" for this
These stories confirm we made the right choice : The only people at our wedding were my husband and I, a minister (with mail-order credentials) and the minister's mom (as witness) There was also a soccer team at practice 150-ish yards away, as we had our minimalist ceremony in a municipal park.
As a Wyomingite who wasn't seen a temperature above 30°F ( -1°Canadian ) in over a week, I think you exaggerate.
And I'm having a difficult time understanding which one is written in the top post.
In most US states, the highest paid public employee is a university athletic coach. Edit : someone downvoted the truth, yet can offer no rebuttal
Tl;Dr You're horrified by capitalism
I don't benefit from being able to buy a new product merely because said new product suddenly exists. * can I afford new product? * is new product useful to me?
The money needs to come from somewhere, this is true. Who has the money? Almost all of the growth in the economy in the past 20 years has gone to the already richest people. That's who has the money, so that's where the money should come from.
You forgot to subtract food stamps and other welfare programs that disappear when Basic Income is implemented
While the blame can certainly be shared, who got all the profits?
Lots of blame to go around, that's for sure. So who was it that ended up with all the money after the crash?
Tuition is an investment in people
Where is all the money now? How much bigger are the *too big to fail* banks now than when they got bailed out? **Where is the money now?**
And Section 8, and ....
That's not my position at all. But if you follow the money you'll see that the money and the blame did not get allocated in their respective proportions. As to the question of where to assess taxes: tax those who have the money.
Most agents aren't rational and no information is perfectly symmetrical. Capitalism doesn't give a damn about negative externalities and never will.
Millions in donations aren't *to* any particular candidate. Coal mining corporation donates millions to 501(c)4 organization called "Blue Skies for America" Blue Skies produces advertisement and buys air time (and cable TV / satellite time) to run said advertisement. Advertisement says something to the effect of "Congressman Shmoee wants to triple your electric bill. Don't re-elect him. this message paid for by Blue Skies for America" See how that was millions donated but not *to* any particular candidate?
You would have to outbid the largest banks on Wall Street
There's costs involved in freezing it.
I don't think you appreciate the advantages you have by being born to a dedicated teacher. Many kids' parents don't care about education at all.
The home refrigerator uses more electricity year around than any other appliance. The commercial ice machine is a special kind of refrigerator, and it uses even more electricity than a home refrigerator. Should a cup of ice cost a dollar? No, but it certainly wasn't "free" for the store to make it for you
You don't have to feel guilty to acknowledge that you have advantages others didn't have. Who told you that you have to feel guilty?
I hadn't thought of that. I'll go ask my amputee friend if he has feet now.
* Latter
His collar is too tight
If the pump for that well runs on electricity, turn off the electricity to the site
&gt; wait for them to get bored And hungry, and thirsty, and run out of toilet paper. ...
I suspect water only rises up from that well when an electric well pump has electricity
I saw that on facebook too
The water probably comes from a well. Cutting off the electricity will disable the well too.
Open range is a thing.
How many cases of canned beans did he bring?
You only described Portland. Eastern Oregon is rednecks.
White Privilege
How does he have time for this? Shouldn't he get a job and go to it?
In my unprofessional opinion, the best thing to do is cut the utilities and barricade the supply routes and wait for the Bundy Militia to surrender.
The poachers and arsonists don't even want the "help" of the Bundy "militia"
There might be only a dozen of them too
I don't think you understand how Open Range works
It's easier to spell SCUBA if you remember that it's an acronym for Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus
I'm not confident that compression turns water to ice. Ice is bigger (less dense) than water.
I'm not in the chain of command, but here's my plan: Cut off all utilities to the site. Barricade the site so that no supplies can go in. Wait for them to run out of toilet paper, at which point they will surrender.
150, a dozen. But who's counting?
Someone probably brought an autographed copy of one of Glenn's books. That will give them one extra day after they run out of toilet paper.
I think the 150 number may have been regarding the rally many miles away. The Bundy "militia" in the gift shop / office at the wildlife refuge is fewer by an order of magnitude.
The Bundy boys crossed 3 states to get there
There was more than one fire.
On the BLM land in Nevada where gramps Bundy runs his cattle for free, yes. I have not heard of a tortoise being involved in Oregon. Whereas the occupied building is on a wildlife refuge, so there are probably tortoises. Endangered? Who knows.
Most of the inbred terrorists on display today came from other states for this event
&gt; same area For those of us not in that county, the protest and the occupation occurred in the same county, but many many miles of snow and ice covered 2 lane roads separate the protest from the desolate wildlife refuge
I think there may have been more people at the protest in town, while it lasted. After the protest I think only a dozen or so went many miles to the wildlife refuge where they broke in and apparently set up camp
Whether you tipped, or paid a higher price for your meal and the restaurant paid a living wage, you still left the restaurant with a fuller belly and less full wallet.
But not enough for an apartment
Most McDonald's outlets are franchise. The owner of the brand doesn't have as many burger flippers on payroll as it would appear based on the number of stores.
The Bible makes no such distinction; if We The People choose to pool our resources via an organization (be it a church, a non-secular charity, or even a government) we can do that If that's how we want to give to the poor. The Bible never says "don't be organized when being charitable"
Not at all; there all all sorts of things government does specifically for various minority groups. Remember, courts are a branch of government too. For example, courts let gays (clearly a minority) participate in marriage despite a straight majority who wanted to keep marriage exclusively their own.
Those people can still support the poor through private / religious charity instead if that's their preference, and it's generally tax deductible so they can pay less taxes. People who don't want to a support war don't get to choose to divert their taxes either. Boo hoo. Taxes don't get spent only how one taxpayer chooses. Boohoo.
I'm not in Canada, but I have 2 elk shoulders (not wrapped at all) hanging right outside my back door going on 3 weeks. The first 2 weeks were below freezing the whole time. The last 3 days barely got above freezing for an hour in the afternoon. Last week when we brought in a hind quarter to debone and butcher into steaks, roasts, and ground meat, it had to thaw in the house for over 24 hours before we could even cut into it. In many parts of the world, our ancestors left meat hanging outside for months at a time in the winter, and somehow our human species survived.
I'm way beyond country of origin. I know exactly where the elk in my freezer was last standing and grazing.
It's only against the law if you get caught
3rd reason : cold Although smoke and salt do still exist.
Outside of this acute stage with the Toxoplasmosis (and the emotional turmoil of the recent diagnosis) it's easier to care for a HIV+ partner than a diabetic
Tell us what you imagine the rate of kidney failure due to PrEP might be. Make sure you include all the leading zeros.
It's not my homework for you to support your claims with studies. It's your responsibility to do so, and thank you for doing it.
AnCaps do, and some libertarians question many government activities
The IRS doesn't care if some or all of your income is "dirty money". All they care is you paid them their percentage.
And how much of the whole safety net do those provide ?
Employers want to pay as little as possible
&gt; still a few hundred dollars in there &gt; down payment on a house You'll need to add money to that account regularly to reconcile those 2 statements. Lots of it.
Are there salt mines with elevators in every state?
It government regulations that got the children out of the mines the last time
See also : http://www.opednews.com/populum/pagem.php?f=Reforming-Wall-Street--Br-by-Bernie-Sanders-Banks_One-Percent_Rating-Agencies_Too-Big-To-Fail-160106-276.html
&gt; mostly eradicated Only smallpox is eradicated, and it's not on the recommended vaccination schedule
Frequent flyers get more radiation from being at 30,000 feet for hours at a time than they get at the security screening
I didn't lose a dime in it
&gt; twins Twins are double trouble. Maybe you prayed a tiny bit *too* much
Those aren't beans. Intestines
Overall, yes. Specifically for Social Security tax? No.
Why? Many people with the very high incomes probably set some aside and don't even need the Social Security check of a median beneficiary.
On top of the even heftier check from the other retirement investments. SS is supposed to (not entirely successful) make sure no old person has to sleep under a bridge, eat from trashcans, and beg. High earners rarely end up destitute in their older years, but if one does because reasons, SS should match median
Those who want the cap on benefits to be removed if the cap on contributions is removed apparently are OK with SS providing a very comfortable life all on its own.
The "insurance" you bought in the Social Security Insurance scheme is insurance that when you're old you won't be so poor that you have to sleep under a bridge, eat from trashcans and beg.
That's more than enough so that you can afford to live indoors and eat food. It's actually enough for you and several other elderly people to live indoors and eat food. And that's how it will be paid out. You'll be fine though, because at your higher income , you invested in a retirement plan and already have no problem affording to live indoors and eat food.
Were you out sick the week of Kindergarten when the concept of *sharing* was presented?
6.2% = 6.2%
What about laborers? Should a bricklayer still be laying bricks at 75? Can he?
You can still take pride in being successful. And will still be wealthier than those to whom your wealth was redistributed.
Maybe he learned the laborer skillset at an institution for the developmentally disabled, and this or assistant janitor are probably his "peak".
And thanks to SS, he won't have to live under a bridge if his retirement fund collapsed. If he wanted to take several cruises each year, he should have chosen a different retirement plan. There are literally hundreds of private retirement account options
If he did only the same things with them, and they had insufficient viral load to be infectious when he met them, you probably didn't catch it. But that a lot of "if"s so get yourself tested several times during the next 6 months. Surely you share some responsibility for your contribution to this risk of exposure.
Why does that matter? Gilead said they would help with your deductible if you need help with it. They didn't say they'd only help if your deductible was consolidated.
What are the incidence rates of those known side effects? (How many people out of 1000 who take it experienced that side effect)
Were there spiders in there?
Is was necessary. It was necessary to treat his phimosis.
Are you available to babysit?
You Suck at Cooking
Trick Question: If they were thinking they wouldn't be AnCap
That's very ambitious, especially considering the quality of your work thus far. Good Luck!
'merca
Wyoming. Not India.
Remove
&gt; Vice President She appears to know some vices
&gt; actual photographs that they took Maybe that's why OP didn't get a more positive response
Estimated quarterly goes towards your total tax liability. Therefore it includes your social security and Medicare taxes. At your income level, those might add up to more than your income tax.
Why?
For those commentors who think it doesn't look *real* How about this one? https://www.instagram.com/p/BAYHb14G8DC/
What happened to "shootings only happen at Gun free zones" ?
How about ordinary negative effects?
For the past 7 years the NRA has been shrieking "Obama is gonna grab yer guns". It's going to be hard for them to admit that this series of Executive orders does no such thing.
Is he well hung? Did you smell it too, to offer a 2nd opinion?
Money allocated for enforcement = tighter enforcement
Have you considered getting tap water out of a tap? In most of the US it's perfectly safe. Flint Michigan notwithstanding
What if I told you Nestlé is evil in multiple ways?
Invest in a reverse osmosis filter or a Brita pitcher, because the bottled water is no better than filtered tap water
If the Trans Pacific Partnership and similar treaties were in place , this lawsuit would go nowhere.
Fabulous
&gt; if they can make an incandescent bulb more efficient than an LED Can they?
What took you so long?
Don't commute. Live close to work.
/r/wildlifephotography
If that's where you're going to work, yeah. While you're in Riverton for a day to visit as per top post, drive to Lander and back to help you decide whether you want to drive it 5 days a week in all kinds of weather. If you're coming from Evanston, you'll probably pass through Lander first anyway. So go straight at the light and go to the west end of Lander instead of turning right and going directly to Riverton. Maybe check out the Lander Pioneer Museum while at the west end.
If these values represent actual cash such as might be found in a sock drawer or under a mattress, they can never be less than zero. Edit : grammar
Ending minus starting = activity since -5 minus 10 = -15 This despite the fact that you can't have negative cash. Maybe you end up with zero cash accompanied by an IOU, but you can't end up with negative cash.
Download it once, and copy it at will within your internal LAN
PDF
It sounds like you've already invested some time in learning Quickbooks. Without knowing more about your business, I'm going to guess Quickbooks will be an adequate tool. There are also books on Quickbooks, such as one from the "For Dummies" series. I found it quite helpful when I was getting started. I have Quickbooks for Windows desktop. It allows me to create as many company files as I want. I use these practice companies to play with and do exercises from the For Dummies book without messing up my real books. I don't know if the online edition of Quickbooks also has sample/practice companies. Another thing that helped me starting out was to look up Quickbooks Trainers. I found one affiliated with the University and she was able to give me one-on-one assistance for free! Finally, if you use a CPA for your taxes, he or she will probably give you some small amount of free advice because they want your books to be easy to work with come tax time. I foolishly attempted my own taxes my first several years in business. When I finally admitted I needed a CPA, he helped me set up me Chart of Accounts. Your Chart of Accounts is very important to setup correctly. Finally, timely data entry is very important. Don't let a big pile of stuff stack up! I don't know anything about your business, but I only spend an hour or 2 a week on bookkeeping and maybe double that around the end of each month.
It depends how much you ship. USPS has "if it fits it ships" flat rate boxes. Fed-X and UPS offer some level of assistance if you ship enough stuff with them.
I got some business cards made for free by signing up for email spam. I don't have one in front of me right now or I'd type the url of the printing company (it's in small print on the back). I'm sure you can find it on Google
I got one that does have a deductible. Specifically, a deductible that qualifies me for a Health Saving Account. I save a lot on my taxes by fully funding my HSA with pre-tax dollars, and then using that account to pay deductibles and copays as they occur. I was unaware that there are any zero deductible plans on the ObamaCare Exchanges
If you have an employee they might want to buy you out
I'm not in commercial signage, but I've owned my business for over 11 years and expect to pass it on to my somewhat younger spouse when i die. I bought it when the previous owners wanted to retire and none of their adult children wanted to take over. They had it for over 20 years. There are a plethora of small family owned business owned by multiple generations of the same family, therefore it is very much *feasible*.
A bank account might be liquid, but it's not cash. See my other reply about how you didn't put the operands in the right order.
Well again, a flat rate box from the postal service is a flat rate. UPS and Fed-X don't necessarily use whole states as some states are divided. There isn't a unique rate to every zip code, but zip code is the geographic subdivision you'll need to determine rates with those two. Call them and tell them how many shipments you have each month. Even though Amazon ships them for you right now, you should be able to figure out how many get sold per month.
Treatment makes a difference too. Research isn't the only thing that makes a difference.
No. The formula is [ending] minus [starting]. You put [starting] minus [ending].
I don't think Center for Medical [something] published raw footage.
Most GOP candidates and many GOP primary voters care that Planned Parenthood supposedly "sells baby parts for profit" even though fetal tissue isn't "baby parts" and recouping a portion of costs (sterile containers, refrigeration, shipping) isn't "selling" and there was no "profit" (more money coming in than the activity costs)
&gt; sell tissue They don't. The recover a portion of the cost of putting the **donated** tissue in sterile containers and refrigerating it and shipping it.
That information comes from carefully edited videos
The fetal tissue was donated by the women who grew it in their uteri. It never "belongs to" Planned Parenthood even though Planned Parenthood assumes responsibility for disposal if not donated or preparation and shipping if donated. Perhaps you forget that if the tissue wasn't donated to be used for worthwhile causes, it would go in the trash.
It's definitely worth a try
Maybe she's in thousands of facebook groups and participates on thousands of active facebook pages.
The French Revolution addressed this problem with Guillotines. It was a temporary patch at best.
Your beloved and worshipful "job creators" have dropped the ball, and are NOT putting it back in circulation as you imagine.
Credit Unions exist for a reason
Donsld Trump thanks you for your de-facto support
More evidence that Trump doesn't understand the job description of POTUS
He calls Sarah Palin "Mom". That's plenty of trauma
What subreddit is this?
People who recognize economic reality when we see it
Not at a lot of banks
Maybe *you* do. Many banks don't.
No. The logic is to maximize fees from people who are already broke.
Big banks have credit cards that charge double digit interest rates
My cash based business needs to deposit cash, most of that as coins.
&gt; Chase, only because I had no other choice You live in a place with zero credit unions?
Nor did WF change features per the customer request to change said features despite saying "yes, your feature change is effective immediately"
&gt; poor slob making $100,000 Or 15,000, for that matter. Because someone making $100,000 a year isn't a *poor* slob
TIL 15 Billion Dollars has no bearing on anything related to economics
Thousands of branches, many of them very far away from the neighborhoods where the only thousands of people (according to you) who the big banks want to serve.
Banks are owned by investors. Investors want profits. Profits are squeezed out of customers in order to benefit the investors. Credit Unions are owned by members. I'm not merely a customer of my credit union, I'm also part owner. Credit Unions don't face the difficult choices that banks have to make when any particular choice might benefits investors at the expense of customers, because for the credit union there is no separate group "investors" versus "customers"; for the credit union there are only "members"
How does one go about buying a lottery ticket far far away without going there? How much did you spend on your winning lottery ticket?
&gt; Congress can't pass a law that restricts religious practice SWEET Now I can kidnap a virgin and transport her across state lines and there is nothing the government can do about it - because we're on our way to the volcano for a sacrifice! When laws against kidnapping across state lines restrict my religious practice of throwing virgins in volcanoes, those laws are unconstitutional!
&gt; Social Contract Libertarians and AnCaps never signed
Can't have morality with religion either
It's God's Will. It's not our place to question
Can you name any unconstitutional executive orders and explain why they are unconstitutional? Will you go all the way back to Saint Reagan's executive orders ?
So you can't name a single one either
If you're such a great doctor, why aren't the other specialists flocking to the "board" you created to make yourself "board certified" ?
Prison doesn't have a good return, unless you're an investor in a privately owned prison..
Neither Rand Paul not Donald Trump has a plan that builds up the middle class. You're thinking of making the already wealthy even more so.
Amen
Have you reviewed his history in the Senate?
Silly redditor, conservatives only want to conserve money. Fuck the environment.
If you want to see more polite and intelligent debates, you need to watch the debates if the other party
You left a word out.
What "sensible regulations" do you imagine Rand Paul supporting?
Who was clean safe drinking water taken away from when government water programs eliminated cholera by giving us clean safe drinking water?
&gt; Europe The post you praised is only about one tiny sliver of Europe, namely Austria
Around here, taxpayers support nearly everything at the fire department except the salaries of the volunteer firemen. The fire protection district is a line item on my property taxes, as is the case with nearly all volunteer fire departments
&gt; sealed borders Not in the Europe on the Earth I live on.
And when you get there, remember that Rand Paul said it's the government that's getting in your way
TIL EHR systems are written by bureaucrats
Nobody is going to force you to get a life saving surgery, certainly not a government bureaucrat.
How much does medical school cost in Europe, or Cuba?
I want my street to constantly be torn up as competing electric, gas, phone, water, sewer, and cable companies lay and service their lines
&gt; what's the harm in leasing land Do we bulldoze the houses on your side of the street , or the other side of the street to create the utility easement that fits infinite competitors?
Which individual states have a budget surplus sufficient to fund basic scientific research?
Therefore nobody should study any science. Quick: alerts Rand Paul and tell him he doesn't want to cut enough from science; he should eliminate the science budget entirely
Does the uterus - haver have no rights?
Because **Liberty**
Your vote can still make a difference, but only in the primaries
As a libertarian you should want government to stay out of mental health. Also, you can choose to not take SSI. Nobody forced you to apply and cash the checks. Now put on your Asperger boots and pull yourself up!
&gt; government intervention Please explain why other nations spend less and get better outcomes
That has exactly zero to do with the cost of medical school
Why not? Are you trapped in a cave with no light other than one small screen?
You don't have to post a selfie. I think I might have only 1 or 2 photos of myself on IG. Many people have zero photos of themselves
No, I will not DM you for dick pics
Did you ask him in a comment?
Everything I've ever seen on Instagram is square. Not sure what you mean by landscape in the context of Instagram
And then what gets posted? All I ever see is square. The cropping happens automatically before choosing filters. Edit: Wow. I had no idea. Still haven't seen it used though. https://www.facebook.com/help/instagram/1469029763400082
That tax cuts for the rich will eventually result in a higher standard of living for everyone
The biggest issue with Cruz should be his theocratic leanings. He said : **"I'm a Christian first and American second** imagine if a Muslim said that sort of thing?
She's still a sociopath
Laziness among journalists doesn't prove she isn't a sociopath, which she is.
Defeating Hillary happens at the ballot box during the primaries
Sloppy or not, she's still a sociopath
More background checks in more places doesn't take away any rights
That's exactly what someone with PPD would say.
You've made a good argument. For fixing the no-fly-list system. Do you support fixing the no fly list? You've also made a good argument for Obama's recent Executive Order putting more agents on duty at the background check system, and against congressional efforts to reduce funding for same.
That's why I got downvoted - for mentioning the ballot box
&gt; don't know much about Clinton If you did, you'd agree the word fits
&gt; how many times? Never, but they did cite a God of Nature
What Christian ideals do you feel are embodied by Raphael Cruz? Healing the sick? Fuck that Feeding the hungry? Fuck that Housing the homeless? Fuck that Loving your neighbor? Fuck that unless they attend the same church
Someone did.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Is+Hillary+Clinton+a+sociopath+
Candidates get defeated at ballot boxes isn't an *opinion* It's how the system works
Thank you for your intelligent contribution to the conversation
The current background check system only affects *acquire* (and then only when acquired from a licensed dealer) and there are no proposals to change that. Sane gun owners understand that, but ammosexuals don't.
None of those examples of *informal* militia meet any of those definitions of *well regulated* But we've drifted off topic haven't we? So when are you getting that Paranoid Personality Disorder treated?
&gt; in good working order The firearms, or the militia members who own those firearms? How is *good working order* evaluated? Are the sights accurate? Does the firing pin strike the primer only when the trigger is pulled? These would be the *good working order* of the firearms, not the militia members who own those firearms. Able bodied? Sane? Member of a terrorist organization? Those evaluations are about the people, not their guns. And that 3rd one may be "in good working order" from the perspective of a terrorist organization but an undesirable characteristic to anyone opposed to terrorism.
It probably won't hurt OP to dance and swim until his parents come around to his way of thinking OR he gets "old enough" (whatever that means)
But he can eat grilled veggies even if the grill was also used to cook meat.
This video has been removed
I did. That's how I knew *well regulated* is in the same clause as *militia* and **not** in the same clause as *arms*. Tell us again why you think *well regulated* means your magazine won't jam.
Schools (and sane parents) don't serve candy for breakfast. Yes, it's "food". No, it's not *well balanced*. Thanks for trying.
&gt; necessary aspect &gt; have the proper tools Training is also a necessary aspect. Tools (guns) alone to every person who wants one doesn't make for a *well regulated* militia
Probably whatever gets them accidentally shot on the middle of the night by the PPD person in their household because the fridge made a noise
&gt; imposition of proper discipline and training Why haven't you advocate this as a prerequisite for buying a gun? In most states training is a prerequisite for a concealed carry card, and even you know that concealed carry holders rarely turn to crime
Great idea! Why doesn't the NRA demand it of every politician who gets a "report card" ranking from them?
I'm not trying to do away with private ownership of firearms. Where did you get that Paranoid delusion?
Unless we can buy grenade launchers at Walmart with the same background check as a bolt action 30.06, it's you who missed the point.
&gt; natures god See the Declaration of Independence http://www.archives.gov/exhibits/charters/declaration_transcript.html Why doesn't the DoI or the Constitution mention Jesus?
Christians laying claim to *Nature's God* doesn't make it so. Why isn't Jesus mentioned in the DoI or the Constitution?
I learned about this a long time ago. Didn't know it had a name
My Shoshone inlaws think this was funny. I think this will help me convince them to play sometime
TIL ....
*knew
TIL : 16-9= 3
In 'merca
The land has. Some of the people have. The geopolitics haven't
Persian
A grocery store armed robber was once caught and convicted thanks to me turning off the automatic door opener during a robbery. I thought I was really cool until 3 days later when I heard on the radio that a different armed robber had just gotten out of prison after a long sentence for blowing a clerk's head off during a robbery
Go to New Mexico and visit a Pueblo
There is an old woman selling silver and turquoise jewelry on the side of the road in New Mexico. Prove her family hasn't been making jewelry and growing chile peppers and squash and corn for 52 generations, because she's pretty sure they have been
We the People The US Government is *us*. That's who **we** is, even if you didn't personally participate.
I can't prove it, but I have suspicions that Raphael Cruz is a secret Cuban double agent sent here to destabilize the US Government from the inside. He's really proud of shutting down the government for a few weeks several years ago
I hope you pissed on her grave too
I rented a van to drive my mother and older brother to our stepfather's funeral along with our half brother. I can't say I particularly cared much for him most of my life but we had a nice chat a month before he died, and I got a different perspective on him between that chat and his death. While I don't agree with his methods, I now appreciate that he probably promised my father (his best friend when I was 6 years old) that he would look after his best friend's family if anything ever happened, which unexpectedly did. The drive with my family was totally worth it.
That film won't fit on a DVD
&gt; airstrips under mountains I don't think it works like that
Well, don't leave us hanging. Did you get oranges or tangelos?
The vast majority of the genocide occurred after the founding of the USA. But you do have a point in that it began under the rule of King George
I once painted a wall that eventually had paintings hung on it
A link with more details http://www.opb.org/news/series/burns-oregon-standoff-bundy-militia-news-updates/lockdown-harney-county/
They aren't convicted yet
More lifelike
What makes you think it was wasted? I anxiously await the FBI inventory listing "half a barrel of lube"
How much further will they have to raise the bar before they figure out that velcro and 12 pocket expanding file can be shipped to post office boxes?
Silly advertising executive; thinks his freedom of expression includes forcing others to hear and see his advertisements
The Bundy Militia http://www.hcn.org/articles/malheur-occupiers-1-dead-7-arrested-finicum
In your well-informed opinion, how many pet dinosaurs did Jesus have?
One of his colleagues says he charged at officers. In his own YouTube channel he said he'd rather die than go to prison.
Where do you find hamsters in need of rescue? How many have you rescued from the rectum of Richard Gere?
Were you ever forced at gunpoint to cook Stone Soup for occupying soldiers? Do you have a recipe to share with us?
If you bother to watch his YouTube channel, it's clear he'd rather die than go to prison. Derp.
His colleague who explained what happened isn't a cop.
You should give a fuck what he feels, because the Bundy claim that Finicum surrendered unarmed is totally out of characters with everything he has ever said and done since he first started his YouTube channel. The blowhard who recently bragged how he wouldn't spend life in a concrete box won't.
"Oh no, won't someone please think of the doctors!" Even in Germany, Japan, Canada, UK, Australia, Sweden etc doctors are upper middle class people who can afford to live in a nice house in a nice neighborhood and drive a nice car and take their family on vacation and help their children with college.
Capitalism always works. In America it works best for those who own the most capital. It's remarkably efficient at allocating scarce resources to those who already have the most. Edit: spelling
For the price of a hip replacement in the US, a person could go to Spain, get a hip replaced, stay for a year and learn Spanish, go to the Running of the Bulls, get another broken hip and get another hip replacement surgery.
But with Crosses instead of Star &amp; Crescent
Trump didn't merely boycott a Fox News debate, he did it for *reasons*. The guy who claims he can stare down China, Russia, and ISIS doesn't have the balls to face off against a "bimbo" (his words, not mine)
*this one time, on facebook ...*
Scandinavians say you're lying
How many viewers did his competing event siphon off from Fox?
Maybe not, but Bernie Sanders is promoting Scandinavian solutions
What if paying your rank and file employees a higher wage was an option for companies caught with "too much" cash on hand?
&gt; Oil A barrel of oil costs less than a bucket of fried chicken
His employer offers a shitty plan and he shouldn't hold his employer responsible for that?
If you got a premium subsidy from the Healthcare.gov website, the insurance company has to report that you paid your premium in order for them to collect your APTC (advance premium tax credit) aka subsidy. If you make so much money that you can't get a subsidy, congratulations, you're middle class. If your income is so low that you can't get a subsidy you get Medicaid. If your state didn't expand Medicaid you don't have to have insurance nor do you have to pay a penalty for failing to have insurance
They have a Yelp!
I don't think you're going to get the data you want by scanning the Barcode on your walmart receipts. Maybe if you OCR scan the entire receipt, then use spaces as the column separators .... I use an app on my phone to store my shopping list. There are many apps that do this. The paid version of the one I use has some sort of desktop synchronization feature, but I've never used that part of it. What I'm saying is maybe you want to capture the data you're looking for (how many juice boxes, etc) at a different point in your supply cycle.
Ask your CPA to be sure, but for tax purposes I don't think you need to care whether a deductible business expense was "toys" versus "snacks" versus "baby wipes" . You just need to keep the receipts for 7 years in case you get audited. For your own business management purposes you might want to distinguish those things but I don't think your IRS forms have separate line items. Have you considered / can you afford small business bookkeeping/accounting software such as Quickbooks or Peachtree etc? I know that's not open source , etc. But it might suit your needs better. I'm not a daycare, but I am a sole-proprietor small business. I use Quickbooks for my accounting but also have several spreadsheets for tracking some business activities that don't fit easily into Quickbooks
If auto insurance covered blown engines, they would give away oil and filter replacements with zero deductible, the same way health insurance covers Flu shots and other preventative care with zero deductible
&gt; before coverage kicks in Lots of preventative care is covered with zero deductible.
What was the increase between 1994 and 2004?
Can confirm. My husband and I made a quilt from old denim jeans and we're both gay.
I read it, have never heard of it until now, and didn't Google it. And I'm not going to
&gt; better *worse* works here too
&gt; predators Hippos are herbivores. But they will eat you anyway because they are mean.
&gt; mushroom Pics. For science.
&gt; they I was told this by members of the flight crew. Who will probably die in the crash if I do. And probably won't be involved in the forensics in the unlikely event they survive the crash.
Are you speaking from experience here?
Not just *anyone* Marksmanship is a skill not everyone is born with
If not at first, you are by the time it's over
But if we taxed their earnings like labor they would lose all motivation to work.
It is already done. Everything except the branding.
He's in a trash bag. For now.
&gt; Did the bus keep going? Or did the driver pull over and apologize? Kept going. Wasn't his fault and there was nothing he or she could have done. I watched it happen. &gt; Are you gonna bury the dog in your yard? No. But if I don't preserve his coat I'll probably take him to the mountains. &gt; Got any cool, funny, weird, sad, crazy, and/or scary stories to tell? Ghost story would be amazing if you have one Sad? My dog just died. Maybe he will give us a ghost story overnight. &gt; What is your purpose in life? Without my dog? None. Kidding. It's great to be of service in various ways. &gt; What keeps you going each day? Without my dog? Nothing. Kidding. Debt. Gotta work.
Not a joke. Every mammal has enough brains for transforming it's skin into leather through a simple yet labor intensive process. Keeping the hair on the leather is slightly less labor intensive than scraping it off. But I'm only leaving the hair on because he has a beautiful coat, not because it's less work.
His skin is all in one piece, but split open at the abdomen under the pressure of the bus. Some of his entrails were severed. Other than that still in one piece. I'll skin him later today just as I skinned a deer whose hide is now buckskin.
Everyone who knew this dog is going to miss him. Especially me. Instead of preserving his coat to hang on my wall and see every day, what would you prefer I do? Lock myself in a dimly lit room with a gallon of ice cream and cry? Obviously those aren't the only 2 possibilities, but given those two for example, which one honors his memory better 5 years from now?
Only if the have a shoulder injury
He got ran over by a bus yesterday
If there is any fraud, it's that OP is in collections for *not* visiting the ER in 2015. When he calls them out on it via the credit bureau, several things might happen. The collections might say "oops my bad, we meant 2010". Or they might do nothing and let it fall off.
It's good advice in general, but it's irrelevant unless OP made a recent payment. He said he's been quietly waiting for it to age off.
&gt; regretted it Of course you did. Everyone who does that sort of thing regrets it. But what to do next? Pretend you never did that horrible thing, and make the most of each day together. Create beautiful memories. Because you never know how long it will last. BTW, nothing is permanent. Are there couples who've been together 60+ years? Yes. They are the exception and it's not realistic to assume your relationship(s) will last that long. So make the most of the time you do have.
Getting tested would be best. Make getting tested a habit. Do it every 6 months. Every 3 months in you're getting laid a lot.
I think you should be more concerned about blacking out. Do you do this often? Do you know what causes it?
Why get tested for HIV (only)? Unprotected sex puts you at risk for lots of other things too. Get tested for all STIs
Forget trying to "win her back". She's not a "prize" and life isn't a "contest". You should go back to having sex with her because you both need sex.
Legislation didn't compel GS to sell resell crap mortgages as super-duper.
Paranormal? These might be: When I was a kid, our family would sometimes go have pancakes with dozens of people at the home of a retired teacher was was my mom's teacher when she was a kid. One night I had a dream where this retired teacher was giving me important life advice. I found out that afternoon that she had died more or less the same time as she was in my dream. Then it happened again when I was in my early 20s. I dreamed that my grandfather was giving me advice, and found out later that he died that night. That grandfather had divorced my grandmother when my dad was a child. She died when I was in my late 30s. Unlike the others, I knew she was in hospital for several days at the time of her death. But I didn't dream while she was passing. I could not get to sleep and was awake all night and *knew* it was happening. Next morning when I got the phone call, I said that I already know.
Although running for president, she's still technically "Citizen Clinton". How often are citizens required to hold Press Conferences? When was Trump's most recent Press Conference?
Meanwhile, the sweat lodge is made of repurposed carpet and blankets and none I've seen took any donations
That's actually 3rd. 1st is to record your transactions in your checkbook or ledger. 2nd is to reconcile your statement monthly.
What do you loathe carrying cash?
You're free to use your debit card only at ATMs if you so choose.
I'm not going to lecture you for having only 9 dollars in your account. I'm going to lecture you for failing to keep track of your balance and transactions. If you did that, you would have already known that the tea had not posted yet and that you should not spend the same money twice.
How did the bar not notice that they were 13,000 short?
&gt; wasn't the best at keeping up with my money Cash was invented for you. It's obvious when you're out of cash.
How do you reconcile your statement when you didn't save a paper copy at the time of purchase? Do you understand what **reconcile** means?
As we have discovered here, that's neither accurate nor reliable
Some people do the same thing in a paperless way: Quicken, Etc. It still needs to be done even if your *checking* account has neither checks nor checkbook
I'm at a loss as to why this has so many downvotes. Keeping track is literally one on the cornerstones of Personal Finance .
Yes. But it's not paper anymore. It's in Quicken, Mint, etc now.
There is nothing absurd about balancing your checkbook and reconciling your statement monthly. It's what *responsible* people do
I slightly disagree. Budgeting is less of an answer than keeping a checkbook (spreadsheet is fine) and reconciling statements. Both of these things can and should be done even if someone doesn't have a formal *budget*
One month later (I think that's 5 months ago) you didn't notice the discrepancy when you reconciled your statement. Why not?
When you don't reconcile your statement, that doesn't make me an idiot. The bank gave you back the tea money because the merchant failed to complete their claim. Banks don'tx just give you money. When you reconciled your statement and there was "extra" money you need to figure out why - and you need to do that *before* spending the money.
&gt; we can't all be rich No, but we all can reconcile our statements and understand every charge and every credit. Well, most of of us can. You could too, if you didn't spend so much time telling people they are idiots because the give you sound financial advise
Why is all the good financial advice getting downvoted in this thread?
On Friday I skinned a puppy without crying. But he was already dead after getting ran over by a bus on Wednesday. That said, I don't and will never work in HR anyway.
The box doesn't open until the convention
Healthcare isn't a "real issue"?
&gt; white I'm pink. That's what my husband's niece said. Are any of us actually *white*?
If you look closely, say hold some copier/printer paper up next to your skin, you're probably pinkish
&gt; assholes ITYM *devoted adherents to the religion of peace*
It's wrapped in plastic, so the cashier never actually had to *touch* it.
What company is this, where all the stores except yours have dirty toilets?
Yemen. They'd fit right in.
Maybe we should have psychological examinations before admitting refugees. A quiz administered by a woman. Ask how they would respond in various scenarios. Maybe a few multiple choice questions : "which of these 4 responses was appropriate?" type thing.
Some people eventually grow up and leave their parents and live their own lives. When you graduate and get an engineering job far far away, you can phone home for holidays and your family will never know that you aren't practicing Ramadan
The moderate Muslims don't make the news because assimilating and minding their own business isn't outrageous enough to be newsworthy
Such barbarity is still common among fundamentalists
Job? Muslim women have 2 jobs: Obey their husbands and make babies.
Do you strip out of a Catholic School Girl Uniform? / asking for a friend
We're supposed to use things and love people. We're not supposed to love things and use people. That said, things are expensive and should be kept out of her reach.
&gt; next She should also replace all the previously broken stuff
I think this article fails to recognize the benefit of switching from Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate to Tenofovir alafenamide
Do you enjoy slinging ink? Do you tattoo in a shop owned by someone else? Maybe you could own your own tattoo parlor, if that's what you want to do. A few classes from the Business curriculum at a nearby community college would be beneficial for a tattoo shop owner.
Just look at all the money Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak lost on the small business they started in a garage
You make it sound like landlords have a headache free existence. Do you replace your own water heaters when they fail? Ever had a tenant move in a large extended family and trash the place?
Some community college courses relevant to running a small business would be useful (basic accounting, etc)
While the income might be "passive" according to financial jargon , being a landlord actually requires some amount of work. Screening tenants, repairs and maintenance, know how and when to evict a tenant, etc.
In what part of the country is owning guns illegal? Tip: permitting and licenses doesn't make it illegal. Those things make something permitted and licensed. Edit: correcting my phone's autocorrect.
[Citation needed]
&gt; anyone? Even people who have to choose between ramen and toilet paper 3 days before payday at their part time minimum wage jobs? There are people too poor to set aside money for savings
If you spend what a full time minimum wage earner makes, how much should we expect a full time minimum wage earner to save?
How did the ancient Chinese feng shui masters know about these "secret arrows" before power lines were invented?
Is there something you would like to say to anyone still inside, but you don't want them to track you down? You could write letters. No return address. Take them to the bus or train station. Offer the bus or train workers 5 bucks to mail your letter from some other station very far away. Then your letter will be postmarked from there. They will waste time trying to get spies to look for you in that far away place.
It's a place where one can quickly turn a decent sum of money into ink embedded in one's skin. Maybe it will look good on you for the rest of your life, maybe not. But the money is definitely gone forever.
And one of them was a cute little newborn baby
We (US Taxpayers) can afford one Trillion dollars in upgrades to the Nuclear Arsenal.
Where do you think *not* overhauling the Welfare state will lead us?
There are more empty houses than homeless people
We're talking about UBI. The consequences of which may include better social and health outcomes along with changes in how people participate (or don't) in the labor market.
I might use extra toilet paper eventually. But I won't buy so much in advance that I have to build a shed to store it in.
I don't think he felt *accepted*
A loan is a terrible idea. If OP can afford it and wants to, perhaps go "back to school" shopping with his sister's kids and buy them shoes. Then have a family dinner for Thanksgiving and verify that the kids still have those shoes. I wouldn't put it past his sisters to return the shoes for cash for themselves.
&gt; We're praying for you **to die**
character doesn't pay the bills
Cross posting proves nothing
&gt; Background checks are already a prerequisite for legal gun ownership No. Background checks are already a prerequisite for gun purchases from certain sellers. A person can easily own a gun without going thru the background check process. Obviously, in order to *own* a gun one must first *acquire* it. I acquired all of my 2nd hand previously owned guns from the private parties who owned them before I did, and there was no background check involved in acquiring any of them.
Many states don't have such thing as "firearms license" other than concealed carry. The class for concealed carry is taught by NRA certified trainers in most states. Last time I checked the concealed carry class was about a day and a half or 2 days. Some states may also have trainers unaffiliated with the NRA, but I couldn't tell you which ones.
President Drumpf looks forward to having the power to execute members of the press as well
Would you want to know if the mechanic who most recently worked on the plane you'll be on was in the middle of a messy divorce? Or hungover?
&gt; anal bleeding Are you speaking from experience?
What sort of background music would you use if you were speaking the above paragraph as a narrator for a documentary?
&gt; core corps ?
There are more glaciers in the Wind River Mountains of Wyoming than in Glacier park.
Farmers are stubborn. Like unemployed coal miners who won't learn to become solar panel installers and move to where the work is.
Donald Drumpf eliminated the California drought by saying there isn't one. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fea527c86dfe42c78609619c5ce7fd59/trump-vows-solve-californias-water-crisis
&gt; cooperative society **I didn't sign the social contract** *~ libertarians*
They also built it with backup generators in the basement in a tidal zone. There's several fairly simple things that could have been done differently and the plant would still be producing electricity
Decommissioning a 75 year old coal fired power plant isn't a trivial task either, and we get more electricity from those than from wind turbines (none of which are due for decommissioning)
Sadly, most waste is produced in the part(s) of the world where scavenging at the landfill is illegal
Why does fuel oil need to be sterilized / produced from sterile feedstock?
Depends on what kind of plastic. Compared to PVC, PE is relatively clean burning.
Then why aren't thousands of unemployed coal miners getting retrained and moving?
How hard is it to get a backyard avocado permit?
Corn is the new sugar because Iowa has the first presidential primary caucus, and because we spent 5+ decades banning Cuban cane sugar imports.
What did your bosses say ?
You're suggesting that unemployed coal miners could retrain and move to where the work is more easily than farmers. But they aren't doing that.
Dark crowded loud places . Good place to be the *good guy with a gun*.
&gt; black males The Founding Fathers mostly agreed and all compromised to treat the aforementioned population as property and to make them work very hard.
&gt; geriatric idiots If *an armed society is a polite society*, why do ardent supporters of the RKBA speak so rudely?
Mommy deer returned, and when she smelled the kindly officer's cologne on what looked like her baby, she knew her baby had been switched with an imposter. It's not just a /r/conspiracy
&gt; headlice The other practical explanation is to prevent hats from getting sat on
&gt; where the recipient is registered to live In the US, citizens don't have to "register" our location with anyone and the Social Security Administration will neither confirm nor deny what address the SS Card was mailed to.
&gt; Unannounced If she was supposed to pick you up at the airport, that's plenty of announcement
What would you want the judge to do in order to prove his concern for the ~~victim's~~ *survivor's* future?
He can also meet some powerful friends if he keeps his butt up and his mouth open
"Chickens" (sage grouse, more accurately) actually have a rather high status in many tribes. 1st place in the Men's Fancy Prarie Chicken Dance is $1000 prize at Eastern Shoshone Indian Days, Wyoming's largest Pow-Wow.
I'm certainly no expert, but I think the prominent chrome? Stainless steel? metal chain excludes this item from being mistaken for anything that belongs to any tribe in North America. I think some of those feathers are dyed too.
Why is that a bad idea?
But why is it a bad idea?
For those transactions currently subject to background checks, enforcement works just fine as is with no registry. How can we more transactions to have background check? How do we make it so that of I buy a rifle or handgun at a garage sale, the seller can be somewhat confident that I'm not forbidden from buying one. (Felon, Known Terrorist, etc). All my firearms were purchased used from private parties. The only paper involved in my purchase of those firearms was cash.
There was no background check for any of my firearms, all purchased for cash from private parties.
&gt; nearly all sales. &gt; nearly Why not more? Why can't we put a system in place such that the guy who didn't work as an outfitter anymore didn't need a revolver anymore either could find out before taking my cash that I'm not a known terrorist, or a known stalker, felon etc?
Gun store transactions that undergo background check are enforceable just fine without a registry. There is no reason private party transactions can't work the same way. I can leave the swap meet confident that I didn't sell a used rifle to someone who is a parolee, felon (in some states), subject to a restraining order , etc
&gt; Lot's house ... was in Sodom. Ezekiel 16:49 lists the sins of Sodom. Gang rape isn't mentioned. Speaking of gang rape, that's hardly equivalent to today's gay or lesbian married couple.
Reading the Bible made (some of) us realize that God is cruel and mean.
It wasn't about rape at all. It was about being inhospitable to the poor and strangers
&gt; off-the-books There is no book. There is no such thing as "on-the-book". &gt; some places Why not more places?
&gt; what are you talking about? Ezekiel 16, Sodom. *Reading comprehension is hard*
Thanks for the tip. How soon until I'm officially an alcoholic?
Your point is moot. FFL have to run background check on all buyers even those intrastate. There is a gun shop one block from me. I've lived on this street for over 10 years, as has the owner of that store. If I buy a gun from him, it's clearly intrastate. But he would still process a background check.
A private individual can buy and sell lots of gun into and out of his private collection. He isn't required to get a FFL unless his principle objective is livelihood and profit. Having a full time job doing something else strongly suggests that someone's gun collecting is a hobby even if they often buy and sell in and out of their hobby collection
Arrests aren't the measure of success for background checks. Blocked sales are the measure. How many ineligible purchasers were blocked from making a purchase because of being turned down by a background check? That's the measure. As for the Orlando shooter, the NRA made sure the FBI's hands were tied.
Not exactly. Not by name. But the point remains that the FBI was onto Mateen and knew he was dangerous. The NRA makes sure that merely knowing someone is a huge risk isn't enough to block a sale.
Where is this free voluntary access to NICS? It's next to the unicorns, isn't it?
&gt; just need to .... That not free voluntary access to NICS. Not with the user restrictions.
Native Americans may have been here first, but tribal courts were established by the BIA and on some reservations are operated mostly by the BIA
Without ObamaCare the upwards line would have been steeper
&gt; infinitely ITYM *incrementally*
All the investment advice most people need fits on an index card http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/2016/01/08/462250239/when-an-index-card-of-financial-tips-isnt-enough-this-book-is-there This is especially true for lower income people
Some GOP senators frame this as "Obama is trying to take away your right to seek investment advice"
Or these people who don't know any better could invest in an index card http://lifehacker.com/all-the-financial-advice-youll-ever-need-on-a-4x6-inde-1334131550
"Corporations are people too" until it's time to arrest one for crime(s).
They over billed others to recover the 7000.
What did the polls predict about Brexit?
He was on the D/L because being raised in Islam made him hate his otherwise fabulous true essence. The FBI isn't very good at detecting guys on the D/L because J. Edgar Hoover created the FBI's institutional culture from the inside of a dark closet.
He didn't say "guns for me" He said "guns for capitol police who are trained marksmen who regularly practice and passed extensive background checks" Who else are trained and practice and pass extensive background checks? Concealed Carry Cardholders. Get yours now if you haven't already.
It doesn't only catch pot heads. It deters some too. Who then choose a worse drug that clears faster instead
&gt; very rare I wish that was true. It's not.
Not according to people who make it their business to keep track of that sort of thing http://siecus.org/index.cfm?fuseaction=Page.ViewPage&amp;pageId=1489
About that https://www.guttmacher.org/fact-sheet/facts-american-teens-sources-information-about-sex
What we have here is " **You** can't do that (get married), it's against **my** religion "
Maybe he just thinks they shouldn't get to wear exceptional hats. Identical Uniforms for Everyone. No Exceptions.
Why said anything about *doing away with* an upper-class?
&gt; Social Contract Libertarians didn't sign it and never will
Do the people who work at Aldi need food stamps in order to get by? Many Walmart employees rely on various forms of "welfare" on order to maintain their standard of living
How do you decide who to follow? * Is it because you're impressed with their publicly visible photos? * Is it because of the mystery behind their unseen private pictures?
