Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
Never gets old.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
If anything they may have also not shot him because he was an unarmed dude just playing some music.
Not having to clean up doesnt mean you have to leave it looking like a tornado hit. If you make a mess like this while eating out you may either be an asshole or legitametly retarded.
Shit doesnt happen that quickly. These young people were fucked over well before they even had the right to have a say in it. Older people can't blame younger generations for the shit they voted to enact. Bloody ridiculous.
Yeah we could just cut military spending on pointless shit by a tiny fraction and have more than enough to pay for this. The amount of shit America could give it's people if they just stopped spending obscene amounts of pointless wars.
Focusing on everybody at once at this point wont result in anything noticeable. But working on one demographic at a time is realistic and will produce noticeable results faster.
He was discussing education, not employment. 5500 a year ond educatiob per person is quite reasonable.
Things like lobsters have multiple "brains" so destroying one likely wont even render it unconscious while boiling it overloades it's nerves and has it dead in seconds. So boiling it is the humane way to kill it if you want to eat it. That's not even touching ground on the fact that lobsters and chimps have a hilarious difference in sentience.
He was also a decorated soldier from world war one, the guy was a steaming pile of shit but to call him a coward would be dishonest.
Then log the fuck in. This could be easily fixed if you werent so damn lazy.
Maybe from your hilariously bloated military.
And nobody who wrote the gospels were there to see the miracles of christ. Your own argument is really unraveling on you.
But if god guided man into using said antibiotics dont we run into the issue of free will?
Seriously, if I'm only getting laid that often then Ill just go hang out with dudes. The extra effort of a relationship is nowhere near worth it if I'm still stuck jerking myself in a pool of sexual frustration.
Yeah its more just tossing your line out there until something finally bites.
The top few men are doing all the fucking. In your mind its an equal ratio of one to one except for the fact that most woman are fucking the same group of guys. So its easy for 20 girls to get laid while only 5 guys do the same.
They dont have those youthful good looks to fall back on anymore and need to start being more forward.
If brigading is what got them banned I'm curious why SRS is still around. Let's face it, they only enforce these rules when it's with groups they don't politically agree with.
So why is every other sub that using photos of real people to laugh at them still around. I dont even have to think deeply to think of some.
But Pao politically agrees with SRS so her rules will never be applied to them. They'll turn this place into a SJW hellhole and it will be the death of this place.
Even if it was they still wouldnt have banned them. The SJW would spin it in the media making it look like Reddit was against equality for woman and minorities. They are dealing with a loaded gun.
Ive seen countless examples of them being reported for clear cut examples. The admins lean to the far left though so good luck getting them to do shit all about it.
Do you start in August? Public schools in Canada go from beginning of september until nearly the end of June. Private schools often end in may but they generally give less days off and move at a quicker pace.
Yeah that sub sunk into a turtle shell knowing they would ban them at their first excuse. They wont even let them link to archives anymore. They're being smart about it, hard to find a reason to ban them when they dont link to other parts of reddit.
They wish they did.
Happens to me all the time. Stupid French setting on Canadian keyboards.
I mean we have his face on coins from the right time period and regions and had entire cities named after him in the areas he conquered. So a bit more evidence than Jesus.
I'm not sure what your priest/pastor told you but that's hilarious. Care to list some of these things that prove the bible?
Right, its the first world, if those are your standards you have shit standards.
Neither are white straight woman.
I doubt you'd relate to no texting, had to call everybody on their land line or use dial-up internet to talk to them on like the original msn messenger.
Luck. And they likely carry enough cleaning wipes to keep the child clean at least.
Some seem to think evoking god is the simplest solution when in reality it only raises far more complicated questions. If a universe cant come from nothing and theoretically this is very possible then where did this super complex creator come from? If complexity requires design then we need to also explain the complexity of god.
Yeah but rotting bodies aren't know for being super clean. They wont catch the flu from them but you also dont wanna get that bacteria in your mouth or eyes. If you think rotting bodies are ok then go touch some and then rub your eyes and lick your fingers.
Well I mean she's a white person pretending to be black getting all pissy about actors doing the same shit. It's a tad hypocritical.
Vasectomy surgeries are not always reversible, if your suggestion is something that can remove my ability to everbhave children then you are clearly delusional.
You're correct, but it does have to do with the child and none of them getting sick from being covered in rotting remains.
Im betting your graduated like 2 years ago and feel all superior about it.
And with the knife my guess is you'd stick a guy with it and pull the trigger.
Drugs, Ive tried many of them and it's rare for a movie to portray their effects properly.
Yeah if you take a hit to the head and arent awake very quickly you likely fucked something up.
Everybody has a right to an opinion but this bullshit about having to respect it is nonsense. Some opinions really don't deserve any respect.
Catholics didnt exist 2000 years ago. Christianity as a religion didn't even exist 2000 years ago.
Winter wonderland thankyou very much.
And what is immoral about homosexuality? Without using the bible give me some secular reasons as to why homosexuality is immoral.
People do exist now that never experienced the 90s and are now asking questions of people who did. How you hold this opinion on a site made for this kind of content is beyond me.
I remember doing hard labour, I could eat the diet of an obese person and be just dandy. Hit me hard when I stopped doing hard manual labour.
She's gonna need more drugs if she's brainstorming.
Yeah I unsubbed from the subreddit until I saw the finally as to avoid spoilers and some fuckwit ruined it in the comments of a totally related sub. I hope that guy gets chronic blue balls.
Majority of guys dont give a shit if you've fucked 10000 times with 2 guys. That displays loyalty and commitment. Guys have issues when you've fucked the same amount but with countless guys.
Youre right, and nobody is obligated to stick around if they are uncomfortable with the fact that their partner was more adventurous with their past partners but not with them.
Not how it works? A girl could have fucked 3 different guys 1000 times and be very experienced while still having a low partner count. You don't have to have 30 partners to be experienced in bed. You seem to have fooled yourself into thinking the only way a girl could be experienced in bed is if she's fucked half the town, which is very not true.
The discrimination they faced ended far less than 150 years ago, segregation only ended in the 60s. Jesus, it was like 50 years ago that they were allowed to even occupy the same space as white people. Of course were still seeing the fallback of that. Dont be such a dunce.
As soon as your grandpa was a slave and your people were only allowed to occupy the same space as others 50 years ago you'll have a point to make. Segregation wasnt that long ago.
Panicked people with no required training firing their guns.....no possible way that could make shit worse.
Yeah you could illegally get a gun but it will cost you an arm and a leg, the average criminal isn't gonn be able to fork over that sort of cash. And the last massacre in Australia occured right before they made their ban on guns and they havnt had a single one since, how many has America had in even the last 3 years? The rest of the first world has strict gun control and it works wonderfully for us. You guys have a weird gun fetish.
Oh he did show up and Jesus was the legit son of God? Present your evidence for this and Ill concede, if not then get out of here with baseless assertions.
God is supposed to be all knowing. He knows exactly what would convince me. Either he chooses to not show himself to me or he is not capable of doing so.
I mean if you gotta force the label "people" onto everybody.
I think that either your school sucked or your country has shitty public education standards. We had already done basic long division by that point.
Even some M just makes me wanna have a cuddle puddle on a couch with some blankets and friends. Nothing about dancing seems fun to me at that moment. Too many strangers at the club that I cant hug but want to.
Yeah I grew up with that shit in Canada, opening those is like breathing for me, never occurred to me that people might need it explained.
Except he's never tried to take away your guns.
I mean you have less room for enough power to make that 16 ton monster go quickly when it's as armoured as it is. Plus it would have a small army protecting it from the outside as well. Good luck getting through all that shit, and if you do manage to then at that point you've honestly earned the kill.
Plus you damn well know the area has been searched before his arival. Not a damn chance in hell any sketchy looking shit is left in it's path. He is arguably one of the top two hardest men to kill on the planet.
Its like busses, no seat belts required as it will plow through most every vehicle. Plus I'm positive they are included in case of emergency but the weight of the vehicle alone would make most impacts negligible.
Yeah I wanna know where that is the standard price cause I've never seen it that cheap.
Or that that short haired chick slipped bronn an extra antidote before they left since she fancies his D.
Yeah it seems silly that the prince of Dorne, nephew to the viper himself, knowing his stepmom was out to kill his girlfriend would set off without an array of antidotes on him.
I doubt he give them his son if he was behind the poisoning. Plus he's been pretty adamant about the fact that he doesnt kill children and also does not want war since he knows what that entails. Him poisoning her wouldnt make any sense.
Yeah all 3 of them know how to handle a blade. Unless they run of the mill ship crew are secret ninjas rebelling would be a poor choice. And even if they win once they hit the shores of Westoros with a dead or chained up Jamie and a dead little girl theyre all fucked anyways.
I doubt it, even Bronn isn't a killer of innocent children especially when he's already been made a lord back home, plus Jamie was going to make him a considerably higher up lord once they returned. No way Bronn is betraying him.
Ive noticed that girls are more likely to wanna go and dance while rolling at a club while guys tend to wanna be in a quiter environment. I could be wrong but that's been my experience so far.
Most of the first world is pretty socialist and were doing just dandy. Come and talk shit about it when the standard of living is higher in America that in countries that employ higher levels of socialism.
Its like these people think that if it benefits the country it cant be socialist since socialism is a bad thing.
And most of them were born into the money. Moving up social levels is the exception, not the norm.
The rest of the first world that are doing better than the US would like a word with you. The fact that you needed to highlight third world countries to prove your point is just fantastically hilarious.
Discussing socialist policies with half of America is like licking doornobs. The cold war did a number on that country politically. The rest of the first world is quite socialist and we have happier people with a higher standard of living. Americans seem to have an issue not accepting that their way may not be the best way.
Wonderful, you known your points are solid when you have to resort to calling people who disagree with you children. I guess in your mind most of western and northern europe, who are doing very well for themselves, are all children?
There was smoke everwhere. Every giant fire starts off small. If we always waited until the building was an inferno before evacuation people would die. Hindsight is 20/20 and if it had gotten crazy out of control they could have saved lives. They acted when many would stand and watch.
The building is literally on fire with smoke everywhere and you dont consider that in harms way? The fact that people can be as stupid as you baffles me, do you need to set alarms to remind yourself to breath?
Ok then die of smoke inhalation in your sleep. Im sure if you were sleeping and hadnt woken up while your building burned you'd be totally pissed that they woke you up from your nap. Fucking retard.
Yeah its like people here dont think the fireman werent gonna bust in your door anyways. You guys just did it before they arrived, could have saved lives. These people wouldnt be criticizing you if they were asleep during this and you woke them up. Fire spreads quickly and the smoke is deadly. If they even realized how quickly a fire will kill you before you even get a chance to feel the heat of the flames I doubt they'd still be arguing.
Plus when you live in such a stupidly sue happy country I'd also be filming it to cover my own ass when some assholes I saved tries to sue me for kicking in his door when his building is literally going up in flames.
Seriously, if my apartment was on fire and some guys kicked in my door and saved my dog they'd be getting beer bought for them. I don't understand people who would bitch about that. I love my dog, fuck my door, my door means nothing to me, my dog means a great deal to me though.
Just because they happen to be a person doesnt mean it's not also a little WTF. Its anything that makes you pause and think WTF to yourself upon first seeing it.
I'm supportive of them but you cant say they are normal. Normal has a definition and they are not normal.
Their minds usually are? Im very supportive of physical ailments but I have met some serious pricks who get a pass because they are disabled. Being disabled doesnt mean youre a good person.
Wheres the child porn? If their was legit child porn and it was reported as claimed that website would be gone. Child porn is not taken lightly in the west. I find it creepy but underage cleavage and bikini shots arent child porn.
Like that quote stating that if you get your laughs by pretending to be idiots you will inevitably attract real idiots who think they are in good company. That sub may have started as a troll sub but it has now gone beyond that and actually takes itself seriously.
Oh but when SRS makes racist jokes SRS manages to not implode. Horseshoe theory, they went so bloody far to the left that they looped around and became the racists they hate so much.
My father is a proud man and would hate nothing more in life to have his mind intact but need people to wipe his ass and clean his junk for him. If he was ever in an accident that bad I'd rather he die than live through that. More for his sake that mine, Id take care of him until he passed but Id know how ashamed he'd feel for every day of it. Sometimes you wish death on a family member not for selfish reasons but because you cant bear to see them suffer as they do and you just want it to be over, for their sake.
Yeah my parents, despite making decent money have basically no savings and are now separated. There will be no retirement for them and they are too old to work and then they will have to move in with me. It angers me that I will have to sacrifice so many good years of my life because they decided they didnt need a retirement. I know it's selfish but I cant help how I feel about it.
I had this guy I went to highschool with who had a loaded grandfather who bought him a Papa Johns right out of highschool without having to pay him back and to his credit he didn't drive it under. His grandfather then buys him a second one pro bono. He comes back to town to visit and cant stop telling everybody he knew that people just need to buckle down and get their shit together in life. Would be nice to have family with enough money to pay my way to success.
Not the simplest explanation. Invoking god actually makes it incredibly more complicated.
Have you looked at how chaotic and horrible life can be? How you see perfection in that is beyond me. Plus there are so many design flaws in the human body alone that if it was intentionally designed theyre either a shit designer or enjoy suffering. And you ask where everyting came from that makes up the universe? Well where did god come from? You cant say everything needs a point of creation and then conveniently omit god from that.
So what stops us applying the eternal aspect to the universe and just tossing the god idea out the window?
Actually we have some pretty good explanations has to how life could have happened. Read up on abiogenesis to learn more. Just because you cant comprehend it doesnt mean we havnt had brilliant minds mulling it over.
Thats like a puddle becoming aware and looking at the pothole its in and deciding that pothole must be designed to fit it since it fits so perfectly. Unfortunately the puddle was the one that formed to fit the hole. Earth had the right conditions for life to happen but that life is was changed to fit the planet. Go back to the time of the dinosaurs and the atmosphere itself would kill a person. The only reason we are even having this discussion is because the conditions were right, most people know that the chances of winning the lottery are incredibly slim, yet every draw there is a winner.
Making shit up isnt really an answer though.
Works so well together? Our main source of energy and light, without which life as we know would die out gives us bloody cancer.
How is this creepy? Are children being present in a park during the daytime now creepy?
Well I mean all the soap runs down there and my shower mat is a little spongy so during the shower its just filled with soap.
Yeah I live in a house of 4 people, only one of my roommates is a girl that the shower wall is always covered in them. And when the sink inevitably clogs she always seems clueless as to why she's the one expected to deal with it when its always a huge glob of her long hairs that gets pulled out.
Yeah my roommate does this but his girlfriend also seems to feel the need that if they are home at the same time they have to be spending time together. Moving in with an SO requires that youre comfortable not hanging out even if youre both home.
Shitting takes me like a minute, the following 20 minutes is so I'm left the fuck alone for a couple minutes.
This story makes me glad my country has very thorough sex ed.
Im 6"3 and not weak. If I tried to eat the calorie requirements of the average woman I'd become malnourished. I simply do need to eat more.
Testosterone is not beneficial to an immune system. Its the downside we pay just to be so manly all the time.
Not in his mind. For me the floor is where dirty things go and on top of the folding couch in my room is where all of my clean shit goes. Just because you deny doesnt mean I dont have a system.
He's just saving for retirement, that shits worth money. Plus copper wire just seems like one of those things you should have even though you may not use it often.
They also have crazy gun control to go on top of that. Getting ammunition is a pain in the ass and I believe they are all required to be trained before they can own one. I could be wrong but dont they have to do a stint in the military when they turn 18? High gun ownership isnt really an issue when you have strict gun control and a well trained populace, America has the guns but lacks the regulations and training that the Swiss have.
I mean you can stop them from being directly bullied but you cant stop them from excluding and laughing behind their backs. In the end the kid still has no friends and knows people laugh at them even though teachers stop it from happening to their faces.
Yeah I just dont like farting in front of people in general so I wouldnt fart in front of my SO, and since I hold those standards for myself I hold them for an SO as well. I do understand mindless accidental farts happen and you fart when you sleep but nothing turns me off faster than my girlfriend just knowingly letting it rip in front of me.
I hate it when people bring this up. Only a very small percentage of people are jacked enough to still count as obese on the BMI scale. The scale works quite well if youre a standard human and not a body builder. Half the people I see that bring the rock up as an example are obese themselves in the fat way and are not loaded with muscle like the rock.
Kind of hard to speak about an entire gender without using generalizations....
I'm apprenticing to be an electrician and employed by my city, plenty of people do it as a career as its very steady employment where I live and you cant beat a government pension. I also plan on specializing to increase my pay even more. I likely wont be rich as fuck but I'll be comfortable in life.
I'm a big guy, if I need to be dragged to safety I'd rather not have somebody need to call another person in to drag me to safety because we lowered physical standards and they are unable to do it themselves.
I couldnt live with myself if I just left them to rot in a government care home.
But you are statistically more likely to harm yourself or somebody you love than you are to use it in self defence so in this case the downsides do outweigh the upsides.
Yeah I hate seeing a question I'm actually intrigued by without a serious tag cause you just know that every retard on this site will show up to make a shitty joke.
I dont know how much your schools phys ed program sucked but they had us good and sweaty once they had an hour to be through with us.
Dog fighting as a grown ass adult isnt just something you accidentally do. I find it hard to forgive this. Yeah he's served his time, but on the other hand fuck him.
Most definitely. If I had to pick between being raped or death it wouldnt even be a difficult choice.
Even if it isn't it would be a PR nightmare to go after him in this situation. They wont do shit if they're smart.
Weaker than condition one. One being about as shitty as it gets.
Worst I've seen in my city in Canada was -58C with wind chill.
A system that didn't require renewing. It's god were talking about, if he wasnt able to find a way then he is hardly all powerful. Ive always heard god is all powerful and all knowing but everything I've heard about the guy from the bible screams that he is neither.
I've blasphemed against god in all manners and I'm actually in very good health. I guess I'll just have to wait for him to punish me in a very naturally explainable way that is contrary to all of the obviously direct deaths he as commanded.
Even if youre right and he permanently mauled 42 children instead of slaughtering them how does this make him in any way good?
Yeah I could deny my beliefs but in the end god would know I thought he was nothing but a fairy tale and that I was just faking it. So I might as well enjoy myself for he condemns me for a decision I had no choice in.
So original sin doesnt apply to babies? At what age exactly does it kick in? And whu are babies exempt when the bible says everybody is a sinner?
Yeah but I'd like to hear a secular argument against it that doesnt consist of "ew, its icky and makes me feel uncomfortable".
Youre saying that as if being politically biased towards giving people equal rights is a bad thing.
Waaay to uniform in shape and size to be shrapnel.
Even though they have studies that show a kid statistically isnt gonna get messed up from same sex parents. Evidence shows that you are wrong. In fact they find kids get more messed up by divorce than they do sam sex parents but I dont see a huge uproar in the US about the legality of divorce.
Yeah I hold redpill mentality but I live in a liberal country and like half of my friends are gay. Holding a certain position on heterosexual relationships says absolutely nothing about my opinion on gay marriage. I'm actually extremely pro gay marriage, my country has had it legal for over a decade now.
Love for your home country and still having family there. Home is still home.
Its simpler. Of course outliers exists, but were discussing generalities. It would be pants on head retarded to state every single time that we dont literally meam every single woman. Like most guys piss standing up while only a small amount sit to do the deed, so for simplicity we just say men piss standing up.
Meh, if the guys spreads shit about you behind you back he's definitely the type to call the cops if you rough him up. Id rather laugh off the poor bastard than end up with criminal record involving violence.
Ok so its clear now that what you consider common sense is only common sense to people that have already guzzled the kool-aid.
I could be remembering wrong but wasnt there an issue with some of these groups refusing to begin the fight again after chilling with the enemy?
Yeah seriously, I'll call police brutality when I see it but all I see here are police doing their job patiently and even going out of their way not to damage her instrument. She went out of her way to try to get them to arrest her and she got what she wanted. Fuck that lady.
It may not be the same group of woman getting upset over both issues.
So a group demanding equal rights under the law is considered hate to you? Fucking hilarious.
My friend group is diverse as well but we still have guys nights cause the dynamic does change once girls are tossed into the mix. Gotta censor ourselves.
I think its because around 50% of woman dont actually ride the dick up and down so theirs an actual stroke, they just rub themselves on the pelvis in a back in forth motion using my dick as a grinding pole, feels great for the girl cause clit stimulation but has zero sensarion for guys. Some depending on which of those she does I either love or hate cowgirl.
Give me one verified case of such a clear cut miracle and Ill give you thousands of examples of crazy people claiming to have spoken to Jesus.
Its the more realistic scenario. If I told you I made bffs with big foot while chilling with some Aliens what is more likely, that I'm telling the truth? Or that I'm fucking crazy.
No, but enough money has been able to pull it off.
Yeah looking at the picture of the kid I doubt they were healthy people. Your child doesnt become obese unless you also treat yourself like shit.
You see lots of obese people over the age of 75?
So, did they give the WII to the kids?
Eating shrooms before going to a club? Jesus christ that would be a nightmare.
We get our drunken assholes just like everywhere else.
Have you forgotten that we are animals? We're no better and we have our mating dances and ploys. I think its hilarious that anybody has convinced themselves that we as a species are above being controlled by biology.
Seriously, where I live we have literally the cleanest tap water in the world. I wanna smack anybody I see using a britta filter. Like shit, is it still not good enough?
Plus people born into that world will be naturals at it. Its all they've known.
Where in Canada? I go to bars all the the time and were rarely talking about the US.
Yeah these guys were either hanging with the shittiest people or was being a dick himself. This is not as common as they make it sound.
You cant just tease us like that.
I won't even pretend like I even considered giving you gold but good god this is wonderful.
I dont know the exact words but they are tendons in your knees. Really shitty to tear and take forever to heal. Often over years and some surgeries.
His money? It was his dads money. It doesnt take a genius to turn a big pile of money into more money. Making more money is easy when youre already rich as shit.
Scummy enough? What did you guys have to do to get booze? Here in Canada you'd just get a friends older sibling to buy it for you. Nothing scummy involved.
Nice b8 m8.
That's just bizarre.
Because praying doesn't do anything.
All it takes is getting laid twice by the end of college? That's barely anything. Not exactly like thats raking it in.
Drink less water.
Being upset is fine, but taking that out on your ex is ridiculous. She dumped him, he had a rebound, she has less than zero right to be upset with him. Dont want your ex to fuck other people? Dont break up with them.
Its like she has no idea behind marriage laws.
They all do though.
Yes but I feel like basic social skills shouldnt fall under the description of a lifeprotip.
I only downvoted you because you spent 90% of your comment bitching about downvotes you hadnt even gotten yet.
Well the people who didnt start off rich but worked for the money will understand being frugal, not so much the people born into money.
What if my ears are too confident?
Anybody wanna point out whats trashy about this? Sometimes I picture half the people in this sub as a bunch of rich highschool kids.
Yeah I dont think people realize just how much money there is in trades.
Until science appears that directly contradicts a specific verse.
Please, we birthed him but its pretty clear who made him the beast he is today.
Plus not too much time to regret it and call 911, a bullet to the head is usually a done deal.
Yeah I bet this guy also thinks poor people are poor because they are lazy and choose to not be rich.
You can make the same comparison that you have made between guns and explosives and the damage they can do between the damage guns could do back when the law was written and now. Try shooting a classroom full of children with a musket, you cant.
Ive been happily jerking it for free since day one. Any money spent is already an expense.
Man do I love American politics. Where trump isnt laughed out of the running and you must be retarded if you think hes a joke.
Give him a smacking and indicate that hes giving the guy the cold shoulder cause hes having mixed feelings himself. Either that or tell him to join the rest of us in the 21st century. Hes on the wrong side of history, if he pushes back make the comparison to those who were all about segregation back in the day.
To be fair I think its repulsive and I would have liked the shit out of it cause I laughed.
I cant imagine what a persons standards are when they don't at least somewhat regularly come across people they would date.
If religious people were legally required to adhere to their religion we'd have a big problem on our hands.
I dont care if a girl is rocking a bush but theres no way I'm going down on her.
What kind of woman are you fucking where pubic hair is the only way to tell them apart from a child?
Yeah lets have every single guy on the planet stop dealing with his facial hair and watch as every woman is totally super accepting of that.
The second a clit gets bog enough that I can do my job without burying my face in pubes you'll have a point.
Hes only 69. Thats like the teenage years of getting old.
Yes but in our species woman were naturally the primary caregivers, same with most mammalian species.
Modern society is a very recent thing though. Go look at uncontacted human tribes in the wild. Woman as the primary caregivers for the children.
They get freezing rain. I grew up in manitoba and also had no idea what they were talking about until somebody mentioned them getting freezing rain.
Yeah I'd have been riding my friend at that age for being the grade 12 going after grade 8/9.
Is having locks on bedroom doors a normal thing? Best I'd get is a quick knock while she's already swinging the door open.
Fuck that. The quality of the food may be excellent but the language tossed around back there is anything but savory. Our stress level would go through the roof if we couldnt curse at each other.
Fuck that. The quality of the food may be excellent but the language tossed around back there is anything but savory. Our stress level would go through the roof if we couldnt curse at each other.
Yeah until a soccor mom needs to speak to my manager cause I called a guy a salty cunt from across the kitchen.
That blows. Cunt was a regular part of my vocabulary when I did kitchen work.
Some guy called the girl working our drivethrough a nigger because they didnt realize we could still hear them over the com. We spit in his food. Only time we did it though.
Yeah after 40 minutes I'd just be bored and pruny with a bathroom so humid you never really get dry after.
Dropping your number on my desk and booking it is already socially retarded. She already set the bar low, he was under no obligation to raise it.
I mean I get it feels good for them grinding their clit like that but we literally feel nothing. That cant be the only skill in your arsenal when being on top.
Difference between actual Nazi soldiers and regular german soldiers.
Nobody got your KenM joke.
Yeah Ive had my dad lend me money of an undisclosed amount and didnt even know the amount until he was gone and I could count it.
Statistically as a man you should be more frightened.
I don't know why youre being downvoted so heavily. Smokers know how bad smoking is for you. Having people come up to inform you its bad for you like you live under a rock is just fucking annoying. I dont even smoke anymore but I remember the feeling when people would feel the need to remind you how bad it is everu day. Those same people wouldnt feel so righteous about it if they jad somebody follow them around for a week and point out to them every single unhealthy thing they do.
Create suction with your mouth while your throat is closed. Its not even to figure out unless you cant drink through a straw without inhaling it.
Nah this is just fucked. Even if it was a fully formed human it'd be weird as shit to mummify them and dress them in clothes and post pictures to facebook. That's like wear your skin as a mask crazy.
Doesnt look like this one made it anywhere near 9 months.
You expect the owners to make the same as the rest of the staff? Are you retarded?
I mean unless hes attractive theres not much in the way of serving jobs for guys. Youre delusional if you view the ability to get a job as a server to be equal between the sexes.
I don't think servers have it super easy but I always laugh when servers say they have to deal with all the bullshit and thats why they get all the tips. Most of the servers I worked with wouldnt last 20 minutes getting dirty with grease burns.
Being unattractive and a dude isnt gonna get you a lot of serving positions.
How? Instead of paying their staff in tips they pay them more ad an hourly wage. This costs the business more in wages.
10 dollars for a burger and fries is extremely reasonable? Where do you live where thats too much money?
Unless youre attractive getting a job as a server if youre a guy is not really gonna happen.
Actually the people who do all that unhealthy shit cost us less in the long run cause they die early instead of living until 90.
So just change definitions as time progresses to fit your agenda?
Seriously, not too much point busting your ass like that at a dead end minimum wage job. Just think that your employers would gladly pay you even less if they legally could next time you wanna bust your ass at work.
Diet pop tastes like shit anyways. The artificial sweeteners taste like ass. Id rather have water than diet pop.
Breatfeeding a 2 year old? Weird.
Yeah my parents would phrase it politely instead of barking orders. I mean we have no option either way but it definitely felt more respectful.
Yeah but that cost of living in Seattle.
Yeah bust your ass at the minimum wage dead end job so you can get that dollar extra when they make you assistant manager.
Its like announcing you have a bomb on you as a joke on an airplane.
Man I'm from Winnipeg as well, dont paint us all as assholes that stomp on bird nests. Ive managed to never have anything serious enough happen with the pricks for me to go out of my way to hunt their young.
I highly doubt you bribed a border guard.
Why would being a drafy dodger such a bad thing. Id rather not be forced to risk my life to murder people who havnt done a damn thing to me.
Yeah a girl fucking people on camera and then having that shared with the world would be my number one deal killer.
The average woman in America is fat.
Yeah the small percentage of your population that even goes to those schools. Your public education sucks and most of your population never attends those top schools.
Side chick may also not be mother material.
Yeah people who cant get rid of their elixre need to focus on those bases. I dont even notice I only gained 20000 elixre when I got 2500 dark elixre.
Yeah I guess me and my friends grew up violently assaulting each other. I remember a few actual fights with them as children as well. Several of them have been close friends for over 20 years. Its a good thing our male bonding through roughhousing didnt permanently damage our development /s
Why is it matter if its a boy hitting a girl? Your issue should be with them hitting anybody but you decided to only focus on girls being hurt.
The only one you can see preparing food there is wearing at least a hat. In my country from counter staff don't legally have to wear them for the same reason waitresses dont have to wear hairnets.
I mean as much as we agree with the mom here she did commit assault over some mean words.
It was lodged higher up in the first photo and lower down in the second. Meaning it could have dislodged it oy for it to jam again a second later. For peope calling this guy retarded you guys also maintain a complete lack of deduction skills.
Well it shifted after he threw the bottle at it. You can clearly see it shifted to a new spot right below where it was stucl before. You guys are super quick to call bullshit when its quite possible.
That sucks. Where I am in Canada they go full nude while serving booze.
Maybe its older and more experience and has learned fucking with humans is how you die.
If that wouldnt be so bad then keeping a white male bond shouldn't be a problem either. I honestly couldn't give a shit if they cast a black actor, as long as they keep bond a british male. Id also be upset if they made bond an Australian white dude. Bond should always be a british male.
So fuck the planet cause you like loud noises and grease? I cant believe you've been getting upvoted. Bunch of selfish shortsighted motherfuckers in this thread.
Well they do have downs.
The rest of the first world don't really care for guns so its usually not in the discussion to begin with. Somebody gets shot here and its all over the news for days cause its rare.
These companies have to make money. Unless you're willing to pay for it you're gonna need to look at ads.
Maybe in the past, not anymore though.
I think we've learned by now that you don't get your land back because a bad thing happened centuries ago to nobody currently alive.
Yeah my eyes went all squinty. As much as it would have felt nice I upvoted as it was an amswer to the question.
I tolerate people bitching about reposts even less. Ive often never seen a thing before until somebody reposts it so it benefits me. I however have never once benefited from a person bitching that it was first posted to the internet 3 years prior and should never be seen again.
I agree a lot of those issues are bullshit but if your mind is too simple to focus on more than one issue that's nobody's fault but your own.
I use 2 in 1 and still constantly have people telling me I have amazingly soft hair and ask me what I do with it. They usually tell me they hate me.
Yeah that beautiful goddess allowed a peasant like you to grace her vagina, anything more and you're being selfish. I wanna vomit. When people say shit like this I just assume they get action so rarely that they wouldn't dare complain about the quality.
How would you feel if you showed up to a guys house and he didnt have a proper bed? I slept on a couch for years as a child and had zero issues with it. If you can have issues with that he can have issues with you not owning a basic thing like a tv.
Prostate exams, that wasnt even hard.
As long as youre fine with not finding a bin with a lid on it in a guys bathroom when you're on your period. Just because we dont have to do doesnt mean we cant plan ahead for our guests, not doing so just makes you sound like a shit host.
Only people to not know this were born yesterday or rich.
Filters are so bloody unnecessary where I live, we have the cleanest drinking water in the world. If somebody is gonna go thirsty cause theyre too good for the best tap water in the world then they can get bent.
No time for basic girls.
I mean as long as people are blowing up other people in the name of their god its a very valid response.
That was centuries ago. Pulling shit up in a discussion like this from centuries ago is like a stereotypical bad girlfriend. But seriously, repeating the fact that you served in the US army doesnt give you shit for credibility. Other countries are on this website that arent brainwashed to worship our military as all wise.
Not really, they're both shitfucks. I am truly sorry that these have become your countries options.
If its proven to work well they just call it medicine.
Yeah but after 400 years nobody gives a shit who won that game of chess.
It was upvoted that much cause it was an obvious joke.
If I may ask how heavy and how long did you drink? I drank heavier than I'd like for about 3 years and am not sure how hard this would fuck my liver.
This is why I don't want to tell my doctor about my 3 years of alcohol abuse. I wanna get my blood work done to check on things but I dont want that shit sticking on my medical record.
Well they did reference her pale skin at least once.
They described her skin in one book as quite pale.
Just because they had a solid food supply line doesnt mean it was of good quality. Protein is protein.
My friends dad is completely covered in tattoos from the cheeks down and still makes around 200,000 a year. I mean he owns several reputable tattoo parlors but being tattood didnt stop him from making it.
Yeah I feel like Bud being available everywhere plays a part. Really popular regional beers may do better but lose out since its only really available in that region.
That's gross.
I mean as long as you have the right to hate speech while your politicians fuck you extra hard.
I'd rather our cultural heritage not to be so focused on war.
Yeah the drinkers just vomit and piss on the streets.
You literally ask to see their Id?
We're none of these people ever teenagers or have they just deluded themselves into thinking otherwise?
OP forgot a serious tag so likely people will take it as permission to shit all over the place.
Tubegalore is decent as well.
Which ones?
I respect myself too much to just not shower for 4 days.
Being unable to form normal bonds with your own gender should be a red flag for both sides.
Yeah fuck poor people.
Oh god, today I'm learning my name is considered trashy in France.
Who the fuck names their kid olive? That is a weird name.
Shes not being charged for defending herself, please provide proof.
Yeah if you look at all the safest countries on the planet they're all full to the brim with lots and lots of guns. Oh wait, they arent.
Yeah but half the time people look at you to step in and fix a problem its because you guys buttfucked the region to begin with. Don't act like youre being so hard done by because people look at you to clean up your mess.
How so?
No but disregarding their opinion due to their skin colour is racist.
You people worship your constitution as if its given to you directly from a god.
He'd probably be better off with the way America treats its minorities.
Yeah you really do need to stop all of those American born people with guns. We've been telling you for years and you just never seem to learn.
Do you people even read the thread before saying stupid shit?
She doesnt even look trashy.
Are you implying people are irresponsible and not to be trusted walking around with loaded weapons?
Dont look at me, you were the one complaining its too small to see and then asking me how its relevant that you can zoom in.
I mean its pretty known that America doesnt have much in the way of liberal politicians anymore. You guys have conservatives and then far right conservatives.
They may not win but it sends a message. A vote for the big 2 parties is just telling them you're ok with the shit they shovel in your faces. A third party is never gonna gain ground if every year all the people that would vote for them never do because they think its a waste of a vote.
And the process was started. They need to do it properly and did essentially immediately start planning it out. They cant snap their fingers like magic, lots of shit needs to be sorted first.
Yeah they've been rivals for years. Jim is a dick to him but its not lime Dwight is innocent either.
No people understand it, its just a shit analogy that gets tossed around a lot.
Got any proof he even knew he was infected himself? Maybe hes also a victim here.
Only if he knew he had it.
Its true. I don't give a shit that they changed it, change and progress will happen either way but its become muscle memory at this point, Ill continue to sing it the old way.
So you're not a child, just a troll. I get the downvotes now.
I agree, cut military spending by like 20% and put that money to actual use.
Why of course this thread about Autralia turned into a discussion about America and its silly laws.
Yeah but if I had the option between being stabbed and being shot I know which one I'm picking. Go kill 50 people and injure 50 others in a club with a knife and then your argument has a point.
Cause you'll look bad in comparison?
I'd pay money on you not being able to eat an 18 inch pizza in one sitting.
Yeah the largest Ive ever come across is 16 inches and thats a big bloody pizza.
Own it, I occasionally make jokes about my male bubble butt. Stop letting it bother you and own it before they can use it against you.
5 minutes before your shift starts? That's worse than just admitting you slept in.
Nah she can get every second weekend like men have had to deal with. Besides, I thought it was all about the best interests of the child, not the parents.
I agree there is a solid chance it had to do with her skin colour but jumping to conclusions based on no evidence is also extremely naive. Calling it a hate crime without evidence simply based on skin colour is actually sort of racist.
Oh I know, that was just as far back as I could remember and still make reliable claims as I'm too lazy currently to do a google search. But after 9/11 is when it became widely known that the US tortures people.
If the only thing stopping you from doing shitty things is the threat of jail then you have to consider that you yourself might be a shitty person.
I mean you don't accidentally do what they did in any reasonable manner but we do not know that this happened because shes black and not just because the kids were picks.
The kind where the students live off campus? Is that so crazy? I mean nowhere did they say it was a dorm.
That was the exact point I was trying to make. I was just pointing out that something like a fender bender is an accident. Tying up a rope, wrapping it around a classmates neck and then dragging them around with it isn't an accident. There are so many purposeful steps that need to be taken to do that. Id hardly call it an accident. An accident implies their intention wasnt to tie a rope around her neck and drag her around.
Yeah I'm not sure why I'm being shat on for simply pointing out that we dont know that this incident was racially motivated. If somebody can point me to the facts that do say this was a race thing I'd be happy to change my stance.
Yeah but no reasonable person would call that any sort of actual custody.
I agree, shitty people exist and dealing with them is a part of living. But there is a difference between dealing with shitty people in life and partaking in the bullshit yourself.
The guy admits to having bouts of depression and you advise him to buy some guns?
But its a warehouse job, not speaking mandarin would be fine.
Cause lets be realistic, only in small parts of this country can you survive only knowing french.
Good god , you Americans and fighting over which assfucking youre gonna receive this time around.
Well it was put in motion under Harper and going back on it would cost us billions in fines so Trudeau looks bad either way when he came into office with the deal already on way.
Yeah half Asian 22 year old or a 30 year old?
Ha you wish, the rest of the world's here as well.
Yeah but in terms of how much it annoys me it's different. If you weren't even in the war and you're requesting war troops it's worse.
My parents had a couch made from that shit. Sitting on it made me wanna rip my eyeballs out.
Only if I'm actually sorry though.
Making it the problem of woman is the quickest way to get society to give a shit and fix the problem though.
I hope so, for your sake.
What guy with muscles is fitting into an x-small?
That's a lot less than 10% of the population. I'm 7.5 inches with a 6 inch girth and I sit in the 98.6th percentile. Most woman are shit at guessing size though, most girls think my dick is of a much larger length than it actually is.
Nah your Democrats are still pretty conservative. They'd have to run as a conservative party.
And the rest of the country.
It's like they assume that if you have long legs you must also be fat be fat as shit.
My grandmother could technically fight, doesn't mean she would be overly useful.
I mean Canada produces over 80% of the world's supply while America produces around 6%. I can see where the mistake occurred.
Nah you just occasionally eat fat people meals. If you actually ate Iike a fat person you'd be fat.
Yeah medical conditions happen but the fast majority of people don't have any. Your body can't produce that fat out of nowhere, if you're gaining weight it means you're consuming more than your body requires. Also if you can't gain weight you either done eat as much as you think you do or you have a serious thyroid condition preventing you from absorbing nutrients and really should see a doctor. If you can disprove conservation of energy then go ahead, your Nobel prize awaits you.
If you've seen festival Porta potties come sunrise you'll understand why nobody would sit down.
But if the child supports payments stop he can be tossed in prison so he's forced to labour in order to provide that.
And he's doesn't have a gun.
Sometimes I don't respect them enough to do anything more than sleep with them while other times I'm physically attracted to them but we just don't click in that way.
It's gross, I silently judge anybody I know that's into panty sniffing.
Everything you upload to the Internet is now on the public domain. Don't post things on the Internet you're not OK with the Internet seeing, it's not rocket science. I mean I also think it's creepy but they need to stop being so naive about the Internet. Once you've posted it the world owns it. Posting their personal info is scummy though but they shouldn't put a photo on the Internet if they don't want the Internet to see it.
They know how to get pumped and dumped would be my guess.
Any woman who expects men she's dating to pay for all of her shit have no right to be treated as an equal. If you wanna go back to traditional gender roles then we go all the way.
Our news is just fine we just don't have much drama going on currently, or like ever.
Yeah he's correct about that being my source of confusion. Also, call me salamiface again and I may do something drastic, like call you a mean name.
I'm sorry but if you don't even try to get laid you don't get to call yourself an incel. Not having people approach you for sex doesn't mean you can't get it or else the majority of men would be incels.
We don't know. But neither do you. You seem to know lots about God, do you have any real facts to back that up? I could just as easily make the same claims about the universe and have more proof than you since the universe has been proven to exist, unlike God.
Just have your maid take it down.
Could be thousands of years old. People were dying long before diving equipment was around.
So you'd also be fine if the old boys club came back?
Woman have been the majority of high school and college grads for a solid while now. When can we expect to see affirmative action taken from woman and given to men? Society would shit a brick. At this point woman are the advantaged group in school and they are still given advantages. Institutionalized privilege.
Plus fake tits kill my boner 99% of the time.
Cause I'm sure you'd turn her down if she wanted to fuck your brains out.
Yeah Sasha gray is hot and all but when every video is her getting angry fucked in the ass it kills me. Can't masturbate to that.
Yeah I just don't like super opionated people. The more apathetic the better.
So basically just let rich people freely shit all over the poor and basically have a slave force. If Somalia is your goal it already exists.
How does more people make it more difficult when you then have more people paying taxes? It's a cop-out. If that was the issue you at least see a few states implement them, but you don't.
I mean if they're popping that question out of the blue on a first date they are very likely not a casual feminist and feel quite strongly about the subject.
Seriously, I can't imagine a quicker way to destroy a country than to put big decisions to a popular vote. The average person is borderline brain dead.
Like the ads started at show time? In Winnipeg showtime is when the previews start. Ads are played but that's before showtime as the pre-show because it's filler time where it's better than a blank screen.
Maybe you should have Bill Gates turn off the Internet to teach us dirty foreigners a lesson.
Not much. Would be a real shit show all around. Nobody would come out of that situation a winner.
Adopting a Chinese? Is this similar to ordering Chinese?
Ethnically but not racially.
Why is it different when it comes to woman and babies. If you found an adults body in a dumpster your first assumption wouldn't be innocence.
Yeah there's a disturbing amount of people in here to defend a woman for dumping a dead baby in a dumpster at the minimum, ignoring the fact she may have killed it herself. Nobody would give a man this much of the benefit of the doubt if he was disposing of dead babies in a dumpster.
You can't possibly be this willfully obtuse. Get your shit together.
From what I've seen in this thread it's just a bunch of people justifying that she's innocent and also a victim here. It's like a bunch of people defending a rapist saying it's not his fault, we should give them their privacy! Switch the genders and we'd be tying a noose.
Just look at this thread. People are performing gymnastics to make her out to be a poor victim here.
Babies can't make any choices. Are you comparing grown woman to helpless babies? That's pretty fuck fucking sexist.
Attack is opinions, not his home or you're no better.
Catch a person stealing from your store and his first thought is to offer them a job? Good god I can promise you this guy's staff robs him blind if they even respect him.
Seriously, if my dad started telling me the story of how he met my mom years and years before they even met I'd roll my eyes and tell my dad to get over himself.
Enough pot to make this look like a good idea
Yes and that was a bloody mess of a genocide.
Had an ex ask me not to masturbate over bullshit religious reasons. We were having lots of premarital sex so I wasn't even sure how to respond. I just ok and started telling her I wasn't Jerking off but in reality I was still going ham.
Yeah the only time I've ever had wet dreams was on a family vacation where I had no opportunity to jerk it for like 2 weeks as a teenager. Never happened again, I'm convinced frequent masturbation keeps them away but I don't wanna go through the unpleasant process to confirm it.
Seriously, not having any interest from the opposite sex during a time when your hormones are raging and insecurity is high can be fucking brutal. I don't think people remember how lonely it could feel back then.
Yeah it depends on the job. I work the kitchen industry currently and people always become good friends cause who else is gonna get faced with you after work at 3 in the morning.
I've noticed with my friends it's not that the party stopped, it's that we learned how to stay on our feet until the end of the night.
We obviously need affirmative action to get more men into higher education using the logic we've been using. Of course people would collectively lose their shit if that were to happen.
Seriously, anybody who claims they wouldn't play with their junk first is a dirty liar. I'd immediately start playing with myself so I've got insider experience when I switch back. Most beneficial thing to do. Sure I could go to a bar and flirt for drinks but I'd rather do something that will benefit me when I return.
Going around cockslapping people as a dude is just asking for bad things.
Yeah most crazy smart people I know also have crazy smart parents. Sure exceptions happen but for the most part you're likely to be around as intelligent as your parents are.
I wouldn't mind a holiday to celebrate our French brothers. If they feel like they aren't truly apart of Canada joining in on their cultural celebrations can only help.
Quite easy to avoid if you don't live in Quebec or various French pockets.
Or don't leave your insanely expensive bike helmet unsupervised around drunk people. Would have been your own fault.
I mean still not great but it's getting better. Obviously anything bigger would be listed as an XXL condom which would be a huge ego stroke.
But then they'd have to live in America and not New Zealand
Sure it doesn't smell like KD? My dehydrated pee smells like KD so then hungover me has to make kraft dinner or I won't be satisfied.
You can look at any drug this way. Even pot involves burning plan material and inhaling the smoke and burned particles. In the end we all die.
The cost all comes from being illegal and risky to take across borders. If cocaine was regulated like rice you'd get fucked for a night for 10 dollars.
Or wipe it when you are done. I find it quite easy to leave a bathroom clean when I'm done. I'm convinced people who don't have brain damage and never mentally progressed past being a toddler.
Exactly, not doing so basically makes you a Gaul.
Bullshit. Only people who always smell and are used to it don't smell themselves. People tell me I always smell great and I immediately know if I smell slightly funky.
It's a side effect of never having to approach themselves. Can't have both sides of the bread buttered.
Only a third the price? You can find top shelf coke for 42 bucks? But where? Just so I know to avoid that area....
Yeah but if that is all you can afford to eat then you definitely fit the requirements for government assistance and they eat better than Ramen everyday.
Yes?....
So terrorist attacks and natural disasters are now art?
One time and got nothing but a fine, not stuck on a sex offenders registry. How many time would a dude have been arrested?
So no sex offenders registry?
I'm not sure that letting people finger you in public makes any sense.
If you're gonna put a video on the Internet and demand people pay for it you're so naive. Like stupid levels of naive.
And given a fine and not put on a sex offenders registry. You deserve to be arrested if you're letting people jerk you off in public. I have no sympathy.
Yeah that's next level white guilt.
Not shooting up classrooms, clubs and movie theatres I guess.
Yeah I'm out of it now but back when I drank every night hangovers just really stopped being a thing. People ask how alcoholics deal with being hungover all the time, they just aren't.
http://time.com/3393442/cdc-rape-numbers/ http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2449454/More-men-raped-US-women-including-prison-sexual-abuse.html Grabbed these off of a quick search but am too lazy to do any more.
I mean they're more likely to trade more pay for more lenient hours and more holiday time. With woman being much more likely to want these things no shit pay dropped when it became female dominated. I also noticed it compared different fields from when it was male dominated in the 50s to now when it is female dominated. Pay as a whole has gone to shit compared to then in most areas.
Yes but feminism is directly making that worse. It's perfect for making woman feel like the real victims even in areas where they aren't.
Yeah at that point calling yourself a feminist means literally nothing since it can mean anything. What bullshit.
Yeah I've never actually seen feminists fighting for men when it wasn't also beneficial to woman. It's a side thought.
Yeah of course I'm gonna teach my kids to have a strong jaw. Life will slap you around, I'd rather they not have a breakdown every time things get a little tough. I think teaching your kids to buck up is absolutely necessary or you end up with an adult who whines about every little thing.
Yeah I used to do short stints slip forming which is some grueling back breaking work. Due to hiring quotas we had to have some woman up on deck getting paid the exact same even though all they had to do once sweep up after us because they literally could not do the work. Getting paid the same to push a broom while I'm sacrificing my health hauling godly amounts of concrete. Hire woman on to the crew for all I care, just make sure they can do everything the men have to do if she's getting paid the same.
Nah Canada is more diverse and we don't have anywhere near the same issues they blame on brown people.
What and you don't remove the high crime areas from the other countries as well? That would be a bullshit comparison.
Yeah this is a tragedy. But seriously, have one kid drown in your pool is an accident, once you get to two kids it's just gross negligence.
I don't even mention it to people until we've started sleeping together.
Yeah my mom having my dad pay for her trips to cheat on him without his knowledge didn't help. I just don't imagine ever growing old with somebody. Relationships come and go but even the ones you think will last forever likely won't.
Source?
I have a feeling that if you stopped washing the thing it might smell funny, I know my balls do.
But he also revealed the government was breaking lots of laws. Nobody has been arrested. By only going after Snowden they are saying they support the government breaking laws. At which point you Americans might as well put that second Amendment to use I hear you guys talking about.
Their were other avenues. They ignored him and told him to hush up. Leaving him the option of turning a blind eye or breaking the law to let the public know their government is breaking laws. If you don't give people a legal way to fix it from the inside don't be surprised when it gets leaked.
Well he was on his way to another country when the US revoked his visa while in Russia. He didn't have a choice but to stay there. You can't force him to stay in Russia and then turn around and give him shit for staying in Russia.
He was on his way to another country when there he US revoked his VISA. He didn't pick Russia, he was forced to stay there. Can't halt a guys movement and then give him shit for staying where you stranded him.
Yeah and that's now history. You'd have a point if they were still doing it.
Yeah they're giving him advice based on what's best for the girls involved. When it comes to dating don't take advice from other woman unless you really trust them.
People leave you alone when you're in the bathroom. On that note, fuck people who try to have a conversation with you while you're in the bathroom.
My dick is on average around 5 inches flaccid and it happens to me often so I'm not sure what to say. Usually on a low hanging day does it happen though.
It's hard to not talk about it when you guys have regular massacres.
And cars are very heavily regulated as a result. Suggest the same for guns and people act as if you're trying to enslave them.
No shit, but if as many people used guns in big groups as often as people drive you'd see more deaths from that as well.
Yeah I'm thinking in relation to myself. I'm 6'3 and active so a cheeseburger from the dollar menu isn't a full meal to me.
If your dick smell overpowers cigarette smell you have one stank ass dick cause once you smell of smoke it's hard to get rid of.
I mean I can physically and quite easily sit in that position but it hurts my nuts something unpleasant so I'd rather not.
Nah even at my skinniest which was 6'3 and 160 pounds it hurt my nuts to do that. Sure putting on 25 pounds didn't help but it was still an issue as a much skinnier person.
Just do what you did before Internet porn was easily accessible. You bring the underwear section of the last sears catalogue and jerk it to the models.
But what if I'm bussing and can't travel within 30 minutes? I'd have no choice but to crank in there.
I think it's common enough on the Internet that most people will know what it is. I don't even know anybody in the military really and even I got the reference.
So if men paying higher insurance rates because of reality is OK is it OK to prefer hiring men because woman are more likely to take maternity leave and start working part time? Either discrimination based on gender is OK or it isn't. Can't pick and choose which is most convenient.
Meh my sister is solid for that. We're close and cares about me more than a random girl. But in pretty much every other situation you're right.
You can't ignore the difference in T levels between the sexes. Many Trans people transitioning from a woman to a man reported how surprised they were by the massive increase in libido they got.
My country has very liberal civil union laws so even living with a woman you're dating for more than 6 months to a year means you guys are essentially married under the law.
People like you are why people think the red pill is full of raging sexists. Forcing woman to breed before being allowed into college? Stop making us look bad.
So I'm assuming you've already enlisted to go and fight? Or are you just cranking your own horn about how small your mind is?
Yes but would you introduce your girlfriend to your parents if she was wearing that.
If you think walking around in that outfit is an acceptable thing to do then no, you do not know how to dress yourself.
You do know that some people here aren't Americans?
I mean as long as you managed to bring a girl home who needs standards .
Well now my hands hurt.
They already do.
Sometimes I think some of you people live in backwoods shit holes.
Of course, dudes who do nothing but post pictures of them flexing in a mirror also come across as dolts.
I know a couple that will literally be in the bathroom with them while they poop if they are having a conversation they want to continue. Like shit, I tell people to fuck off simply for talking to me through the door.
Majority of my burps are intentional. I'll forgive accidentally burping or farming right in a person's face but if you're intentionally doing it I'll find your gross as a person. Manners are ok.
Vampire diaries. I should be more ashamed of this but I'm not. It's not my fault Buffy and true blood are over and I need my fix damnit.
But they've already started laying out timelines for it. It's not like they've done nothing to move forward. This is happening. Nothing would bring out the younger generation to vote quite like him fucking this.
