And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury* ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight. I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5. First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it. One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard. Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer). SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops. I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
It's also amazing for making you better at sniping. Play a few days with nothing but NLB in crucible then switch to a "good" secondary sniper like a nice 1000y stare and you'll wreck people with how much smoother it is to use.
Shadowshot usually keeps it. Hammer and BD "can" keep it but I have no idea how it's figured out. Probably 90% lag in those cases but I know I've seen/had it happen to me. The fact that it consistently happens with Fist of Havoc, Nova bomb and shadowshot is incredibly dumb though.
Just saying this is incredibly dumb that this happens. FoH, Nova bomb and shadowshot all do this but it should not be a thing imo.
I'm equally impressed by not only the no-scope but also the fact that you hit the Titan RIGHT as he activated his super but before he had the increased armor from it somehow. Otherwise you wouldn't have 1shot him with NLB's stupid crit formula.
Oh is that what it was? Didn't pay enough attention I guess. I hate that NLB doesn't follow the normal sniper damage formula for criticals. I'd love using it all the time if it was reasonable that way. I should at least be able to revive snipe with it T_T
I don't think it's random head cannon considering we JUST saw the entire plane and all the planeswalkers having so much trouble trying to JUST stop Ulamong but now they can suddenly actually kill both Ulamong AND Kozilek and not even just trap them. It took 3 pre-mending planeswalkers just to trap the Eldrazi originally. The whole thing with Ob Nixilis, he just regained his spark and was all obsessed with leaving the plane as fast as possible and yet didn't. And sure we had New Phyrexia but this is the Eldrazi that have been said to be unkillable in any way and any "war" against them was more of how to flee and survive as much as possible while trying to figure out a way to contain them rather than even kill them. Hell Ugin doesn't even factor in here at all it seems, what was the point of going back and time and waking him up then?
you can revive snipe ONLY if you have The Master buff active. That's not exactly "just fine"
I enjoyed this far more than I thought I would. I'm also EXTREMELY bothered by the fact you didn't pick up your pyramid item thingy that the boss dropped.
The real issue is Wizard's policy on Modern. They don't want anything too unfun / uninteractive or that wins too fast consistently. Any time something becomes too good they feel it has to be killed. Rather than things becoming stronger and printing answers or making new decks they just want to tone down everything else. The other issue is the inconsistency of reprints. You get very specific cards that become key parts of decks that spike in price because they only have one printing and are not likely to be reprinted. Cards like summer bloom, Azusa, Vesuva, Tolaria West, not going to be reprinted any time soon in most any cases but also are not played in any other decks so they spike but solely based on play in a single deck. This means there's a lot of inherent risk in the value of these cards.
This sure as hell better ship with my copy of the special edition. I was thinking about complaining to them in person about it if they didn't announce this. It's bad enough I didn't get it from Best Buy for the 20% off but then I have to pay Gamestop's absurd shipping prices too because you can't order online and pick up in store. ...is it February 19th yet?
Not exactly something you can do on an item like this that sells out instantly online half the time and you have to order asap when it pops up to even get one.
Looks way better than the tracking on my Truth since the TTK update. Mine won't detonate when it's 2 feet to the side of anyone and it sure as hell won't think about tracking or curving 95% of the time.
I'd love for Destiny 2 to go 60 FPS but in all reality it never will. Bungie LOVES 30 fps. Every Bungie game has been 30 fps and they love that for whatever reason. They like the consistency or some crap.
Where do I call to report child abuse? You only let him play Rift in crucible? That has to be some sort of torture.
Interestingly on MTGO the list you get is all cards not just cards you should be able to name. Technically you're only allowed to name cards that are legal in whatever format you're playing.
I mean honestly this is the opponents problem. This is exactly how Pithing needle works. You can name any card legal in the format. You aren't under any obligation to clarify what your opponent means if he names a different card than you think he means or names a card that it doesn't actually work on. Similarly you can name any card that produces mana with pithing needle and your opponent might think that works even though it doesn't. You aren't under any obligation to tell your opponent the correct way cards work if they're misplaying them against you. TL:DR know how your cards work if you're going to play them.
Great list. Couple things though. 1) Hobgoblins don't activate their shield if you shoot them with a sidearm 2) Similar to the explosive shanks, fusion rifles will prevent supplicants from exploding on death as well. (Explosive harpies in VoG Atheon fight) This includes the vex mythoclast. 3) You can run along the wall on the left side of the Mausoleum area to get to the scent chest rather than going on the invisible platforms. Usually quite easy once you try it a few times, especially with a sword. Much faster than using the platforms. 4) For whatever reason, the weekly Shaxx bounty for completing 5 Shaxx bounties counts Iron Banner weekly bounties towards it as well. 5) The "poison" chest on the dreadnought can be easily opened by using a sword and blocking while opening it so that you don't die. Alternatively you can use a super that gives increased armor or a bubble. Also maybe it's just me but I don't think the L3/R3 thumb stick click sparrow side-boosts work except in sparrow racing. I tried doing it with my sparrow normally and I don't think it worked at all.
Just worth noting that if you're doing the gunsmith weapons for legendary marks exchange, prioritize rocket launchers first since they take less motes of light to level up to get 5 marks instead of 3.
I didn't mention SRL since it's not around anymore (and forgot really) but the Trials weeklies don't count toward the Shaxx weekly. I think they might have in the past at one point but they don't anymore.
If you're talking about mono-red burn as not running any creatures then absolutely. There's no way you're playing any effective mono-red deck without creatures as well. As far as mono-red compared to Boros or Naya it's much worse but you could still probably do it. The issue is that with fetch and shock lands the opportunity cost of the fixing to run Boros or Naya is just so low that it's absolutely worth it for how powerful the cards you get access to are. [[Atarka's Command]] is just insane in the deck. Access to [[Kor Firewalker]] is insane in the mirror. [[Boros Charm]] is probably the best straight burn spell in modern with rare corner cases where the other abilities are worth while. [[Destructive Revelry]] is just 99% strictly better than [[Smash to Smithereens]] for almost all cases. The fact that mono-red can straight lose to a leyline of sanctity without green for Destructive Revelry is a pretty big deal if it's a card people in your area sideboard often. If you're your deck to be competative I'd say to pick up a playset of [[bloodstained mire]]'s and [[wooded foothills]] now before they become more expensive if you don't have them. A couple shock lands to fetch shouldn't be too expensive to go with them and you don't really need [[Arid Mesa]] specifically since you don't really want any lands that don't produce red on their own anyway. Even if you ran mono-red you'd likely want fetchlands anyway to turn on [[searing blaze]] and [[searing blood]] especially at instant speed. They also are very good if you want to play [[grim lavamancer]].
If this is true it's just more of Wizards agenda to permanently kill Legacy and Vintage even more since it seems like they have no plans of finally abolishing the reserved list. SCG stopped doing Legacy, Wizards is slowly killing it on MTGO. It's a bad time to be a legacy player it seems. That said if anyone is looking to sell some cheap duals or such...let me know?
If you need to farm gold just buy the gold boost for 4k honor tokens during the weekend and farm the crap out of the gold quests. With a decent gold farming team I made almost 20 million without much trouble. Used several stamina fruits granted but that much lasts you a long time.
I had the best luck running the 20AP daily rather than the 30AP one. Got ~300k per run I want to say, maybe more if I got all the bonuses. Granted this is with a full team of increased gold drop. And like I said, I burned a bunch of fruit since I didn't want to have to worry about gold for a while. They're not really hard to come by between rings and honor tokens anyway.
I absolutely love exiling Venser to himself in MTGO cube. Nobody ever expects it and you can do some really broken things. Not to mention gaining a lot of loyalty at times by doing it.
Distributors can also be told by Wizards to not sell to X store. Usually they also dictate how much of a product they can sell to certain stores to a degree. If Wizards doesn't want your store buying product you sure as hell can bet they can stop distributors from selling it to you. You think a distributor is going to risk getting cut off from Wizards supply to get your store product if Wizards tells them not to sell to you?
The real issue is going to be with Judges and if Judges are told they have to report any store or location that is using proxies in any way. We just saw Wizards ban a massive group of Judges with fairly little discrimination it seems. Now imagine that every low level judge is told they have to report any location that they witness using Proxies. They can't use WER at locations they see using proxies. They have to worry that they'll not only get kicked out of the judge program but could also be banned from the DCI for judging at one of these locations or not reporting on them. It's so easy for Wizards to see who judged at a location that was reported for having proxies and then you find out what happens to all those judges that didn't report it.
I'm curious about a few things. Will judges be held responsible for reporting on stores using or allowing proxy use on the site? I can see Wizards threatening and banning Judges for not reporting on this which could turn into a big issue. To some extent you can say that well nobody will tell Wizards about proxy use and they'll never know as long as you don't advertise. What happens when a Judge at a pptq or pre-release or fnm is expected to report proxy use or be kicked out of the judge program or even banned from the DCI? Curious myself how gold-bordered cards are handled. Some groups might not allow proxies but will allow gold-bordered cards as a cheaper alternative in legacy/vintage or EDH environments. These are technically not allowed in tournament play but will they still be allowed to use in stores? They're basically wizards created proxies. How is Wizards going to enforce this? If not for the judge scenario are they going to have people randomly checking locations? If not the threat is somewhat meaningless. How far will they investigate when told about a store breaking the rules? It'd be one hell of an easy way to kill competition among stores in your area if someone were to inform Wizards about all the local stores simply ignoring this rule. People seem to underestimate how big of a deal WPN membership is. You're talking about not longer being able to do basically anything Magic related. Hell they could go further and cut you off of anything Wizards or even Hasbro related. How many stores also do D&amp;D as well as Magic? How much are stores willing to gamble with Wizards on this threat?
Can we get an altered version of this with just the land a barren Hellscape with the Eldrazi having destroyed everything and the Planeswalkers instead retreating away to another plane? Thanks in advance. Screw this happy ending BS story.
You realize you're taking this as what now, third hand heresay? You're talking about likely a single lvl5 judge at a huge tournament who has to make calls on tons of games every round. They don't have time during normal rounds to go crazy and look over every detail of the story that was already handled by a lower level judge. If a judge call takes 10 minutes and then an appeal is made and they have to find the lvl5 judge and come make a further ruling you're talking about probably at least another 5-10 minutes to do just that without going over all the details again. That's one single match. Now consider there are hundreds of matches going on at once that round and there are a dozen more rounds in the tournament that have to happen after this round. You can't realistically take that much time and have to delay future rounds by hours because of judge calls and appeals, it's just not realistic to hosting the entirety of a tournament. The fact that there's even the option of appealing a ruling and getting a lvl5 judge to come for ANY and all rulings through a whole tournament is already impressive. Look at other sports where you either can't appeal rulings made during a match or if you can it's only during specific parts of the game. And in those cases you're only talking about a SINGLE match happening at once, not hundreds. Not to mention this whole scenario seems like it came down to miscomunication between a lower level judge and the head judge. If you've never been to a tournament like a GP you've got to realize things will be noisy. When you're talking about someone in charge of dealing with all the other judges and then putting final rulings on things you aren't paying attention to all the noise around you to hear if other people are commenting under their breath or whatever that it was a Token creature. Details can easily get missed in the noise of everything. Judges are people too and can make mistakes.
You realize every single one of those distribution companies gets their product from the same single company Wizards right? Wizards gives them a list of stores they can't sell product to and boom you're dead in the water as far as getting product from any of them. Other stores are more than happy to buy up the extra product and the distribution companies don't lose a dime. You realize distribution companies are constantly in contact between Wizards and individual stores on how much of different product they can and will sell stores.
You don't think Wizards has contracts with every WPN store? That's part of the what being a WPN store is. Wizards cuts you off and you get nothing. You might be able to buy product from Channel Fireball or wherever other players buy product but that's it. No more discounts, no more sanctioned events, no more promos. Not to mention you would not be able to legally advertise that you even sell the product even. Honestly I'm not totally sure but I wouldn't be surprised if Wizards does have the ability to prevent you from selling the product even if you did buy it somewhere else. Free market isn't as simple as you seem to think it is. You agree to a lot of things simply by buying a product from a company and selling it. There's a lot of different rules in play depending on if you're a store versus a single person.
Which wizards could could still tell you that you can't play at any WPN store. You have to follow their official rules of gameplay when you're playing at a location, even casually it seems. This means your cards do what they say they do according to their official oracle text.
I'm curious how this is going to affect big name teams/stores/companies that playtest etc. Are you telling me that Wizards expects CFB teams etc to own every card that they playtest with and make sure they swap them around and use all the exact actual cards? At that point you're talking about a company that runs major official events for Wizards. Cutting off your neighborhood store might not affect Wizards but are they going to be so quick to threaten and hold major companies like CFB or SCG accountable to the same degree? Cause I'm sure all the pros wait until the sets are already out and they obtain multiple playsets of every card before they playtest. I've never heard of any situations where pros are buying cards on site at a GP to play in that tournament, good thing they never participated in illegal counterfeit activities playtesting that card they didn't have beforehand.
Interesting since that's not what I've heard from store owners that have to deal with getting product from distributors. Are you not in the US? It may work differently in some different countries. I know it's much more controlled with certain sets such as MMA or even as recently as the craziness that happened with Zendikar fatpacks.
As far as I'm aware you can't use the cards to represent a different card. You could sanction an event as a create your own format event with the same Modern pool of cards but also Deathrite but you'd have to report that event as such under being a build your own format event. As far as I'm aware any reported events however have to follow all of the standard DCI magic rules. This even technically includes EDH at your local store. You will note however that up until now plenty of locations didn't do this and nobody was really holding anyone else accountable for it.
Suddenly Trump's campaign makes a lot more sense. He's just confused about what position everyone is running for.
You can sanction it as "any format" but that doesn't mean that you can treat the magic cards as different cards. You have to follow the same rules as the game has and what the cards do.
I wouldn't say Tarkir got nuked. It got effectively rewritten but that's not quite the same. And you're talking about 2 of the strongest creatures to ever exist in the known multiverse. 3 old walkers had to work together just to trap the 3 of them with TONS of preperation. Now 4 neo-walkers just casually full out killed them. It's not about having a happy ending, it's about that happy ending not making sense and being bullshit. It's like if Mirrodin had all the build up of the Phyrexians and how impossible it was to fight them then at the end they were just like "Oh hey could you not?" And the Phyrexians just were like "oh sure we'll just leave you alone bye". The build up and story doesn't fit with what actually ended up happening.
Oh I totally get that wizards didn't care that they were judges. My point is they have more control over judges. They can tell judges they expect them to report people using "Counterfeits" and if they don't they can more directly hold them accountable. Some random getting banned by the DCI sucks but a mass group of judges getting banned for not reporting on stores (Where they're working for those stores and making money in many cases from them) is much more of a serious issue. It's a hell of an awkward situation to be put in for judges. Come judge and event at a store and be paid for your time working there, but at the same time be expected by Wizards to report on the store if they're breaking these rules. You report on the store and the store could have it's WPN membership revoked and you won't be working there anymore. Don't report on the store and you could get your Judge qualification revoked and be banned by the DCI. You're in a major lose-lose situation.
I finally got pretty much my god roll for PvE anyway...still looking for PvP. Legendary blackhammer status. Triple-tap and casket mag being the main perks I wanted. Got Shortgaze scope and mulligan which I'm kind of meh about. Would have preferred something like Firefly and the scope wasn't a big concern. PvP I want longview, Hidden Hand, snapshot and I suppose partial refund or army of one but the last perk doesn't matter much. Best PvP one I have is longview, hidden hand, casket mag and last resort. 2/3 isn't bad but missing snapshot feels really bad on anything but bladedancer. I actually have another with snapshot that I use on Titan/Warlock but it has a different scope. Casket mag actually has been surprisingly nice all things said in pvp. Need to try using Ambush scope again too since I use to use it all the time. Edit: No love for longview? I thought it had the same zoom as ambush and honestly now that I've gotten use to it I find it pretty nice. Ambush might be ever so slightly faster to ADS. I actually find lower stability pretty fine for me with snipers as I tend to be more of a drag scoper and usually don't rely on the stability much at all.
But I don't need MORE sources of wormspore... Screw you dreadnaught maps.
I'll honestly just be happy if DeeJ comes back to work at all at this point. I assure you he has some idea what's going on and if this was Japan we'd be talking about people jumping off buildings before coming back to work at this point. It takes a brave man to willingly walk into the fire that is this game currently.
If I didn't read this sub-reddit I wouldn't know it was broken. Thanks worthless nightfall rewards for not making me waste my time! Hell I could get 15 Marks so I can gamble 135 for 3 with a 1 in a million chance at a god roll 1000y stare and be happier than the trash I get usually. Nightfall rewards might as well list as 3 Marks or on a lucky occasion strange coins. When I'm happier to get strange coins or 3 of coins from Nightfall than 99.9% of anything else that ever drops there's obviously a problem.
I thought about doing this once. Then I decided not to because my god it'd be a pain in the ass to do and then mess up the second I want one of the guns there. Seriously though where are all your exotics? I've dismantled so many guns I've practically started dismantling exotics I don't use just for more space. I think my only surviving y1 guns are fatebringer, a couple other vault weapons and my G-horn.
I don't really consider being ruled by dragons to really be that bad of an ending. In the new timeline it's basically come to be accepted. Plenty of the clans live and work together with the dragons even. I wouldn't even remotely consider that close to a plane being literally wiped from existence and having every bit of mana drained from it and all life destroyed. Or mirrodin where all non-phyrexian life is exterminated and being "perfected". The point is 3 old walkers are on a totally different scale of power level to new walkers. It being "harder" to trap them for the 3 of them shouldn't even really be relevant. The new walkers power levels should basically be like that of an insect compared to them. Jace is suppose to just figure out how these hedrons work and be able to instantly manipulate them AND hold of Kozileks distortion abilities like it's nothing. Nissa has an intimate connection to the soul of Zendikar? Zendikar is suppose to be like mostly destroyed at this point, any soul that is left shouldn't be that crazy powerful. Chandra has ghostfire magic powers? Ok how are those powers suppose to be remotely strong enough to kill the Eldrazi. Our reference is a single card for [[Ghostfire]] that does 3 damage. The caveat is that it can hit Emrakul while any colored spells can't. It costs 3x as much as a traditional lightning bolt for the same effect. The Eldrazi are so powerful you'd need at least 4 ghostfires to theoretically kill them. Chandra has never even been shown to be that strong with her fire damaging attacks let alone this special kind of fire magic. And even aside that Ulamong is "indestructible". The point still stands that they were backed into a wall failing to try to contain Ulamong and then Kozilek gets released and they somehow magically go from barely containing one titan to full out killing two. I'd accept MAYBE killing Ulamong and then fleeing before Kozilek got there to help and finish off the job of killing them all but just killing both is insane. The fact that Ugin and Sorin never even showed up to get involved is also absurd. It basically looks like they had a more involved and fleshed out story for a 3-block Cycle, changed the block structure and had to make a sudden change to make up an ending and it sucked. Hell the Planeswalkers on mirrodin could barely do anything against the Phyrexians and honestly the Eldrazi Titans should be at least on a similar power level if not stronger. And you're talking about Karn being on mirrodin and he's arguably stronger than any of the 4 that saved Zendikar.
Well to be fair you can back out and leave skyshock whenever you get the map. You can't get the exotic swords without doing the material farming.
The lower level judge told the lvl5 it was just a creature that died. He did not say it was a token creature. This makes the entire difference in the ruling. The fact that the lvl5 did not know this and made a ruling on it being a non-token creature and what would happen, agreeing with the lower level judge is the whole point. He didn't make an incorrect ruling as much as he made a ruling on a different fact altogether. He didn't not know the correct answer, he wasn't asked the right question.
Mama never played Skyshock.
Honestly a bit salty considering I just searched all over locally and bought a copy for $60 at Target of all places. I already own/played the first on 360 but oh well. I might replay on the Wii U for the costumes, plus I think I gave away my 360 copy to a friend.
Wish this would show up as in stock, that lower price is quite a bargain. Bought a copy at Target just recently and it was the normal $60 new. Oh well.
Would be really cool of them if the standalone game comes with a code for a discount on the first game on the e-shop like it does if you buy Bayonetta 2 digitally. Wonder if they'll drop the price of the game on the e-shop to match the new standalone game release.
Certainly makes me more interested in replaying it anyway. What makes it better?
To be fair Twin was THE top deck pretty much as long as it has existed in some way or another. It really locks down the format as far as you have to either get under the T4 win or be able to stop it. With it banned it really opens up a lot of potential for a lot of different decks. Honestly did ANY decks not have a maindeck answer to Twin and not run at least 4 sideboard cards specifically for the match-up? It's a good 75% at least of why spellskite is as expensive as it is.
Can you hear that everyone? That's the sound of all the Ugin's and Karn's prices skyrocketing even higher. Wish I pulled the trigger on that last Eye of Ugin i needed...I feel like Eldrazi is going to be insane now. To be fair I think the Twin ban is totally justified. The deck is still playable but you don't have to worry so much about the turn 4 instant win. It really was pretty stifling to the format that you either had to get under the turn 4 win or stop it or instantly lose against arguably the most popular deck for the majority of Modern's lifespan. Wonder if this will finally mean that scalding tarn will no longer be the most expensive fetch land anymore...probably not.
The problem isn't giving them the idea. They said this "issue" is their top priority at the moment but they're having trouble finding a clean rule to solve it.
I think people are missing part of the point here. They aren't saying that the Twin ban wasn't warranted. They're saying that if there wasn't a modern PT they wouldn't be as concerned about there being a "best deck" that is consistently top tier and warps the meta-game around it. The point is it looks bad for the format for Splinter Twin to be such a consistently dominating deck that everyone has to constantly be aware of and play around specifically. If you weren't prepared for the splinter twin match-up your deck just wasn't competitive. This makes for bad coverage at the PT level and makes modern less appealing for people to get into which is bad PR for Wizards. This doesn't mean that splinter twin isn't ban-worthy as well, it's just that if there was no PT for modern they would be much less concerned about making any bannings at all except for things that are huge huge problems or mistakes. I suspect if there was no modern PT instead of these bannings we'd be much more likely to simply see zero bans or unbans.
Maybe they realized that Shinobu's Vow would be stupid OP? Granted bladedancers have pretty crap exotics for PvP. They'll probably have to nerf skip grenades horribly like they did to scatter grenades if they do release it.
That's exactly it though. They haven't released this exotic yet. Looking at it you can tell it's too strong and needs to be changed before it's released. People data-mined it though and know about it beforehand and expect it to come out now. Then they'll be mad if it comes out and gets changed to be less overpowered.
They didn't ban it because it's the "best deck" though, they banned the card because it warped the meta-game around it. You HAD to have a way to deal with twin t4 or you couldn't compete. They banned it for the health of the format so that people can brew and create varying decks without having to worry "how do I beat t4 twin" in every scenario. The thing about the modern PT is that it puts modern under the public eye more so they're forced to keep it healthy. They don't have to worry as much about the format if it isn't going to get that much public attention.
Oh I absolutely don't think that the exotic not being out yet has anything to do with balance issues. They have no problem releasing an exotic and if it's overpowered nerfing it later. It not releasing is absolutely about creating artificial longevity in the game. My point is that I wouldn't get excited or really think anything about Exotics from data-mining. They can easily be totally different when they release or could be decided to not release at all. The "microphone" rocket launcher for example was said by Bungie to never actually be a thing and isn't going to ever "come out", it's just left over from testing.
I mean...this is assuming you have a bunch of the cards already such as the fetches right? If you count all the other cards in the deck (not to mention 800+ in duals) it really adds up fast. There is a decent bit of overlap though.
I'm almost jealous of stores that even have actual judges at their pre-releases. Mine usually does I believe but I don't think always. And they certainly don't seem to do much most of the time. Sounds like a kind of crappy situation but I've experienced my fair share of shady things going on at pre-releases. Best is when one Judge seemed to have an impossibly amazing deck. Of course this was earlier on when I started playing and of course neither I or anyone else said anything. I don't mean anyone saw him put cards in his deck etc but we're talking 3/4 bomb Mythics in the same color pair (gold cards back in gatecrash) two of which were the same card, and none of them were the promo. On top of that all the other rares and uncommons seemed to be in the same color pair too. Stuff happens and it can happen all too easy when there's a lot of people crowded together. Judges have a tough job and sometimes they need to do less "fun" things. That said part of the issue here seems to be that they didn't give adequate time back to you and your friend after the investigation for what they took away from your deck building. It also seems a bit poorly handled how open and public the investigation etc was where everyone seemed to be judging you because of it. It's hard to get around but it's certainly something that can be very intimidating and frustrating to be on the receiving end of. This is one reason why it's good in GPs etc for people to have random deck checks so that it's not obvious that Judges are being "unfairly" suspicious of any particular person. Not that this is really reasonable at a pre-release.
It appears this only applies to in store pre-orders? I think I remember their online pre-orders opening once or twice after the 18th as well. Regardless I checked and am glad to say my online order was made on the 17th. Still sad I not only didn't get the 20% off from Best Buy but also have to pay like $12 shipping but I'll take that over $300+ from scalpers any day. Best Buy really hates me too because I have probably got 6+ emails from them since the 12th when the game was announced for pre-order for "Are you still interested in this product?" linking me to the special edition page that has had "not available online" ever since then consistently. Honestly Nintendo really needs to get their shit together with pre-orders. They're a disaster.
I'm debating this myself. On one hand I feel like I knowingly spent money on this game knowing it was an online game and could go away at any time. At the same time FUCK Gumi. They've been a horrible company lately and blatantly lie to their customers. They literally dismissed rumors of a shutdown days before announcing a shutdown with no justification. They constantly had bugs and issues that they half assed at best to try to address. One of the biggest problems is that a lot of times your "refund" is from Google etc not actually from Gumi. It's hilariously disgusting that they pushed global exclusive paid content RIGHT before announcing the shut down as many people spent a LOT of money on that. The fact that they are not announcing why they're closing the game and don't seem to be shutting down BF is even more questionable. Doesn't help that most of my recent purchases were through the Amazon app store due to their coins promotion and supposedly at least Amazon and Apple have much worse refund policies. Anyone have any experience or luck trying to file for a refund through Amazon or Google for previously spent Prysma?
Link to that game?
People complain about Iron Banner Control because there's so many people that don't play the objective... So in response Bungie decides to put out Iron Banner RIFT? Are you fucking kidding me? Rift is probably the single worst crucible gametype with the most balance issues. Hello Iron Banner spawn camping and mercy rule. It's like Bungie is trying to kill their game more and more.
Here's our third wave of Emotes!!! Also we nerfed Fusion rifles while we were at it because we felt generous.
Except Rift has been horrible since the day it came out. The spawns are incredibly dumb and you can easily spawn camp teams with minimal organization. Not to mention how easy it is to grab the heavy and camp spawns even more.
The problem is that Rift is the ONLY 6 man game type that does not at any time ever change spawns. When you're dealing with the amount of fireteams playing Iron Banner you're going to have pretty much EVERY match devolve into spawn camping for points. This is especially going to be a problem when there are bounties etc that reward you based on score etc.
I wish my store did FNM draft instead of Modern or Standard. Even though I own 3 Modern decks...I should really go to FNM more probably.
I just assumed this would be a given for any sealed event especially with Expeditions now being a thing. I wonder if it's just Judges/Stores not being use to it. Might be that they think the pool swapping is quicker and don't want to spend more time. Makes things quicker if people drop out too. All said it's a pretty crappy situation.
This is always horrible news to hear. But I have to ask why a single store would have $17k in Expeditions on hand that could be stolen like that. $75k in total. I'm all a fan for secure safes and if you have that much in value you likely have a lot of copies of valuable cards you really shouldn't have more than 1 of any expedition on display. Also seems very bizarre to break into a store with a water meter turn off key especially if they left it behind.
The sad thing is if Gumi didn't kill CC I'd likely have played PoTK and enjoyed and likely even put money into both. I LOVE Fire Emblem and PoTK looks great in the same sort of style. Too bad since it's being run by Gumi I'm not going to touch it. Actually I take that back, I might download it just so I can give it a 1 star rating and tell everyone how horrible Gumi is.
And this is one of many reasons I haven't touched Destiny in 2 weeks. Crucible matches where you can't pick up heavy or special ammo are the best. Had a friend who had to come to me so I could open ammo boxes for him since he couldn't himself. The only pvp that seems even remotely stable to play is Trials and between none of my friends really wanting to play and the rewards being entirely not worth it why bother? Looks like Iron Banner is going to be me logging in on the last day or so and turning in bounties I have from last IB just to buy the Class item on my Titan. Sad too since I wouldn't mind some of the armor and actually having a reason to play. Between the shit quality of the servers/pvp matchmaking and LOL IB Rift that isn't going to happen. Also as someone with a barely 1.1 or so average KD in pvp I'd like to know how I still get consistently horribly laggy matches and tons of people with flawless trials or scarab emblems in most all games? Even then I usually end up leading my team with a barely positive KD while the other teams are usually way better. wtf Bungie?
wouldn't have helped and been worth it to draw 3-4 cards just to discard him. I didn't have a bunch of cards in graveyard or anything, it was just random that I hit EVERY card aside blightsteel first. I would have won fairly easily if I actually got blightsteel out with cards left in library.
There seems to be a LOT of mana abilities that only work at sorcery speed currently. Kozilek's Translator being the most obvious one that comes up in limited now.
Probably needs to be tested against a deck with all 1-ofs to test if it's actually happening or just bad luck and coincidences. Just you know, cause it's MTGO so who knows. I know they "fixed" the ponder bug but I still cast ponder and shuffled my deck only to have the same 3 cards on top recently...in cube. The odds of that happening are so absurdly low that with MTGO's track record...yeah.
[[Endbringer]] laughs at your silly cup island traps.
I didn't know this was an unusual thing. This happens every time I run my hunter on Oryx. I try to see if I can blast the Thrall off the map. Typical what goes up...flies away forever.
Is there any way to get a TL:DR on what is confirmed and isn't confirmed to being changed as well as what is suspect to being changed or censored? It's so hard to figure out at this point as someone who hasn't been paying 100% attention to everything.
I would LOVE if they brought Cipher to the west...sadly they likely won't. And if they do it'll be like 1 set then die.
The best part is it seems they really liked to put mimics near other enemies such that you could accidentally hit them.
Try to lure multiple enemies together as much as possible to kill with a single AoE attack. This lets you get more experience and prevents you from having to repair your equipment since you don't have to use as many attacks lowering it's durability. Larger heavy weapons are always better since they have the biggest AoE skills with better hitboxes while hitting harder. Be careful about sending anyone back to your firelink shrine if they ask you to go or they might kill your firekeeper and then you're screwed.
what makes you say that? What about it?
Haven't watched Clanned. I didn't drop it because it was such a small thing but for the first few episodes it drove me insane. Specifically the mc his eyes just were so poorly done imo and clashed with the whole art style which otherwise was good.
The NX is actually a joint venture between Nintendo and Sony and they're from now on going to be working together to make consoles again from here on.
My assumption is that talking about the curse triggers it to kill him and reset him back to whenever his last "checkpoint" is. Assuming it's some sort of magic from the witch or whatever that is causing it the smell is coming from the magic starting to activate. Normally the smell is just a lingering of the effect on him in some way. Maybe it's the effect effectively telling the dogs to kill him as well? I'm honestly not sure the madbeasts are really in any way controlled by the witch. They may have been made by her but not really under her control.
It's a shame that if what I've seen/read people post is accurate the anime could cover up through LN 9 which is as far as is currently released in LN form. And we'll be lucky if we get that in English within 3-4 years at Yen Press's typical release pace based on the first novel's release. Supposedly the web novel it's being edited into LN from is much further but it'll take ages to get to that point D:
I got Yuria's gear despite her dying during the final fight with the soul of cinder...is that not normal?
But this isn't a picture of Yui. I'll take either. Her odds would probably be a lot higher if the OVA was already out.
She had like...one or two lines I think? I kept seeing her on the different lists and stuff and kept wondering if I was forgetting something.
Watch the second. Then proceed to feel empty inside.
Sometimes it depends on dvd/blu-ray sales. Sometimes there isn't enough content for a second sequel. (Sometimes there eventually is a second season once there is more of the whatever it's based on if it's based on a LN or Manga etc). Sometimes the rights holders determine that the boost to the LN/Manga etc from the anime has reached a saturation point where further anime won't boost it more and be profitable. (This is the supposed case with the Index series). Sometimes it seems certain studios just never do sequels and thus other studios don't end up doing sequels to a show that another studio did and that studio has no plans to ever do a sequel. Sometimes it's just because life sucks and isn't fair.
Is there any consensus on what are the good/bad companies when it comes to licensing Anime for NA? As far as good/bad quality of releases and or timing?
Part of me imagines this was all over the course of a single day rather than day after day. Another part of me wants the dad to just have a bb gun or something and shoot back at the kid at the end.
I use to get in a lot of fights with my parents and especially my dad. I said a lot of crap and was real mean. I know I've apologized and made sure I've told him that I do not in fact hate him but I still hate myself every time I think of it and remember all the things I've said and done.
Dare I ask what's wrong with the Index release? I've actually considered getting it when I had the funds so I'm actually concerned. I doubt they fixed any problem they had when they did the combined collection? Viz luckily doesn't look like has much of anything I'd care about to begin with. Shame to hear about the Pokemon Movie collection though, seems really dumb.
Where do I apply to have family in Japan?
Well that's just plain disappointing.
Incomplete/horrible adaptations. Made considerably worse when they end up with horrible endings, typically original endings they made up for the show, that completely ruin any chance of the show getting an actual continuation.
He does in fact open a rare that quickly gets passed off as just some garbage. [It's not](/s "force of will") D: spoiler tags don't work on this subreddit?
I didn't buy a box because I couldn't justify the $300 price tag for the odds I'd have when I knew I'd end up cracking it instead of drafting it. (RIP having 7 friends I can get to draft with me easily.) The one draft I've done so far I ended up ahead of what I paid in entry ~40 but whole the money cards I know of barely break ~$170 and almost half of that is in a single foil. The rest of the rares and money uncommons might crank the total up somewhat but that's hardly reliable. 3 Mythics totaling ~$40 is kind of lackluster but entirely average and expected. I really wish Wizards would stop jacking the msrp up on these sets so much. I'd LOVE to see a $5 or $6 msrp for packs and no guaranteed foil. Then have a larger print run and we'd actually see more reasonable prices on the extremely expensive cards. As a whole the set seems really fun but the actual value is concentrated on such few specific cards it's a huge gamble.
You realize that if the box msrp was lower and the box "value" on the cards was higher without an insanely small print run that drives the prices down right? That's my whole point. Standards set recently have had times where they are slightly over ~$100 box price on average but this only lasted a short bit after release until prices were driven down.
Pretty sure it's the "cult of the witch" or something that attacked the village. This is why Rem gets so angry at Subaru for having the smell of the witch and suspecting he's part of this group. Roswaal saved the twins from this attack...though it's not clear if he was part of the attack and simply spared them or what. If the demons use their horns to absorb mana from their surroundings it makes sense that Ram needs him to provide her with mana. We know that when Subaru used up all his mana he was basically unable to move so I imagine if she can't absorb mana from her surroundings she'd be in serious trouble very quickly if there's no way for her to get any more. Also worth mentioning that while the Dragon helped defeat or seal or do something with the witch...I don't think anyone really knows it's goals or plans or anything so it's not necessarily easy to say it's a "good" being.
It seems like there could definitely be more going on. Ram seems to owe him or depend on him in some way. (She could need him to provide her with mana to survive since without a horn she can't absorb any from her surroundings.) Rem seems to just be sticking with Ram. Beatrice seems to have some deal with him...she seems to have some sort of contract with him along with the library. She seems reluctant to leave and stray very far from it at all. Emilia...don't know. She seems to be taking what she can get and doesn't have many options with the position she's in.
I took it as one person cutting her horn but that not being the same guy as holding/carrying her afterwards. The one holding her was definitely Roswaal. I thought it was him helping intervene and save them at which point he then took them in to live/work at his mansion with him.
Is it possible to use any sort of spell to push mimics without causing them to activate? Does force push them?
This card would be stupid with collected company... I realize that isn't saying much aside how busted collected company is.
As unlikely as it may be, there's a chance the the NX will have bluray so it could be on the disk easier. Then it'd only possibly need data packs for the wii u.
Does this work with the cat ring rather than the tears of denial? I realize that it wouldn't help in a speed run but I'm curious.
Tears bypasses lethal falls? I assumed it worked similarly to spook etc where if it was an instant kill it wouldn't save you.
Which was the filler episode?
Right. But the wii discs are much more limited on space than a bluray disc would be. This means you can have higher resolution and higher detailed environments that are downloadable but not able to all fit on the disc. If you have a disc with a larger storage size you can include more of this on the disc. Most every game as far as I know on xbox one and ps4 installs the content from the disc onto the hard drive to reduce loading times, you just don't have to download all the content. The big problem with the Wii U as far as that goes is the minuscule hard drive size. Luckily...this SHOULDN'T be the case with the NX with how cheap storage is becoming.
Cause it's not possible that the incredibly sub-par coverage is turning away potential viewers. There's only so much I can put up with when trying to watch coverage when it's so bad. A zoomed in image of the table with no coverage or commentary at all would be better than a large amount of official coverage that we get. Not to even begin to mention how bad things are with the breaks and skipping around covering random crap and cutting in the middle of content.
There could be some argument to be had about it not being only a good thing if they're spending a ton of money to have this sort of a meeting and it's producing 0 results and wasting the time of everyone involved. Which based on the past track record...would not be a stretch.
I don't have much experience with the deck but playing the storm deck in the legacy gauntlet I had a few times where I cast 3 or 4 infernal tutors before grabbing tendrils. It seemed weird but also the easiest way I could think of to get the extra storm I needed to kill. Is there something wrong with doing it or something you should be doing instead? It might have been partially since I wasn't sure how the displayed storm count on tendrils worked when you were searching your library but when you have extra mana with an empty hand and are at 7 storm...what else should you do? This usually came up in situations where I had like...12+ floating, was amazed how many times I ended up with 3 LED and infernal tutor.
If you have any number of eldrazi cards in your deck this seems insane. The sideboard clause is probably the least relevant though. Even if you just have one eldrazi in your deck, if it's any good (which if you're playing with it it probably is) this is a tutor for that card. Then on top of that this lets you get the card back if your opponent used exile based removal. The downside is that it's in blue and can't get the card back from the graveyard which is more likely with removal than exile.
At least I wasn't wanting a legendary werewolf commander. This guy just seems...lame. This could be a vanilla non-legendary rare and it'd still just be mediocre. Flavor wise it just doesn't do anything and even gameplay wise it just feels weak. IMO the card needs either flash (which would be great as a combat trick AND for commander) or the face ability needs to grant Haste. (He could be a 8/8 haste for 5 that way) The fact he doesn't do ANYTHING for other werewolves just makes him really lame imo. I think it'd be cool if he did something like change werewolves to only care about non-creature spells in regards to flipping back to human.
I know people are sick of the Eldrazi and all...but I think it'd be pretty amazing if Emrakul just saunters onto Innistrad, corrupts some angels and shit, makes them into new Eldrazi Titans and then just they all peace out as the plane gets horribly messed up. Oh you killed Ulamog and Kozilek? Ok here lemme just take these two super powerful angels you had and fuse them together into giant horror as a new Titan to replace them.
Well to be fair if he keeps dying when it doesn't...he's kind of right.
Indeed it was
Notably though we have colorless cards at the start which means everything gets pushed back. Emrakul is 6 after all.
I love this flavor...but since I'm assuming the front side won't be an Eldrazi there's one really bad mechanical failure here. Coax from the blind eternities lets you get an Eldrazi card from exile or your sideboard...but you can't "see" the back side of flip cards in those zones. This means we can have all these Eldrazi cards that can't be tutored for, which makes the card even worse. I get the flavor and why the cards would only transform into Eldrazi...but it kind of falls flat when you want to have a versatile tutor effect.
RIP [[pattern of rebirth]] q.q. Green seems to have been hit harder than I expected.
they definitely don't go in the same deck. Pattern is basically a second natural order in the green decks. It's great with creatures that can sacrifice themselves like Sakura tribe elder
I thought this was next month...July 2016 not 2017. The suffering is real.
new FMP (I can't believe this is actually happening. I'd hope they actually finish the full series of novels...but that'd be a LOT of anime) Steins;gate 0 whenever that finally happens. Hard to imagine that we're actually likely to get the game in english before the anime airs. Last EVA movie...if that ever actually happens ha.
I'm a pretty big Oregairu fan but Megumi definitely should have won that one...
Ok I love Steins;gate...one of the reasons none of this makes me that salty is that best girl won 2 years ago...but why the hell does Mayuri get so much love? She was the worst character in the series to me...can someone explain?
Should be from the first episode with her in it I believe. Episode 3 I want to say? It's before their game iirc.
It's not clear exactly how his power works and how save points, so to speak, work. It's clearly not just as soon as he sleeps and wakes up since the second arc was over the course of about 4 days and each time he died he went back to the start of the first. Considering not knowing how your own power works but knowing you go back to X point whenever you die...you pretty much would have to just suicide ASAP once shit went wrong and hope you go back far enough.
This makes a lot of sense. It'd be weird to have one half of a team trying to counter the plays of the other half. Also the extra turn after you control them with emrakul would be totally messed up if only half of the team got it.
Blue is too strong. We're not longer going to print blue planeswalkers. We will be printing two white planeswalkers regularly instead. I'm okay with this.
Knowing that you're going to go back in time and not "really" die would certainly help the mental aspect of it. Combined with the fact that he seems to be able to literally just try telling someone about his condition and it will kill him and I think he could manage. Plenty of people manage to be able to kill themselves. Certain ways are physically impossible such as you can't just choose to not breath and suffocate yourself but it's certainly something you can do if you try.
I guess it's a decent argument but idk. I'd say his mental state is pretty out there considering how isolated he is in understanding what he's gone through etc. I'm pretty sure the witch's scent doesn't actually get stronger each time he dies. It gets stronger when he tries to tell someone about his condition or seems to brood over it too much and not do anything to "progress". I assume when he dies it resets to whatever it was like at the point where he comes back. Pretty sure the scent gets stronger when the black hand or whatever it is that we see goes toward crushing his heart. I assume it's some manifestation of the witch's ability that would kill him if he told someone about the reset by death thing such that it resets him so nobody ever finds out. The scent comes from that activation of sorts and that's why it gets worse if he tries to tell anyone about it. Also possible that it gets worse if he doesn't do anything to "progress" toward whatever goal it is that he's meant to do as this draws monsters to him and will get him killed thus resetting him as well.
Would be insane with the ability to play 5 colors if you wanted or just run weenies and any of the mass token producing spells assuming you run some anthem affects. Would be very interesting with [[Emeria, the sky ruin]] since you'd be able to ramp up to 7 plains very easily.
I really don't like this mechanic from a gameplay design and even more from a draft design. Though if it's real I'll put my faith in Wizards to making it work somehow. The need to get both cards to make it work in limited seems poorly designed and the need to have both cards in constructed likewise seems bad. It has the feeling where if you had rare/mythic cards like this you'd feel really let down to open one but then never get the other. Imagine a kid opening a pack and getting a cool mythic or rare...but it's only half of the "card" and they never get the other half. Wizards certainly makes cards that work well together but they tend to not like making cards that can't stand on their own as well. Also it's a really lame mechanic for chaos draft or cube...just thought I'd mention that.
Agree with the point that a reset would ruin his development but at the same time it feels like he should be practically running to jump out a window multiple times this episode. And considering how "smart" he was with using the witch's scent to lure the monsters etc he seems like he'd be smart enough to abuse his power when he realizes he royally fucked things up. It's hard to really want either because on one hand the reset screws up any actual development with other characters but at the same time it feels wrong for him to not try to use it.
Not nearly as bad considering leveling up in Overwatch has very little point. You get a loot box but other than that you don't really progress in any way. It's much better having something to try to discourage constant quitting than nothing for the rare times you get DC'd. I'll take -75% experience for a few games if I get dc'd if it means I'm not playing all my matches with uneven teams as soon as one side is losing at all. If anything I think the -75% experience isn't a big enough deter ant to quitters since being down even just one person on your team is such a huge disadvantage. Not even comparable to losing out on potential hour+ of work in Trials and ruining your record and chance at getting rewards or flawless.
I don't see why it wouldn't have english subs. There's official subs from the English cinema releases. The Madoka Rebellion movie has english subs on the Japanese blu-ray release and this is also by the same studio. Do you have a source on it not having english subs?
There's an OVA later this year but that's it as far as I'm aware.
http://myanimelist.net/news/46254389 Suppose to come with the 11th novel release.
Ironically black actually has a number of answers since you control it. Ways to sacrifice your own permanents.
If "at times" is all the time I suppose.
hmm I think I'm mistaken. I thought there was an [[Angelic Purge]] style black card.
If you use the land to loot on your opponents turn it won't. Spirit goes by each turn so you are allowed to draw your card for turn and a card on your opponents turn. Your opponent doesn't get both draws however since they already drew for turn and then just have to discard.
I think worst case it's a legendary colorless land. Makes it hard to play more than 2 of them.
The ability to discard loam as well if you don't need it is pretty cool though I agree likely not that big of a deal. I don't know if the deck can really run any more colorless sources than they already do.
This is one clear card that should be an easy hit for a FNM promo. If Wizards somehow misses this one it's a clear mistake. Right up there with path and bolt promos.
Path was a player rewards promo (I think, some other promo) and a FNM promo, Bolt was a player rewards promo. I'm saying that this could be a promo right up there with path and bolt as far as high quality A+ promo that people would want.
Based on the wording of this...you can't just play it for G and not pay 2 energy and return it to hand to get an energy if you actually have 2 energy? The wording says if you can't pay 2 energy you return it, not if you don't. So if you can are you forced to pay it? Makes it slightly less broken with revolt and energy production in general but also very weird. Regardless (and especially if you can just keep bouncing it even if you can pay) it gets really strong with any of the effects that give you energy or w/e on a creature entering the battlefield.
I don't think this is better than any of the lords already in merfolk but it's interesting. It's colorless so it gets through protection (only really relevant against etched champion) and it can give you creatures a lasting effect even if it eventually dies. The fact it doesn't boost creatures that were already in play before it entered is a big negative though.
Yeah...I've sat around punching a doomed Ronin 3+ times while I lost my last bar+ of health and got executed instead more times than is remotely reasonable. This at least looks like you both got doomed and he got the execution off on you first, you just punched him while he was doing the execution animation.
I was really hoping this was somehow the kill I got as Reinheart where I perfectly timed a charge on a Mei as she stopped being a snowman.
Can you explain the relevance of the difference? Is it just that rather than being something like tap: target creature can't block it's triggered such that it works with vehicles and does not require haste since you can crew vehicles without haste? Kind of sad how well Inspired would have worked in Kaladesh with Vehicles and yet instead we got it in a block where it felt very poorly implemented. It'd work with crewing vehicles and even the name makes sense with the invention theme of Kaladesh.
When I started reading the cards I got really excited thinking we'd get a new version of [[Nihil Spellbomb]] considering how needed graveyard hate is in standard right now. But NOPE. Instead we get one or two mediocre cards and some hot garbage cards.
While this is true, the pilot turret seems way better. Set a pilot turret down in a line of sight to the AI spawn and it'll just rack up points like crazy, plus it will kill enemy players as well. Then you can run over to the other spawn if you want and be getting points from both AI spawns. The fact that the smart pistol takes multiple locks to kill the robotic AI and is limited to 24 shots really sucks, not to mention that it replaces your anti-titan weapon which tends to be very important, especially with the bounty Titans.
I mean the fact that they put out a mission that is inherently reliant on achieving X people participating since individual players are limited in their contribution doesn't help. Oh you really want to help and do all that you can? Well you can do at most 2 scans per day, have fun. Wonder Trade or egg hatching a single person can contribute far more. The first mission was an absurdly high goal and convoluted method to even participate which most new players had no idea about.
They really should have these missions be tiered rewards. Start at the 400 FC and then scale up with how far we get to the 4k at the max goal. Nintendo really doesn't understand online gameplay or implementation. The system to even know about the event let alone participate in it is so convoluted. Even if you sign up for the event and do your scans you might not get credit for them if you don't game sync after that and you aren't even told this in any way.
I don't think it helped that most of the players were building their decks blind Thursday night before the full set was officially spoiled.
Does the cosmog you pick up in game come in a cherish ball? I've yet to get it since I plan on soft resetting it and haven't had the time.
When did you try playing Symphonia? It was my first tales game and I adored it, though I admit that trying to play the anniversary version on the ps3 was miserable as the game is extremely outdated now. Amazed that the ps2 port from the gamecube, while adding content, made the game considerably worse with cutting the framerate from 60 to 30 among other things. I played Xillia and enjoyed the story and I'd like to finish Xillia 2 but the absurd debt grind garbage made me quit because it was so frustrating. I also felt like while the story was pretty decent (some great characters) in Xillia the battle system was not stellar and very unintuitive. It doesn't help that Sorey seems to follow the trend of the kind of garbage bland main characters we've had so many of since Lloyd. I'm optimistic that Velvet looks far more interesting.
I thought this was normal? Didn't they change when they announce bans now to being the week before the set releases rather than the week/Monday after?
Oh right. My mistake. Does seem a bit suspicious then. Best guess they want to prevent people buying up a new card just for it to be banned. Or they got their wires crossed with when they changed the announcement date to.
I've heard nothing but generally good things about Berseria so far aside the idiotic censoring so I'm cautiously optimistic. Many are saying it's the best Tales game since 2011 or so at least. I definitely tried to play the Symphonia HD release on ps3 and the game is extremely dated. It being a mediocre port of a bad port doesn't help though. Symphonia was actually before Namco had joined Bandai I believe, the battle system at the time was basically the infant that eventually evolved into more or less what we have today. I feel like we've just had too much changed to it constantly to make things overly complicated. I'm just sitting here debating buying the ps4 limited edition or if I want it on pc. It's hard to trust the PC port without any look at it though.
I mean I'm not saying Gitaxian probe wasn't deserving of a ban, and I'm not saying phyrexian mana isn't broken...but man Wizards HATES blue can trips. Personally I think [[become immense]] should have been banned well before Gitaxian probe was banned.
Technically it's the client to server rate that's 20hz, not the server to client I believe. This is why there are so many issues with network choke for basically everyone (despite people not being aware of it) since on source engine having a lower client rate than server rate causes issues.
Literally the one thing I want currently. I'm sick of the garbage network issues. The fact that the population (on pc) isn't huge makes them worse too as even with a good server ping it means nothing for ping in matches.
If Dredge survives and is competitive I'd assume so yes. I had someone argue with me that they'll just replace grave troll with [[golgari brownscale]] because it's good against the aggro decks but going from a dredge 6 to dredge 2 the deck just wouldn't work. It will likely work with dredge 4 but lose consistency. Add on the fact that grave troll could work as a viable win condition in certain causes where that was necessary and the deck definitely loses a decent bit of power. The question is if that's enough to totally kill the deck. The other question is what new decks could possible arise in modern with [[fatal push]] and other aether revolt cards. Is there a viable esper deck etc? We'll have to see how good dredge will be without grave troll and how it matches up against new decks. I'm curious is [[Yahenni’s Expertise]] is good enough to see any modern play. It conveniently kills all of the creatures in dredge while letting you play a 3 drop and matches up decently against most other aggro decks as well, but I don't know what deck it would fit into at the moment.
Yeah I think maindeck darkblasts are going to be pretty important, but it'll depend on if they're actually good in the format/meta. Would suck to need to run them just for the dredge 3 if they don't actually kill anything relevant. Will be interesting if esper becomes a thing and makes lingering souls more prevalent, though I wouldn't say darkblast is great against lingering souls like it is against affinity.
I really want to play the ps3 version of Vesperia...but I don't have a modded or easily modable ps3 (as far as I'm aware). Really does feel like Namco hates anyone outside Japan...which isn't actually too uncommon for publishers it seems.
I just want to know the extent of the censorship and if it's possible to remove it on PC if it's extreme. In theory they're saying this is a worldwide PC release...so maybe the PC version won't be censored like the NA ps4 release? (Yeah, trying to be optimistic with that). I'm not sure if people have already found more that's censored beyond the one opening cutscene or not, been trying to ignore the issue more than not to stop being frustrated about it. Excited we're getting a demo to see if it actually runs decently on pc at least. Does Denuvo require always-online internet connection as part of it's DRM?
Sure am glad I can't get that buying it physically...stupid ps4 theme preorder crap.
Oh, I totally get that. It's just still following the trend to a degree.
The full game hasn't been released yet though has it? I'm just worried if this is actually the only change or not. As far as it being possible to edit the scene it depends on if there's an actual Japanese release of the PC version. I don't think there is but if there was and it had the old scene it would be fairly trivial to swap it in most likely.
So is the egg seed is completely independent from the rest of the game's RNG? Can I do this and effectively as long as I remove my parents immediately after each breeding session that I'm keeping track of I can maintain tracking the seed? I gotta say...after what seemed like a pretty good run of preventing RNG manipulation for a few games they really dropped the ball with breeding on this game.
Well the PC version release date is the "worldwide" release and Steam is perfectly capable of having releases in multiple languages/regions at once. That's the only reason I mention it being possible. And while it's true that they said this was the only change...there have been countless times with other games that the same line has been said and it wasn't true when the actual game came out. I definitely believe and hope that it is true, but I'm not going to go out and bet on it or anything.
Not even a mention of Mob Psycho 100? Kind of surprised. And it wasn't even the strongest episode of the show by far. I'm so sick of trying to get people to watch it who see the animation and instantly drop it. I have a friend who watched the first 3 episodes and dropped it for not having any point/story...yet he raves about how great One Punch Man is practically because it has little to no story, I don't even know. Can't get him to watch 4/5 either despite how great the show gets.
Best bet would definitely be trying to find soft subs and just unpacking the mkv file and removing the subs. MKV is just a container that holds the video file and subs etc. You can find how to unpack it fairly easily. Assuming whatever you need it for you even need to actually fully remove the subs instead of just turning them off.
I don't think Berseria has any sort of ps4pro patch that actually benefits from the pro in any way. That said I'll probably do the same thing I did with Zesteria and get it for ps4 (partially so I can get the collectors edition) and then get it on steam later on when it's on sale for some absurdly cheap price as it always is eventually. By that point any/all mods will likely be out.
I've had this showing up as in stock on Best Buy since it was announced...weird.
Ah, you're right. Guess I'm not getting the collectors edition after all. Not horribly upset...Tales seems to have the highest priced collectors editions for pretty mediocre bonuses. Was still a tough call for me @ $120 with gamers club unlocked at Best Buy let alone full priced at $150.
I don't think it's possible with the mod tools as they are in the game currently but NL needs a mod that just straight up removes the options aside the void.
Dimension W, Sora no Method and Flip Flappers.
I think in TF1 the fact there were no gametypes without Titans as far as I remember and that you refill ammo any time you get in a Titan made it very very rare to run out of ammo. I remember using the get into titan and exit strategy to refill satchel charges all the time though.
Wat. On tone I've always had OverCore work on every core...part of why it's so broken imo. Even if I don't get a kill with my salvo core I'm starting at 30%. Unless they somehow stealth patched it. Edit: literally just went into a private match solo on bounty hunt. Killed AI to get my Titan + Core and shot my salvo core into the sky hitting nothing. Instantly back at 30% core afterwards.
Well...it could be debated since technically it's only really a God roll on specific snipers and not universally on all snipers. Though the picture is a great 1000 yard stare so yeah. And I have one...with mulligan too. I love it.
I mean...if it ain't broke and all right? Seems like they're all more or less decently successful. Better than some authors who can't manage a single series...
I hit 1997 after ranking at 1880 I think. Dropped into the elo hell of 1100-1300 now. I pretty much exclusively solo queue and my god it's like even teams that communicate 2/6 players have no idea what they're doing. I pretty much have to play support or have a team with 1 horrible support that I've had switch off support mid match multiple times like it makes any sense. Nothing like watching your Lucio switch to reaper against 3 tanks. Or the amazing symettra or zenyatta solo healer logic. The fact I can play support and win 3+ games in a row only gaining 10 or less rating a game and then lose once with 4 gold medals and lose 40+ rating is so infuriating.
You play support? I can get gold healing and objective time all day getting 10 rating a match at most all day or not even get a gold medal and gain 30+ as dps/tank. System is broken. Not to mention getting 4 gold medals and losing only to lose more rating than you win in 3+ games
Not really valid for a ditto since you can't breed for one. But for instance I have a 6IV ditto on one of the gen5 games (don't remember if it's shiny) that I got from doing rng manipulation on them.
I've payed 1 mana for it numerous times when playing storm. Sometimes you have nothing better to do on t1 or you have way more mana than you'll ever need when you're going off. Considering how aggressive modern is sometimes it's right to pay mana for it if you can.
Well...I mean Doom came in at #1. I should try Doom sometime...
Man....Amazon is really trying to piss off Prime users more and more. If not for the fact that Twitch Prime makes the Amazon Prime service effectively $40 since I was already paying $60 a year for a single Twitch sub I'd be really pissed off. Prime music is decent for me considering most I care about on it aren't music unlimited but it's still frustrating that it exists to begin with. Prime Video seems like garbage with so much of the stuff requiring purchase or separate subscriptions. My experience with actual 2day prime shipping has been incredibly hit or miss lately...which is suppose to be the main appeal of the service. Luckily they're good about complaints to this. I got an extra month added for late shipments happening and they made a not not to use USPS because it's what was causing delays supposedly. I really liked the appeal of the 20% off new game preorders and first 2 weeks of new releases...but it seems like half the time or more games go on sale to ~$50 or like 18% off before they actually release and the 20% off is off the MSRP so I'm only really saving a dollar or two.
If you actually look in your cart when you order it should have a guaranteed delivery date if you order with in X time. If you get that and it's late you can actually call or go on their chat support and complain about it. They're actually pretty good about it since it's in the fine print that you're basically entitled to something if that happens. Most people don't know this though it seems.
Voted Afterbirth+ solely for the fact that I get to see more total content since antibirth doesn't have afterbirth content and because you get to see the glorious failures of not going to the void. Antibirth honestly lost it's appeal pretty quick in video to me, might not help that NL just seems bad at it so often.
I think it's been said that they plan on changing it such that visual only mods won't prevent unlocks (so Josh's mod wouldn't) but that currently isn't changed yet. I'm hoping he figures this out (or did off-camera) so that he can actually make progress and doesn't have to be annoyed and redo things that he doesn't enjoy.
I mean...literally none of the stats from the before/after pictured here are "correct" with the +stat shown.
Oh, I totally get why it happened. I just meant pointing out one specific instance where the math added up seemed silly when none of the math from the picture added up.
I wish Seth would just make a jank deck that was all Bribery/Commendeer and other such crazy effects that don't see play but can be hilariously good at times in modern. Maybe shove it in a blood moon shell.
I've completely stopped playing the game until I hear back from EA/Respawn (EA support forwarded the issue to Respawn) about the network choke / out of snapshots issue. Ideally I hear back from them after they announce a patch where they're upping the tick rate of the game to help improve the garbage netcode issues. This should as far as I'm aware instantly resolve my issue if they could do it...
Does it not also prevent unlocks? He's trying to clear all the new content with all the characters to unlock the various items and such that were added.
Were you not around with the Wii launch? Even months after release you'd have to camp in line outside stores when they were suppose to get restocks if you wanted to get one.
Well...you've seen the general consensus on how successful The Wii U is vs the Wii. Pretty sure Nintendo (and most people) are optimistic about the Switch doing better than the Wii U.
Kind of expected 1 2 switch to be a game bundled with the system like Wii Sports, would be smart considering how successful that was. Not too excited about the talk about paid online service...unless Nintendo SERIOUSLY improves their online or it's extremely cheap compared to xbox live and ps+
XBL also includes free games every month and they have an actual functional buddy system with parties etc. Not to mention the fact that probably 80% or more of games on Xbox actually make use of the online features whereas Nintendo hasn't had nearly the same track record with games having online features at all.
They didn't say it was. They said it was launching at the same time as the Switch. Which is actually better than Arms and Splatoon 2 so far... Zelda better be a launch title or they're screwing their system over again.
&gt;Recognizes new Fire Emblem game &gt;Super hyped &gt;Can't read Japanese title &gt;"Fire Emblem Warriors" &gt;FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU, I want a new actual Fire Emblem game D:
They wouldn't have as many issues with scalpers if they actually produced a reasonable amount of product. When each store only gets 1-4 of LE of games at most what do you expect?
I mean you're not wrong. I wasn't remotely expecting a Fire Emblem at all...but upon seeing one I didn't want it to be a "Warriors" game. Not to mention they aren't even saying that almost any of these games are launch titles...seriously they're really lacking in launch titles so far.
Please...any actual launch titles? You don't just launch a console with no launch titles and expect it to not bomb.
I can hope that...but the one launch title so far was 1 2 switch. Showing off Mario, Splatoon, Xenoblade etc only to say "yeah sometime later" is really not the way to go about this. And if it's suppose to be a 1 hour event they're running low on time to announce launch titles.
I mean they finally dropped region lock....maybe another 10 years and we'll get variable voice options. Honestly our best bet for that would be them producing a single version of the game and just having the option for Japanese/English/whatever all included.
Because the Wii had the price jacked up because it included Wii Sports?
Yet Fates doesn't. And i don't think any Zelda game ever has.
That's...fair actually. idk what I was thinking.
There's a $100 version that comes with everything but the statue at least. If you get it from BB with Gamers club unlocked or Amazon with Amazon Prime that brings it down to $80 at least.
On one hand...I want this. On the other hand I got the system pre-ordered to pick up at my local Best Buy and want to be able to play the game day 1 so if I can't get it from Best Buy for store pickup as well I'll just end up getting the base game so I have it at launch. Something something Amazon Prime suppose to ship it so I get it on launch day but haha that happening.
I mean the Wii at least had a decent number. They weren't all necesarily great but you had several games at least. Zelda Twilight Princess was of course the highlight and hopefully BoTW will be here. But they had Super Monkey Ball, Excite Truck (which made a party/multiplayer game imo), Trauma Center, Call of Duty 3, Need for Speed: Carbon, Red Steel, Marvel: Ultimate Alliance, Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam, Rampage: Total Destruction and plenty of others. They weren't all amazing games but it didn't feel like you were buying the console and had basically zero 3rd party games which is currently what it feels like on the Switch.
http://www.nintendo.com/games/detail/the-legend-of-zelda-breath-of-the-wild-special-edition-switch Link to actually buy it doesn't work of course.
If they didn't have the option to buy a single Joy-Con you'd instead have people complaining when they break/lose one that they can't just buy one. They don't want a situation like that to happen (again).
Wow the prices are crazy every way you look at it. And you don't even have the option for compatibility with the Wii U pro controller or Wiimotes most likely, despite it likely being incredibly easy for them to put such compatibility into the system since it likely all just uses the same bluetooth.
See...I'd like to feel this way but I have 0 faith in Nintendo to actually improve the infrastructure even if they start charging for it. Hell Sony promised improving their infrastructure and quality of the online service when they switched from free to paid online service and it never really happened. We got free games that started out pretty good but have got worse and worse as time goes on. The actual quality of the service (lack of outages, fixes to issues that make it actually nonfunctional when you can't connect to people etc randomly) hasn't improved at all. AND they just increased the price of the service again from $50 a year to $60. And then you consider you're at least getting free games (regardless of how good/bad they are) and Nintendo is incredibly unlikely to do that. Nintendo would need to seriously improve the online functionality for it to be worth the price. They have miles to go for it to be up to the bar of Sony's service from before it was paid even. Then the fact that most games likely won't even make use of the service as they'll be single player or only multiplayer in the same room and you have to consider why you should pay for a service for only a small % of the games that make use of it.
How many games on Xbox make use of Xbox live? Like 80% of them or more? I suspect we'll be lucky to get even 25% of Switch games supporting online play. The system is a home/portable hybrid and yet how are you going to even connect online if you aren't at home (you can use a phone as a wifi hotspot but there are even more cost issues with that)? You think developers wanting to make their game viable for home and portable play are going to spend tons of time worried about online functionality when their audience won't be connected to the internet a huge percent of the time? Then consider that Xbox live has actual functional friends/party/chat system which Nintendo has been notoriously garbage at and haven't given us any reason to trust they've learned from or will improve. Oh and you get free games every month with Xbox Gold or Playstation Plus (not always amazing games but every now and then you get decent games). Even then I dropped ply Xbox Gold because I didn't play any actual games on it enough to warrant it even with the free games. Nintendo could easily have great free monthly games with their catalog of Virtual console games but I highly suspect they won't actually do that. Not to mention the fact that Nintendo's online system has been dodgy at best in the past. The fact they aren't even shipping the system with an ethernet port (again) shows how little concern they have with making the system have reliable/fast internet capabilities.
My issue is that Nintendo said we'll have to pay for the online service. They didn't say this meant they'd actually have ANY of the features that Xbox Live/Gold or Playstation Plus has. They could be just making us pay for effectively the same garbage online service we have now with friend codes etc.
PSN on ps4 would still be inferior to Xbox Live if not for Microsoft literally making Xbox Live worse on the Xbox One. PSN hasn't improved really, the competition has just got worse for them. Microsoft saw that they didn't really need to keep the bar so high and people would still keep paying.
People don't seem to understand the real issue here. We've seen zero evidence that Nintendo will actually or plans to improve the online service. We could very well just end up being told we need to pay for the same service we have right now for free. Sure in an ideal world we'd get actual reasonable online service akin to Xbox Live and PSN with friends/buddy lists, chat, messaging, parties etc but Nintendo has made ZERO indication that this is the case. Thinking that just because it's paid means that's automatically a given is wishful thinking. This could very easily be the case of higher ups looking at Xbox Gold and PS+ and seeing all the money they're missing out on and thinking it's an easy/quick cash grab to charge for online services on the Switch without having to actually change/improve things.
It'd be really nice if there was some easy way you could see what volumes have had multiple editions or reprints etc.
Interesting. It seems Verizon's new plans (not unlimited) will have tethering included but if you have an old plan they don't have to change it. However they can no longer prevent Google from having 3rd party apps that allow you to tether without paying for the Verizon subscription service. BUT it somehow excludes unlimited data plans...? Though I hear Verizon is trying to force anyone with unlimited data plans out of them anyway so...yeah D: https://www.cnet.com/news/what-verizons-fcc-tethering-settlement-means-to-you-faq/
Nintendo: how to fuck yourself over every step of the way through the world of online gaming! It's likely a bad sign for Nintendo when everyone I've mentioned the "new Nintendo console" to hadn't even heard that one existed. Literally the worst marketing team. I'm afraid this is going to be the Wii U all over again where tons of people don't even know it exists. You know what happened with the Wii? EVERYONE knew about the Wii and what it was and how everyone wanted one.
Fix your damn tick rate which should fix (at least some) of your damn garbage network issues. Literally all I care about before anything else. Why would I care about your new gametypes and maps when the network issues make the game miserable to play regardless?
The hz of the monitor (60hz) is the refresh rate of the monitor. This is how often it refreshes the pixels/display. You don't vary this when you're playing a game, it's dependent on the hardware of your monitor. The framerate of a game is how many frames per second the game is outputting. You want the framerate to be a multiple of the refresh rate because otherwise it just gets weird. If you're playing at 30fps on a 60hz monitor that means that your screen is refreshing twice each frame. Each frame is displayed for 2 refreshes. If you have 45 frames per second but are refreshing 60 times per second you're having some frames displayed for 2 refreshes and others for 1 refresh. This ends up looking really bad.
What monitor do you have that does this? No as far as I'm aware it is extremely uncommon. Most I've seen is some monitors that support 59 or 60hz and some 120hz that can also support 60hz.
Did they have actual prerelease packs or did they just give you packs from Aether Revolt and Kaladesh? It's possible that they used their product from the release to host a prerelease if they aren't at a level that they can receive prerelease product. If they had the actual correct packages however they would definitely have received prize support product too. Not to mention if they didn't I don't think they're actually allowed to host their own prerelease like that even if that were the case. Small wonder if they aren't a higher level store if they run such bad events though...
Felt like the rares were very good from AER but the quality of most commons/uncommons was much higher from KLD such that a lot of the varied power in decks came from what commons/uncommons you got in your 2 KLD packs.
I've already preordered a switch and am going to get Zelda day 1. But I will readily admit that I'm a diehard Nintendo fan and I've had a Wii U sit around like a paperweight for a long time and even then I didn't buy it for well over a year after it launched. I've budgeted and set aside the money to do so and have accepted that it could fail and I could be stuck with another console I might not play and that's a risk I'm alright with taking. I think the important thing about Zelda that is worth warning people is how hyped everyone is getting over it and Nintendo making claims about how unique/open world etc that it is. We've seen with games like Destiny and No Man's Sky where games have promised a ton and not really delivered on what people were expecting. Nintendo is making the game out to be extremely ambitious compared to previous Zelda titles and Nintendo fans haven't really had a taste of that sort of false promise like many others have. I would agree with telling people to not get excited thinking the new Zelda is going to be "Zelda: Skyrim edition" or something basically. As someone who just wants it as a Zelda game and isn't counting on it being something crazy beyond that I'm pretty comfortable in that position. "Bad" Zelda games are very rare but usually people don't get so hyped up with expecting too much from them either. It's also not totally unfair to be skeptical about Nintendo in general lately...and a lot of people are getting way too optimistic about things before getting a chance to see things. People are going crazy over alleged 3rd party support being much better for the Switch but we really need to wait and see if it comes through in the end for example.
Just wanted to note that about your last point...they've kept being innovative and people would rather have boring/predictable. People want a new Metroid game that could just literally be Metroid Prime 4 for all intensive purposes. People didn't want whatever Metroid Federation Force was, even though that was them trying to be innovative andn do something new. All of those new "gimmick" consoles were them trying to innovate, and it worked out amazingly for them profits wise with the Wii. People however just want them to put out a powerful enough basic home console to compete with Microsoft/Sony in the same sort of basic traditional games.
That's not innovation, that's just modernization. Innovation is when you come up with something new. You just mean getting up on par with the standard of other companies. Nintendo has always been the one to "Innovate" like they did with having the gameboy (getting into handhelds at all), the virtual boy (VR well before it's time...very poorly. Failed) the DS with 2 screens, the Wii with motion controls, 3DS with 3D, Wii U with the gamepad (which failed)
Actually I realized I was totally misremembering. I believe you go one at a time and both note down the cards as one person opens them then you do it for the other person. Regardless you have a second set of eyes watching you open the cards so it's hard to just slip cards in.
You replied to a month old post which already had a response telling me the same thing? And you still take a ton of damage if you aren't in the sword core since it only mitigates the damage, granted it won't kill you unless you're very low health. I stand by the fact that it's borderline OP and very unintuitive that it creates a 360 degree block.
I guess it's nice that there's SOME use for the y3 icebreaker. I was happy to get it the second week after the update...but I couldn't for the life of me find any reason I'd want to use it. Snipers are mediocre at best in PvP...which I can't be bothered to play anymore regardless. It doesn't really fill any good roll in PvE as you have the Gjallarhorn, great legendary snipers (god roll 1000y stare here and the raid sniper), and exotic swords. The raid is focused on fast DPS where the Ice Breaker is just horrible, not to mention it isn't even max impact. All that getting the Ice Breaker did for me was make it so I don't care at all about doing the nightfall anymore once again and fill in a checkbox on having all the exotic weapons. I don't see why everyone is/was losing their minds over getting it. It's purely a nostalgia weapon and doesn't have some huge role to fill like it did in y1 where 100% of every strike and raid was largely about camping in one spot and unloading sniper rounds for 5+ minutes.
Honestly, I hadn't watched the parental controls video as it's absolutely meaningless to me. Most of the features look like they aren't active while playing (restrict what game ratings can be played etc). Only the time limit timer and such really seem to be active while playing a game. This likely is just part of the "menu" interface like where you can pause and look at the wii menu. There's likely some backend OS on the system (as there is on Wii/Wii U/3ds) but my point was more that it can't run any real apps while playing a game, similar to how you have to close a 3ds game/app before you are able to open anything else aside the menu and options like brightness etc. Running a simple timer and sending a notification to a phone app is likely much less intensive than a whole online network with friends/messaging/voice chat. I'm really curious how the heck the parental controls features such as the ability to force the device into sleep mode are going to work when you can just have the device offline or in airplane mode such that it wouldn't be able to communicate with the phone app.
I like how Reggie recently said that Nintendo is reading all the message boards and websites and stuff and paying attention to what the fans want. Literally nobody would have ever suggested that they make a smartphone app as their chat interface solution. Literally the dumbest decision Nintendo has made (that we know of) with the Switch, being followed closely with the 1-month only free games with the paid online subscription model.
If you mean sudden death as in single elimination you lose you're out that's quite odd. I'm suspecting that a lot of LGS ran events weird because of the Wizard's Event Reporter (WER) having issues and not working for a while this afternoon (at least). Some stores might not know how to handle running an event on paper (or excel) without the reporter and doing pairings/tiebreakers etc, especially if they don't have an actual judge (who should be able to do pairings on paper if they need to). I know more store was lucky in that the prerelease format/payout is just 4 rounds swiss with prizes based on record (2-2, 3-1, 4-0 etc) so they didn't have to worry about tiebreakers and just had to worry about pairing rounds by points (3 per round win).
My god I wish I could go to your LGS, that sounds amazing. What sort of numbers do you get at your store for events? I assume if they can fire 5 events they must get decent numbers.
I was excited to play it but my god I didn't realize how good [[Dovin Baan]] is in limited. I gained so much life both directly (with card draw) and by shrinking opponents creatures. [[Multiform wonder]] did an impressive amount of work considering I had 0 other cards that created energy aside from bounce shenanigans. Interesting for as good as it reads [[Walking Ballista]] was solid every time I played it...but never actually did anything amazing. Partially just didn't draw it when it would have been great or didn't have the mana to make it good. Cards that were brutal to play against of note were [[Lifecrafter's Bestiary]] as an amazing card advantage engine and [[Aethertide Whale]] as a huge beater that was absolutely stone unbeatable since there was no way to interact with it at all.
Them coming in a box and having a promo. Otherwise it'd just be 6 packs (however that's split up? 4 AER and 2 KLD I think still?)
How did you use a gift card with the order? If I select Visa Checkout I'm never given the page to enter promo codes or gift cards.
Unless you're 100% sure that your area still has the special edition available do NOT try to cancel it and order it again. I wanted to do the same as it shows up as available to pre-order but isn't available for store pickup within 250 miles of me and isn't available for shipping...sucks.
They occasionally do the $10 pre-order bonuses (they say they're coming back anyway...we'll see) but it's also good on all games instead of just new games. It also is on top of sales whereas Amazon Prime will only be off the full price MSRP even if it goes on sale before release or within 2 weeks after release. You also get 10% off used games if you ever buy any, 2x points on game purchases (gets you rewards certificates slightly faster). $30 for 2 years with all that isn't too bad since you're likely going to get a few games when they're already on sale and it can be some serious value when they do buy 2 get 1 free sales. If you only buy new releases and always pre-order them or buy them right when they launch it might not be worth it though.
Good thing that is also all sold out.
I was able to go on Best Buy's website and order one after the presentation...that was just a while after midnight Thursday night. They still had them most of Friday, though they ran out of the red/blue ones sooner. Working a retail job doesn't mean you don't have access to the internet and can't order them online. Store pickup is always a thing when you order online and I'm sure you weren't working 48 hours straight. Hell you could even order on a phone during a break if you had to. If you don't know if you want to drop the money for the new system that's your choice but it's not like you shouldn't have expected them to sell out fast. I'm actually surprised how long they lasted. People had to camp outside for MONTHS at stores on days with scheduled restocks when the Wii first came out. It wasn't until probably 5-6+ months that it was easy to get a hold of one. Then ever since then Nintendo has just been worse and worse with supply issues. If you were debating wanting one or not you should have pre-ordered ASAP and you could cancel any time before release if you changed your mind.
The real issue with the micros-sd cards as expandable memory (and the game carts being basically a modified micro-sd card format) is that the format is VERY slow. Even the highest end micro-sd cards (which cost a lot more than your $40 for a 128gb or $65 for a 200GB) are barely on par with HDD read/write speeds. This was never an issue when you're playing the 3DS (unless you have a really garbage microsd card) but if Nintendo wants to push bigger games and 3rd party games it's going to be a big problem. You're going to have incredibly slow load times. Then there's the fact that microsd cards are NOT meant for intensive read/write use and using them as such (playing games off them a ton) will kill them fast and you REALLY don't want to just up and lose all of your save data do you? Consoles (Xbox One S) are starting to come with hybrid drives to combat the slow loading time and you can easily upgrade the ps4 and xbox one to use a true solid state drive to get considerable improvements with load times. A solid state drive will typically at worst have 5x the speed of a HDD and at most...well I have a SSD in my pc with a 3200 MB/s read, 1900 MB/s write compared to the highest end microSDXC cards (~$40+ for 32GB) where you only hit 95 MB/s max speeds. I REALLY am not looking forward to games where every loading screen is 2+ minutes. If the actual switch itself is coming with a 32GB SSD inside it that's even worse. You're talking about the actual on board memory being at LEAST 5x faster than any expandable memory that we could get to add onto it. So be forcing us to put games on our own added memory we'll have a much much worse experience. And players who don't get physical games are going to get absolutely murdered. A typical 3rd party game is easily 20-40GB+ (Fifa 17 32-44GB, CoD Infinite Warfare is 44-54GB). You're talking games where you literally won't be able to install a single game on the built in memory of the console. And if the cartridges truly are a variant of microSD card technology do you honestly thing that 3rd party developers are going to be selling the equivalent of a game on a $40+ memory card? We'll probably be lucky to get cartridges that are glorified shop links that download the digital copy and require us to have memory space for them. IF we actually expect to get 3rd party games that are equal ports of Xbox One / PS4 game they're going to absolutely require us to download the game and not actually run off the cartridge.
The issue is even the best microSD cards are at best 5x slower than pretty much the worst SSDs. The BEST microSD card are barely on par with 5400 rpm HDDs. Load times will be abysmal. Also the carts themselves are said to basically be modified microSD cards. Do you think developers are going to want to shell out the money to put every copy of a game on an expensive (especially higher quality) microSD card? DVDs and Blu Rays are DIRT cheap to produce and hold huge capacities. I can almost guarantee that we'll see any decent sized game (which if we expect/want 3rd party "ports" cross-platform they have big file sizes) will force you to download most all of the content rather than having it on the cartridge. If a good 32GB microSD card costs ~$40 there is no possible way that a publisher could sell a cartridge large enough to hold a ~20+ GB game and even remotely profit on it, even accounting for the actual price of the microSD for the manufacturer (which they won't get them that cheap). It's also a HUGE sunk cost on any game that doesn't sell. If you spent pennies on a disc and it doesn't sell it's not a big deal but when you get into even only a few dollars per cartridge it's huge.
And it's at minimum 5x faster than even the highest quality possible microSD cards. If you go with a cheap microSD card you're going to have HORRIBLE loading times for anything at all. Even with the best microSD cards (~$40 for 32gb) you're going to have much slower speeds than the internal memory of the system (if it's truly even SSD NAND speed). microSD cards are NOT meant for gaming, they aren't even meant for any application where you're doing frequent read/write which gaming most definitely falls under. You're going to have slow speeds and kill the microSD much faster than it's intended. Anyone who tries to go cheap and buy an inexpensive memory card is going to suffer horribly.
The real issue is that the cartridges are going to be orders of magnitude more expensive than DVDs or Blu rays for the publishers. If you're game is 10GB+ let alone 20,30,40+ like many major titles are there is no way we're going to get cartridges that are big enough for that. I fully expect that any games of that sort are going to require most of the content to be downloaded and not fully contained on the cartridge. Even if you want to go physical and not worry about expandable memory or a digital library you're going to be forced to. The alternative is that we don't actually get any decent 3rd party games. I can't imagine Skyrim is going to come all on a cartridge, it's ~20 GB on consoles (remastered)...and that's a 5+ year old game.
The BEST microSD cards are literally almost exactly the same read speeds as a 5400 RPM HDD. Your best speed you get out of a microSD card is going to be ~95 MB/s. Read speed of a 5400 RPM HDD is 50-150 MB/s, depending on the size of the drive as larger drives take longer to read. Again though this is the BEST microSD cards...which are ~$40 for 32GB, $100 for 128GB. If you just go get the cheapest biggest microSD card you find (a normal person likely won't know a thing about them and will just go for the best $/GB ratio) you're going to have MUCH slower speeds as well. The 3ds came with either a class 4 or class 10 (I forget since I replaced it) microSD card and those you're looking at 4MB/s or 10MB/s speeds instead. Class 4 is still extremely common to find if you're just in a Best Buy or such looking to buy a card to put in the system without any knowledge of it. That's 5x slower than the worst speeds on a 5400 RPM HDD. If the internal memory of the system uses NAND similar to a SSD it's likely at minimum 5x the speed of the best microSD cards available. A1 standard boosting to "near-SSD levels" is still hardly saying anything since it's not released yet ant top of the line SSDs are making standard SSDs look like a joke at over 6x their speed. MicroSD cards are also NOT meant for frequent/constant read/write and using them for such a purpose will kill them much much faster than their expected lifespan, which is already not amazing.
And by "decent" you mean top of the line ~$40 for 32GB (might not even be big enough for a single big game). A parent or kid buying a micro sd card in a store without knowing anything about them is going to end up with something like a class 10 card that only reads at 10 MB/s max. Not to mention a TON of people upgrade their ps4/xbox one with a hybrid or SSD since they make it possible to do so. Even then games frequently will have 30s+ load times, with drives that have 500-550 MB/s read speeds.
Smokestack you still need to get back around to your own turn to put a counter on it and begin the sacrificing. You give everyone a chance to do something on their turn to try to combat it when they know it's coming. Moreso the issue with Braids is the fact that you ALWAYS have access to it right away at the start of matches. I could see it banned as only the commander and legal in the 99 but black does have a lot of tutor effects so dunno.
Respawn (the Titanfall 2 devs) ran a "beta" but it was really meant to be a stress test. It wasn't meant as a pure beta to try out the game. They got a LOT of negative feedback about the mechanics as they had basically removed a lot of the fast paced mechanics and features from the first game and made it much more similar to CoD like shooters. They basically adjusted all of this in the short period between that test and release and the game plays almost nothing like the beta in it's official released state. The game has got a lot of critical acclaim but the sales have been pretty miserable, granted they've got better since release as it's got such positive attention. EA really kind of doomed the sales from the start by deciding to release it in the short period between Battlefield One and CoD Infinite Warfare. It was a marketting tactic to hurt CoD while basically throwing their own game under the bus. Or at least I (most people) hope it was because otherwise it means they have a completely incompetent marketing staff.
I mean...to be fair almost NO mainstream big title games run at steady 60fps at 1080p. Even games on the ps4 pro and xbox one S the companies are pushing better looking graphics at the cost of actual performance. I'd much prefer a stable 60fps than amazing looking 1080p or 4k. A few shooters recently have hit stable 60fps but it's really not at all common. Almost every game coming out anymore has tons of topics about how they have framerate drops and performance issues. The Last Guardan looks amazing and is very atmospheric...and struggles to hit 30fps at 1080p on the PS4 pro, constantly dipping below that. The only place 60+ fps at high resolution is "standard" in gaming is on PC honestly. Some games are getting decent support by having a 1080p mode on the ps4 pro that will support 60fps but even then it's not always stable and the system is marketed for it's 4k not for 60fps 1080p. A TON of games on the Xbox One (not sure about ps4) run below 1080p and are then up-scaled to 1080p to attempt to run at 60fps. Honestly I'm thrilled to hear that Nintendo is supposedly planning on focusing on stable FPS and performance rather than absolute best cutting edge looking graphics. Quantum Break for example was suppose to be a big console exclusive for the Xbox One and it may look gorgeous but it runs at 720p and 30fps on the Xbox One, and that 30fps isn't even consistently stable either. Even Halo 5 uses variable resolution to maintain 60fps, meaning that if things get too intense for the system to handle rendering it at 1080p the game gets the resolution lowered on the fly to keep a stable 60fps.
If you've seen the pictures of the Switch/Wii U comparison the Wii U version has noticeably much poorer render distance and texture detail at distance especially. It's certainly possible that the game could run at a high resolution but with lower texture detail, render distance etc on the Wii U to match the frame rate of the Switch with those features enhanced there.
...Can you do a series where you narrate Nl's videos while they're muted and then you can playback the actual video with both voices over top of each other? I guess the hard part is knowing when the cats are going to interrupt and when he'll begin his random tangent or rant about X during the run.
I'm saying that it's possible that with optimization that could get the actual final build of the game to 60fps on the switch (assuming this is possible, not saying it is true or is likely) it's possible that such a build could run at 60fps on the Wii U with the lower visual settings that the Wii U version has as well. Just because it's stated that the game runs at the same fps on both consoles doesn't mean it's not possible it's 60fps. The Wii U certainly is capable of running games at 60fps, they just won't look as good as the same game running on the Switch. In theory you could make a game and have it look very similar on the Wii U and Switch and simply run at 60fps on the Switch and 30fps on the Wii U but that doesn't mean you can't run the same fps on both and just look much worse on the Wii U.
Nope, only ps4. There's no physical PC version.
While this is true, you can have someone get Braids out turn 1 or 2 when half the table has 0 or 1 lands in play and thus you'll never have a chance to do anything. Not every color/deck can play 1 mana spot removal.
Can we please get the last 2 DLC chapters from Fire Emblem Fates while Nintendo is pretending to care about FE fans again?
That would only happen if you are the very first player to go as otherwise you have to let it go around the table before you can put any counters on it. The point there is also that Smokestack isn't your commander and thus isn't guaranteed to be in their opening hand and can't be played over and over again even if it's killed. The fact that Braids effect starts immediately AND at the same time she's a clock that can kill all of your opponents without you playing anything else is much stronger. You can just build the deck around fast mana to get braids out turn 1/2 as many games as possible whereas you can't do the same with smokestack. I personally think they should leave Braids as an option in the 99 and only leave her banned as commander.
While true, it's the first cast that's the issue usually and there's no way for them to adjust the ban list in such that you can't cast her that first time at her base cost.
It doesn't even work as a reliable blocker though because you only get the token if a creature died during your own turn. You can block on an opponents turn and sacrifice a token to scry but then you don't get the token back.
[[Aethertide Whale]] is somehow even more broken than it initially reads as. It's virtually unstoppable and I got to combine it with [[Spontaneous Artist]] for haste a number of times. The fact you can even give it pseudo vigilance if you have nothing better to do is nuts. It crushed me in one event and was a house when I had it in another. The one time I had it die was empty handed facing down a [[Herald of Anguish]] in which it still ended up trading with him since they had no artifacts in play.
Same. I didn't even end up playing it. I felt it would be good as it basically gives all your creatures vigilance...but at the same time doing nothing at 5mana just wasn't enough when I was needing to cut cards. Still not going to complain about picking up a foil one for if it eventually gets broken or is just an EDH card.
It would have both abilities but you can only use one or the other when you activate it. Giving it the new draw a card ability doesn't make it lose the other.
Yeah...couple days after all the discussion it's confirmed to not be the case. Pretty damning to Nintendo that their reps kept saying it was 1080p60fps. This is a huge blow to the apparent power of the console. I was skeptical that it was true but it seems very odd that their reps would keep saying the 1080p60fps if it wasn't true at all.
As much as I want a physical release...I'm honestly perfectly happy if this isn't the case. Not having a limited edition that I'd have to worry over would be nice for once. It'd also mean it's theoretically possible that if they port it to the Switch you'd be able to transfer your title to it. I doubt they'll ever actually do that but it's a chance.
I'm assuming he's talking about Puzzle and Dragons
I saw that after I posted. Extremely reasonable considering the usual difference in releases between Japan and everywhere else. I'll take ~ a month rather than a year or more any day.
Part of me knows this is true (especially since they mentioned seasonal events) but part of me hopes that in their attempts to anger as few people as possible they make everything possible through f2p grinding.
They have the capability, doesn't mean they have any plans to actually do so.
The difference is that while we've only seen a tiny bit of gameplay footage it's literally identical to Hyrule Warriors. Dynasty Warriors isn't exactly known for having a huge variety of varied gameplay. ORAS and XY are both pokemon at it's core but they have entirely different story/pokemon/worlds etc. A lot of the "warriors" game is largely button mashing nameless minions while in largely open and blank backgrounds. It's very easy to just put in new character models and backgrounds using the same exact engine with minimal work. Once the work is already done to port the game to the 3DS engine it's likely very minimal to adjust it for another title. Pokemon you have to have the story, all the NPCs, new items, pokemon (Mega's in this case) etc. We'll see as we get more details on how in depth the game is.
I wonder how they're going to handle the mod aspect of Afterbirth +. Will there be any way to import mods to the Switch version? Will it get the "monthly content drops" of popular mods?
I'm not so sure. Normally we'd have listings up online by now after the direct. Or word about any sort of limited edition etc. They very clearly showed off the Amiibo but didn't show the box art in the direct either. The box art also has the Rating Pending on it and could easily be concept artwork for box art and not official box art that's going to be used. I'd also be a nice bonus if it was eShop only and we eventually got a way to transfer eShop games to the Switch. It'd be a reason to push new games to digital only if that's possible. That said I highly doubt that as the game will be built around the 2 screens as all the other DS Fire Emblem games. It's much more likely the game is on the 3DS as it was already in development on some level and reusing the same engine as Awakening/Fates with slight modifications was infinitely easier and quicker than making a new engine for the Switch.
I'm hoping the revival of the series in Anime is a sign that they plan to animate the rest of the novels completely. I mean I can hope right?
What, Skyrim could easily get up into multiple GB saves on PC. Granted this was because of the way it didn't actually delete your old save when it wrote your new save...and because you were dealing with potentially millions of item positions saved all across the world.
I expect we'll more see the cost passed on to the consumer in the form of games requiring additional downloads for most 3rd party games. Why pay for and ship a 20GB+ game on a cart when you can instead have a 2GB or less base that just downloads the rest of the data onto an microSD card the consumer has to buy.
If we can't keep characters/items in some way they're gonna need one hell of an ass pull explanation since they sold the entire franchise as a game where we'd get to keep our characters and "become legend" or whatever throughout the 10 year journey. With all the shit they've been doing wrong and not fixing that'd be the final nail in the coffin for quite a lot of people. I'm just sitting here waiting for them to actually announce that along with Destiny 2 not having dedicated servers (sticking with garbage p2p we have now) and not even moving up to 60fps (Bungie has a giant boner for 30fps).
Usually it's only ever a licensing issue if there's actual songs sung in X language on the cart. Also it likely wouldn't be an issue for an official Nintendo game since they'd probably own the rights to whatever song regardless. Actual voice acting I don't believe is ever an issue with licensing/contracts, at least I've never heard of it being one,
Some people (myself included) find the Japanese voice actors/actresses to do a much better job of delivering the dialogue emotion etc. A dubbed games suffer from sub par English voice actors/actresses. You end up with very unnatural and poor delivery instead.
This is disappointing but expected. The only real surprising part is that all of the data seems to be on the carts and they just aren't giving us access to it. Granted they might not have any sort of subtitles available, they clearly have a translation regardless (and most games with any dialogue come with subtitle options these days).
The issue is they'd have to make the framerate stable. The games has some unfortunate issues with framerates on all the entries...and a tendency to tie game mechanics to framerate such that it can actually cause major issues. That said it'd be sweet.
Well...according to Nintendo we're getting a real online system to compete with Xbox Live and PS+. So you can probably put your save on your microSD card and then turn the system off and put the microSD on your phone and use the phone app to upload/download the new daily/leaderboard data, then transfer it back to the Switch. Ok but seriously...probably the same as on other consoles...hopefully...assuming Nintendo doesn't just fuck everything up again.
Can I ask if any of these changes (or changes in the upcoming patch following this) are going to do anything to address the network choke issues? Myself and many others (on pc at least) have had issues since launch and EA support couldn't help at all, found they had the same exact issues on their end on their own machines and supposedly forwarded the issue to your team...haven't heard a thing since then.
If you can cast it for more than X=2 it prevents Saheeli from coming and instantly comboing and you can keep it around to keep adding counters to it and leave it as a threat to kill other targets.
I wouldn't even be surprised if they just had a script and never heard the lines. English was likely the second one recorded and it easily could have been both recorded at similar times as they likely had the dialogue done and translated before recording since this isn't a game with an earlier Japan release. I do question how they thought the English VA job was acceptable but they probably just don't actually care much at all. Still just one more example of Nintendo being behind the times and out of touch with fans. It's not even something that would require almost any extra work. Hopefully they get enough feedback wanting multi audio that they add it via a patch considering it should be incredibly easy if the audio is already there.
I mean...technically you could use a number of other grenades but it was harder. You could do it with void grenades and lightning grenades (though I don't know if you could do it solo with lightning grenades) and nova bomb.
I mean...depends on when you started, not to mention tons of people never even do the raids...for some reason or another.
Same here at first. Though to be fair 2 manning Atheon by pushing him off these days is actually pretty impressive since they "fixed" him.
Well...I mean you could have cheesed Crota. It was certainly a unique experience trying to dance around a pillar with Atheon trying to make him fall of the ledge.
It's amazing when he is convinced this strat works...because he ends up getting stupidly lucky and getting enough keys to open all the item rooms anyway. The items he gets there are typically some of his best if not best items...but of course he got them by not buying keys...or whatever. Like nobody is telling you to buy all the keys on the first floor and not wait to see if you get some as drops first but wow.
Ok so if we had to pick the 3 best uncommons from Aether Revolt to be promos what would they be? Obviously #1 is [[Fatal Push]] Other candidates I'd say are [[Winding Constrictor]] and [[Felidar Guardian]] based solely on current play in decks. I'd consider [[Trophy Mage]] but it's already a game day promo so we can ignore that. Other candidates I'd say are [[Hungry Flames]] as the obligatory burn spell, [[Hidden Stockpile]] as an interesting value card, [[Narnam Renegade]] and [[Renegade Rallier]] as two others that I expect to see decent play potentially even becoming modern staples.
[[Anger of the Gods]] is one of my favorite pieces you've done and sees some modern play at least! [[Mizzium Mortars]] was pretty good in standard and sees a decent amount of cube play at least. Always have the lands at least! I'm still pretty upset that we'll never get a legit printing of your [[Moat]] art from MTGO though because it's amazing.
You mean single elimination? Cause that was the only option aside league...
Yes, but for people that like to play swiss it sucked. I play swiss on cube to actually get to play my deck even if I get stomped first round. Especially in powered cube where you can just lose turn 1/2 to a god draw and have no chance. But playing in leagues it doesn't feel like actual cube and it's stupid. I don't play cube for mirror matches etc, it's just now how cube is suppose to work and feels idiotic.
I'm not sure if you can "before" the trigger but you should be able to crew in response to the trigger regardless.
I'm surprised how low [[Aethertide whale]] is. It's basically unkillable in almost every situation and is a pretty fast clock.
It depends on how big games are honestly. Zelda is supposedly ~13 GB but if we get any serious 3rd party games you can easily get games in the 30-40GB+ range. Not to mention the fact that any DLC will also factor in there if you care about it.
If you're alright with the fact that you're going to be spending more than others for a microSD card on top of the games digitally and lack of sales you shouldn't have an issue. Just MAKE SURE you buy a good quality microSD card, not the cheapest one you can find. I'd also suggest testing it on your computer first to check that it actually performs at the speeds it's suppose to perform at, there's a lot of counterfeit cards for sale even on legit sites like Amazon that are cheap Chinese knock-offs that might look legit but do not perform up to standards.
The dock does sure, but a big part of the console is the portable aspect. There's no port to plug the adapter in when you're using it on the stand or otherwise unless you got some crazy adapter to plug it into the usb-c port...which is also on the bottom of the system such that you can have it standing up on the edge while using it. Not to mention it seems they're not making it compatible with wii remotes or the wii u classic controller despite them being bluetooth and thus easily compatible if they chose to allow it. It's a lot easier to sell $70+ controllers when people don't have the option to use ones they already own and have owned for years. There's no good reason I shouldn't be able to just connect my Wii U classic controller instead of spending a fortune on a new Switch classic controller. Hopefully if/when the system gets hacked people will be able to enable older controller support easily enough.
I can see the logic that he thinks the format will be too fast for it to be good but the format feels like it slowed down considerably with AER and blue got a lot of new tools to help slow it down to play toward the longer game. Only having a single pack of KLD really cuts down on the aggro cards, not to say you can't have aggressive decks still.
I cast an [[grim tutor]] while at 3 life thinking it was just a more expensive [[demonic tutor]]. Was playing storm and I'm pretty sure I had the win regardless another way but wasn't paying attention to my own life total... Attacked for whatever damage putting my opponent to 1 life while they had like 7 cards in hand and my creature had a [[Sword of war and peace]]. This was on magic online and instead of killing them I ended up clicking too fast and redirecting the damage from the sword to a planeswalker instead. Proceeded to lose. Most tilting thing I think I've ever done by far, especially considering it'd never happen in paper. Not 100% sure this actually happened exactly as this is going by my friend telling me after the match but I had him down to 5 life and was sitting on like 10-12+ mana against a now lethal board on his side and nothing on my side, no cards in hand. Top decked a [[Walking Ballista]], flipping it over directly onto the battlefield as I didn't think I had any outs. Looked at the board and knew I didn't have enough counters to block/kill his creatures and survive another turn. This was game 2 after I won game 1 and I won game 3 but I felt really dumb after he pointed it out. Could have just cast it and thrown the damage at his face. This was in sealed on release I believe so none of us were totally familiar with the cards.
Xantid Swarm is really good in combo decks that need the silence effect against control decks to go off. The fact that there's no Xantid Swarm for modern is relevant there if we ever get a real combo deck that wants that effect. The fact it's hitting for 1 point of damage a turn until you use it doesn't hurt either because sometimes that will save you 1-2 storm needed to win in the right situation. The other big thing is that because the effect lasts until your next turn you can play it AGAINST combo decks. All of a sudden you don't have to worry about your storm opponent comboing you out next turn because they can't cast noncreature spells. If you can make a deck with any reliable way to recur it from the graveyard it can totally lock them out of the game even if they can't kill it on your turn at some point.
Adding [[Renegade Rallier]] and potentially [[Reveillark]] certainly seems interesting. I'd probably throw in a single [[Restoration Angel]] at least and [[Dryad Arbor]] as a way to start a chain off a fetchland if you had no cheap creatures.
I really wish Seth would practice/learn to mulligan better (not necessarily evident in these videos but it seems like a common issue in many of his videos) as well as maybe sideboard better. I feel like a lot of games he's lost before they begun at times. I also really wish he did these in a league rather than just 1v1s so that he'd actually be playing them against more common decks than what he often runs into in the 1v1s. Granted I know this might ruin some of the spirit of the videos.
I didn't mean chain so much as with the single evolution and using it repeatedly but rather always having a creature to let you get another creature and not having any dead spots.
I mean to be fair most people don't NEED a lan adapter or pro controller. Additional joycons aren't really an argument since pretty much every console in any recent history only launches with a single controller and the system even has the mode to use the 1 set of joycons separately for 2 players. If you bought an xbox one at launch you didn't get a second controller with it and similarly you aren't playing multiplayer with a single 3ds. The lack of microSD card and the fact that to get good performance you'll need an actual quality microSD card is a real issue. As is the paid online but at least that will supposedly be free so we can see if they actually improve it at all before they expect us to pay for it.
I guess, but either way you're not killing her on the next turn with that strategy and if she draws any spell she can cast OR a land to cast a spell in hand assuming she has any stranded you're dead regardless of what you can/can't block the following turn. You have to rely on her not having any spells this turn and the next turn (or land) and you have to draw an eldrazi temple or eye of ugin (which the deck doesn't play I believe) in order to be able to even threaten lethal on the 2nd turn after this assuming no blockers and playing displacer to block the following turn if all creatures attack again. Best case she has nothing this turn and you go to 3. Untap and draw an eldrazi temple and get down a smasher and leave it back to block. She then draws nothing and attacks with everything such that you can eat two tokens, play another smasher and attack for lethal. Otherwise you play displacer and then need to draw a temple for smasher the following turn and she again has to attack with all creatures leaving none to block in order to be dead to that strategy. You're already on such low odds to win on this board regardless, blocking the mentor just gave her the dig through time out among a ton of outs she could have before you get a chance to kill her.
Yeah, I realized my mistake with the math here. I thought he could survive another turn either way assuming she had nothing but he had to make the block he did.
Unless they somehow timegate things...I'm willing to be someone manages it regardless. Or a group/team of people working together to alternate.
And I'm stuck looking at Facebook with all these people I know still supporting this idiot and talking about how they want to pay x toward the wall and shit. It's like I can't even talk to anyone I know because everyone has lost their mind and has no grasp of reality.
I personally like the idea of [[Nissa, Worldwaker]] or [[Garruk Wildspeaker]] plus [[Ugin, the spirit dragon]]. Just ramp out the green walker fast and then the following turn you can use their + to ramp out Ugin who can sit there and either +2 bolt other walkers down or just -X the entire board killing all your opponents planeswalkers easily. Plus being in green lets you play [[Doubling Season]] which becomes incredibly stupid when you always have 2 planeswalkers in the command zone. Dropping Ugin to instantly ult and stick around with 4 loyalty is dumb and Nissa at 6 loyalty can +1 and the following turn the ultimate should likely just instantly win you the game. Nissa's +1 also synergizes well with Ugin's -X as the lands are colorless creatures and thus don't get exiled to the effect. Bonus points if you can rule lawyer your opponents into accidentally having their commanders permanently exiled with Ugin if they don't put them in the command zone.
On one hand the daily quests motivated you to play more and thus in that way encouraged more battles and a higher chance of getting a defense win. On the other hand, for the quests you specifically needed wins...so in a way you'd be more motivated to win the battle rather than surrender even if you had a hero die and thus it would prevent you from getting your best potential streak. So really...I'm not sure. Overall I think it was easier but there's also a lot that's changed since then in Arena.
Downsides: Does nothing offensively and only works defensively. Takes up an A slot or a unique weapon ability They might not be the biggest downsides but they're significant nonetheless. Fury 3 can at times effectively have no downside when you're dealing with heroes that are never getting attacked or actively want the lower hp to trigger abilities like desperation. Before the changes to BST calculations in arena people were running Hector with Fury 3 for max points because it was necessary and Distant Counter was actively hurting your max score.
Sure, but A skills generally give a good stat boost while Distant/Close counter does not. "You have it instead of something else" is a legitimate weakness in this case, especially when you're comparing someone that actually needs to use up their A slot for the skill as opposed to it being built into the weapons. That said I think lightning breath is likely the best balanced version as it's the only distant counter weapon that you can inherit. It gives +1 to skill activations like blade tomes do
A +1 movement seal would be insane on a 3x Cavalry 1x Dancer team with the movement seal on the dancer. Normally a dancer with a cavalry team is pretty garbage as they get ahead of the dancer who then does nothing. If the dancer could catch up it'd be insane. Similarly on an armor unit with 3 infantry units.
Do you have a spare Cherche lying around to give Sheena pivot? An armor hero with Pivot and a dancer can move a good distance in a single turn. Really though, at lot of arena matches at least (and battles in general) are more about baiting the enemy AI into coming to you and moving your heroes out of the way and into the right positions rather than rushing toward the opponent faster.
Wow, so many more people than last week. It looks like I'm not even going to need to get a really high score/improve my current score in t17 to get promoted back to t18 again. Maybe this time I can actually reach t19.
I spent so many dueling crests to get to T18 the first time around from T17, just grinding out those extra 2-4 points per match.
This would absolutely not work. Infantry heroes have a significant BST increase compared to ranged heroes. If you can throw a ranged weapon on any of the monstrously high atk and hp infantry heroes why would you ever use an archer or ninja over them? They have lower BST and never have a weapon advantage (though also no disadvantage) and in most all cases have significantly lower attack. That said I do think we could have generic weapons with built in distant counter akin to Lightning Breath+ that come with lower mt and a skill activation +1 penalty.
Honestly, if you're just maximizing arena points you aren't running Bridal Cordelia as your bonus hero. You're inherently at a disadvantage due to the lower BST of archers. Swift Sparrow isn't exactly making it easier to get into Desperation range either. Sure you have an extra 5 def/res but you're not going to be able to set up a situation to take a hit without dying against most opponents very easily if you couldn't with LaD as well. The fact that you're dropping 10 speed on defense between the A skill and Brave Bow means you're going to run into a lot more opponents that can double you which will more than make up for the 5 def/res you gained. You could technically run a hero with reciprocal aid to put her into desperation range while still running the double rally as well. I'll just be sitting here with my lvl40 Cordelia with Brave Bow+, LaD2 and Desperation 2, just short of 3, needing to get SP for a special, lvl2 rally and C skill still...god she needs so much SP for everything it's insane.
Nobody really cares about the special effects on bows/knives when you can OHKO or ORKO enemies consistently instead. Brave bow doesn't have "special effects" on it compared to what's available for melee heroes. They already have brave axe/sword/lance and higher attack available. Firesweep bow is a better comparison but an incredibly niche build. Fir is also a horrible example as she's not exactly a high attack hero. Why would you ever use a Cordelia with 35/38 attack over an Effie if you could give Effie a Javelin? Effie has 40/43 base attack, 5 higher than Cordelia (who has the best offensive stats for an archer), has significantly higher defense and hp AND giving her a ranged attack effectively doubles her range as she's otherwise restricted to 1 movement and attack.
I personally run reposition, bonfire, def+3, quick riposte 3, hone cavalry (for them Reinhardt buffs) Many people run Fury 3 over Def+3, personally I like getting up to 40 def without taking the 6 damage post-combat as it allows him to take a tiny hit, get a double counter and stay within quick riposte hp% range longer. Especially nice when he takes 0 from an archer and such and isn't taking 6 damage afterwards for no reason. The speed certainly isn't helping him almost ever.
I suppose. I find considering specific match ups without factoring in IVs/Fury etc as well to be rather pointless though. In my case with -hp also it really doesn't make much difference as most of those match ups if Cordelia is getting hit she's getting killed. They're also match ups I wouldn't rely on Cordelia for anyway, I don't expect to use an archer against a tanky opponent like a Xander or Hector.
Yes, as long as you don't screw up and yield to it on MTGO. But it means you can't do X and leave up mana. You have to spend all of your mana in the same phase.
Eh, not really sure to be honest. I inherited DC onto him before I made him 5 star even lol. I pulled a second Hector from the hero fest after already having a +def -hp Hector. It was -def too... Felt better than making a +1 Hector to have a second armored hero I could use in Arena. Though this is largely because I have a +2 Julia who I like to use in my green slot if I don't have room in my lineup to have 2 green heroes. This way I have +2 Azura and +2 Azura and the ability to run an armor hero and still have all colors covered. If you have a Hector that you can easily/reliably run I wouldn't say it's a huge deal, he's not super impressive without distant counter. The utility to kill archers etc easily is nice to always have an armor hero though imo.
"Tankiness" is not a feature of Bride Cordelia. She kills a large % of opponents with the initial double hit with Brave Bow without needing the quad.
No, but if I realize I need X hero at 4 star to inherit a skill and they're sitting at 3 star lvl1, it's nice to have the option of doing it instantly.
If you have another device or emulator (or MyKnox or such allowing you to have multiple instances of the app on your device) you can log into your old account and under settings &gt; account management you can "delete all data". This will permanently delete the account including any link to your My Nintendo. Then you can link the new account to your old My Nintendo account. The only real challenge is that you need to log in with your old account on some device without doing so on the same device your account is on otherwise you'll overwrite and lose that current data.
It's a guy though...
You say that, but the 35 speed L&amp;D build with +atk gets more kills than the +speed build. Even against Fury 3 and speed+3 opponents. It's only like 3 more kills but it's still more. It's absolutely not worse. The thing people don't seem to realize is that the opponents you need to quad are the ones with high defense but low speed. Your attack is high enough that you just straight up kill most every high speed opponents with the initial double. Someone like Setsuna needs to quad way more opponents because her attack is so much lower, Bridal Cordelia doesn't have that issue.
I'll try to make some summary for you but it's not the easiest to just go through everything. It's also rather silly at a point since most of the "losses" are heroes you wouldn't want/need Cordelia to kill. +atk -hp vs +speed -hp. BraveBow+, L&amp;D3, Desperation 3, Atk+1, Luna +atk wins 110, loses 3, draws 7 vs +speed wins 105, loses 4, draws 11. I took out all the healers since you don't seem to care and they both kill all of them. +atk loses to Ike, Hector, Xander. +speed loses to Ike, Hector, Xander, Cecilia (doesn't kill by 2 damage) Notable opponents that neither kill are Lukas, Zephiel, Corrin (f) and Effie. +speed wins but +atk doesn't against Merric, Corrin (M), Spring Chrom +atk wins but +speed doesn't against Marth, Matthew, Karel, Henry, Sharena, Selena, Saizo Giving enemies a +speed boon override, they both lose to the same 3/4 heroes they lose against neutral opponents. +atk drops to 102 wins and +speed drops to 100 wins. Only real "noteworthly" hero that +speed fails to kill now in addition to previously is Roy. +atk now fails to kill Eldigan, Young tiki and Spring Xander. +speed also no longer kills any of the above heroes that it killed previously but +atk couldn't. Fury 3 override (but not +speed) drops them down to +speed winning against 92 with 6 losses and 22 draws while +atk is at 95 wins, 5 losses and 20 draws. +atk loses to Robin (M), Cecilia, Ike, Virion (lol) and Xander. +speed loses to the same plus Ryoma (doesn't kill with the initial double and dies to first counter). Note that Hector should also be here because nobody is overwriting his Distant Counter with Fury 3. Only real notable additions here to heroes they draw against is +speed will now fail to kill Eirika and Lucina as well while +atk wins against both while failing to kill Robin (F), Alm and now also failing to kill Sharena as well. Note that none of the above is factoring in actually having desperation active for the quad hit before any counter. Without going into crazy detail on all the match-ups, factoring desperation at the maximum health possible (23/33 after 1 ardent sacrifice) Against neutral; +atk wins 112, loses 2, draws 6, +speed wins 109, loses 2, draws 9 Against +speed; +atk wins 104, loses 3, draws 13, +speed wins 103, loses 5, draws 12 Against Fury 3; +atk wins 97, loses 7, draws 16, +speed wins 95, loses 7, draws 18 Note that the special seal you use actually slightly affects things depending on if you use +1 speed or +1 attack. +1 attack is consistently the same/better for +atk boon, however +1 speed is better for +speed but ONLY against neutral opponents. Once you factor in +speed opponents it's the same and Fury opponents +atk is better. I will note that +speed actually performs better than +atk when you're fighting opponents that all have both +speed AND Fury 3, though it's still at that point only a gap of 6 extra wins for +speed while performing worse against only +speed or Fury 3 opponents or neither.
Yep. It's basically a recurring gag in the series that he's very feminine and cute, but 100% a guy.
I meant with this specific character in this series. I'm aware it's also a gag in anime in general as well.
Yeah, Death Blow is really just giving up any value in Cordelia's great speed stat to be a normal Brave Bow build. While she does this better than other archers since she ALSO has such high attack it's a bit of a waste. I think you'd 99% of the time want to run Ardent Sacrifice, it's just in this case OP is running rally atk/speed for the min/max arena point grinding and in such a case you wouldn't go out of your way to get swordbreaker. In most cases you'd just rely on the rest of your team to take care of the very few threats where it might be an issue to not be making use of desperation. It's also likely to be rare moving forward that the couple points difference with rally atk/speed matters when you're dealing with a non-merged hero to begin with and thus unlikely to be at the very top of the competitive arena level where you need to min/max to such a degree. And at that point you'd be much better running a higher BST hero to begin with.
Do you want to go for a quad build or do you want to keep her starting weapon, or a FireSweep bow build? Also which one is +def? +def is actually surprisingly relevant against distant counter opponents due to her low hp. You'd probably want to go for a Death Blow brave bow build rather than a quad build, in which case you're far better off using -speed as you're no longer trying to get 4x attacks on opponents and just trying to maximize damage in 2 hits.
I haven't done the math (and don't really need to) but assuredly Luna. Luna is pretty much always better with brave weapons. If you're hitting an enemy 4 times you'd trigger both moonbow and Luna but Luna is obviously better. There are fringe cases where moonbow could be better, if you're killing opponents in 1 shot and thus moonbow triggers on the first double next combat while Luna wouldn't, or if you're killing 3+ opponents every fight you'll trigger moonbow more sometimes, though often it'll just be overkill and not actually needed to get kills. Pretty much just as a general rule of thumb Luna &gt;&gt;&gt; Moonbow on brave builds. It also has the bonus of triggering on the initial double after you kill someone with a double (not quad) on the second hit for more damage than moonbow would despite it also triggering.
The fact that it's sorcery makes it MUCH worse for control because of this interaction. You have to do it on your turn and they can respond with a skullcrack/ACommand. If it was instant you could respond to a burn spell when they tap out.
I like to argue. I also remembered some of the more early parts but not the details of some of the later parts which in this case were what was relevant.
Honestly? I don't like Threaten skills in general. Probably defense but I'd have to check the math and I'm too lazy to at the moment. I pretty much only like hone/fortify/spur (and the cavalry/flier specific versions) as I feel like they're more reliable to set up and make use of. I feel like threaten skills are way too situational as you have to properly bait the AI into moving into the right position for them to take affect. A hone/fortify skill is very easy to set up and gives you a benefit for the entire turn instead of against only one opponent. In theory I'd assume threaten defense should be significantly better as it will help you a ton against high defense opponents who are typically slower to begin with and thus you might be quading them anyway...though most of those you kill with a luna proc if you are. A decent number of the draws are also from opponents that are surviving at very little hp and thus 5 extra damage per hit is a huge deal, even if you're just doubling them for 10 extra damage. ironically enough I wouldn't be surprised if +atk is better with Threaten speed and +speed is better with threaten defense. Threaten defense has the nice bonus of more than canceling out the extra bulk from Fury 3 which is nice. If you're still curious I'll try to remember to check in a bit when I get a chance.
I feel like Vantage is better than Quick Riposte only because of the lack of needing Quick Riposte due to actually having higher speed, especially with cavalry buffs. A single Hone Cavalry brings him up to 42 speed with Fury 3, 46 if you also have a Goad Cavalry in there. He also has absurd attack to go with Vantage to nuke opponents.
Looks like Hone and Fortify Cavalry on top of Fury 3.
Huh, guess I'm close than I thought. Still...grinding SP sucks so much.
You shouldn't have to shut it off even that often, unless you're doing something that is loading a ton of images on a web browser constantly or something. Basically just use the device as normal and if you do have an issue you can just shut it off for a couple minutes then. You could maybe do a full shutdown and restart once a day at night or in the morning or something. It's very unlikely the crashing is actually hurting anything aside being an annoyance so if it just happens every once in a while and you restart the device to fix it you should probably be fine. It looks like your specific tablet has 1gb of "memory". FEH looks like it uses just under half of that on it's own, so it likely doesn't leave a ton left for a lot of other stuff. Mostly if you're playing the game, try not to have a bunch of other applications running in the background and instead close them all the way when you're done and just open them again for while you're using them. If you still have problems there's some more technical stuff I could get into that might or might not help but for the time being I won't make you worry about that.
I didn't say it was HARD, it's just annoying and time consuming. I'd rather be dumping my time and stamina into farming HM off the special maps before they're gone for feathers from heroes I'll otherwise never use.
That could actually be worse. Then mages wouldn't be strong against ANY physical opponents and would still have paper defense for the most part that. At least a mage with WTA and decent def/hp like 20/40 on Tharja can take a hit from someone like Hector due to weapon triangle reducing his damage. This is especially true with triangle adept letting a mage get 40% resist against a specific color of melee opponents. splitting the weapon triangle would be way worse for the game overall. Not to mention someone like Reinhardt would then have no disadvantages against any melee opponents and could just tear them all to pieces. No more tanky or high resist green melee opponents giving him trouble.
They wanted to simplify things by having 1 weapon triangle, which honestly is smart. They couldn't really accurately split up the tomes however because otherwise you'd have almost zero dark mages, very few light magic users and almost all anima magic users. The fact that you can't have the option to wield multiple weapons and most of the potential "bishop" characters have been added as healers rather than light mages also hurts. But having magic users have no WTA against any color opponents AND no disadvantage would be horrible for the games balance. No mage would be able to build a tanky build against melee opponents with WTA and triangle adept, and someone like Reinhardt would have no disadvantage against any melee opponents so they'd just tear everyone to pieces even more easily than they already do.
If you actually read the OPs comments, he has Ardent Sacrifice learned. It's not showing here because he's using Rally atk/speed for the extra ~2 points per match in arena. The build uses ardent sacrifice normally.
I'm not 100% sure how it works with your device. If you can open the view where you can swap apps such that you see the others in a sort of minimized view sort of like if you alt-tab on a computer, and then you're swiping those away so they're gone, that should be closed. Some devices will automatically close background apps if you don't have much memory, and some will just do it all the time. And some apps are bad about still using up memory even if they're closed...
He's not. He's wearing a tank top under a loose shirt or w/e.
In the games it's fire/wind/lightning magic, all in the same group. Light magic is specific to mostly healers etc and is like...legit "light" Dark magic is "evil" magic of sorts and is where you have a stuff like health-stealing magic.
What is your bane (- stat)? In general L&amp;D is "better" in regards to it getting you more kills overall (even lvl2 vs fury 3). Fury 3 has the advantage of making you much more tanky against opponents than Life and death however. The difference isn't "huge", it's a couple wins. Notably Fury means you can typically take out Hector with little to no issue. It also gives you an easier way to activate Desperation if you don't want to run and rely on ardent sacrifice when needed. If you're 100% just about maximizing damage and quad opportunities I'd run Life and Death, if you want a slightly more budget option that can still do great, doesn't need ardent sacrifice, and that can tank a hit easier I'd run Fury 3.
Personally I'd probably run: Whatever assist you want, personally draw back. Special: Iceberg. Takes advantage of her +res and has a faster activation since she's never doubling opponents in most cases A: Fury 3 B: Quick Riposte. She doesn't really "need" G tomebreaker when she's +res as she should be taking such little damage, plus you'll never win the speed battle of G tomebreaker vs G tomebreaker. Getting hit twice in some cases might actually be good since it'll activate her special as well. C: whatever your team needs Special seal: either +3 hp or +1 atk, or fortify res/spur def. No point using +1 speed. The extra tankiness of +4 hp could be nice. Only real noteworthy opponent you won't be able to kill that you could with another boon/bane would be Hector as you won't be able to double him and his quick riposte will kill her.
only thing I'd probably change is Quick Riposte over G tomebreaker. Her speed means G Tomebreaker will be worthless against other G tomebreaker opponents and QR allows her to bait enemy green mages, take very little damage due to her res +naga on defense, and then counter twice. All this while it also helps against other ranged opponents....though getting doubled by most archers will kill her anyway.
Unless your cavalry units are highly merged you're just putting yourself at a disadvantage for the most part. Cavalry heroes have a lower BST and thus you have a lower max score you can get, and the scores are very competitive in the high tiers 18+
You could still run L&amp;D quad build, but you're probably better off just going with Death Blow. What's your boon?
"Hone"/"Fortify" buffs stack with "spur" buffs and you can stack multiple spur buffs, but only 1 hone/fortify buff on the same stat Hone buffs include: Hone Attack, Speed, Cavalry, Fliers, Armor Fortify buffs include: Fortify Defense, Resistance, Cavalry, Fliers, Armor, dragons Spur buffs include: Spur defense, resistance, attack, speed "goad" cavalry/fliers/armor and "ward" cavalry/fliers/armor So you can stack Hone Cavalry for +6 atk/speed with a Fortify Cavalry that gives +6 def/res and stack that with any number of goad/ward/spur buffs but you can't stack it with Hone attack/speed/def/res. "defiant" skills as well as the healer balm specials count as hone/fortify affects. Basically anything that visibly affects the stats you can only use 1 of and they don't stack, it will just take whatever the best stat boost is. In combat buffs you can stack as many as you want together. So a team of 4x cavalry heroes all running Goad Cavalry and all within 2 squares of each other will each get +12 attack/speed in combat from 3x Goad Cavalry from each other. A team of 4x Hone Cavalry will just give +6 attack/speed to each adjacent cavalry hero at the start of the turn. You didn't ask but I thought I'd also mention that "blade" tomes only gain a bonus from visible stat boosts from the hone/fortify buffs, they don't gain anything bonus from in combat buffs. Edit- And I just realized this wasn't even what you were asking zzz. It depends on what you want really. If you're going for defensiveness with armor heroes and distant counter you probably want 4x ward armor for the +12 def/res on everyone when grouped together. If you're running horses and you have a blade tome user you need Hone/Fortify cavalry on two of your other heroes to buff them by +30 bonus attack. Or if you have a Reinhardt you might want the +6 attack for when you rush him out separately to nuke someone down. If you have Camus you might want goad/hone cavalry to give him speed buffs to get him up to stupidly high speed and double everyone with distant counter. On a flier team running brave weapons you might want as many hone/goad affects as possible to get more kills with the initial double and potential quad hits.
I personally would be happy to see a number of the 5 star exclusive healers shifted down to 4 star rarity. I also think it would be pretty reasonable to make it so aside being focus, heroes aren't both 4 star and 5 star but only 4 star. I think it would be pretty reasonable for heroes like Catria and Roy etc to be available at 4 star rather than 4 star exclusive, it makes it really difficult to get fodder for stuff such as Luna (I know you can get Frederick too) and Triangle Adept 3.
looks 50x better than last week in t18. 4840 wasn't enough to promote to 19 with ~4500 players in the tier. It's also stupid easy to get from t17 to t18 currently if you can score &gt;4800 it seems.
I'm honestly not sure how you only have 418 hero merit on her, despite having that much SP and all those skills learned...doesn't seem like that should be possible at all. You get 180 or 210 sp for merging each copy, but this build needs far more SP and you have over 2k sp currently. Just grinding 2k sp should get you over 600 hero merit on it's own in the 8/9/10th stratums. You could get SP by grinding each up individually and learning skills before merging but you'd still likely have significantly more hero merit. It just doesn't add up at all...
I had ~300 HM grinding from 1-40 once with Bridal Cordelia, and that gets you something like 1-1.5k SP max. The already learned skills on this hero requires 4,605 SP, then another 2115 on the hero still. Or 3070 if there's a trick to not have to pay an increased SP cost from inheritance somehow in there. There's no way you're grinding 6.8k SP without getting more than 418 hero merit.
Your rating does not factor in stat boosts from anything, weapon or skills. The BST of the unit with no weapons or skills is only taken into account in that regard. The only sense where higher mt weapons factor in is that unique weapons are worth slightly more as they have a higher SP cost. They typically have more MT but that isn't a factor. A 7mt brave bow+ isn't worth any different from a silver bow+. Similarly if you have a tier 3 A skill that costs X sp it's worth the same as any other A skill that costs X sp. Skills like Aether and Galeforce are worth more than any other special because they're tier 3 specials and cost more sp than any others.
Not soon enough
It looks like there's at least some orbs available from the scores as well so it might be about even, we'll see.
Looks like a big stamina potion dump potentially...especially since it looks like you might even get an extra copy of masked Lucina if you get a high enough ranking...that's kind of a huge deal. I'm glad it's not permanent permadeath and if you fail with your teams you can get everyone back and try again. Really not a fan that supposedly clear speed affects your score as that heavily punishes armor heroes. The fact that your HP caries over between battles means fury is going to be a very very risky skill to run. The -1 special activation on turn1 special seal is also very interesting, though I'm not sure how useful it really is.
It only gives -1 to your special at the start if the first turn. So it'll accelerate your first special activation but that's it.
Maybe, depends on the terrain really.
Not gonna say I'm not planning to try this, especially with Bridal Cordelia lol.
We only saw some of the rewards, not all of them. They clearly stated we could get both a 4 star and 5 star "Masked Marth" yet the image only showed a 5 star, meaning there's more rewards there as well. The notice also stated that there are ranking rewards which we also didn't see. It's too early to say what we'll get total and if it's even actually less than the orbs/feathers from voting gauntlet. Also the "13k" feathers from voting gauntlet isn't exactly accurate as with the new system is is much harder to consistently rank highly in every round and final ranking while actually winning the rounds. The winners most rounds had a lot of trouble consistently using flags during 3x bonus since they got so few in most cases. That said, I agree that a free 4 and 5 star unit is way better than a few thousand feathers, especially if they're actually good which I expect they will be. A GHB you'll get a 3 and 4 star hero...but then you have to spend 20k feathers to make them 5 star, here we're getting some number of feathers AND a 4 and 5 star hero potentially which means you're effectively getting 22k feathers worth of already-promoted value in the rewards. It also seemed like we might be able to get yet another copy from the ranking rewards potentially. The fact that one copy is already 5 stars also means it's much cheaper/easier to make that a 5 star+1 by upgrading the 4 star copy we get, which is a big boon for Arena possibilities for a lot of people.
I'm personally hoping that TT doesn't straight up replace VG. We need all the content we can get in this game, not just one event replacing another. We could definitely due to have TT and VG basically alternating with each other both each month. That said, it seems like TT might be a somewhat rare event that we don't get regularly if we even get it again ever. It looks like it might be story based to a degree as we saw that it was supposedly fighting Veronica at some point. It could be that this is a big "boss" story sort of event and we'll get one every couple months when the story reaches a climax of sorts.
Nino can counter Reinhardt fine, you just attack and 1shot him first instead of putting her into his attack range. Plus you only have to do that IF they're running Reinhardt and IF he has the seal. It's honestly not hard at all to play around and just bait and kill the enemy offensively rather than letting them attack.
https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/feheroes.gamepedia.com/thumb/3/35/Map_Z0002.png/360px-Map_Z0002.png?version=cec786167c4f11d6bfb245b905d8469b This map? Definitely favors defense I'll agree but it's not super hard to play aggressively. You can typically push forward on turn 1 and then use dance/reposition/draw back etc to handle most anything. The AI also tends to be really stupid on this map and get itself split up pretty horribly, especially to the point where dancers are basically useless for the AI.
I think there's basically an inherent balance problem with magic in the game with the balancing between magic attack and res. There's just so few high res heroes...but at the same time if you just lower the base magic attack of everyone by a few points you reach a point where you can be doing such little damage in general that mages aren't worth using. Basically mages are either amazing or complete trash and there's no in between. This is especially problematic because defensively mages generally suck, so you can't have a magic version of the "tanky but garbage attack" hero be viable really. There are some high def/res mages but typically they don't have good of both stats and even then you can't easily have close counter to actually combat melee heroes AND you likely have low hp. Tanky melee heroes work fine because you at least get to counter someone running up and hitting you for low damage.
One of the big problems is that the potentially tanky mages REALLY want a good A skill, even if that's something like Darting/Death blow that doesn't work defensively. Typically though you'll want something like Fury that is a huge boost defensively while also letting you activate desperation and boosting attack/speed decently. You can't really afford to spend that A slot on close counter. The "best" offensive mage build also tend to run Life &amp; Death with the exception of Reinhardt running Death Blow or some tanky mages running Fury 3 (Julia) or Triangle Adept (Sanaki) at times. Tharja is in a good place pretty much only because she has enough speed to rarely get doubled and has enough hp to make up for her low defense. A mage like Robin (M) is pretty horrible with his balanced stats and only really redeemed due to the combination of a raven tome and triangle adept...which again uses up his A slot to make him good.
Or..you just attack him first instead of letting him attack you. It's really not that hard.
Camus is always a decent option and he'll be a bonus hero in arena after the current rotation ends.
"Continue to clear maps and your score will increase! You can receive rewards based on your cumulative score." "You can also receive a ranking based on your cumulative score! Even more rewards will be given based on score, so aim for the highest ranks." So in addition to the individual cumulative score rewards, there's further rewards based on your ranking compared to everyone else. This means that people with more stamina potions etc that can dump it all into running it repeatedly will be at a huge advantage. That said...at the end of the day it'll be all the whales who can/will spend actual orbs on stamina beyond any stamina potions anyone has that will be able to achieve those scores.
ooh, you can designate a team as your defense team without them having to be your first team now.
Even as someone who has such a phone...it would be an incredibly stupid thing to devote any resources to developing for.
Ooh Zephiel GHB is back. I could technically get my Zephiel to +2 now...if I wanted to spend 40k feathers doing so...
Honestly, doesn't sound hard at all. Especially if you give either one swordbreaker as it lets you bypass Wary Fighter, and Sharena has WTA against him. It's also much easier to weaken an opponent with a mage and not kill him when he's running wary fighter. Zephiel you could probably just kill everyone else and then put them next to each other and just keep healing him as they hit each other for very low damage. Granted this is also from the perspective of someone who has both Zephiel and Sharena at 5 star lvl40...
We'll just got 2 of the 3 Vantage heroes than 2 totally random heroes without vantage. Or they could include Hector and Takumi because they always have vantage anyway
Yeah, the Navarre/RobinF GHB didn't really have more rewards per battle, it's just that we got 2 repeat fights rather than just one at a time. I'd be more alright with only getting 1 extra copy if we got 2 repeats at once each time instead and it meant we would cycle through them faster to eventually get back to the same ones again.
Interesting that it's an exact copy of neutral Lucina, ignoring whatever skills she has as well. Hard to say if this is really "better" than my +def -res Lucina. +4 def is actually surprisingly nice for a non-ideal boon/bane. 32 defense with Fury 3 is quite tanky physically. Really want to know what skills she has...there could actually be some argument to using her as inheritance fodder if she has Aether
I'm starting to wonder if actually getting the free 5 star copy is going to be significantly harder than people are expecting.
Well, there's still the potential that ranking rewards are going to provide yet another copy of her so they could get a higher potential merge. Also we don't know if it's even possible to reach the necessary score without using some amount of potions etc.
If you don't care about Awakening spoilers... When Lucina first shows up in the story for Awakening she's pretending to be the famous Hero King Marth.
They give an extra new copy from the quests. The very first which was Navarre and Robin (f) gave two of each but all the others have only given one.
Celica higher than Tharja just seems stupid as far as I'm concerned considering this is an "inheritance" tier list and not just non-inheritance. Ike and Ryoma both tier 1 while Xander is sitting in tier 3??? while performing better at high tiers of Arena on cavalry teams along with Reinhardt who is also somehow in tier 2 despite being easily one of the most powerful heroes in the game. If Bride Cordelia is deserving of tier 1 (which I think she is) Reinhardt should definitely be there as well. Nowi...honestly idk the last time I saw a Nowi being used and it certainly wasn't remotely a threat, though I admit having Julia there certainly helps.
Celica has almost identical stats to Tharja. Celica is 39/32/33/22/22 while Tharja is 39/32/34/23/20. Celica gets Ragnarok which has more initial upside when at full hp than an a blade tome without buffs but also has a lower ceiling for potential and is extremely conditional relying on her being at max health for it to do anything. Tharja can take a hit from an opponent and tank it due to her high health and then be in desperation range for maximum killing potential with a buffed blade tome while Celica can't ever take a hit or it will knock her out of Ragnarok's activation range and require healing in some form or another before being at her max potential again.
Honestly, I don't think anyone that is remotely knowledgeable about the game takes any of these tier lists remotely seriously. There's way too many factors to consider to make a clean cut tier list that covers everything and that everyone can understand. We'd honestly be better off making the "best" builds for each character and running them through a damage calculator and making a tier list based on who gets the most wins in all variations between attacking and defending etc. And that'd be incredibly subjective and useless data as well. Hell, every other week we alternate if the arena is using defensive tiles or not and that can make a HUGE difference in the viability of various heroes even.
Honestly they don't need to and really shouldn't introduce anything above 5 stars. 5 star heroes are already strong enough that you can typically 1shot enemies in a huge % of situations, do we really need to be making heroes even stronger?
Celica is literally just as squishy as Tharja, even more so if you're running her with Life &amp; Death since she can't run Fury 3 due to Ragnarok's ability.
Maybe. I mean any mage is typically very weak defensively. Tharja is one of the few mages that can easily attack into Hector without worrying about getting 1shot on the counter without running Triangle Adept.
That feel when your best heroes you're using already have max hero merit.
Yeah...I definitely used my Azura, first hero to hit 4k. Then Julia was one of the next few if not the next. They're also my two +2 heroes haha.
Yeah mine is +atk -hp so I couldn't quad her without a speed buff. I swapped my Azura to Hone Speed now so I can...doesn't help with all the other random 40+ speed opponents though.
Unfortunately the fact that he didn't keep memos for Obama or Bush is going to be used against him and used to spin this as an unfair attack on Trump and thus not viable evidence. At least I'm sure they'll try to say that.
Oh, I think it'd be complete bullshit if they tried to argue that and it shouldn't/wouldn't hold up. But If the Trump supporters can do anything it's blindly believe whatever BS spin Trump etc try to put on anything.
I have his Twitter open on my second monitor, hoping he'll make some idiotic remark but knowing he must be tied down without his phone.
"Robber with a gun to your head" even
As someone who doesn't understand the relation here, can you explain?
Unfortunately I think it's entirely possible that he'll be impeached but nothing will actually happen due to that fact.
I can't even tell what comment you're replying to, it won't link properly. I'm not disagreeing with anything you said here though, that's definitely what we just watched.
Yeah...honestly seems pretty crazy. That said idk who seriously expected any sort of immediate action after this hearing. There's still an ongoing independent investigation which is what is really going to matter and the close session hearing is likely far far more important. If anything this seemed more to just help give people an impression of Comey and what information they can/should trust. The fact that Comey reinforced what we'd heard about his memos isn't anything earth-shattering but it's important to hear from him in public. He has faith in the independent investigation and clearly that's what we'll have to wait on.
All these people going crazy over this confirmation that he "wasn't under investigation" are somehow missing the entire point that the statement is in past tense. At no point has anyone said he's not NOW under investigation and that his actions didn't place him under investigation. And the entire thing with the Russia investigation is that while it might not have been a direct investigation into Trump it very likely did/could lead into his involvement. "HE WASN'T UNDER INVESTIGATION!", Yeah and neither was Hillary before she came under investigation, that's how things work. You're not under investigation then something happens, facts come to light etc and you are under investigation.
It's been fantastic for my Bride Cordelia. She's gets the majority of all the kills on the first 5 maps.
While I feel like this hearing reinforced this fact...I think anyone with half a brain has known that at least 50% of what the general media reports is somewhere between conjecture and complete bullshit. It's also hard to explain to the average lay person the difference between Trump himself being under direct investigation and his campaign being under investigation with ties to Russia.
And trying to explain to the average person the difference between "Trump" directly being under investigation and "Trump's campaign" being under investigation or even "Russian involvement with the election" is incredibly difficult.
._. I was asking which one haha
We'll get ~4 over the course of the event just from daily login, and you can get anther 2-3 from my Nintendo rewards over the 2 weeks of the event. On top of that we just got all the stamina potions from the new month of quests. And even beyond that they're giving us orbs from the rewards at varying points which if you want to you CAN use to refill your stamina, it's just not locked into only being for that use for people who don't need it.
I'm like 99% sure it's looking at turns, or at least it should be. It would make way less sense if it was actually looking at time. I'm sure there's people that will close the game and such in between maps if they don't have time for the whole 7 maps at once.
someone try to convince one way or another between +atk -def and +atk -hp Bridal Cordelia.
That's pretty much my feeling and why I was asking. Normally I'd say -hp is better but she runs with such low def/res anyway that she'll never be surviving 2 attacks as it is anyway. -def might let her survive a mage in very rare cases I suppose. -res might be ideal imo as it lets you survive a single hit from Hector counter which neither -def or -hp can normally.
Yeah, actually with either -def or -hp, at +1 she gains the vital 1 hp that she needs to survive a neutral 52 atk Hector counter and kill him with a quad. Now I just need to level a whole new Bridal Cordelia to 40...while using all my stamina on the tempest.
I'm actually an idiot. It doesn't matter at all if you're running Life and Death. Either desperation is up and you can kill Hector with a quad Luna or you die to his counter no matter what boon/bane you are.
Short of having Aether which is extremely valuable in high level arena...this honestly barely matters at all. Lucina's spur attack 3 is decent but aside that you'd giving her A/B and support skills anyway.
Falchion/Renewal however does reset each round, meaning you'll always heal 10 hp at the start of each map, or 20 if you have both. Makes anyone with Falchion/Renewal a great healer that you can just heal someone with ardent sacrifice or reciprocal aid at the end of one map and get your health back at the start of the next map.
Life and death is still actually better with +atk instead of +speed. Generally overall +atk actually performs slightly better but it's incredibly close.
I've now pulled 3 Bride Cordelia's and 1 Bride Lyn. To this day I've yet to pull a single Klein. I only recently pulled my first Jeorge, have yet to pull a Kagero and have never pulled a single Matthew despite him being available at 3 star as well, only have the one we start with. Just pulled my first Priscilla too.
Honestly, it's hard to say, but I'm assuming we at least haven't passed it yet. Maybe someone with a higher score than me can give some more insight though. I'm at 15,501 score and rank 4946, meaning there's at least 76.6 million including my score and everyone above me, though I'm sure a number of those people are significantly higher. If we include your number with that we have another at least 58.5 million points, though likely much more in between these scores. We're probably at least at 300 million as a conservative guess and we have the rest of today and 3 more days to reach the 1 billion target. Hopefully IS gives us an update on our current progress in the notices in the next day or two so people know if they should burn stamina potions to help us reach it.
Car will discretely dump the body and then drive to the nearest partner dealership
They could definitely give us an update tomorrow which would be ~ half way through the period of time to get the bonus. That said I do expect they'd probably give it to us regardless most likely.
rank 2,055 with 22,174
update: Rank 2,055 with 22,174 as of 9:20 EST
Technically you can grind SP up to lvl20 or so which is extremely cheap stamina wise and then you can use crystals up to 40 and use them in the Tempest Trials and gain SP there as it's a great source of SP assuming they're getting kills. Might not be ideal but it's a valid option.
Can confirm this is how I've been dealing with Tempest Trials. My problem now is that my whole team has maxed hero merit so I'm tempted to try to mix it up.
I ACTUALLY THINK THIS EVENT IS PRETTY EASY AND THAT THE DIFFICULTY IS A NICE CHALLENGE. YOU'RE NOT REALLY PUNISHED FOR FAILING AT ALL IF YOU JUST KEEP RUNNING IT. BUT MAN MY MAIN TEAM IS NOW ALL MAXED ON HERO MERIT AND I FEEL LIKE IT'S A WASTE TO KEEP RUNNING THE SAME TEAM. ALSO FUCK WINGS OF MERCY
GAUNTLET IS WAY DUMBER, IT REWARDS YOU TOO HEAVILY FOR JUST BEING ONLINE 24/7 TO SPAM BATTLES EVERY 30 MINUTES AND IS STUPIDLY EASY WITH ZERO SKILL, ESPECIALLY WITH USING LVL1 BONUS HEROES AND JUST USING AUTO BATTLE WITH A FRIENDS LVL40 HERO.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Voting gauntlet doesn't use stamina though...
I guess that's true, but it's not like they need a ton to finish all of them.
I have 68.9k total points and only have 47 stamina potions left. The real problem though is that my Bridal Cordelia has over 4k SP because she murders everyone but she has all her skills learned but I eventually need to merge her into my other better bane copy but then I'll lose all that SP. And I'm only rank 1342
I actually like the event quite a lot. I'm just not a huge fan of how all consuming of your stamina it is with the ranking requiring you to play non-stop really. I'll appreciate the 8-10k feathers in the end though I'm sure. I got quickened pulse and haven't even used it yet...I guess I could throw it on Julia for some free Dragon Fang charges. I just wish I could reliably use a different team that still needed hero merit as I'm sure I've wasted a few thousand feathers worth of potential hero merit since my full team is maxed now.
The only "healer" I run is Lucina with renewal and reciprocal aid, who I need as my bonus hero. I also rely mostly on Bridal Cordelia to kill 90% of opponents with Julia to handle the few she can't and olwen/reinhardt defensively. The my last slot is a dancer and both my Olivia and Azura are maxed hero merit. I could probably make a different lineup using Tharja as my bonus hero, but I'd probably end up having a lot more trouble and still needing to run a dancer with maxed HM.
Oh no, the triggered players that manage to complain about everything are going to give me negative fake internet points.
If you're going for a quad build it could actually be worth just powering to 40 faster and using her in the tempest trials to farm sp. You gain so much so there that you don't really need to do a slow grind to maximize sp. You could just spend stamina farming sp at the lowest levels until you get a brave bow and then use her in trials to get all the other skills.
I'm already in the top 1k for the time being with very few stamina potions used so I kind of feel like I should just keep it up there, but a big part of it is also that I've got this team to the point of it being super mindlessly easy to grind through so it doesn't take much time at all.
Don't worry, she'll have no skin showing by the time it gets to a NA release.
47 atk and 28 speed? *Laughs in Bridal Cordelia* 50atk, 34 speed (rip no L&amp;D3 yet). 54 atk, 38 speed after hone buffs come at me. 72 hp Hector on stage 7? THAT'S CUTE. Desperation Quad ORKO GET OUT OF HERE
It's actually 47 because it's only 41. I included the +6 from Death Blow 3 in the 47 figure.
Wonder how high I'll get my Bridal Cordelia to by the end of the event. I've spent probably 1-2k and lost 4 or 5k merging into another copy. Will probably get at least 5-6k by the end again.
I think I've now been wrecked by vantage Linde as many times as I've been wrecked by Wings of Mercy. I just never think to actually check her skills...
I frequently bait her with Julia, but Julia won't kill her with inflated stats (hp and res). Then I go to try killing her with Bride Cordelia without realizing she has Vantage and get wrecked. All this to save the 6 hp from triggering Fury on Julia a second time to finish her off that way. I did manage to finish the last 3 stages with only 3 members on my team (Julia, Azura, Lucina) while still getting a 705 score so I guess there's that at least. Finished the last map with Julia as the only one alive with 1 hp.
I use Julia to bait blue mages usually, but she doesn't 1shot many of them when they have inflated speed/res/hp. Linde and Olwen typically survive a counter from her. The trouble I get myself into is when I don't want to use Julia for the second hit to kill them because I want to prevent the 6 post-combat fury damage and so I use Bride Cordelia to clean up the kill and don't pay attention to the fact they have vantage.
How do you figure it's not working? You're showing that you'll do 2 hits which is correct with G Tomebreaker. Veronica still gets to do 1 hit herself even if you have Tomebreaker, it just prevents her from doubling and guarantees you double. You are however dying to that single attack from Veronica before you get to double and kill her because she has her special up.
I don't run a dedicated "healer". I just run Lucina with reciprocal aid and Falchion + Renewal 3. Julia is great for Reinhardt and lots of other situations though. A 35 res healer will still take a decent chunk of damage from a 50atk Deathblow 3 Reinhardt on stage 7.
As much as I'd love this...I'd also hate this because my god would it be hard...and cost a ton of stamina for each map.
The issue with this is that it's not actually any better than running the standard rally defense, hone speed and fortify res special seal. With this you can give +3 atk, +3 res, +3 def +4 speed while the other "standard" set-up you provide +3 atk, +2 res +4 def +4 speed. It's the same total buff to attack with blade tomes while being less reliant on the actual rally.
Bah fine, I'll put Axebreaker on my Bridal Cordelia. Legion has such stupid high speed. It's not like I have thousands of sp lying around anyway.
I haven't played that game in more than a month and this instantly triggered me. God that stupid glitch on the Switch that caused the game to randomly do blood moons constantly. I had 3 within 5 minutes while I was in the same place.
I'm so conflicted. I love this art. I love blood moon and making my opponents suffer. I hate the Invocation borders so much.
You're completely ignoring the 3 res that Fury gives you? That said I personally went with Def+3 because I like the value of being able to keep your health high to trigger Quick Riposte as much as possible. It becomes much more relevant when you're fighting ~40-44 attack archers/ninjas who's do 0-4 or such damage and thus you're taking more damage from Fury than from the actual combat.
Well, I more meant that Fury covers both the effects of Res+3 and Def+3 AND Atk+3 together compared to just one. It's also more relevant for resistance imo because it lets you counter green mages more easily with distant counter considering his low base resistance.
With his low base res, if it keeps you from getting killed by a mage it can be worth it, especially since you can't die from the Fury damage. You're also likely getting doubled by most mages if you don't 1 shot counter them so you're reducing damage by 6 at that point. Usually you aren't ever going to be baiting and killing multiple mages to begin with unless you're running vantage to 1shot them before taking damage after getting hurt.
Don't forget that Full Metal Panic is finally getting a 4th season 11 years after the 3rd...granted I'm not totally sure when exactly that was announced and if it will actually be out this year or next.
I think it was already delayed at least once or twice depending on if you count the rumors of it getting a new season which might be almost 2 years old now. It was "announced" forever but had no official date.
I've yet to see anything with an official date or confirmation of it being any specific season or date yet...so I'm not holding my breath on that. It's been "announced" for like what 1-2 years now but the details beyond a "we're doing this" was basically nothing.
Life and Death 2 is fine for the build until you can get 3. You only need to use Ardent Sacrifice a single time to trigger desperation 3
I mean it's "technically" considered a season, even if it's not really part of the story. The novels had a LOT of spin-off volumes.
"Technically" Fumoffu was the second season, though it's more like a spin-off of side stories.
"Technically" Fumoffu was the second season, though it's more like a spin-off of side stories.
So I two accounts so far and I'm not sure if I should keep either or keep rerolling. First is 2x Marie Antoinette, Hercules, Saint Martha and 3 4* Essense and 1 5* Essense (Limited/Zero Over) Other is 5* Waver and Elizabeth, 3x Kiyohime (if that's relevant?) and 3 4* Essense. I've heard that Waver is amazing, but I honestly know next to nothing about the game... Also is there any downside to using the Blaze of Wisdoms we got for the Facebook thing right away to level up fast at the start?
sweet, thanks.
5th pull I get a Tiki and I'm pretty excited. +def.....-atk. FUUUUUU game I guess 37 defense +6 from her A skill on defense at full hp is pretty sweet at least but ugh. still 47 attack, 49 with her weapon buff I suppose.
I did 3 summoning sessions and didn't see a blue orb at all.
Got the same exact Tiki. Kind of sad about the -atk...but +def puts her up at 35 which is crazy considering that's 37 with her weapon buff and 43 with her A skill when being attacked and with the weapon buff.
