Sweet.
&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap. Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps. That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front. When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
Add a dash of military intervention and a sprinkle of nationalism to the general neoliberal philosophy, and you've got the current American neoconservative politics. From a practical standpoint, they're the same bogeyman.
American neoconservative policies are essentially just neoliberal economics with a heavy helping of foreign military intervention and nationalism. Both the 'neoconservative' and 'neoliberal' descriptors refer to two slightly different flavors of centrist politics. There's about an 80% overlap between the two, primarily in the economic policy arena.
People conflate socialist and social democrat.
I hear Bill's was "JustThaTip69".
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently. In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap. No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc. Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it. Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford. The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke. Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury. That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now. Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015. Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
Because when you see the speech in black and white, you'll start asking "why is this worth $225k again?" Worse, when you compare all of the speeches and find out she's basically saying the same 10 minutes worth of drivel, the only conclusion left to draw is that it was never about the speeches, and always about the cash transfer. She's dragged it out so long people are convinced something nefarious was said, and when it turns out to be just boilerplate corporatism, it will add a metric ton of fuel onto the corruption speculation theories. She should have released the transcripts immediately when challenged. Dragging it out this long has exacerbated the controversy. She's really bad at running for office.
If we can figure out a process that lets people remove fraudulent and incorrect accounts from their credit reports, we can figure out a system that will let people expunge things like this from background checks. We may never be able to remove every record from google, but it's the info returned by the major background check companies that are the primary source of these sorts of problems.
&gt; The fellow that Marco Rubio denounced as a con man has forced the leaders of the party to kneel before him, principles be damned. The deal is done. The ring has been kissed. On with the show. The schadenfreude is strong...
I think that's what they meant by "The ring has been kissed".
I'm Texan, born and bred, and it's been a shame watching what has been done to the state over the last 15 years. I mean, hell. When I was in high school, evolution wasn't a controversy and they taught us actual sex education (complete with handing out rubbers) and out interstate system was one of the best maintained in the country. Now, intelligent design is part of biology coursework, 'abstinence only' has more support than actual education, planned parenthood clinics are dropping like flies, and our bridges are literally falling down.
Sander's is just a target of opportunity because he is more accessible. Hillary keeps a lot tighter control on who she allows near her.
So Hillary works for the big banking firms. Got it.
That's only a small part of it. Most of the current issue can be traced back to [this map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Texas_redistricting_-_2002_and_2004.png), which was the result of the [2003 GOP-led redistricting coup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting).
Do you think Aaron Rodgers picks up the phone when the GM calls?
&gt; automation. It's already here and **as soon as it become less expensive** to replace a worker with a General Purpose Bot, it will be done. Painful times for yet another revolutionary transition. It's not even about the cost. It's already less expensive to buy kiosks than deal with employees. One of the biggest reasons keeping a lot of companies from aggressively transitioning towards kiosks for the majority of retail cashiers is pushback from older generations. It's part distrust of technology, part logistics. Kiosks don't work all that great when grandma wants to throw a wad of expired coupons at the cashier and then write a check, but processes are being streamlined and people are being weaned onto the new system. By the time the majority of the boomers retire, automated cashiers will be ubiquitous.
That entirely depends on the program. Admin costs range from about 2% (Child Care and Development Fund) to over 20% (HUD's public housing program), and this is before fraud is factored in. A UBI would significantly reduce admin costs for any program folded into it, and virtually eliminate fraud (since there would be no means testing).
There'd still need to be something in place for the folks that legitimately can't work (the elderly and disabled). Most plans I have seen call for the programs replaced by a UBI to be the 'gap programs' that are intended to supplement income (food stamps, housing allowances, etc).
&gt; Additionally, we should be able to offer employers more freedom to determine their own wages This is something that I think could help sell the idea to conservatives. It wouldn't be crazy to say that you could entirely eliminate the minimum wage if we had a robust UBI in place. If your basic needs are covered, who am I to say that it's wrong for you to go be a greeter at Walmart for $4 an hour worth of beer money and an employee discount on your 12 packs? It'd be between you and your employer to determine if your time was worth that when abject destitution is taken off the negotiating table.
Not to mention that drugs are expensive, which means poor people are often actually less likely to use than other demographics. And honestly, if the choice is between giving a crackhead a monthly check, or leaving them to their own devices to 'generate their own income', cutting them a check probably does less harm to society. The only downside I see there is the loss of free stimulus to the auto-glass and car stereo industries. ;)
Which would be a huge boon to small-scale entrepreneurs, not to mention having access to a UBI also provides a safety net to folks taking the risks to become entrepreneurs in the first place.
&gt; but re reading i realize you are not excluding the people who make millions of dollars from ubi. For folks in that income bracket, they would still be getting the payment, but it wouldn't be a net gain for them. It's be more of a mini tax refund. &gt; I had run into a person who told me his understanding of ubi was that anyone who currently made more than ubi would not get it. That completely undermines the primary benefits of a UBI by disincentivizing work.
Fair enough point, that's the potential assuming it gets people off the streets and back into society (or prevents them from falling through the cracks in the first place). It's also fair to point out that single payer healthcare is probably a prerequisite to a functioning UBI.
Same for the Walmarts around here. Outside of the 5-7 pm rush, there's usually only 2 or 3 lanes open at the super-centers here. But honestly, the days of the supercenter are probably numbered along with cashiers. Companies like amazon are aggressively moving into the grocery game while also pursuing automation. Combine that with a push towards self-driving cars and it is not inconceivable that a significant number of people will have their groceries delivered directly to their door with zero human interaction within the next 10 years.
I think you'll start to see a shift in grocery stores, more focus on fresh produce and meat, and less packaged items on the shelves. An online vendor can afford to devote more space to specialty goods than a brick and mortar because they're dealing with regional customer traffic, rather than local. That selection is going to sink local supercenters eventually as shipping continues to get cheaper. I already use prime pantry for a lot of my shopping--canned goods, cokes, paper stuff, and toiletries. I go to a local supermarket with a good meat market for pretty much everything else. Amazon is a big reason why Walmart gets almost none of my money these days.
I could also see charities or programs set up like a college dorm. You pony up some percentage of your UBI at the start of the month, and then you get a bed, access to a shared living space, and a seat in the cafeteria during mealtime. With the UBI money rolling in at the start of every month, places like that would be funded much better than current homeless shelters are, which gives them greater ability to provide diversion counseling or job training.
Every so often I still need slim jims and mountain dew at 2 am, but aside from the rare "I need it right now" purchase, I have made a conscious effort to quit giving Walmart my money.
It's not intended to replace the need to work, it's supposed to supplement other wages. For homeless people, it's enough to rent a room and buy food. That's all it's intended to be. Most homeless people do generate some sort of income, either through panhandling, collecting cans, or day labor type stuff. Add $12,000 a year onto what they are already doing, and that's enough to get them off the streets. Get some roommates, and since everyone is drawing the UBI, you can probably keep a relatively comfortable roof over your heads. The intent isn't to replace the need for generating income, just keep people from falling out of the bottom of society without a way to climb back out.
Agreed. Meanwhile, Bernie had this to say: &gt; ["Violence is absolutely and totally unacceptable, and if anybody is thinking about violence, please don't tell anybody you are a Bernie Sanders supporter because those are not the kind of supporters I want."](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/bernie-sanders-addresses-anti-trump-violence-698777667614)
&gt; I think in the vast majority of jobs, conducting some business with your personal email account is just fine. Not hardly. They issue you company email accounts for a reason. I have known several people who have been fired over the years for simply for emailing themselves company spreadsheets to "work on them at home" because they didn't want to be bothered with remoting into a virtual desktop. Company's tend to take a very dim view of people who play fast and loose with proprietary information. Replying to a quick question from your boss via your personal email when you are home is one thing, but refusing to use the required company IT infrastructure in favor of google docs and gmail is just going to lead to a spot in the unemployment line.
It really depends on the company, but in general, if the company has gone through the trouble of setting up it's own network or exchange server, they want all company business conducted on that network. Failure to do so is grounds for dismissal. In your situation, google docs was probably the digital equivalent of 'neutral ground', and smaller companies may not bother to invest in their own IT infrastructure. But in general, if they have it they want you to use it.
[I knew I'd seen that before somewhere.](http://api.theweek.com/sites/default/files/53_174101.jpg?resize=807x807) And there's also [this gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/l41lSmidaVJ1fTxDO/giphy.gif).
Dig a trench on the fence line and fill it with crushed gravel (something coarse), then dirt on top. Most dogs will stop digging when they hit gravel. (I say most, because some dogs are the right combination of hardheaded and retarded. In that case, at least you won't have to trim the nails on their front feet.)
Socialism isn't an opposing force for capitalism, it's a limiter that helps keep capitalism from eating itself.
Pretty much. Capitalist policies are great at incentivizing innovation and encouraging people to put out the effort to keep the economy pumping, but unbridled capitalism will grind people into dust and consume until it collapses under its own unsustainable growth. Socialist policies are great at mitigating risk and spreading the cost of required goods and services around enough so everyone can afford them, and ensuring that the poor aren't ground to paste and used to lube the gears of the market, but pure socialism tends to collapse under the weight of bureaucracy. Some things are best served by the market, and others are poisoned when you inject the profit motive. Until we manage to eliminate all forms of scarcity, society will probably best be served by a robust capitalist market operating alongside a robust social safety net. Swing too far in either direction on the pendulum and things break down.
Succinctly put.
Chickens are definitely domesticated then. They're basically just dumb balls of delicious meat toddling along on two legs at this point.
&gt; The other owners can ask a court to force a sale of the house. Which is a messy process that can be expensive and take a while. Op's dad has leverage. If he can afford it, I'd suggest using his 25% equity to help secure financing and buy out the other siblings, or try and work out a deal to pay them some sort of rent for their portions. Some courts will also require attempts at mediation before they will entertain a partition sale.
Don't fall into the trap of thinking reddit is representative of america. I'm not fan of Clinton either, but just because I won't vote for her doesn't mean every other Bernie supporter feels the same way. Most of Bernie's crowd fear Trump more than they dislike Clinton, and they'll turn out to cast a ballot for her to block him. It still may not be enough. The 5-8% that are true #NeverHillary might very well be enough to tip things in Trump's favor, but the vast majority will turn up to pull the blue lever all the same. &gt; There are other ways to vote against trump than a vote for Clinton. In a first past the post system, voting for anyone other than the two front-runners is a purely symbolic gesture. I wish that wasn't the case, but it's just the reality of math.
Yup. It was a blow to the gut. Only job I have ever been fired from. The shit Clinton pulled would not fly in the private sector. I don't understand why so many folks think she should get a pass for that sort of behavior in the public sector.
I'm still here, and about ready to pack my shit up and get out. The gerrymander coup has done a lot to fuck the state up. It's been painful watching Texas get dragged back into the dark ages over the past decade. The Lone Star State used to have its own unique feel. There was a strong libertarian streak, but thanks to the influence of Houston, Dallas, and Austin, it was a pretty inclusive form of libertarianism. Then the mid term redistricting happened, and we went from the most liberal bastion in the south, to the home of Ted Cruz in about a decade. As I said in other threads in the past, my old high school is now teaching abstinence only sex ed and intelligent design. It's so bad at this point that we're fucking up textbooks for half the country. My old biology teacher must be rolling over in his grave.
The policies that result from gerrymandering affect the voting districts, which means those effects roll up towards the national level.
Personally I think splitting the difference between one man one vote and the electoral college by proportionally allocating electoral college votes based on the popular vote in the state is preferable to the winner take all version we currently have. We've decided the large population centers shouldn't disproportionately affect the outcome of the presidential election, and our solution means that a handful of swing states now disproportionately affect the outcome. Once primary season is over, the democrats don't give a shit about Mississippi, the republicans don't care about California, and both spend way too much time kissing Florida's ass.
I'm not really a fan of living in an area where my vote is purely symbolic and utterly meaningless.
Let's say I am a GOP election official in charge of overseeing the logistics of the election for my district. My district includes a wedge of Houston and about 50 square miles of rural land. I put one polling location 20 minutes outside Houston to serve that portion of my 'constituents', and another dozen in centrally located spots in all the other little rural towns throughout the district. Those urban (democratic) voters have to drive out of their way and then wait in long lines to vote, while all of those rural voters are in and out in 5 minutes. The effect is the urban vote is suppressed in favor of the rural (red) vote.
The vast majority of the current issue in Texas is the result of [the GOP redistricting coup in 2003](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting). Prior to 2004, Republicans haven't held a majority in the Texas State legislature since reconstruction. After the redistricting they gained a supermajority. The map was rewritten again in 2012, [and further entrenched the GOP hold on the state](http://www.chron.com/news/politics/texas/article/This-is-how-badly-Republicans-have-gerrymandered-6246509.php). Since then, the GOP has enacted [voter ID laws that favor certain demographics](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/texass-voter-id-chicanery/2016/05/30/54d7cc96-2450-11e6-9e7f-57890b612299_story.html) (concealed handgun licenses are fine, student ids are not, etc), and confusion around what is or isn't an accepted form of ID [has led to voters just staying home](http://www.mysanantonio.com/opinion/editorials/article/Some-proof-of-Texas-voter-suppression-6444437.php). In the primaries this year, it's all come home to roost[ specifically in Harris county](http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/politics/houston/article/Tuesday-anything-but-super-for-some-Texas-voters-6866932.php) (the home of Houston). Voting locations all across the city were backed up, and one of the excuses for the limited number of voting machines deployed is that the budget had been slashed by the [Texas Secretary of State](https://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/2016/03/02/139941/a-very-high-turnout-and-a-long-ballot-were-factors-for-the-long-lines-on-super-tuesday/).
Stop, stop. You're undermining the narrative. Muh bootstraps!?!!
As much as I like Bernie, this is correct. If it had been Trump v Kasich for the majority of the race, he'd have probably gotten support in a similar ballpark to what Bernie has gotten against Clinton. In the clown car he was just one more bland politician. In a two man race, he'd have been 'Not Trump'.
Some vexatious pro se litigants are lawyers themselves. California has had an epidemic of ADA lawsuits by vexatious litigants, and it's often lawyers or others with legal experience abusing the system for a payday.
&gt; Maybe they live on the other coast and he always tells them he's fine. My grandmother is like this. I've been staying with her to help out, and no one else in my family really realizes how much she's losing it. The problem is she seems perfectly fine in a 20 minute phone conversation with family, and she is very protective of her independence so she tends to lie to cover things up any difficulties she has. I started staying over her to help her more because I found out she was over $1000 overdrawn in her bank account. I had been doing grocery shopping for her, and the last check she wrote me bounced. When I got to digging through her finances, I found out she'd been double or triple paying some of her bills, had like 4 separate subscriptions to Time magazine, and she had been writing incorrect totals for her pension payments for the past 6 months (she reverted to the total she got when my grandpa was still alive, rather than the reduced total for just her). Once I got moved in, I started noticing all the weird little things she does, like ask me to fill up the furnace with oil because she's cold (she doesn't have a furnace), wake me up at 2 am every night because she forgets how to work the thermostat, or wake me up at 5 am every morning to go check on the hogs (no hogs). But when her daughter calls to 'check in', she sounds perfectly lucid. As shitty as it might feel, if the old dude doesn't have a support system, Op will be doing him a favor getting authorities involved.
And spending thousands of dollars to do it, only to have uncle Tom start whispering next week about it, and aunt Jenny the week after that. Defamation suits aren't really great for squashing rumors on a personal level. If Gawker was the one telling everyone he murdered his twin, that'd definitely be worth talking to a lawyer about, but engaging one to deal with a family whisper campaign like this is just a never-ending sinkhole of legal fees for no appreciable return.
I also think it was a troll. Op contradicted half of the statements he made throughout the comments. The whole thing reeked on him making it up as he was going.
They're usually random teenagers making $8 an hour working under one actual groomer. You get an $8 an hour worth of effort most of the time.
[I know who I'm voting for...](http://i.imgur.com/G3KH5yi.jpg)
And humans share about 96% of our DNA with bonobos.
Just follow up periodically with the ombudsman until you hear something. That's probably your best point of contact given the circumstances. Their whole job is to facilitate between navy and their families, and if nothing else, he'll get the information your friend's command.
In a debt collection context, the boss may have misunderstood him as if the person he was calling was claiming he wasn't legally able to contact her to collect the debt.
"You have to vote for Hillary because Trump is so, so much worse," is not the same as making the case that Hillary is actually worth voting for. It isn't enough for her to be 'less bad' than Trump. In some ways, I think she's worse. I don't expect Trump to be all that successful pushing his agendas. I do expect Hillary to be successful, and I don't trust them not to be insidious given the interests that she is beholden to.
Yup. Don't get me wrong, the most zealous of the Sandernistas are pretty damn annoying in their delusional optimism, but the vibe on S4P has always been one of naive optimism or righteous indignation. In contrast, the HRC supporters I have sparred with have almost universally had the sort of smug, condescending mannerisms that I associate with archetype of the "judgemental neighborhood busybody" who is always criticizing something, but never taking action.
It's certainly not every pragmatist who is defending Hillary, it's the 'yaaas queen' true believers who have been lobbing bombs at Bernie's folks since the beginning. If you want some examples, pop on over to /r/hillaryclinton and click around.
The Sanders spam was definitely pretty egregious for a while, and then he was deposed on /r/all for the Donald. But then I don't really count myself as a hardcore Sanders supporter (and I agree with you on the unrealistic expectations of a lot of the crowd), and although some of my posts arguing for realistic expectations from the Bernie true believers got a healthy dose of downvotes, I have never been personally attacked by Sander's fans. From this thread alone, I have received more than a few colorful PMs from the other side that have called into question my parentage and intelligence.
&gt; But look at this sub. It was a halfway decent sub before the election season hit and ever since then it has been... Ah, I see this is your first experience with presidential election season on r/politics.
Be glad you missed the Great Paulbot Wars of '08 and '12. This place is a shit show every time there is a contentious national election. It'll settle back down to 'normal' around april or may of next year.
S4P will actually put up with quite a bit of 'questioning'. You might get hit with a shitload of downvotes if they perceive it as concern trolling, but at least some folks will try and honestly respond, and you won't typically have your comments removed or catch a ban from the sub as long as you keep it civil. The same is not true for the subs dedicated to the other two candidates.
There's no way that Hillary taps him for VP. She can't control him, so she'll marginalize him. His influence ends once the convention is passed. The mainstream media will go back to ignoring him, and the democratic establishment will close ranks to shut him out. If he rocks the boat for Hillary's campaign, the dems will freeze him out in the senate. His only play right now is to maintain his relevancy as long as he can to try and tug the platform back towards the left a bit. Post convention, the only source of influence he will have is his email list.
Pretty much. This election has me ready to build a bunker and invest in popcorn futures.
&gt; [Be our guest...there is no room in the Democratic party for shit like that. Here's your hat, and there's the door....cya. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMTkedIUX8U) k. I hope the general works out for you guys, I guess.
There's two ways to interpret it, so I don't know if you can say that yet. On the one hand, it doesn't seem like he'd endorse her if he thought he'd have to walk it back in the near future, but on the other hand it gives him more deniability when/if he finds himself in the position of needing to hand pick a candidate to succeed her after an indictment. He'd face criticism regardless of the outcome.
You gotta step up your smug game. That's about the 40th time I've heard that one today.
[I think I have decided who I am voting for in November.](https://noneoftheabove.vote/)
[Yup. Headshot.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG-qsBC60Pg&amp;feature=youtu.be)
"Not forbidding it" and "guaranteeing it" are two entirely different standards.
&gt; I'm having a hard time trying to decide if the groups responsible for FOIA requests are incompetent (or just don't give a fuck) or if there were efforts to obfuscate. Why not both?
He has to endorse her to get the party started on unification so things are primed when he hands it off to Biden.
Its almost a guarantee that they'll bring articles of impeachment against her, but they need a 2/3rds majority to carry in the senate. The GOP won't likely have that, so she won't be removed unless the Dems break ranks. What we will have instead is a lame duck president and four years of utter gridlock that will make us pine for how 'reasonable' congress was in the first few years following the passage of the ADA.
Stay home. Drink. Wait for it to be over.
I was old when you were in highschool.
I agree.
They're not a 'real' publisher. They're a vanity press. Op dodged a bullet. Publishers are supposed to pay the author, not the other way around.
The relevant article reads: &gt; “The President, Vice President and all Civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.” — U.S. Constitution, Article II, section 4 It doesn't really specify that the wrongdoing must take place in office, or what 'high crimes and misdemeanors' is. So the correct answer is that the president can be impeached for whatever reason the House of Representatives can come up with, and then secure at least a simple majority vote for when articles of impeachment are drafted. If the investigation doesn't complete until she is already in office, and it returns with a recommendation to indict, the GOP will impeach if they still have the house. Of that I have no doubt. The Senate might kick it back on a legal technicality, or it may never carry the 2/3rds. And all of that is before they even call her to testify on the findings would be an endless number of summons, hauling her in to be interrogated in front of congress, and they'll use the evidence supplied to hit her pointed questions that she won't be able to answer, meaning she'll either be held in contempt or end up perjuring herself. It will be a shitshow if this drags out until after the election.
The incrementalism is one of the things that pisses me the most off about the establishment agenda. They do a little so they can ignore a lot. If the government were a house, and the politician the contractor hired to fix it, it's like they demand payment in full after replacing a broken doorknob even though the kitchen is still on fire, the upstairs bathroom is flooded, the ceiling in the guest bedroom has collapsed, and the basement still has three feet of raw sewage in it.
When the choice has come down to what flavor of criminal you want, it's no wonder folks are a little bent out of shape having the closest thing to an honest politician seen in our lifetime leave the race.
'The other guy' will always be worse in a two party system. Accepting that as reason enough to support your own terrible candidate is how we got to the edge of this precipice.
The democrats can't move any more to 'the middle' without joining the GOP.
That'd be awesome if 'compromise' in the American political system had a definition different than "whatever keeps the general population from rioting while we fondle Wall Street's balls".
Hey, I'm not Trump *or* Clinton. Vote me, 2016!
Sounds about like my plan, Netflix and day drinking.
&gt; Clinton spent decades cultivating corporate donors. Why didn't Bernie sell out? FTFY
Somewhere along the line you got the romantic idea of the document crossed with the legal reality of it. The Constitution was always intended to be a living document that was 100% modular and able to be modified and updated with the times. You have the rights outlined in the document, which hopefully reflect the general consensus of the people at the current time. That consensus can change, and in the infinite wisdom of the founders, they included mechanisms within said document to amend those outlined rights as necessary to stay current. **Edit:** again, this isn't me saying the first ten amendments are likely to change (it would be damn near impossible due to the cultural romanticism surrounding the Bill of Rights), nor that any of them *should* change, but they *could* be changed just like any other amendment.
3rd party is a pipe dream in a 1st past the post system. Best case scenario is one builds up enough momentum to be a spoiler for an election cycle or two, then falls back into obscurity. Federal funding for them is tax dollars wasted. And even so, the only viable 3rd parties are the lolbertarians and the Woo Party, and neither really has anything I want to be associated with.
&gt; Bernie outspent Clinton A pretty common misconception. Bernie outspent Clinton's *campaign*, spending a little over [$200](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?id=N00000528) million to Clinton's $174 million. Of course then you need to factor in the other $40 million spent [on behalf of Clinton through the Superpacs supporting her](https://www.opensecrets.org/pres16/candidate.php?id=N00000019). But I can understand why you would be confused considering the [skewed coverage given the race by the MSM](http://www.npr.org/2016/04/29/476047822/sanders-campaign-has-spent-50-percent-more-than-clinton-in-2016). Maybe Bernie should have [cultivated more connections there too](http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2015/05/clinton-foundation-donors-include-dozens-of-media-organizations-individuals-207228).
The number is actually a little closer to $10 million. But honestly, with the full and obvious support of the DNC establishment, her political brand, and the covert support of other powerful interests (like google), I'm surprised the had to actually dip into her war chest that much. She already had a network in place to fight the one Bernie had to build from scratch. I guarantee her campaign dollars went farther than his. The bills she wracked up beating down his insurgent campaign is honestly one of the biggest pieces of evidence that corroborates just how unpopular she is with the electorate. She's Hillary Goddamned Clinton, and she had to get into a street brawl to knock an elderly great value socialist out of the race.
I'm not old enough to remember McGovern, but I do remember Reagan. I also remember the Blue Dogs, Bill, and how he and his Third Way picked up where Reagan left off and continued to gut the safety net, dismantle financial regulations, and auction off the remains of the middle class to the highest bidders. The DNC sold its soul to neoliberalism under Bill's watch, partly as a response to having their ass handed to them in the wake of McGovern's run, and I am not looking forward to Clinton 2.0 to continue that trend. **Edit:** And as a bit of friendly advice, if you are intent on campaigning for Hillary on reddit "*I don't know how old you are, but"* is a pretty terrible way to start the conversation off. I didn't take offense with your statement, but I can't tell you how many times my damn near 40 year old ass has been called some variation of 'kiddo' by Clintonistas. Implying someone is too young to know better is a pretty good way to get their hackles up.
80% of the population is concentrated in urban centers, but "what about small-town Nebraska" will get trotted out every time someone brings up the minimum wage.
Is the economy actually doing well, or is it just "not currently imploding"? It's hard to tell these days.
&gt; because it is clearly frustrating to both new and old voters That's not a bug, it's a feature.
&gt; especially since the Vote of No Confidence overwhelmingly came from the next generation of voters That was a very succinct way of putting it. Both Sanders and Trump represent a vote of no confidence for the establishment, and voters are becoming increasingly willing to vote for *anyone* who doesn't 'look' like a politician. If Clinton manages to slither into office, [I can only imagine who might end up as 'serious' candidates in the next cycle](http://imgur.com/gallery/6MFLojh) if this trend continues.
Watch Trump stall out and throw a tantrum for a couple of years.
I'd vote for Terry Crews (in character, or out) over both of the current front-runners in a heartbeat.
[She supports whatever is popular when running for office, then 'evolves' towards whatever is politically expedient while in office.](http://i.imgur.com/uDSPOoY.jpg) She's Schrodinger's democrat, able to be on both sides of hot-button issues at the same time.
The 'other guy' will always be worse, and both parties will use fear of the other guy to cover their own shortcomings. As long as you keep eating whatever shit they put in front of you, they have no incentive to change the menu.
It means protest votes. Expending the effort to actually turn out only to vote "none of the above" sends a much stronger message than staying home because it tells the political parties that you are politically active, but withholding your consent to their bullshit. Even 3-5% NotA votes would send a pretty damn clear message that people are pissed off at the games (and it sends the message even clearer than 3rd party votes do).
As someone who will never vote Hillary, I agree with that assessment. The resolve of most of the #neverhillary crowd won't survive the next six months of democratic fearmongering directed at Trump. Most of the folks who are *Never Hillary* today will turn out to vote against Trump in November. That said, I think voter turnout on both sides of the aisle will be abysmal this cycle. The campaigns of both parties is fueled primarily by hatred of the other side (beyond a small, vocal base), and that isn't how you generate voter turnout. And *that* trend, rather than the #neverhillary push, may be what sinks her. If Trump's rabid fanbase survives and keeps pushing, Hillary is going to lose due to the enthusiasm gap.
And that exact line of reasoning is how we got to this point. "If you don't vote for my guy, it's your fault when the villain on the other side wins". There will always be another villain, a reason why I *have* to fall in line with the establishment. But guess what, my support is not unconditional. I'd rather vote for what I want and lose, that vote for what I don't and win.
I think you accidentally posted this in the wrong sub. I'm as wary of CtR shills as the next guy, but this seriously belongs on /r/conspiracy.
It's not always nefarious. Reddit is held together with bubblegum and duct tape. Sometimes its server sync issues.
Just look at what happened in the microcosm of reddit when the CtR announcement hit. I'm not a fan of Hillary, but I am sympathetic to the sheer amount of bullshit her legit supporters get on /r/politics in the wake of that press release. Announcing Barrier Breakers gave anyone who dislikes Hillary carte blanche to accuse all of her real supporters of being paid shills. I half believe they made that announcement specifically to provoke abuse against her supporters in a bid to martyr them.
&gt; You do know many places can get access to the same OEM screens Apple use, right? There's no such thing as a legit OEM parts available outside Apple's supply chain unless you're buying stuff that "fell off a truck". The folks manufacturing Apple hardware only sell to Apple. Anyone claiming they have legit Apple parts for sale at volume are lying to you (probably to jack up the price). That said, there is a huge variation if the quality of replacement screens on the market, and there are some 3rd party parts that are of similar build quality, but they're still essentially counterfeits of the real thing.
As a white man married to a black woman, I'm going to politely go ask my bitch if she wants to fuck.
Part of having a degree shows (at the very minimum) you can stick to a schedule, follow instructions, find information, and have a grasp for the jargon used in the field they are hiring you into. The other side is requiring a degree is just '*the way things are done'*. It's kind of a right of passage. They have a degree, the people that hired them had one, and requiring folks with a college education tends to select for a specific social class and guarantee a shared culture.
It's not shadowbanning. It's server sync issues. It's the weekend and reddit is under heavy load because of the news today. The duct tape holding their servers together is starting to catch on fire.
It's server sync issues. Not shadowbans. Refresh and you'll get served a different cached copy of the page with different comments visible.
In the following 20 years, the people who started without degrees have mostly retired or moved on, and the culture has changed. I'm not saying it's an awesome turn of events for secretaries to be required to have a 4 year degree in business administration to make $12 an hour while answering phones and setting appointments, but in an anemic economy with a shitload of underemployed folks with student loans to pay for, employers can afford to be choosy. It's a buyer's market.
Server sync issues.
That's exactly the sort of rational response she will approach this with, and exactly the sort of reasoned response that will fall flat. Things like terror attacks, particularly one as highly charged as this, provoke an emotional response. Trump will respond with an emotional answer, and people will resonate with that far stronger than a conversation on gun control and foreign policy. This plays 100% to Trump's rhetoric. The fact that the gunman in this case acquired his guns **legally** undermines Hillary's.
It's hard to look presidential while ducking out on interviews and dodging the media. You're right, the public has the memory of a goldfish, and he will give a hundred impromptu interviews that will be covered constantly, drilling his face and voice into people's heads every single news cycle, and she will release the occasional official statement that is covered as a footnote. He is out and in front of the cameras every day, unafraid of the press. She is not. He'll act, she'll respond. This attack has played right into his 'xenophobic rhetoric', and regardless of what you might want to believe, the majority of Americans are going to be nodding along to that rhetoric in the wake of "the largest Islamic terror attack since 9/11".
&gt; The majority of Americans are not xenophobic bigots. I truly wish that was the case, but I think you'll find out over the next few months that this is wishful thinking on your part. 55% of Americans had an unfavorable view of Islam *before* this attack. Now a guy has declared allegiance to ISIS right before committing the largest mass shooting in US history at a gay nightclub. It's a hate-crime flavored terrorist attack that happened out of the blue in a swing state with a history of deciding presidential elections. Truly let the nuances of this situation sink in before you place too much faith in the reasonable nature of the average American.
And the other side will say you don't have to be a bigot, or ban a religion, to want strong borders and take extra steps to keep 'Islamic radicals' out of the country. The problem is you think I am on the other side of this issue. I want what you do. I'm a far-left liberal who wants common-sense gun control and an inclusive, peaceful society. But mankind is not a rational animal, we are *rationalizing* animals, and this attack plays right into Trump's nationalist / emotional brand while shutting off the parts of the brain required to parse Hillary's reasoned response.
Yup. This theory had instilled so much hope for something awesome this episode, and instead we got her recovering overnight from vicious stab wounds and Jaqen shrugging and watching her leave after she tells him she quits.
This is mostly me just riffing off the theories posted in this sub. It just irks me that this huge arc with Arya, full of character growth and training montages, ends with her basically punching herself in the face and reloading an earlier save file.
Yup. CNN had "Hillary willing to call Orlando attack ‘radical Islamism’" scrolling across the bottom of the screen when I visited my grandmother earlier. The news story is now about how she is responding to Trump rather than addressing the act itself. He's in the lead, and she is following. I'll say again what I said right after this terrible mess happened, that attack handed Trump the White House.
Either the regulations should apply equally to everyone, or no one. There's no transparency or public oversight for secret terrorist lists or FBI investigations, and lack of rights connected to secret lists is a terrible, slippery slope.
Before they add regulations like that, they need to add the processes to those 'lists' that keep due process intact. That would mean you would need to be informed that you were under investigation and had been added to a 'list of suspected terrorists', and be given a legal mechanism to remove your name from the list. Adding regulations that make it impossible for you to purchase firearms because the FBI decided to add you to some list in secret is the same as giving the FBI the ability to deny the purchase of firearms to anyone, for any reason, with no oversight. That's a huge step up in federal power (and this comes from someone who is not a huge fan of guns). It is imperative that we protect the rights of the worst among us, or lose them for the rest of us. [First they came](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_they_came_...), and all that.
The FBI will never agree to notifying people when they are under this sort of investigation, nor should they. But certain people may push the knee jerk solution you did earlier in this thread of denying people on these 'lists' due process. That is an extremely dangerous position to take. Once you deny due process in one avenue, it creates legal precedent and can metastasize into many other places without legislative oversight.
Agreed. As national values push towards the more liberal end of things, a not insignificant number of home grown fundamentalists are in the process of self-radicalizing. As the christian right's power continues to decline, more people will respond by turning to terrorism to fight the 'culture war'.
"Mainstream" Christians who practice charity and stick to the 'love thy neighbor' edict are great, but the [only difference between Y'allqaeda and radical Islam is degree](http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2016/06/12/christian-pastor-celebrates-nightclub-massacre-theres-50-less-pedophiles-in-this-world/).
Washington is in a bubble. Once you've been in office for a few decades, relying on aids to mediate between you and the people who elected you, you forget how 'regular' people live. The same thing happens to celebrities. Once you're insulated form the world for a while, you essentially fossilize and stop keeping up with the changes in the culture around you.
That sound you heard when they first released the shooter's name was the Christian right sighing in relief.
I believe we have an unhealthy relationship with guns in this country, but we're in too deep and there are no easy answers that don't include a systemic overhaul (from mental health reform, to education, to income inequality, to gun legislation). There's no such thing as "sensible gun control" that doesn't completely overhaul the system, beginning by addressing the drivers of violence, and ending with legal reform. Everything is interconnected, and there is no magic bullet that will fix the problem.
&gt; I have said that many times today and someone always goes "Mexico!" as if a failed narco state is a valid argument against all the other nations where it does work. Just like people always toss Australia into the gun debate, but fail to acknowledge that it's separated from its nearest neighbor by about 200 miles of water, has only two cities with more than about 500,000 people (the 10 largest cities in the US have a larger population than Australia), and it has a total population smaller than Texas sprawled out in a country nearly the size of the US.
And black male attacks are "gang related" instead of terrorism.
More than that, there are reports that he may have been in the closet himself. Take his religion out of the mix, and this has all the makings of many stories that have come before of an unhinged, self-hating guy who couldn't reconcile his sexuality with his conservative upbringing, and eventually popped under the pressure.
Yea. This. My wife has asthma and bad seasonal allergies, and that combo can easily cause a secondary infection and lead to pneumonia. Every year when the ragweed starts dropping pollen she has to be very careful or she ends up in the hospital. I can't imagine what would happen if a roommate suddenly decided to start growing it as a houseplant.
Unfortunately there are 'Christians' out there gloating about the attack. Homosexuals are less than human in the minds of some evangelicals, and even if they aren't applauding what happened, there are many (in their heart of hearts) who think the folks in Orlando "reaped what they sowed". As someone from a Southern state, I can attest just that as yet more acquaintances and family members were purged from my Facebook feed over the last 24 hours for that sort of vitriol, which seems to happen after every similar tragedy.
The "religious right" is a specific politically active and loosely connected coalition that wield a lot of power, with the biggest being primarily the Mormons, CBN, the American Center for Law and Justice, Christian Advocates Serving Evangelism, Falwell Ministries, and the Liberty Council. There are others, but those are some of the biggest movers and shakers in the political arena. When people refer to the religious right, they're not saying "all religious people lean right," they're referring to those specific groups, which are primarily Southern and Midwestern protestants, Mormons, and evangelicals (which all skew pretty far to the right).
&gt; about a showing at noon on Wednesday but no one shows until 9:00pm Wednesday. When they show up at 9pm for a real-estate showing, the correct response is to politely answer the door wearing nothing but tighty whiteys and an erection and tell them you didn't expect them to be nine hours late, but they're welcome to come in and have a quick look around. Bonus point are awarded if you have loud porn going on the TV and a bottle of hand lotion and box of tissues is visible on the coffee table.
There's nothing wrong with political strategy. The issue is that when you don't have some underlying set of values, *everything* is negotiable. Bernie has a history of compromising with the other side to work towards his goals, but his compromises are still informed by his values. Hillary seems to have a history of compromising her *values* to accomplish her goals, and that is a very different political animal.
Have you ever considered that it wasn't a media plot, and that negative coverage might just be because Hillary is a weak candidate with a scandal-plagued history, mixed track record, and demeanor that engenders a lack of trust? Could it be that some of the criticism is actually warranted, and not the result of a "vast, right-wing conspiracy"?
The problem is you have confirmation bias. You're ignoring Hillary's inherent faults as a candidate along with the different strategies of both Bernie and Trump. She gets "held to a higher standard" mostly because she has a bad habit of contradicting herself. She's been on both sides of so many positions that every interview is full of landmines and booby traps, so she doesn't give unscripted interviews. Because she doesn't answer direct questions, the media is left to speculate. When they speculate, things tend to turn negative. She could address things directly, but apparently her advisors have decided to stay the course. Bernie was immune to similar attacks because his values and statements have been largely consistent over the years. Additionally, he outright refused to answer leading questions, and had a tendency to launch into his stump speech at any provocation. It was the political version of how Daniel Radcliffe trolled the paparazzi by always wearing the same outfit. You don't keep taking pictures (or asking questions) if the result is always the same. Trump just straight up lies or tries to use jedi mind tricks when called out, which shouldn't work, but he combines it with generating so much "new content" that he shoves his old statements out of the news cycle by replacing them with new ones. He's basically doing the political equivalent of shitposting dank memes. 90% of what he says may be garbage, but the other 10% goes viral and pushes the garbage off the front page. My personal problem with Hillary is lack of trust. Bernie's years in office proved that he's willing to compromise his goals, but not his values. Hillary has a tendency to compromise her values in service to her goals. She's a product of the "Third Way" democratic coalition her husband played a major role in. It was a very politically callous and calculated movement that changed the face of the party (in my view) for the worse. She's what every Third Way democrat is, a collection of center-right economics married to center-left social policy, but takes it a step further with an aggressive foreign policy. She will probably be great for women's issues, and pretty good for LGBT rights, but it's very likely that her economic policies will be far off from what a lot of progressives want, and her foreign policy means at least another decade of playing in the sandbox. I don't think most rational democrats really believe she'd be worse than Trump, but depending on what their pet issues are, she may not be a hell of a lot better. Criticism of her is pretty damn valid for a lot of reasons. She's a weak, scandal-plagued candidate with a habit of 'evolving' based on political expedience rather than inherent values. This may get me some down-votes, but I seriously doubt she'd be considered a 'front runner' in the party aside from her name and her sex. A lesser known candidate with her issues would have never made it through the vetting process to get to the first debate stage, and even a Bill Clinton clone would have likely been discouraged from running given the currently looming investigation. She's sitting at the head of the DNC right now because the Clinton's essentially control it. The pieces for her run started being moved into place eight years ago, and even so, an unknown insurgent candidate managed to force her into a bloody street brawl that never should have been as long and as bitter as it was given her advantages.
I went through the pictures and my imagination was on fire, then I click on the comments and I am disappoint.
&gt; Furthermore, she's still one of the most effective lawmakers. More so than sanders for example. That's not really true, for someone working from outside the two party system his entire time in office, he was the "[roll call amendment king from 1995 to 2007](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/24/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-was-roll-call-amendment-king-1995-2/)", meaning he got more of his amendments into legislation than any other sitting senator during those years, and he's the fourteenth most prolific for amendments in the history of the country. He's done a *tremendous* amount to push his agenda on the floor, and helped to shape a significant amount of *real* legislation that eventually became law. On top of that, he was a key member of the Veteran's Affairs Committee, and helped broker a bipartisan deal to get it out of gridlock and pass meaningful reforms to begin to address the egregious benefits delays veterans were (and are) facing. He's been getting shit done for decades, the primary difference is he was actually working rather than seeking the national spotlight. &gt; Also, she left her time as Secretary of State as one of the most popular of all time. Her career is not nearly as tainted as you're implying. Moreover, she's also consistently one of the most admired women. She bailed before the mess could catch up with her. Her tenure has been called into question through a host of issues [that didn't immediate reveal themselves](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hillary_Clinton%27s_tenure_as_Secretary_of_State#Post-tenure_issues), from her involvement with Libya, to accusations of financial corruption revolving around defense contractor accounting, to the recent email investigation. However, if those were the only issues surrounding her, one could extend her more of the benefit of the doubt, but her career [has been plagued with accusations of corruption for decades](http://www.npr.org/2016/06/12/481718785/clinton-scandals-a-guide-from-whitewater-to-the-clinton-foundation). People can blame it on right wing witch hunts if they like, but that is a whole lot of smoke for there to be no fire.
People need to keep in mind that Australia is separated from it's nearest neighbor by about 200 miles of water, it has only ~~two~~ six cities with more than about 500,000 people (the 10 biggest cities in the US have a combined population greater than Australia's), and their total population is lower than that of Texas, in a landmass nearly the size of the US. And all of that is before you even get into the cultural differences. Their successes in gun control won't easily be recreated here.
The focus on assault rifles is a smokescreen. In terms of numbers, handguns kill far, far more people on a daily basis, mostly due to how easy they are to transport and conceal. An attack like Orlando is sensational and visceral, and assault rifles conjure scary images because of them, but they are ultimately a drop in the bucket compared to the average of 11,000 firearm homicides that happen every year. If you banned assault rifles tomorrow (after you actually define the difference between an 'assault rifle' and 'just a rifle'), it'd only be a matter of time before someone takes a legal glock, buys a hundred round drum and a sear kit online, and sprays another crowd somewhere. The problems driving gun violence are systemic (from mental health failings to income inequality), and we're in too deep to slap an assault rifle ban shaped bandaid over the problem and actually have a measurable result.
Before you're likly to see the same results as Australia, you're going to need to convince 90% of the US population to move, dig a moat around the country a couple of hundred miles wide, and then address the totally different gun culture we have here. Some of that sweet socialized medicine may not be too bad an idea, either, so folks can get a little more access to mental health care.
&gt; complete background checks You mean like NICS? Background checks are another smokescreen, because they are already happening for the majority of purchases, but they're too easily defeated by the secondary market. The only way background checks become effective is if guns are essentially titled like cars and all private transfers registered with the government, and that is a much tougher sell to the sovereign citizen crowd.
Australia and the US are roughly the same size. This is the population density [down under](http://www.aph.gov.au/binaries/library/pubs/rp/1999-2000/2000rp09-01.gif), and here it is [at home](http://www.mapofusa.net/us-population-map.gif). Population density has a direct correlation to crime while simultaneously increasing the difficulty in policing it. Dense population centers are like pressure cookers creating shitheads. The more people interacting in a space, the more opportunities for violence to occur. Australia has the advantages of needing to police a much smaller area of land (most of the population hugs the coasts while the interior is largely empty), and having an overall lower density of people even in the primary population centers.
Now sell that idea to the NRA.
The problem is incremental changes essentially amount to the same security theater as the TSA. We feel like we're accomplishing something, but there is no measurable success from the inconvenience you inflict. Fixing our "gun problem" means addressing the entire system if you want to see results. The legislation comes last, if you want it to do any good, otherwise it's ineffective and becomes evidence for not even trying in the future. That means a complete overhaul that attacks the drivers of violence (mental health and poverty), along with completely changing the American culture (you won't fix the problem without buy in from the vast majority of the public), and the cherry on top of that is probably amending the constitution (and that's pretty damn hard). By the time we get all that sorted out, you'll be able to download an assault rifle and print it off at home, and then it's all moot again. At this point in our society, the ubiquitous nature of guns is a foregone conclusion. They've always been a part of American culture, and they always will be. If you want to keep seeing violence go down (and despite what the media may tell you, violence has been steadily declining since the 90's), you need to address the things driving violence, not the tools people use to commit it.
Sure you do. The NRA is a powerful lobby with deep purse strings and a defined message, and on the other side you have a poll that says *Fifty-five percent of Americans want laws covering the sale of firearms to be "stricter than they are now"*. That's a very nebulous position that has changing support depending on how strict, and which firearms you're talking about. To some people that means universal background checks, to others it means banning assault rifles, and to some it means banning everything. That means you're herding cats and trying to build consensus for what "stricter than they are now" actually means in real life, and on the other side you have an organized political machine actively working against you to muddy the waters and hit your elected representatives where it hurts (in their fundraising accounts).
Because Japanese people are weird. Seriously though, Tokyo's uniquely low crime rates are a product of the unique culture. You can cherry pick outliers all night long. There's always going to be weird examples on the far ends of the bell curve, but nothing that works in Tokyo is going to work to give us magically lower crime rates here unless you manage to transplant the Japanese culture that makes it work along with it.
Well, keep up with the optimism, I guess.
I'm not sure you understand how math works. [Here's Texas superimposed over Australia](http://www.texasmonthly.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/23/2015/01/australia.png). Texas has about 3.5 million more people than all of Australia. The greater Houston area has a population of 6.2 million alone (that's more than a quarter of Australia's total population). The greater Sydney area (the largest city in Australia) has 4.6 million. The population density in Houston is 3,371.7 people per square mile. The population density of Sydney is about 599.3 persons per square mile. Despite the fact that a slightly greater percentage of people in Australia live in urban areas, those urban areas have a lower overall population density than urban areas in the United States.
HOAs don't really propagate because living under them is awesome, they're mostly created to protect the investments of developers. That they do the same for owners is mostly incidental. The problem is that once the developers sell off an move on, the HOA persists, and then the bureaucracy they leave behind either tends to atrophy due to apathy, or become populated by neighborhood busybodies with napoleon syndrome.
Yeah, but 4chan loves a good story about crazy hoarders. It might be ignored, or it may end up grabbing their imagination. If that happens, people will start calling the number, and since 4chan hates indiscriminately, it's inevitable that some of the people calling will be telling the person that their neighbors posted it specifically to add more fuel to the fire.
A bridge is another option instead of implants, and that'd be about half the cost. Cosmetically the result would be the same for front teeth, but you'll probably be cutting up your apples for the rest of your life.
&gt; possible to dissolve a HOA It depends. The HOA covenant may spell out how it can be terminated, or your state may have laws that dissolves them automatically if they are not registered periodically (but the terms may be as long as 30 years). But it's also good to remember that HOAs are democratic organizations. If you can rouse enough of your neighbors to a little grass roots action, you can strangle it even if you can't get rid of it. If the majority of the people in the HOA don't want it, but can't actually get rid of it, you can run for leadership positions, vote to give away or sell off the property owned by the HOA, reduce the dues to zero, then cease enforcing the covenants. It may rise from the dead in the future, but them's the breaks.
Most HOAs are no big deal (and can even be kinda ok), but the ones who are bad seem to be nightmares. My suggestion is to pick the shittiest looking house on the block where you are shopping, knock on the door, and ask how they feel about their HOA. If they don't immediately fly into a frothing rage, you'll probably be fine. If you do find yourself living under an HOA, it really does behoove you to be involved. The big problem with a lot of them is they tend to end up being a little tribal, and just being acquainted with the folks running it can head off a lot of problems. Also, if you're attending the meetings (they're usually pretty rare, just once or twice a year) you won't be surprised with changes, and the best way to keep them from going of the rails in the first place is participation by the homeowners.
Op would need to post the contract language from his closing documents. A 'civic improvement association' is usually a non-governmental non-profit with no power, but they can sometimes be a stealth phrase that some HOAs have rebranded themselves with since people hate HOAs so much. If it is just the HOA, I can't imagine he could be penalized for not following their standards without either being a member, or having those standards and penalties outlined in the contract (which would effectively make him a non-dues paying member). If it isn't the HOA, I can't imagine he'd be able to be penalized unless they sue him for breach of contract, and they certainly couldn't place a lien on his property unless it was spelled out explicitly in something Op signed. I think there's one of two explanations for this, either Op is misreading that language in the contract and they actually are part of the HOA, or the HOA is full of shit and its only power in the situation is reporting Op to the city for breaking ordinances.
#**THE SMALLEST!**
I was reading an article about it a month or two back that was basically Colorado police hand wringing about how they're still chasing a ton of illegal weed dealers. What they meant was there are still people who'd rather spend $50 to buy an ounce of shitty weed from a dealer than $200 an ounce at a shop. The overhead of running a brick and mortar, and taxes, has definitely incentivized a black market willing to undercut the prices.
Can I catch a ride? I don't think I want to live on this planet anymore.
This is a possible explanation for the "why" part of the simulation theory of the universe. What do you do to create new human consciousnesses if you are a human civilization that has moved beyond biological procreation? Creating a system that simulates the "meat parts" of the process, and allows the consciousness to form and mature within an authentic environment would be one option. Sort of an organic approach to artificial intelligence coding.
And honestly for good reason. I can get behind armed security at bars, but booze and guns don't mix all that well otherwise.
I have a feeling they are already trying to beg / bribe / force him out of the race behind the scenes. Whether that will work, or not, is a big question. This honestly has already been such a shit show of an election, it wouldn't surprise me if they just outright revolted at the convention and picked someone else. It's a race for hate votes at this point, and Trump hate is winning over Hillary hate.
There is a small part of me who still expects Trump to step out of the race after the convention, [and endorse Hillary.](http://www.usapoliticstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/TrumpBClinton.png)
Hating them is fine, but all of them hating you falls under the [asshole rule](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG4hOjJ9tEs).
It's not even about 'not liking guns'. Firearms don't commit violence themselves, they just make committing it easier. We've already got more guns in circulation than people, without near universal buy-in from the population, there is no realistic future where any sort of ban is going to have more than a statistically irrelevant effect of firearm deaths. It would be far more effective to address the variables driving violence than try to regulate the tools used to commit it. Human beings are tool using animals. When we don't have access to the tools we need, we make or modify others to solve the problem. If you somehow manage to make it so that 'someone who shouldn't have a gun' can't get access through secondary markets or failures of bureaucracy, all that means is they will find a new tool to do what they intend to do. Without an assault rifle, the next Orlando will just be caused by an improvised explosive, arson, a just a truck driven through the middle of a crowd, or any number of other ways people can cause mass casualty when something in them breaks and they have no support system to recognize it. We'd all be served much better by addressing the forces driving violence, rather than the symptoms. Weapons bans are like trying to save a gunshot victim by giving blood transfusions, rather than stitching the wound closed.
You need to ask the lawyer what authority the civic improvement organization has to issue violations. Most such organizations are nonprofit "clubs", not governmental entities. Unless they're connected to the local government, or you've somehow fallen under the purview of the HOA, they should have no more ability to place a lien on your house than the Salvation Army.
And that is the question. [What does the staff actually spend its time doing.](http://www.wsj.com/articles/who-needs-the-clinton-foundation-1429281258)
If the dad has checked out and is refusing to help, Op needs a guardianship to navigate the FAFSA requirements. I was in the same boat with a deadbeat dad who wouldn't assist me back in the day, and it's the reason I got married young. You're stuck needing your parent's financial info until you're 25, get married, have a kid, or join the military and if they're refusing to provide it, the whole process stalls. The reason I say guardianship (or some other sort of custody order) is the federal government is also going to want tax and financial information from the mother, which sounds like another can of worms. Another option is to encourage him to go a route other than college. Trade and apprenticeship programs are very good alternatives that often have a much lower bar to get into and pay for.
CPS needs to be involved. You need some sort of official guardianship or custody order if you want to have any hope of navigating the financial aid system when it comes time. They're going to want to know financial information from both parents, not just the dad who is checked out, and anything that is out of the ordinary causes the process to stall. Even with you assuming that role, there are going to be headaches, but you will at least be able to address them when things get kicked back to you. Having to chase down the dad, or get waivers for the mom who is not in the picture, is going to be very difficult unless there are formal documents establishing who the 'estimated family contributions' are going to be coming from. He'll need to rehash this every year until he's 25, barring major life events.
She'll never trust you again Op. That's the look of utter betrayal.
The best part is when they run by the bricklayers at around 1:08, and only like one dude even bothers to spare a glance towards the two madmen bouncing down the street.
It's been some years since I was in school, but it was a nightmare trying to get financial aid with a dad that I was estranged from, but who was also making a whole lot of money. The bureaucracy in the process isn't flexible, and the success with navigating it really depends on how helpful the aid reps choose to be. I kept running into bored and disinterested administrators who viewed my difficulties as an annoyance, but me and the wife are still together all these years later, so things worked out. /u/OHAnon posted a lot more detailed information in the thread, if you didn't see it. They have more direct experience than I do, and posted some specifics that should give you some options.
Ted Cruz is a real life example of the Uncanny Valley. You can just tell his lizard brain is in the driver's seat when you look at him, and it triggers those ancient, primal instincts that demand you either flee to safety, or bash it with a rock.
I tell them they can't come in because my german shepherd is a retired police dog and he gets aggressive with strangers.
Our shepherd isn't aggressive, but he's definitely assertive. He's only been through basic obedience, but is from a working line and the "guard the flock" instincts run pretty strong in him. He's never even suggested he'd bite anyone, but he does seem to have a switch that flips when he reads concern in my wife's body language around certain strangers. He's never growled or snapped at anyone, but he has a "high alert" mode where he stands next to my wife and gives people the stink eye.
There was some definite foreshadowing in that scene.
You might suggest they check with any drug rehab nonprofits or homeless outreach places in town and explain the problem to them. If they can't help directly, they might be able to put him in touch with someone who would be willing to put a sharps bin on the premises and handle the emptying, especially if the owner consents to putting a donation bucket on the counter for them.
Everyone would technically get the basic income, but at a certain earning point it would be an offset to taxes rather than a net gain, kind of like a monthly tax refund for the folks in the high income brackets.
Some people just won't succeed no matter how many tools you give them, but even folks who can't keep their shit together would be better off than they are under the current system, as would the rest of society. Think of it this way, if you're cutting every junkie a monthly $1000 check, that's more than $1000 worth of criminal damages per month that they don't need to do to feed their vice, whatever it may be. The UBI could also theoretically be used as a deterrent if fines where pulled out before the deposits were made. People are risk averse by nature. Losing something that is already "yours" is inherently given more weight by the brain than gaining something that isn't.
I could see some 'social programs' that were essentially funded by the UBI. Rather than a homeless shelter that depended on charitable fundraising, there might be a nonprofit organization that provided people with dorm style living arrangements and a cafeteria that served three hot meals a day in return for signing over some percentage of their UBI. The folks who can't really keep their own shit together could make use of those services, and since everyone staying in the "shelter" would be contributing to the expenses, they'd likely have the funds to provide social work and other services.
The other side of that for business owners is with a robust enough UBI, you could do away with minimum wage. When starvation is taken off the table, low income employees have more ability to say no to terrible situations. If they decide $4 an hour worth of beer money is worth their time as a Walmart greeter, there's no real downside to letting the market sort out the wages.
$12,000 a year doesn't go all that far.
"Start."
I think it's more urban vs rural that has these demographics leaning democrat. There are Asian enclaves all over the south, but they're almost always in the larger population centers like Houston. I think the same usually holds true for Jewish people. You don't see too many cattle ranchers wearing yarmulkes.
You can't save someone from themselves. You can give them all the tools to survive, but you can't make them pick them up and put them to use. You might be able to save someone else a broken window and missing TV, however.
Hillary's support is built on a combination of the grim resignation of life-long democratic voters, and her being "not Trump" for the independents, and that is indeed a very shaky foundation. The former will pull the lever for any blue candidate, but she'd lose a significant number of the latter to anyone who can at least pretend to be respectable. She's one of the weakest frontrunners in modern history who simply had the good fortune to be paired up against the most repugnant.
At this point in the series, I have stopped attributing nonsensical actions taken by the characters to anything other than bad writing. I'm pretty sure she withheld the information for no other reason than the writers needed her to do that so they could have the climactic turning point where the surprise knights rode in to save the beleaguered heroes.
He went into it expecting to be a longshot with no chance at the nomination. He stayed away from Clinton's skeletons because he didn't want to risk a GOP win. By the time he realized he had a legitimate chance, it was too late to really course correct. Dragging her through the mud would tank her prior to the nomination, but still probably couldn't secure the win for him.
Anybody else ready to hit the fast forward button on this whole mess?
I'll admit it. Trump seemed like he was crazy like a fox (and pretty much unstoppable) just a month or two ago. Now he's crashing like the Hindenburg. I've never been happier watching someone flame out like this. The only thing that would make me even more pleased is if the shitstorm chasing Hillary finally manages to overtake her.
Explaining it doesn't really matter. People may be able to understand what a trillion is on an abstract conceptual level, but they will never really be able to understand it on an intrinsic level. The brain just isn't equipped to deal with numbers that large beyond scribbled notes on paper. When you tell someone, "she had a 1 in 31 trillion chance to succeed," the brain hears, "she had a really small chance to succeed". [Then her supporters reply like this.](http://i.imgur.com/WHGi867.gif) It's why people gamble. Odds are essentially meaningless to us beyond raw concepts.
It just means you get to downvote him 20 times for one stupid comment. That's a lot of downvote value for one shit comment.
And none of those regulations would be worth more than a fart in the wind as long as you can buy whatever you want in the parking lot at Arby's from some dude you got in touch with over craigslist. These regulations they are proposing are smoke and mirrors. They'll have no effect unless they also plan to track (and require background checks) for private sales.
If you are not charged with a crime, you don't lose your rights. That's how due process work. Being under surveillance is not the same as being guilty. There are a lot of innocent people on various watch lists. Being able to strip those people of rights, or even unnecessarily inconvenience them in their attempts to exercise their rights, is a dangerous power to hand off to a law enforcement agency. One thing we have learned over and over again is that when you give a law enforcement agency a new power, they ~~ab~~use it.
What do you think they would suddenly do differently during that arbitrary two weeks? What this law is going to morph into is turning an attempt to buy a firearm into a bastardized version of probable cause. [The no fly list is already an arbitrary mess that people can get tangled up in for the dumbest of reasons.](http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2015/12/07/reminder-the-terorrism-nofly-list-could-easily-contain-your-name-n2090088) This would incentivize the FBI to add more people to it because it would essentially allow them to trigger in depth investigations without other cause, and the worst part is it will have no real result aside from the headaches it inevitably causes for law abiding citizens.
You only need a license to sell firearms for **commercial profit**. Private sales are 100% legal in every state in the country, and only a very few states require any special steps like background checks or going through a licensed dealer. In the vast majority of states it's as simple as handing the gun over and collecting the cash.
I'm no fan of Hillary either, but with a username like "TRUMP_FOR_EMPEROR", I'm not sure you are part of the voter demographic she expects to get in any scenario.
They can call anything they want insubordination, but you can file a wage claim and will likely be able to claim unemployment if they separate you for asking questions about getting paid. However, you may want to verify if you are actually getting paid for you post-midnight time before burning any bridges. Do you still clock out at the end of the post-midnight shifts?
The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one's time defending scoundrels. For it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all. ~H. L. Mencken
&gt; 89 people killed everyday due to gun violence. And 53 of those 89 are self inflicted, and none of those 89 (statistically) were killed by assault rifles. This whole push is a callous political move to appear tough on guns, and would simultaneously be utterly ineffectual in actually saving lives. If people were serious about reducing gun crimes, handguns and private sales would be much more relevant targets to regulate, but the goal would be better served expending the political capital to address the factors that are actually driving violence, rather than the tools used to commit it.
There are a lot of instances of the blind leading the blind in restaurants like McDonald's. It could be a simple misunderstanding on both sides, it could be a shift manager trying to hide how long it is taking them to close, or it could be a calculated effort to shave labor. In my experience, there's about an equal chance for any of those scenarios, but two of them can be sorted out with a simple conversation with upper management.
I spent about 15 years in the industry, and four of those years was as an auditor for corporate. Part of my duties would be going 'under cover' as a relief manager to help out at a location for a week or two before doing a formal audit. Shady shit was pretty much universal, but a lot of it could be explained with incompetence, rather than malice. "I didn't know I couldn't do that" was a common refrain.
In most places in the US, overtime won't kick in for hourly fast food employees unless they go over 40 for the week. The length of the shift generally won't matter. This sort of situation will usually only effect overtime if your shift happens to fall on the night when the accounting week clicks over to a new week. You might be making time and a half up until midnight, then suddenly be back on regular time again.
&gt; Have you ever worked at a company where is wasn't a terminable offense to clock someone else in or out? I haven't. Have you ever managed fast food before, or more specifically, teenagers or young adults? Managers having to edit the time records because someone screwed up the simple process of clocking in or clocking out is literally a daily occurrence. People forget to clock back in from breaks, when they show up, or forget to clock out at the end of a shift. For Op's specific situation, it may be malice, or it may be a lack of understanding of how the time clock system works (for Op and other employees). One innocent explanation is that he may simply not be clocking off at the end of his shift every night. If the daytime manager is showing up every morning to find the closers still on the clock, standard procedure is going to be to clock them off for the time they were scheduled to leave the previous night. That's probably midnight. They're not going to waste time trying to call the previous night's closers at 4:30 in the morning and will have forgotten about it by lunchtime. If no one complains about missing hours, they'll never spare a second thought about it because little things like this are literally a daily occurrence for that sort of job. Hell, the whole closing crew might be forgetting to clock off every night because at some point in the past they just decided that you didn't have to because of the pile of clock out receipts generated at midnight, and the morning managers might be slowly going nuts because they think the night shift is full of morons who can't work a time clock. There's often very little communication between shifts in these sorts of restaurants, and shit like this can fester for months if the GM isn't on top of things. **TL;DR** - I'm not ruling out malice, but it is entirely likely that there could be an innocent explanation for this easily explained by a knowledge deficit on some side of the equation.
For the same reason people buy single rolls of toilet paper for three times the price over the big packs. Sometimes you need to shit today and can't wait two weeks for your paycheck.
As I have said before, there are only two explanations for what happened: malice or incompetence. Both should disqualify her from the presidency.
The issue is not that those folks can't repay, it's that they can't afford to repay and also pay their bills. So they pay back $360 on payday, then take the $300 back to get through to the next paycheck. Rinse and repeat. The payday lender is a help the first time they need the cash, then it becomes another $60-100 bill they have to pay every month. That's the debt trap they are talking about.
And low-wage retail positions are a better use of resources than manufacturing for those well-educated workers?
The manufacturing industry is actually 're-shoring' quite a bit. The big issue is that the manufacturing that is coming home is largely automated and employs a tiny number of people. That's not necessarily a bad thing in and of itself. It should be a victory when we manage to replace drudgery with machine labor, unfortunately there's no system in place to provide any support to the people who are working in industries being hollowed out by automation.
It turns out that immigration is a pretty good barometer for how effective the economy is at providing opportunity for people. When the Mexicans pack up and head home, you know shit isn't working like it's supposed to.
They've been either holding steady, or bouncing since the recession. There was a net loss of over 100k Mexican immigrants since 2009.
She's 15. She's not an unstable woman, she's an unstable *child*. You need cut off all contact and proceed with caution. I'd bring my parents in on the situation and save all correspondence until this dies down. You might also really want to make sure to avoid her, and definitely never have any contact with her alone. If she shows up to your house, call the police. If she escalates, contact a lawyer for consultation and involve the police. As a legal adult, an unstable 15 year old girl has tremendous ability to cause you hardship. You are outside the age range of the Romeo and Juliet protections for Idaho, so if she levels any accusations of sexual contact towards you, you're going to have a bad time.
I'm not suggesting you have, you just need to be very aware that the police are going to take any accusations from her much more serious than they will treat accusations from you. This will probably flame out if you resist giving her any attention, but you need to be very aware that anything she does short of causing someone severe physical harm will be treated as "kid stuff", you'll be treated as a predator. You need to keep a pocket alibi handy, and you need to have a paper trail ready to go if she escalates.
You'd have to do a little google-fu as I'm on my phone. I read about it a while back. If I recall correctly a lawyer affiliated with Freedom Watch was trying to bring a suit accusing the foundation of mail fraud (or something along those lines) in connection with influence peddling. It was a non-story at the time, but things look a little muddier now.
Personally I'd be wary about getting the police involved in this unless necessary. Calling to say, "Hey, there's this crazy 15 year old girl who wants to hook up with me, but I totally haven't and now she's getting all weird about it," is as likely to open an investigation into the situation as it is to close it. What's worse, if the police do come sniffing around her, it might prompt her to make a false statement where she might not have approached them on her own. Regardless, as an adult male, I personally wouldn't go anywhere near the police without a lawyer when the situation involved a minor female.
Yeah... Turns out people are shitty pretty much all the way around.
Rulership in medieval times is one part lineage, and one part might. As a product of the Starks and the Targaryens, Jon would combine two lines with a long history of rulership, and he's become a leader of men, tested on the battlefield multiple times, by his own merit. That can make him more palatable than the Baratheon / Lannister usurpers without a whole lot of prompting for many of the houses that oppose them. There's also the chance that he isn't actually a bastard. Selmy was convinced that Rhaegar was in love with Lyanna, and that they ran away together rather than her being abducted. They may very well have eloped. I'm not sure how divorce works in Westeros, but I do know the Targaryens were pretty notorious for practicing polygamy. TL/DR - With as much hate as the Lannisters have brought on themselves, a lot of the houses would need only the tiniest hint of legitimacy to support a Stark / Targaryen heir riding south at the front of an army.
That would be his whole motivation, if I had to guess, to "unite the realms of men against the coming darkness". Sometimes you have to fight a war to end it, and if he can't unify the Seven Kingdoms against the White Walkers, he may have to claim the throne. Of course then Dany shows up with some dragons and a bunch of dothraki and everything goes to shit. I wouldn't be terribly surprised if she turns out to be the villain of the story.
I'd maybe call in a wellness check with the police. Tell them you're neighbor isn't answering the door and something smells like a rotting corpse. It's all technically true.
There is a subtle, but important, difference between calling the police to report a smell and calling the police to request a welfare check.
Probably not. My suggestion was just to call in a standard welfare check and mention your neighbor isn't answering the door and there is a sudden, strong odor of rotting meat. That way you use the smell to support your suspicion that something is wrong, rather than use the smell as the reason to get them out there. They'll definitely show up if they think there's a chance to find a body, but not to settle a housekeeping dispute between tenants. The whole goal is to light a fire under the neighbor and/or landlord, and who knows, maybe the cops will see something that prompts them to bring in some mental health services to get the dude some help. Someone living in squalor like that can't be all there mentally.
I don't think that's it. She smiled as he was declared king. The smile faded when she saw Littlefinger's death stare. I think she's quite comfortable with Jon as the figurehead and the show is teeing up Sansa v Littlefinger in preparation for his [sudden but inevitable betrayal.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znxFrgql5dc)
It's the same thing the Baratheons did to take the throne from the Targaryeans. Robert won the throne because he led a successful coup and took it on the battlefield. He then legitimized his claim through his Targaryen blood via his his paternal grandmother. The might required to impose your will is the most important ingredient in medieval rulership, then everything is wrapped up under a thin veneer of legitimacy to limit the folks who can challenge you for your position. Kings from that time period basically operated like mob bosses. "Why are you king?" "Because I kicked their asses." "What's stopping someone from kicking your ass?" "Well you see, my grandma was a Targaryen, so I am also the rightful king since those other guys are dead." "The ones you killed?" "Yup."
We used to live in an older neighborhood that was about 3 blocks away from the bad side of town, so we got the occasional crackhead sniffing around the place. I got woke up to one of our danes growling low and menacing, and heard something in the other part of the house. I opened the bedroom door, and followed the two danes out into the house, and saw a shape in a white t-shirt haul ass towards the back door. The dogs took off after him. The two gigantic rescue danes barked and carried on, but wouldn't leave the radius of light from the back door. Meanwhile the 35 pound springer spaniel mix didn't make a noise, but shot out between my legs and took off like a bullet after the would-be burglar. Samson caught up to him at the fence line, caused him to drop my DVD player, and tried his best to murder the intruder. After the dude got away, he brought me a bloody shoe as a trophy and wanted to play fetch with it. [He was a good soldier, and will be missed.](http://imgur.com/WCl32VK) (the danes were mostly useless, but good for a cuddle) You make sure to tell your guy he's a good boy for me.
One of the rescue danes we had back in the day had Von Willebrand's. Ever since then I have always kept one of those little foil envelopes of WoundSeal powder in my wallet. It's good stuff to have on hand, not just for cuts on the dog.
Yeah, there's a lot of (not-undeserved) paypal hate in this thread, but it's not like they never side with the seller. It's just that you only hear the people who successfully get scammed bitching. I sell refurbished smartphones and laptops semi-regularly through ebay and other platforms, and deal a lot with paypal. I have definitely had people try and scam me before, but have only actually been fucked by paypal twice out of a dozen or so attempts. If you agree to refund after a return, and he fails to successfully return it to you, there's a pretty good chance that paypal will side with you. They want buyers and sellers to work things out, and want to enforce return policies (even if you don't offer them as terms of the sale). If you make the effort by offering a refund for a return, and he pulls this sort of crap, they'll probably find in your favor. You just need to call and speak with someone in person, and appeal the decision if they side with him the first time (and point out that the package never left Louisiana on the return trip when you give your supporting evidence).
I think it was made worse by living with a couple of danes.
He was a bit of a beast. All fluff and floppy ears, but 35 pounds of solid muscle under the fur.
Pony had the potential to be dangerous, he was very protective of my wife. It's just that he was also very, very lazy.
Yup. Nothing every came of it, though (at least as far as I know).
Careful with shepherds. That's what we have now, and the menace he can put into a warning bark is way beyond what the danes were capable of (despite being half their size). Colt is a loverboy with the wife and the cats, but he's also got a mouth full of knives and I am pretty sure he's willing to cut a bitch. He's got a way of sitting and watching things that just seems like more wheels are turning than I am used to, especially compared to our previous dogs. I've never had a dog before that seemed to be quite so 'alert'.
Yeah. We originally had a chihuaha, and then ended up adopting a dane from a neighbor who decided to become a breeder. A few months later we took in his sister after they discovered she had Von Willebrands and that she'd die if they bred her (they were on the road to becoming shitty backyard breeders). A few months later, a dude saw we had the two while we were walking them, and asked us if we wanted to adopt his dane because his new girlfriend was making him get rid of it. Then my sister dumped her springer puppy at our house because she's a shitty human being and "what's one more dog when you have 4", and finally another neighbor's boxer / daschund mix just sort of moved in with us because they kept leaving her outside without water, and she was an accomplished digger and escape artist who discovered we kept water freely available for our dogs. We had six dogs for over 10 years, and then about three years ago they started dropping like flies. We had lost all six to a combination of old age and mishap over the course of about two and a half years. My wife almost swore off pets altogether after we had to put Brew down. :'( And then I came home from work and was informed we'd be picking up a shepherd from the airport.
Modern danes have been bred towards being "estate dogs", which is a fancy way to say house pet. Most of the prey drive has been bred out of them in favor of keeping them close to home and good with children and smaller animals. You'll get the occasional one with a little bit of a sporting dog throwback personality, but most of them are super chill and people-focused with very little hunting drive.
Her brother was named 'Pony'.
Yeah, danes are very people focused. That goes two ways. They will protect their people, and they seem very aware of other people who are being shady. My wife used to walk the two siblings all over the place. Brew didn't have an aggressive bone in her body, but Pony was very protective of my wife. When creepers would approach her while she was walking the neighborhood, pony would always position himself in between them and her. She told me a story of one dude who was catcalling her and started following her, she told him to get lost and Pony started growling. He laughed it off and approached, and out of nowhere he reared up on his hind legs and just knocked the dude down and snarled at him while pinning him down. She said he never tied to bite him, but scared the shit out of the dude. But he was also the same dog who'd flop over on his back when squealing children charged him, and who loved to greet the mailman at the front fence every day (of course the mailman carried milkbones).
It must be. Otherwise no one would bother with a 20 post chain that can be sorted out with a 15 second phone call.
Tomorrow is harvest day and to them it is the holocaust.
**Step 1**: Sabotage government program until it can no longer properly function. **Step 2**: Point at failing program as evidence that government is useless and inferior to market solutions. **Step 3**: Privatize program and receive kickbacks. **Optional**: Have close friend or family member in place in related industry to directly receive lucrative government contract.
If increased voter ID requirements also came with easier to access IDs, I'd be all for it. Having just dealt with the state of Texas to get my wife an updated ID card to start a new job, I can say that the process is far more difficult than it needs to be. After spending $50 on supporting documents and still being turned down at the DPS office, we ended up driving back to Louisiana and renewing her expired ID there because of the time crunch. For a lot of older folks with spotty records, I can see the process being next to impossible and prohibitively expensive on a fixed income. Like my grandmother, for instance. If she lost her purse, trying to run down supporting documents like a birth certificate from 1930's Mississippi, or a Hawaiian marriage license from the 50's, might be effectively impossible.
There's also simply sitting down with a lawyer for the consult and discussing how to pay. Many lawyers will work with clients on setting up payment plans or otherwise making arrangements. They're people too, and they understand that most folks won't be able to pull a few thousand dollars out of their ass overnight. Even more to the point, many lawyers are essentially small business owners, and they have a lot of flexibility in setting their rates and making arrangements. Hell, I have traded my tech support services to a lawyer in return for some contract review and revision in the past. It never hurts to ask them to work with you.
I don't know. This has been one of the most polarizing runs so far on both sides, and there is a huge number of disaffected voters on the left and the right. I'd say things are pretty damn volatile. There may be a revolt at both conventions, and a lot of voters could end up staying home or voting third party. There's really no predicting how this will go, despite Nate Silver insisting Hillary has it in the bag. I'm pretty convinced there is at least a 33% chance that the country will be on fire come November 9th.
Latency and auction refresh sync issues. The AH doesn't refresh instantly, and TSM is only grabbing a new page every few seconds. The addon refreshes every couple of seconds while you are sniping, so if you and someone else are both trying to get an item, depending on how your refreshes are synced up, they may see it a few seconds before you do and have more time to react. It's really just luck as to who sees it first and then it just comes down to who is fastest on the draw.
Most of my GR get turned to crescent saberfish flesh. The folks on my server have finally figured out there is still a demand for the draenic utility pots, and the supply has jumped in price. True iron ore can usually be had for around a gold, but the fur fluctuates wildly. I buy when it is low, make gliders, and sell them until I run out. I've sold over 20,000 kits since legion dropped at an average price of 13.5 gold and a crafting cost that hovers between 5-7g.
Pensions were still going strong into the 70's. The decline of pensions tracks closely to the decline in union membership, and unions came under attack in the late 70's and early 80's. Pensions are still prevalent in industries that are heavily unionized (police, teachers, and some trades).
Look, no one is saying that the middle class of this country (boomer or otherwise) is in a great place, but when you [jump to generation x](https://www.northwesternmutual.com/about-us/studies/planning-and-progress-2015-study), you find out that: * About 4 in 10 don't feel financially secure. * 82% won't have enough to retire comfortably. * 66% will work past the traditional retirement age. * 18% will essentially work until they die. Gen X is one of the first generations who is shaping up to finish worse off than their parents, and every indication is that the millennial generation will continue that trend, and the boomers bear some of the blame for auctioning off the future of their kids and grandkids.
&gt; Most boomers have no pension and no savings No, most *americans* have no pension or inadequate savings (1 in 3 have none). Of the various demographic groups, boomers are pretty well situated for retirement. About 3/4ths have *something* saved for retirement, and about half have "adequate" retirement savings. Overall, they're 85% more likely to have at least $300k or more in various retirement instruments when compared to Gen X (who is just now approaching retirement age, but is significantly behind the curve compared to their parent's generation).
&gt; I think we've moved past nationalism and into tribalism. Or maybe that we've just never moved past tribalism in the first place. It's hard wired into our DNA. We can countermand the tribal impulses with rational reasoning, but we'll never get rid of them. "Us versus them" is a core part of the human psyche, the only variable is how you view yourself and who you view as 'them'.
The nature of this debate is that there is a host of sources of varying quality that can be found to reach any conclusion, and that most of the information out there comes from self-reporting on informal internet surveys. If you take the bulk of these various articles, surveys, studies, and scare-pieces as an aggregate, you reach three main conclusions: 1.) Americans aren't prepared for retirement as a whole. 2.) Generation X is pretty much boned. Millennials might be, but have more time to correct the situation. 3.) The older generations were better off (on average) than the younger generations at similar milestone periods in their life, and many of the retirement instruments they are taking advantage of have either been phased out or changed for subsequent generations.
I can get them sometimes for cheap, but people have finally started wising up. I only just now ran out of my supply of crescent oil. At the start of the expansion, when people were still dumping WoD materials on the AH, I bought a couple of dozen stacks of the enormous crescent fish. That carried me (along with what I have managed to snipe for cheap) until now. I bought it originally expected the water walking pots to be in demand, and those have sold well, but the invisibility going for so much took me by surprise. I've finally got competition, but for a while there I was selling them for nearly 500g per pot.
Or an expense to be minimized. If there is excess value in the system, they will seek to extract it as profit. You do that by maximizing returns and minimizing expenses. When you're operating a functional monopoly in vast swaths of the country, you have a lot of options to fulfill those goals that may not be very "customer friendly".
&gt; you have to threaten to quit once a year to keep your bill below $200/mo. Time Warner (now Spectrum) or AT&amp;T DSL here. Spectrum is the only real option for decent speed, and I hate that yearly "call to cancel" dance. The rep knows what's up, I wish we didn't have to go through the role playing session to get it done.
That was the biggest difference between the last restaurant concept I worked for, and the previous ones. The last one was a dream (comparatively) that really did try to do things right, and I have to believe that it was because the CEO began it working a fryer, and as they became successful, every outside executive he brought on had to spend six weeks working up through the company, spending 2 weeks each as a fry cook, register jockey, and then shift manager. You don't get a full understanding of the job in that amount of time, but you at least get a picture of it that is much more clear that the excel file or powerpoint you see at the board meetings.
Yeah, the executives I have known have all pretty much been workaholics too, but let's be honest about what their days look like compared to the rank and file. They may put in an 80 hour week, but it's behind a desk in an air conditioned office. It may be a mentally taxing and stressful 10-12 hour day, but they aren't standing over a grill, racking up new scars from the grease burns or destroying the cartilage in their knees standing behind a register while someone shouts at them to go faster and waste less for that time. The 2 weeks off they take to go to Jamaica every summer, and the week they spend in Aspen for Christmas probably takes some of the sting out of those long, desk-bound hours as well.
People don't leave jobs because of the money, they leave because of the managers.
The next iteration of the technology will cut the checkout lanes out of the equation entirely. [Take a look at the amazon concept location they are currently working on for one iteration of what it might look like.](http://www.vox.com/new-money/2016/12/5/13842712/amazon-go-no-checkout) They aren't going to bother fixing the self-checkout machines, they're going to leap-frog over them entirely.
That's the thing about our screwed up economy and backwards values, it sucks that we're fighting automation like it's a bad thing. We should be cheering for the forward march of progress every time a shitty job is eliminated due to automation, not lamenting the loss of the economic equivalent of busywork.
"I don't like Trump, but whenever a republican is in office there's more work to go around." That's what a friend told me, and it's pretty common around here in Texas. I'm on the gulf coast, and the economy here is based pretty much 100% on the petroleum industry, or geared towards serving the businesses in the petroleum industry. The only thing the voters in this area want to hear is "drill, baby, drill".
There are always exceptions, but the general logic is that most people don't start looking for a new job unless their manager / workplace is treating them like shit. They never have that "I don't get paid enough for this shit" epiphany if they're in a genuinely supportive environment.
More like: "I would like the introductory rate for another year please." *sounds of dice rolling in the background* "I got a 22 on my diplomacy check."
Almost everyone, on both sides of the political spectrum, thought Clinton was inevitable. There were diehard redhats who were true believers, but the polls and the media told us Clinton had it in the bag and we had no reason not to believe in the naive times of November 2016. But a whole lot of people lined up and voted Trump to thumb their nose at a "rigged sytem" (remember, even Trump was couching his expected loss with this excuse). Then, like Brexit, the country woke up the next morning having cut its nose off to spite its face. We sowed the wind, and the forecast is nothing but tornado warnings.
lol, talk politics with our parents? Like my dad respects a source that isn't Bill O'Reilly or Rush Limbaugh.
My sister told me that he's dumped Fox for the most part. According to my dad, Fox news has sold out and sided with the liberals.
No idea. We don't really talk anymore. He's retired, spends most of his time tinkering on his toys in the garage, and apparently its talk radio 24/7 these days for his news.
I was young, so it's hard to say. One thing I know for certain is that my dad used to be openly critical of religion. When I was in junior high I remember him talking at length about how he didn't believe in organized religion when I asked him why we didn't go to church. By the time I graduated high school and moved out, he'd been born again. I don't know if it's correlation or causation, but his vocal conservatism also correlated with vocal religiosity. I think he has always leaned conservative. That's just the product of growing up as part of a military family in the south, but my recollections included him holding more varied opinions before talk radio. Now you could run down a list of Limbaugh's talking points and he is 100% in lockstep with the right wing line.
Watched the trailer. That's actually chillingly familiar.
You'd think, but back when I was running a fast casual restaurant, I took my predecessor's 180% turnover down to less than 40% in about 18 months by following the revolutionary strategies of "treating people with respect" and "doing what I said I would do" (which feeds into the previous point). My staff was mostly high school and college aged kids working part time for real close to minimum wage. Whether it's retail, food, or the IT industry, it's been my experience that employees are generally pretty happy with the status quo unless you're doing something shitty enough to make the job not worth the pain. 9 times out of 10, they don't dust off their resume until some precipitating event happens, usually due to an asshole boss. The people who are dedicated ladder climbers are rare, they're never satisfied (which sometimes works out to their advantage). For the rest of the folks, the majority of them are perfectly content to stay at a place where they feel valued, that doesn't abuse them, even if they are aware that they could theoretically be making more elsewhere. The trick is in being able to balance the needs of the business with the needs of your employees in a way that is profitable for both. That's often a lot harder than it should be (often due to corporate policy).
&gt; To get a ban for griefing you have to disrupt gameplay through things like camping questgivers, flightmasters or vendors. I'm pretty sure that's just called world PVP. Allies camp the questgivers in thrallmar pretty much 24/7 for some reason. Leveled a couple of alts the last few months, and for some reason, and every time I have moved through outland there has been one of 2 or 3 allies making a loop between Thrallmar and the little caravan right outside, killing the questgivers as soon as they spawn.
Could you imagine if she implied Trump had a tiny pecker in a major interview? Like if she went on Howard Stern and spent an hour talking about how he never satisfied her in bed and was hung like a cashew? Holy shit, he'd have a public meltdown on a level I'm not sure we're prepared for.
That's what I mean by saying we have no idea what the inevitable revolution will look like. It doesn't have to be an armed revolt or fascist dystopia, there's a chance we could manage a peaceful revolution, it's just that past history doesn't make me super optimistic.
"No, you don't seem to understand, my guy won so the system is fair and working as intended."
"Conservative" suggests a resistance to change and value of tradition. The GOP isn't resistant to change, they actively want to roll back progress in a number of areas. "Regressive" is a better descriptor.
There are some "principled conservatives" out there in the wild. If there is any hope for the next 4 years to not be an utter shitshow, we'll need their help opposing Trump. If we paint with too broad a brush, we might miss some valuable allies in the coming Trumpian shitshow.
"At least he's not a liberal."
"I like you Tyrone, you're one of the good ones."
It cuts both ways. It's how the human brain works. People (both liberals and conservatives) divide the world into their "tribe", and "everyone else". People understand the humanity of their tribe on an instinctual level, but the brain uses stereotypes as a shorthand for "everyone else" it uses them to determine how we allocate out (finite) pool of empathy,. We literally can't conceptualize of other humans as actual people beyond a certain breakpoint (google "Dunbar's Number" [or read cracked's take on it here](http://www.cracked.com/article_14990_what-monkeysphere.html)). Dunbar's number basically explains everything that is wrong with our government and society. Those stereotypes are defined by our media, your experiences, and the experiences of your tribe, and as our media bubbles become more polarized due to the buffet nature of modern information consumption, our ability to empathize with "the other side" also becomes more polarized. So conservative voters picture liberals as nothing but vegan hippies, out of touch academics, and welfare queens, and liberal voters picture conservatives as nothing but shit-kicking racists, evangelical zealots, and oil industry robber-barons.
I have the ring on my priest, that's it.
Those same folks will say the same thing unironically as they swipe their EBT card at the checkout line. They're not the problem. They're just down on their luck and need a little help, it's all those *other* people who are leeching off the system who are the problem. *They're* just lazy.
Taxes = bad, no matter what. I asked a buddy, who is hardcore conservative, if he'd think it'd be a good deal if he could reduce his insurance bill by $300 a month. He was all for it. I asked him if he'd think it would still be a good deal if his insurance went down by $500 a month by offering a public option, but his tax bill went up by $200 to cover the cost of it. He started hemming and hawing. I could literally see the cognitive dissonance flash through his eyes as the raw math went to war with the "tax bad" dogma. His final concession would be he'd like to pay less, but the government would just screw it up (and apparently the private insurance companies are just knocking it out of the park).
Please make ground mounts more obsolete again. Please just give us back flying, if not at the start of an expansion, then make it go account wide once a character hits max level. All these beautiful flying mounts I have acquired over the years, and the one I ride around on the most is a yak, because it is one of the few that can jump up on to the surface of the water if something breaks my path of frost. I honestly don't understand the decision to suddenly be so anti-flying for the last couple of expansions.
No lie. Highmountain distilled a hatred in me so pure in for the first few weeks of world questing, right up until I figured out which flight points actually got me closest to which point of interest. Nothing better than seeing a marker on you map that is right next to a flight point, then realizing that you'd have been better off just flying in to the central hub and running across half the map because the "close" flight point is really a 5 mile trek around 3 mountain ranges and a river. These "dynamic zones" are murder to navigate. They're pretty and interesting on the first playthrough, but by the time you get to leveling that third alt, or running that same world quest tucked into the inconvenient little nook for the umpteenth time, they're just frustrating (and not in a good way).
Yes, gated behind yet another rep grind, and more order hall stuff (which will probably be padded out with a bunch of long follower missions) and a series of quest chains (which will probably also be rep gated). I could see putting the class mounts behind all of that, but just let me fly. I've done my time walking like a pleb. I just want to finally take to the air again.
It will go back up during the initial rush, and will almost certainly crash back to where it is now (or briefly lower) soon after. There's money to be made on stocking up obliterum, but I wouldn't be the guy stocking up 2000. I'm shooting for 250-300. I think I can move that relatively quickly, and I am keeping a bunch of raw chaos crystals on hand to move as enchants, so if obliterum demand stays strong for longer than I expect, I can shuffle them into oblits instead.
You will not make money trying to set prices for current, easily farmed materials. Period. You can pressure a market to keep prices up for a limited amount of time, or reset a market temporarily to try and flip items at a profit, but the market will seek equilibrium. You trying to set a limit on herbs just incentivizes farmers to go farm more, increasing supply, and driving the price down over time.
Same, though if I get a snipe against someone I know has a big bank, like a few of my major competitors, I will also charge a small idiot tax. But if they contact me instantly raging, which happens pretty regularly, I just laugh and ignore them.
A tremendous amount of manufacturing is coming back to the US, and has been for a while. It's the current lifesycle of manufacturing: 1.) Company makes it big, offshores to capitalize on cheap overseas labor. 2.) Business matures, technology catches up, company "reshores" to take advantage of automation and save on shipping / import costs. Manufacturing is not coming back, especially not manufacturing that pays a living wage. Modern factories have a handful of well paid techs and an army of robots, not a bunch of working class stiffs manning the lines. On top of that, now that people are trained to use touch screen interfaces with the saturation of smartphones, and voice recognition technology is improving exponentially (thanks in part to the databases being built by smartphone users through siri and cortana), retail jobs are being cannibalized by automation. Trump is the president who will preside over the opening salvos of the "automated revolution". We should be discussing things like a basic income right now to prepare for the inevitable changes that are coming, not worrying about industries like coal that are already gutshot and bleeding out.
Your're probably right. We never seem to get started discussing the future until it's already here and kicking our ass, and we certainly aren't with the GOP in charge of every wing of government. People have been saying that the threat of automation is "twenty years in the future" for the last 10-15 years. Guess what, it's happening now. If Trump manages a second term somehow (I don't think he will, but then I didn't think he'd win a first) he will be the president that presides over the beginning of our new industrial revolution, and the GOP will set the policies for how our country reacts, which seems to be summed up as "moar boostraps".
So 80/20 hillbilly to tycoon?
I'll say that's my favorite thing about disc. Through a radiance at whichever ranged I can get, and there's a good chance it gets the hunter standing at his max, then atonement for the win. And then there's EoA... "Guys, everyone please stay on the same side of the boss as the tank, plz." Fight starts, melee runs to boss's ass crack, hunter runs to max range, fml.
I believe in body autonomy. When they're trying that hard to die, I respect their wishes.
&lt;3
So Nixon's Head 2020 is what you're saying?
Not even then. When the repercussions begin, expect victim blaming to follow.
Worse? Compared to this last election, Nixon's looking like a saint.
Not sure if it is the same in the EU, but the arch quest is rewarding obliterum right now. Even folks who don't normally shuffle it have a few to dump. Great time to buy up a few for the patch, but I wouldn't go too deep on it. It will spike, but no telling for how long (or how high). The last time they raised the cap, the demand surprised me. I am prepared for it this time, but I am keeping a lot of the materials to shuffle obliterum raw just in case it doesn't exceed my expectations.
That would require introspection, and I have a feeling we won't see much of that. Trump will blame someone else, and they'll still have someone to direct the vitriol at that doesn't cause cognitive dissonance. Don't underestimate the ability of the MAGA crowd to rationalize and redirect.
My suggestion would be to pair JC with something that generates bloods easily. Cut gems and saber's eyes have big margins (on my server at least) but my JC is perpetually starved for bloods to meet the demand, and buying them from other JCs is much more difficult since the blood vendor was released. It's not too bad if you plan to run a bunch of dungeons with the alt, but I don't remember great returns from mining for bloods (haven't mined since just after launch).
No (except maybe alchemy). It's the only one that really has a pattern that needs 800 (that is in demand). Enchanting rank doesn't matter at all when it comes to their patterns, but alchemy is an entirely different kind of beast.
Most likely tanking the market so he can scoop up the under-priced gems in prep for the raid dropping. Haste is the most in demand gem across specs, and dawnlights seem to be rarer than the others, so it makes sense to target this one. I have been posting aggressively at break-even, and hoovering up the deep undercuts myself.
Yup. It's painful, but if you are patient about buying and selling, you can come really close to breaking even while you try for rank 3. Alchemy was a much bigger investment in terms of material cost for me, but JC was a bigger raw loss in terms of what I spent and what I got back out of the leveling items.
I could see that too, kind of like MoP writ large. The remnants of the horde and alliance crash down / teleport / dimension hop to a pristine new world and bring their eternal war with them. They could begin with some new races throwing their lot in with the horde / alliance, and also do multiple races that begin neutral at character creation and pick sides like the pandas.
It's even harder to control herb prices now than it was at the start of the expansion. The blood trader tends to keep them in pretty close equilibrium. When people see a crazy spike in one herb, they go cash in their stock of bloods to make a quick buck. I will reset things periodically on my server just to pump supply.
I don't know the exact cutoff, or how the actual yield curve works, but they have a lot of skill ranks to work with, and a very small range in yields for arkhana dropping off the greens. I suspect that yields plateau relatively quickly, probably sometime after zen level enchanting, with only a small bump in averages for getting over 700. If the is a difference between low 700s and high 700s, it isn't noticible, and my recollection of disenchanting in WoD level skill ranks is that even that wasn't a huge hit on yields. But as I said before, it's mostly moot. If your serve is like my server, it's usually cheaper to buy shards than it is to buy dust, and you can queue up ley shatter instead of having to click. I buy shards over the weekend when they tend to dip in price, or make leather blues / JC rings if I get desperate. It's mostly bout saving time for me at this point, as the gold rush has leveled off into a slow simmer at this point in the expansion.
Holy crap. That didn't even occur to me either. I was just thinking about all the nifty mounts I'd never spend real money on, completely forgot about all the rest.
&gt; Why is the gun thing so friggin' untouchable? Because certain folks have fantasies where they're a bunch of brave freedom fighters or masked vigilantes who will one day take up arms against a tyrannical government, and having to spend a couple of hours on a Wednesday afternoon taking a gun safety class or filling out some licensing paperwork means the terrorists win.
It's also because the people who have become the most common 'first link of contact' in the mental health chain are the police, and most police have just this side of no training in how to deal with the mentally ill (in addition to few resources, as you point out). I have friends and family in law enforcement, and trust me, the attitude I was describing in my other comment is pretty damn common. There are some good cops who will try to help, but most just want you to go be crazy somewhere else if you aren't engaged in some other crime.
I'm not sure how that internal cooldown works, however. If I get one, it's generally half an hour to an hour before I see one again, but when killing huge packs of mobs at once, I have managed to loot multiples from the pile of corpses. This has happened more than once. If I had to guess, I think there is probably some sort of 'bad luck protection' on them, where you get progressively more likley to get one the longer it goes (as they seem to come in semi-regular intervals), but I don't think the cooldown is triggered until they are actually looted.
Gems are a cutthroat market. People tend to camp it, and they aren't shy about undercutting. The best results I have gotten in terms of returns is not to get hung up on listing all the time. I like to let the market "rest" as much as I can so the undercuts have a chance to be bought up or fall off. In my experience, the best time to list is reset days, in the morning, at lunchtime, and after about 5pm server, and on the big raid days for your server, mostly after 7 or 8. In other words, you want to catch people checking their mythic+ chests throughout the day on tuesday, and catch the people coming out of their raids on raid days. During other periods, the volume slows down enough that undercuts tend to pile up.
Good luck fighting a missile from the sky with an assault rifle.
It's because the tank is the de facto leader of the party. You set the pace, and are in the most visible position in the raid. Not everyone can handle the spotlight like that, even in a game. I'm kind of the same way. I only tank instances I know like the back of my hand (and overgear). Healing is much more difficult, and arguably more likely to result in failure if you're under-performing, but I'm much more comfortable in that role than I am leading the group as the tank.
Well, one bright side to the next four years is we'll get to find out which trait is crappier to live through in a national leader. Will it be "dangerous paranoia" or "unrepentant narcissism"?
There are regional varieties obviously, but if you go to most places in the states and just order a cheeseburger, you get lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, and american cheese with mustard and / or mayo.
If you want just cheese here in the states, "plain" or "plain and dry" is what you want to order. Other than regional standards, lettuce/tomatoe/pickle/onion (in some combination) are going to be on just about every basic burger. There are common variations, like the "McDonald's standard" which is mustard, ketchup, pickles, and onions, but I can't think of a single restaurant that serves up just a plain burger (meat and cheese) as a standard menu item. Every place is going to put *something* on it. The closest you really get to that is a patty melt, which is usually just meat, cheese, and grilled onions (maybe some sort of sauce) on thick sliced toast.
Yeah, grabbed a pic off of the yelp for a local burger joint. It's a double cheeseburger, but the standard toppings. The burgers there are decent, but their onion rings are the reason you go to that particular place.
I quit in cata, and came back right before legion, so I got to level through pandaria, WoD, then straight into the broken isles. Moving from Draenor to Legion content was like opening a door in the back of a McDonald's playplace and stumbling into a biker bar.
Another strawman.
You have to keep in mind the realities of our electoral system when you hear the "only half voted" statistic. Due to how the votes are tabulated, it's a tremendous waste of time for a significant minority of people to vote if they hold viewpoints in opposition of the local majority. People don't bother when the president is a foregone decision in their state, and all the down-ballot races are unopposed. More people would probably vote if it wasn't the equivalent of pissing into the wind. I'm a progressive living in deep red country, and that's how voting feels here. There were more 3rd party wingnuts on my local ballot than democrats. 2/3rds of the races across my state were unopposed.
Someone sorted for stack size and bought out the cheapest 8 stacks without bothering to look through the listings. This is why you never undercut the singles when neat-stacking, you just undercut the cheapest auctions of a similar stack size.
&gt; It wouldn't be so bad if you wouldn't exit the event when you died. This one detail is what they need to fix. Just embrace the PVP aspect of it and put in a couple of BG style respawn points and let people go nuts for the duration of their 5 minute buff.
[Not everyone has someone in their life willing to change their bedpan so they can keep grinding...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F8bs_THKiY)
I mean, if you can point to an up and coming young progressive from Kentucky, please let us know. You don't need to take your shoes off to count the states that are going to be foisting liberal politicians onto the national stage.
It's all about hammering in wedges and getting us to do the rest to ourselves.
Let Trump settle in behind the desk. Any candidate that doesn't act like a villain from the Simpnsons will feel pretty damn acceptable.
Turns out when you give a man a steak and then take it away, he's angrier than before he had the steak.
You're only a mouthbreather if you are leaving gold on the table. If you aren't making sales, you're leaving all of the gold on the table (and paying listing fees for nothing). The solution is selling at the highest price that will still attract buyers. If no one will pay 20k, start shaving off of the price until sales pick up, then make a mental note of that threshold and use it as your new reset price.
With the removal of things like shadow resist potions / gear needed for progression raiding (and similar things) I doubt you could get a ban for "market manipulation" if you tried. To catch a ban, you'd have to be using the AH to make playing the game extra painful for some segment of the population. The instances where people managed to get banned using the AH for things in this vein all happened in the olden days (as far as I know). Back when auction houses were faction locked and realm specific, it was possible to essentially grief people using the AH in a few rare instances. These days the game has changed enough to make it pretty untenable to successfully do so, both in terms of the gold required and mechanics of the AH (and node changes). And that's really what could net you a ban, behavior so beyond the pale that enough other people would consider it egregious enough to report you en masse and prompt blizzard to respond. If someone were to manage to catch a ban for market manipulation today (not counting botters) whatever they are doing probably won't be profitable in terms of making gold, just "troll-y".
[A list of all 400+ groups targeted.](http://thehill.com/policy/finance/282307-irs-targeted-426-groups-report) Political groups of all stripes were investigated. More right-wing groups seem to have been under scrutiny, but since so much partisan money flowed into the astroturfed tea party, it may be a bit of selection bias.
How's the saying go? When you have privilege, equality feels like oppression?
&gt; Just because someone doesn't understand their biases doesn't make them racist. What matters is results and outcomes. If the result of a police officer acting on his unconscious biases is that he arrests the black guy and lets the white guy off with a warning most of the time, does it matter that he doesn't think of himself as racist? If the one delineating variable between "racist" and "not racist" is self awareness, that sort of explains how we are where we are. &gt; But, how common is that really? How common is it for someone to put on a convincing non-racist front, but consciously make racist decisions behind closed doors? Very common. And it's not even really a front. I've had white acquaintances drop the N bomb in front of my wife, then turn to her and say "well not you obviously, just the *thugs*" and then get offended if I happen to get upset on her behalf. "I'm not racist, but I just don't understand why you couldn't find yourself a nice white girl. I just don't think black folks and white folks should mix." That's a refrain that I have heard over and over from family and coworkers over the (nearly) two decades my wife and I have been together. Every person who has uttered it would swear they weren't racist. They're also the sorts of folks who wouldn't hire a black person because "they all steal" or "they're just lazy and always looking for a handout" or any other number of shitty stereotypes, but if you say the 'R' word, they'll get pissed off and swear they don't have a racist bone in their body (and mean it). What do you call that, other than racism? &gt; A doctrine or political program based on racial prejudice and designed to execute its principles. That's the common definition of racism used in sociology. Why does an individual's denial of their motivations affect how you label their words and actions? What else do you call it when the results of people's biases is real world discrimination or having racist garbage falling out of their mouth while denying that they hold any prejudice? Why is their personal acknowledgement of their biases the prerequisite for calling a duck a duck?
PVE is cooperative, not competitive.
They'll impeach him, it's inevitable, but it won't happen tomorrow. This is how it's going to go down: 1.) They're going to spend the next 2-3 months "investigating" these allegations while they ram through the most despicable parts of their legislative wishlist. 2.) Every time people start to pay attention to what is going on in congress, more info on the Trump investigation will get leaked and the media will jump on it like starving piranhas. 3.) The threat of impeachment will be used to keep Trump complacent and signing anything that hits his desk. 4.) Once they've used him up, they'll hang the millstone of all of their own bad behavior around his neck, and move forward with impeachment. 5.) Trump will fall on the GOP's sword in return for them pardoning the worst parts of his behavior, and they'll be left with Pence in charge and two to three years to crow about their integrity, purge Trump's cronies from their appointments, and claim credit for "doing the right thing" by removing one of their own from office and "cleaning up washington".
The point being that anything that adds to the team is beneficial for the whole group. Having those guys that spend 8 hours a day grinding in the benefits the people with altitis, rather than making their experience worse. There may be a competitive element to PVE, but it's indirect, and since gear counts there (as opposed to the templating in PVE), paragon talents have less of an impact. In a direct competitive environment, like PVP, you feel the gear discrepancy much more viscerally (usually while the geared player is giving yours a barbed wire wedgie). PVP in games like this work best when everyone is on an equal footing, focused on skill over gear, and everyone has the same basic stat values.
People play PVP for bragging rights. They'd be more than happy with cosmetic rewards, titles, or even prestigious cosmetic gear that was useful in PVE content even if it didn't change their combat values for PVP. As long as blizzard put some effort into the rewards (like giving the PVPers a cosmetic armored set tied to success that wasn't just a recolored dungeon set) people would queue up to go after it.
Yup. Social engineering is the most common vector for hacking. The human parts of any information system are usually the most vulnerable.
Ultimatly everything that happens in the business is the CEO's responsibility. They may not directly oversee everything, but it is their responsibility to set the tone and culture of the place by putting the right people into the right positions, and holding them accountable. If the company's culture and treatment of employees is shit, it's because those things are not priorities for the CEO.
Yeah, I hate it when tanks try and tiptoe around everything to avoid the mobs, especially in the halls and the outdoor part. At this point, unless you get 3 brand new DPS, you can kill 6 mobs as fast as you can kill two. You're better off just grabbing everything up and killing them than taking a complicated route to avoid them, only to have that one new guy pull everything on the run back anyway.
Yep, the best offense against a PUG team is to have both demos go to one gate at start, and everyone else grab bombs and go to the other. People check the map and see both demos heading to one gate, assuming your tunneling that one, and leave the other mostly undefended. Even if they realize what is happening, they still have to split their defense, and they rarely respond fast enough. After that, cap GYs and GG.
I think there is some sort of bad luck protection at work with them, where the chance to drop grows over the course of an hour, then drops once you loot one. I have gotten several double drops on my DK since I tend to do huge groups of mobs.
1 per hour is pretty close to average drop rate for the bags from what I have seen, just pointing out that my experience is that the timer doesn't reset until they are actually looted.
And also, the hostess seated all the people who like medium rare together, and made sure that all of the well done people were seated separate.
There was definitely a media spin after Iowa that stuck mostly to a "this is where the hot air goes out of the balloon" line.
The issue is that because of the system, a big slice of those people who didn't vote decided not to bother because their votes would have been thrown in the trash along with all those votes from California. Gerrymandering and the electoral college actively discourages voting. Red areas go red, blue areas go blue. If you don't live in one of the increasingly small number of 'purple' areas, whether you vote or not doesn't really matter. The only thing I can hope to affect are local issues, which is the only reason I bother to vote. Even then, my area votes something in the neighborhood of 80% straight GOP ticket, so good luck passing anything resembling a progressive agenda.
But you *have* to disenfranchise the urban voters so the rural ones have a voice. How's the GOP supposed to have a chance at the white house if all those *those* people in the cities had as much of a say as all 20 of those fine voters from Bumblefuck, WY?
Is Assange even in control of wikileaks at this point?
&gt; The question I get asked by religious people all the time is, without God, what’s to stop me from raping all I want? And my answer is: I do rape all I want. And the amount I want is zero. And I do murder all I want, and the amount I want is zero. The fact that these people think that if they didn’t have this person watching over them that they would go on killing, raping rampages is the most self-damning thing I can imagine. &gt; ~Penn Jillette
Don't cross old dudes on the verge of retirement, they rarely have fucks left to give.
It depends on if there is something still relevant to max level that is made with those items (utility items, transmogs, pets, mounts, etc). If they're only good for leveling, they're mostly vendor trash. Every server is different on which ones are valued because different people are working different niches, so you have to do your research.
&gt; RBG wanted to resign, but Obama specifically asked her to continue during his presidency. Because he knew he'd never get a jurist with her steel and liberal leanings into her seat with the people he was "working with".
Agreed.
Could be a difference in raiding populations. But everything has been slow recently with the current tier winding down (although last Tuesday may have set some records for me).
The top marginal income tax rate was over 90% at one point. But here's the kicker, almost no one paid that rate. You know why? They invested money back into their businesses to keep from claiming them as earnings, because otherwise they were 'lost' to taxes. That was the system working as intended. The object was to encourage the wealthy to keep their wealth circulating rather than getting siphoned out of the system and chilling in some investment vehicle.
The Arcatraz on heroic back in BC was difficult to pug (as one example I vividly remember). Even when people were geared, it wiped groups who didn't pay attention because there are so many unforgiving pulls. Not all of the dungeons in the previous expansions are that nasty, but there are several instances of similar mechanics that can't really be ignored, even in their time-walking versions. Legion heroics are super pillow-fisted compared to that design philosophy. Health pools have grown, CC has been deemphasized, and damage intake seems to be mostly 'slow and steady' (especially for the tank). It's totally different design philosophy. When someone screws up one of the mechanics in legion, they get slapped on the wrist for 15-20% of your health. There are a few more unforgiving things, but they are heavily telegraphed and you are given plenty of time to respond. As a healer, I can run a legion heroic on autopilot. Geared tanks can heal themselves through the content for the most part, needing only the occasional top up, and mostly I just babysit DPS. The same group in a timewalking dungeon makes me pay attention. The tank is constantly taking hits for 30-50% of their health, and DPS try to ignore mechanics and die pretty much instantly, rather than getting a gentle reminder that fire is hot.
You can do heroic maw in three pulls. The other legion heroics are similar in that you can pull all the trash between bosses in one pull, with very few exceptions. We haven't even started the second tier of legion content yet. Gear makes it easy, of course, but the basic heroics have never been this easy before.
I'd definitely buy a few baconators to see that.
My dane ate a whole bag of hershey's kisses (wrappers and all) and then shit giant turds that glittered in the sun for a few days.
That's really it. The attention to detail and coordination of the outfit are what make it stylish. Any individual piece of his wardrobe would just be normal "old people clothing" but everything together looks like a catalogue shoot.
My dad just retired from a job that now requires a master's in chemical engineering. He worked his way there with a high school diploma after his dad got him on right out of school. The position he started in now requires a minimum of an associate's in process operations, but they're starting to give more preferences to people with a BAAS.
My only issue with that is the "mandatory" part. You can do as much good with the carrot, without including a stick. Just put a program in place where anyone can go join up for civil service, get some valuable experience, a decent paycheck, and maybe some educational credits / college help and you'd accomplish more good without forcing people into it that have a different vision for their lives.
&gt; Finish highschool, hold any job, don't have kids out of wedlock. Make responsible financial decisions, work hard, save your income as much as possible... Then your clunker car throws a rod and the repair obliterates your savings in one fell swoop, you lose your job after being late juggling rides from friends and family over the week its in the shop, and everything is reset back to square one. The funny thing about being poor is that its pretty fucking expensive. Not being able to lay out more in the short term means you pay more in the long term. You rent ends up being higher than the mortgage on a similar place, your vehicle maintenance ends up being more than it would on a newer car, and on and on and on. When you do manage to save up a little money, shit happens and your savings disappear. This eventually teaches you the counter-intuitive lesson that if you don't spend money when you have it, it won't be there long. You don't dig yourself out of poverty with a high school diploma and hard work. It also takes at least one other ingredient, whether that be luck, connections, or innate talent. It's really easy to get trapped in a cycle of poverty, and very hard to get out of it.
Congrats on being one of the lucky ones.
No. It was luck. I'm not discounting your hard work, that was certainly a component, but the fact that you didn't suffer some setback or catastrophe that erased the progress of your hard work is the lucky part. Where would you be right now if you had broken your leg in 1999, gotten into a car accident in 2001, or just had the stars align (company politics / acts of god / changing business direction) to cause you to lose that key job you used to climb the ladder way back when? And that's not even taking account of the things that have changed in just the past couple of years. A cell phone and reliable internet access are all but required for job hunting these days. Not to mention that the post-recession employment landscape is a different animal than what you faced in your early twenties. Hard work is only one part of a complex equation that leads out of poverty, and it doesn't really help the situation if the people who do manage the slog hold nothing but contempt for the people stuck in the mire.
I love the excuses you bootstrappers toss out to defend your world view: "I need internet to find a job." "Go to the library." "The nearest public library is a 30 mile drive away." "Move somewhere you have access to one." "I need money to move and the cost of living is way higher in the places with the most opportunity." "So get a job." "..." Avoiding the common pitfalls *is* the definition of luck. You're also assuming that *anyone* can get a second job. I couldn't get s second job and hold the one I have now. I have the hours available in the day, but they wouldn't want to share me in terms of availability. But I do still hustle on the side to throw more money at my student loans. I'm doing mostly OK these days, but I've dealt with a lot of bullshit over the years. Things are hard, yo, and they're even harder if you don't begin life with a basic set of advantages. There's no such thing as being born into poverty and doing things 100% on your own and climbing into a comfortable middle class existence. Either you've got a great support network in your friends and family, you are blessed with natural talents, or you're in the right place at the right time to capitalize on an opportunity (and smart enough to notice it when it presents itself) -- and that's before you get a bad roll of the dice and end up with a shitty random encounter. One pitfall can erase the progress gained from a dozen windfalls. I know a lot of people working hard at long hours, saving everything they can, who never really manage to do much more than keep their head above water. The system we're operating in is designed to squeeze every nickle out of people that is possibly can. It's not suprising that the people with the fewest resources to exert their own pressure are the ones getting squeezed the hardest.
&gt; You think it's a coincidence that the economic policy of USA has become more socialist and people are making less money now than they did in the 60s? kek Social safety net programs have been getting gutted (and financial regulations dismantled) since the 80s, and we're *more* socialist? I think you need to step out of that Ron Paul bubble you stumbled into.
&gt; You actually don't know the facts. Social sec as a % of GDP has more than doubled in the last 40 years. Gov spending as % of GDP is skyrocketing. our society is factually more socialist now. Percentage of spending =/= increase in socialist policy. Population growth + increase in average age of the population = more social security spending. It's literally the boomer's fault that so much of the GDP goes to social security, because they are a very large demographic cohort, and they are all hitting social security age at the same time. The millenial cohort is also a large one, and if they make it to social security age, we'll see a similar spike in government spending (if social security still exists, which is doubtful). &gt; You legitimately are basing your ideas on feelings rather than facts. You don't know what the fuck you're talking about, you're just parroting the narrative. No U (see how that works?) You're basing you arguments on feelings, rather than facts, then going one further by cherry picking facts, removing context, and using them to reinforce your feelings.
Who said I was? My entire original thesis was just "shit's harder than it was for our parents". You can be "not poor" and have sympathy for (and emphasize with) people in poverty. But there is also a long gap between "not poor" and "middle class". I'm surviving, and I only have to eat ramen noodles sometimes, but I am still only one catastrophe away from being homeless.
Bernie does proudly call himself a socialist, and that would have been all they needed to instantly turn off a non-insignificant segment of the population. He may have fared better than Clinton, or the results could have been similar. We really don't know because the opposition never rolled out the attack against him because they wanted him to undermine Clinton (and I say all this as a Bernie supported). Seriously, socialist + closet atheist = nothing near a sure thing in american politics, regardless of how fired up his base was for him.
Our shepherd would just be slightly confused about why the nuggets moved on their own and had the crunchy bits on the inside.
&gt; This is exactly what we're seeing. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; A President who wants to see America burn. You're giving him too much credit. I think Trump's agenda can be summed up like this: 1.) Trump. 2.) TRUMP!!! 3.) ??????? 4.) Profit. Trump ran to build his brand, kept running because he likes the attention, and is slithering into office with no fucking idea what he does next except the vague, nebulous agenda of "be president". Everything he's done so far has demonstrated no strategy, plan, or process is in place, and he hasn't even bothered to read the 12 page owner's manual that came with the game. He's just plugging in his cronies, doing what he wants, and is going to keep using brute force and contempt to continue to mainline the media fix he gets off on while trying his best to enrich himself. The fact that america might burn down around him is incidental to the end goals. He's just a malignant cancer that feeds off chaos, an unholy demiurge bent on crafting the world in the image of reality television and sewing strife to feed the yawning, tooth-filled void of narcissism within him that he calls a soul.
There are a lot of regional cultures in the US, with very different sets of values beyond the basic broad strokes. "[A History of the Eleven Rival Regional Cultures in North America](http://www.businessinsider.com/the-11-nations-of-the-united-states-2015-7)," is a good bit of reading on the subject if you are interested.
What is the benefit of making you go through the motions of multiple rep grinds on the same account? I ask especially from the perspective of someone who doesn't care about the "roleplaying/lore" side of the equation. The first rep grind is fine and expected at this point, but by the time you're leveling a 3rd alt through the material just to do some crafting, having recipes gated behind exalted rep on 3 different factions is miserable. There's nothing "fun" about grinding rep with a faction for the 3rd time, and I really don't see the point in making people go through the motions more than once.
I'd prefer that they just make items purchased from the rep vendors BoA.
There is no gear grind to get raid ready unless you want one. That's already moot. For me personally, the cutoff point is when you need group content to progress. You can already buy a boost to 100, i personally wouldn't care if they let you buy a boost to 110 once you made it there on your first toon, but even as is, there are multiple pathways from 100-110. There's only one path through Suramar to get nightfallen rep. It's painful the second time, and torture the third. Same goes for the other factions. There are already so many account-based shortcuts in the game, I just don't understand why rep is the holy demarcation point that would be sacrilege to cross.
There's an argument to be made for leveling as a way to learn your class, but then they've already put boosts into the game, so you can skip most of the leveling experience if you choose.
How does not flying on alts put you at a significant disadvantage compared to the significant number of people who won't bother with the achievement on their mains? I'd argue that being denied a pretty good chunk of the baseline crafting patterns locked behind exalted on the various vendors is a comparable disadvantage for alts as an inability to fly on those characters would be.
No, I mean there is literally no gear grind to get raid ready if you want to spend gold instead. My second toon to ding 110 was 840+ the second I dinged 110 and was 855+ within 24 hours. Let me pay off the rep vendors with gold and I wouldn't be complaining ;-)
I dunno, felt pretty gated to me.
For my disc, it's this: &gt; #showtooltip power word: shield &gt; /cast [@mouseover,exists,nodead,help,][exists,nodead,help][@player] power word: shield It prioritizes whoever I am mousing over, my target, and then me--in that order. It's my general purpose healing macro so I don't need multiple keybinds when I am healing, versus when I am questing.
The reason I grind gold on the AH is so I can play the game without feeling the need to farm. There's an initial outlay of time to get things set up in a new expansion, but once you get alts leveled, TSM configured, and recipes unlocked, income is mostly passive. I can spend hours trolling the AH or sniping if I am in the mood for it, but most days I just cancel / repost during a couple of windows, and maybe troll the prices of a few key items while I am waiting for a group to form. That nets me about 270k in raw sales a day, on average (that's raw income, not profit). A little napkin math tells me that my average margins are about 35%, so I'm averaging about 95k in profit a day (about 650k a week) from probably 6-8 hours of dedicated "gold grinding" over the course of a week. Now if only I could figure out how to stop spending it ;)
The easy fix is to put rumbles at the end of the queue (and notify the folks in the instance). The jumping the line part is what allows people to grief with them.
Base ilevels from world quests, pvp, and other similar drops are connected to your character's average ilevel. On my alt, I boosted them up with crafted gear + obliterum and BoE epics, then the world quests go to a base of 840. A couple of lucky titanforges later and you have are more than ready for raiding / mythics.
[Maybe this time will be the time where Trump isn't lying...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=055wFyO6gag)
The felglass will drop fast, but for now they're going for absurd amounts. The drop rates for them from the boon boxes sucks for what the goggles are, but eventually the market will saturate and they will probably settle in around the 3-5k mark (my gut feeling, at least).
&gt; And when everyone has them, the profit margin will be even lower. Then people like you will complain about how your profession is no longer profitable. And yes, I do put stuff on the auction house, I make things on multiple toons that they have made with all their professions, I do that twice per day. The AH is a big part of what I find fun about the game. Trust me, I wouldn't care if this stupid multi-rank pattern stuff dies with legion and we go back to just learning patterns from trainers. I've made gold in every previous expansion that way, and I'll keep making gold in the future. &gt; "Reputation should be account wide so we can get those things we desperately need at exalted!" &gt; "They need to add better rewards at exalted so it's more rewarding to reach exalted!" &gt; Pick one please. These arguments don't work together. That's my point. Blizzard needs to pick one. They either need to put something meaningful behind the grind, or they need to make the bullshit they've chosen to gate BoA. You wouldn't hear me say a word if things like the saber's eye patterns, blingtron 6000, or other "top tier" crafted stuff was behind these time gates. Instead, they just randomly scattered *some* patterns for *some* professions behind rep gates. They did the profession related version of day 1 DLC with this ranked patterns, neutering them, then selling them back as rep rewards. Fuck me for wanting something interesting as a reward for a shitty rep grind, I guess. TL;DR - if the choice is bland rank 2 or 3 patterns for basic recipes for rep, let's skip it plz. If it is something cool/interesting/powerful, I wouldn't mind as much.
Dumb shit, mostly. I've dumped about 2 million on prepping for the Nighthold release. I wasn't planning on going that heavy on it, but reset night on 7.1.5 was so big that I sold through 2/3rds of what I had stockpiled for 7.2, so I decided to go deeper for tomorrow. Aside from investments, I pretty much just buy whatever I want on a whim. I'm not huge for saving it. I'll eventually get the spider mount, but there's always been other things I want, and my personal feelings are you should enjoy the fake gold instead of hoarding it. I will spend gold in lumps of 100-200k all night, but for some reason, dropping 2 million on one purchase has had me gun shy so far. I bought the wife and a couple of real-life friends a set of BoE's for their mains to help boost them through leveling, and a few more pieces at 110 to get them ready for content. I did pretty much the same for all of my profession mules since legion makes you level them to 110. I have 10 tokens waiting on the bnet balance changes that may never happen, I pay for the game time on 3 accounts, and I feed my wife's mount / pet addiction. I mean, pretty much whatever strikes my fancy, I guess. I've just about bought all I want so far, aside from some of the absurdly priced TCG mounts on my server (the only one I really want is the charger skull, and I missed the opportunity to buy the last one that hit my server). Assuming 7.2 pans out as I expect it to, I will probably finally pull the trigger on the spider, and then sort of settle in on stockpiling gold for the next expansion. Unless some new gold sink comes out in later legion patches, I will be about done with major purchases after that.
Sure, because only the democrats stayed home.
&gt; and no wonder they wouldn't do it if you take the server economy into account. Want to explain to me how the server economies would be negatively affected?
&gt; As an 'agnostic' in today's age, it is odd to me that my friends and I probably know more about Catholicism and Christianity than most Catholics and Christians One thing I remember vividly from my days as a southern baptist is that asking questions and doing research is generally discouraged. Your job as a christian is not to *question* the lord, but to *trust* in the lord (as interpreted by your esteemed elders in he church). I began losing my faith in my early teens. I was struggling because I didn't really believe in god, but the idea of hell was something I couldn't shake thanks to the fire &amp; brimstone our local congregation was fond of. I started asking clarifying questions of our youth pastor, and he straight up told me to stop because it was the devil who was putting those questioning thoughts into my ear and if I kept down the path I was on, it was sure to lead to hellfire. Thanks to that asshole, I would stay up at night grappling with the ideas of eternal damnation and wrestling with my mortality, inevitably ending in anxiety attacks. I was 13.
"Recently" is probably just patch related. Give it two weeks and see where prices are. It's probably not the action of one other person, but a lot of people shuffling for oblits / making shards to prepare for the patch releases over the last couple of weeks.
I did vote, it didn't matter. My national rep went unopposed, my state rep went unopposed, half of the state judges were unopposed, every county office up for election was unopposed, and the rest of the races were only slightly less of a foregone conclusion. Texas is so heavily gerrymandered at this point that the Dems barely bother to put up candidates at this point.
You can't really apply logic to faith, all it does is stir up cognitive dissonance in the people you're arguing with. I used to be itching for debate on religion when I was young, but at this point in my life I mostly just want it to stay out of schools and government, and for folks to leave me and my heathen ways alone.
What's the 'RP' stand for again?
no u
It will, trust that. Bots are dumping as it's been a while since the banwave. They'll rebound overnight when the next banwave hits. I'd be filling up a bank tab or two if roses were 33g on my server.
Yeah, I really enjoyed the tone of it. It definitely held my interest, even through the introduction of the cringe-worthy interpretive dance scenes, but then the ending sort of sucked out the last little bit charity was I willing to extend the premise, and it tipped over from feeling sincere (if absurd) to pretentious for me.
I don't know, this trailer was effective in that it definitely grabbed my attention and had me wondering enough about the movie to click on the link and figure out if there was a synopsis available. I've now spent more time thinking about it than I would have if it would have given me the premise, rather than just a really compelling 90 seconds of footage and creepy song.
He lost the popular vote while the FBI and Russia ran interference against his opponent. I'm not saying he wouldn't have won without the Russian psyops, or if the FBI's investigation into his Russian ties was made public alongside the Clinton investigation, but there are some flags on the play for his legitimacy.
Try finding a guild with older members. It's (usually) the teenagers / twenty-somethings that are the worst about this. Our merry band of assholes has an unusually high number of ladies that have glommed to us over the years specifically because no one gave a shit that they were women when they talked in vent.
&gt; We're adults though. That's the difference. Most boys grow out of the "omg it's a girl" reaction once they have wives and daughters at home.
LFR is not that bad as long as you go in with the right attitude.
Yeah, I was being sort of hyperbolic. It's mostly an age thing (though having an actual relationship is usually a good indicator that they've hit that milestone), though some guys never manage to grow up.
The difference is that in our capitalist society, the artist takes his paycheck from the rich guy's portrait and goes and works on whatever art he wants to work on without fear of being imprisoned. Everyone's gotta eat, and the tyranny of capitalism means you need to provide a product if you want a full belly, but no one is getting dragged in front of a firing squad for pursuing a hobby in between their commissioned pieces.
Yeah, I can be disappointed in Booker on a personal level, but there's nothing like watching a wig-wearing orange abomination slither into office to put things in perspective. I admit I did my share of criticizing Hilldawg, but that was back in the naive days of 2016 when Trump was just a silly weirdo and she was a sure thing. I voted for her, but I wasn't thrilled, and I complained about it. But now I have stared into the abyss, and the abyss has stared back.
Yup. That's really what it felt like, a pretentious art-house release, not something actually meant to be enjoyed.
Of course it's only my opinion, but this is just one of those songs that I feel like I am supposed to discuss the politics of, or praise the technical aspects of the time signature or juxtaposition of the discordant tones, but not actually enjoy listening to. I don't care about the politics of it. The music / style itself is just not my taste, and I was hoping for something else when I heard there was a new Gorillaz song out.
"What the market will bear" is the answer to all of these "I got something super rare, how much?" questions. Start high, but don't be afraid to pull the trigger if you get an offer in the ballpark of your asking price. This thing will depreciate quickly.
We're due for another banwave, but it will happen in Blizz's own time. When it hits, anything posted on the AH should remain until it expires, then disappear into the aether if it goes unsold.
That's what I mean by "disappearing into the aether".
They're going for around 125k-200k, depending on server, but the price is dropping fast.
Skinning / enchanting is a good combo for a first character getting into goldmaking. Enchanting is part gathering / part crafting, and enchants can make good money, and skinning is probably the most efficient gathering profession to turn time directly into gold now that the initial expansion rush is settling down for herbs and ore. A second toon to add leatherworking into the mix will further open up options for shuffling with enchanting.
Did I justify it? Just said violence is a tactic that people have been using to get coverage for a long time, even with the 'non-violent' civil rights protests. If it bleeds, it leads.
The single stats are definitely more rare than the double stat versions, though I am not sure if this is simply the probability of rolling the same stat twice at play, or if they are even more rare by design. My sample size isn't that large on the items I am crafting to sell, and most of the cheap stuff I make gets sharded, so I am not really paying attention.
Traffic tends to slow down near wrecks due to the rubbernecking too.
No shit. It's hard to blame education when education is so heavily politicized. Everything from common core, to health class, to basic lesson plans in science end up having these bullshit partisan shitstorm brew around it. The worst part is we don't even have to reinvent the wheel. The work done in some of the Nordic countries and in Japan and a few other standout locations already demonstrate various approaches that could be co-opted to improve out own education system, but there are too many religious and education special interests with their hands in the cookie jar to actually produce good results, so we vacillate between spending too much for too little return, then defunding when spending doesn't work.
It tends to be very cyclical. People are usually only buying fish when they are working on progression, so demand should pickup with nighthold. On top of that, people tend to cook in bulk, so you may sell nothing for a few days, then sell 5 or 6 stacks to the same person when they cook things up for their guild. In other words, be patient, and don't feel like you have to have the cheapest auctions listed. I cook to sell, and flip all of the in-demand cooking supplies, and both are steady (if not glamorous) money makers.
The most common argument I have heard from pro-Trump acquaintances has essentially boiled down to, "you liberals made us feel bad about being terrible people and Trump promised to make us a safe space where we can be terrible without repercussion." As much as I see these folks sharing stories bitching about "safe spaces in liberal academia", [they sure do get bent out of shape when people call them out for being terrible people.](http://mooretoons.com/comic/fetch/safe-space/)
There's a huge difference between a "contractor" and someone working for a company that has secured a contract, commonly referred to as a temp. While both are technically contractors, when you hear that word you picture a high paid white collar person who works for themselves (like your sister). There's a whole other subset of contractors who are essentially regular old low-wage employees, but the companies that use them classify them as contractors to skirt around employment laws and shirk payroll taxes. If a post office is hiring "contractors", it'll be the second kind, in most cases. They aren't going to bring in an independent contractor making six figures to fill a vacant administrative role, they're going to bring in a whole bunch of temps to work in the mail room, or as "temporary relief carriers" for around $15 an hour.
It's a big transfer of power from the executive branch to the legislative branch. Things like the net neutrality rules against blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization are a good example. The FCC tells Comcast not to be a douche to the public, Comcast whines to congress (and greases a few palms), and the rules get repealed by congress. Currently, congress can already do this, but it requires a veto-proof majority for them to countermand the executive branch, this bill will basically just let them 'lose' any regulation they don't like in legislative hell by not ratifying them.
But that's the thing, the dems really aren't going to the left so much as they are pandering to the left. The far right has shifted from trying to "conserve" the system to trying to tear it down. The Dems still mostly just want to keep things the way they are, and take a few baby steps forward. They're still mostly conservative, outside of a couple of "lefty" rallying cries like 'free public college' and the push for single-payer. And even with those, the solutions being offered are still mostly making use of the existing system, but pushing for public options to compete alongside the market. I'm not saying that's bad in theory, just that it's not really "left" so much as it is trying to preserve the progress we've made over the past couple of decades, while trying to take a small step or two forward.
&gt; And it should be pointed out a huge chunk of shitty regulations are due to regulatory capture and companies buying off politicians to add barriers to entry for their industry. This. Keep in mind that the lobbyists are only going to buy off the regulations putting limiters on their bad behavior, not the ones they previously paid for that keeps upstart competitors out of their established market. It will be the worst of both worlds.
They aren't betting on Trump, they're betting that the chaos he causes will breed opportunity that can be exploited.
Depending on the type of paint, simple green works well. You soak it for a day or two, then it should scrub off pretty easily with a soft bristled toothbrush.
This is one of those things that you'll probably want to post on your server's forum or other out of game areas with some staying power. They're niche items that have some value for the rep, but it will take some legwork to move for any decent amount.
Trump is a useful idiot that the GOP is creaming themselves over. They're do the most heinous shit they can as fast as they can, then let him take the credit (blame) for it, hang the millstone around his neck, and impeach him. They'll even use his professed affiliation as an example of their 'integrity' for voting to impeach "one of their own".
Conspiracy theorists are immune to cognitive dissonance. That usually goes double for racists.
That piece of advice is as easy to say as it is difficult to follow.
There also doesn't seem to be any difference in ilevel budget for green / blue / purple anymore. I had a few instances while leveling where green gear was an upgrade over quest blues at +5 ilevels over the blues. In the olden days a blue piece might still be better than greens you picked up 20 levels later, at least in terms of stats. Armor and weapon damage were pretty hard coded, but the stat budget for rares / epics was much higher than greens.
Because it never should have happened since an actually competent president would have some intern handling these posts who is spellchecking everything 15 times before clicking send rather than fat fingering it while trying to pinch a loaf. And then Spicer gets in front of the press and says, "The president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant" like it's some sort of planned inside joke because his ego won't let him admit he made a fucking spelling error.
&gt; You're looking way too deep into a spelling mistake made by [the president of the united states at midnight on twitter]. FTFY That's why this is important. This isn't my drunk uncle tweeting from the shitter. This is the POTUS crafting an official communication that will be preserved in official records at the National Archive for posterity.
Or vaginas.
Our time will come
Everything else aside, I'd honestly be happy if they just made it a separate button. I could overlook the rest to have an instant cast mountable flight form if I didn't have to give up my normal flight form to use it.
&gt; Profit is not made by selling expensive things, because there arent so many people who can afford them. No, there's a lot of profit in selling expensive things, you're just dealing with a very specific selection of buyers. It really just depends on what you're selling. To charge crazy amounts of gold for something, it needs to have scarcity. It's why current expansion items can't be pushed up to stupid costs for any length of time, there's no real scarcity. Anyone can convert their time into flasks / ore / whatever pretty easily. It's the things that can't be easily farmed or otherwise have some barrier of entry that injects scarcity into the mix that you can get away with charging crazy amounts of gold for.
I know it's probably common sense, but I was just going over inventory on my AH toons and it occurred to me that I have several 900+ nighthold BoE's that I need to get rid of pretty fast. Now that Tomb has a release date, those things are going to depreciate like room temperature milk. Get out while the getting's good, folks.
Sure, Trump wasn't personally being investigated at the time, just everyone he has surrounded himself with. When law enforcement goes to take down a cartel, they don't start with the cartel's boss. You have to work your way through all those layers of insulation between the street dealers and the boss before you move on El Jefe.
I agree we're going to shift to the left as demographics change, but Texas has its own culture that may be a little more resilient than you give it credit for. I also think we'll end up resembling California more than New York. The sprawl of the major metro areas will eventually hit critical mass and push government demographics away from ultra-conservatism, but there will be deep red pockets outside the cities for the foreseeable future, and they'll continue to influence policy for quite a while.
The only thing I miss about Louisiana is the food. If you leave, make sure it's within driving distance of Houston, Austin, or DFW.
Houston's cool. It's where my wife is from, and I have spent a lot of time there. The weather is nicer in Dallas, but if you take that variable out, I'd rather be near Houston. I'm pretty nocturnal, and the medical center in Houston means a lot of places are open 24 hours that you wouldn't expect. I fondly remember going out to get decent grub at 3am and then chilling and drinking coffee in the weird little bookstore off Montrose back in the day. Dallas is sort of like one huge, sprawling suburb. It reminds me of Beaumont, but enormous, and Beaumont is a shithole.
I've lost my dad and most of my family to right wing politics. He used to be a really good guy (at least in my memory), but Rush Limbaugh and talk radio just sucked all of the joy and compassion out of him over the years.
"It's just a normal New York [mob] conversation."
I've seen it. You could just as easily sub my dad into it with the way things have gone over the last twenty years.
Those 'business friendly policies' are pretty much just kickbacks. ExxonMobil is the largest oil company in the world (and 3rd largest company overall) and is headquartered in Irving Texas. What Exxon wants, Exxon gets, and they want lax industry regulation, low taxes, and no worker protections.
Because guys like Trump lie. Then they lie about lying. Then they lie about that. If he admits to a lie, he loses, and the only thing he hates more than losing is having to shop in the kid's section for mittens.
They manage the economy on the macro level, sort of like feds playing with interest rates, by adjusting drop rates, spawn timers, and introducing things like the blood trader. And as you said, they also deal with botters when they can be identified. They don't do it on the micro level by targeting individual goblins (that aren't cheating) or messing with prices.
I meant "they" as Blizzard in general. Blizz has no reason to use GMs for this sort of thing. There's sort of a mythos surrounding them that Blizzard perpetuates, but GMs are essentially just customer service drones. They're the MMO equivalent of the same folks you get when you call you cell phone provider to add a line or question a charge on your bill. They aren't making decisions about the health of the in-game economy or anything else requiring that sort of decision making. In general, they're just going to be enforcing the rules, answering questions, and assisting with bugs or basic troubleshooting.
As an alternative to oblits, look for the ring bindings. Obliterum was already 3k (up from 600-800) when I logged on, but I got a couple of hundred ring bindings for about 800 each. Each one of those yields about 1.3 oblits.
&gt; Comments on wowhead seem to indicate the items may not teach all of the old world flight points. Even if it is just 'most' it will be a welcome change. People have been asking for this for a long time.
It's just difficult to balance a spec that can do both. Blizz is having enough trouble balancing all of the various options without adding another thing into the mix. And let's not kid ourselves, even if they gave us an option to do either, one or the other would end up being the only 'viable' path to take anyway.
There are more spheres of science than biology.
No prob. Glad I could help a few goblins make some gold. It wasn't just oblits, but yesterday was one of the best days I have had all expansion.
Capitalism isn't just money. Money can exist in any society as a vehicle to exchange goods or distribute resources. Capitalism is a system that relies on private ownership of the means of production, and it leads to (and incentivizes) "[rent-seeking behavior](http://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/rentseeking.asp)", which is the real problem. As long as we encourage absentee landlords and resource hording, we won't fix the ills that damage our society. Success in a capitalist society is measured by how much excess value you can extract from the system for your own exploitation. It actively discourages altruism in favor of mercenary ethic. As long as every single drop of increased productivity is slurped out of the work of the rank and file and into the bank accounts of upper management, we're going to keep trundling towards disaster.
Capitalism is the problem. The entire system is built on private ownership of the means of production, which basically means workers don't own the fruits of their labor unless they're 100% self employed (and probably not even then due to the prevalence of rent-seeking). The system is innately parasitic and exploitation is baked in. Success in the system virtually requires shitty behavior and actively discourages altruism. You can try to mitigate the damage with regulation, but you'll never fix all of it, and the wealthiest interests will constantly seek to wield their wealth as a cudgel to beat down any regulations you put in place. It's unsustainable.
They may be 'better', but that doesn't necessarily mean they are 'good'. And I'd wager you'll find that those "good" societies become progressively better the further they move away from true capitalism and towards communal ownership of business organizations.
What motivation? It's not motivation, it's a threat. You don't give people enough credit. They'll find their own motivation without being threatened with starvation and destitution.
The self flagellation people demonstrate when defending capitalism sort of blows my mind. So many times I see people say we need capitalism to 'drive innovation' or 'provide motivation'. What they're really saying is 'if I don't have the gun of starvation pressed against my head I won't get off the couch'. You gotta give the folks working on branding credit, they've convinced a lot of people to love the lash.
A DK that know what he's doing doesn't just self sustain, he negates the need for tank healing outright unless you're got really shit affixes or are screwing up mechanics. Prot pallies have a lot of good things working for them, a better utility toolkit being a big one, but no other tank can keep up in the sheer amount of self-healing DKs are capable of. On top of that, AMS is on a short cooldown and trivializes a lot of affixes and mechanics that you run into on M+. The DPS gap also isn't as big as it used to be, especially since 7.2.5.
In an absolutist sense, it could be argued that the owner of the small local shop is still profiting from labor they aren't producing, so it is still exploitative. For me personally, it's a matter of degree. Things tend to be better the closer the owner is to the employee because empathy plays a role. The further the owner is removed from the front line, the less ethical the business tends to be as employees transition from people with faces and names to line items on a spreadsheet. I'm a realist, not an absolutist. I don't expect to be living in a star trek utopia tomorrow, but that doesn't mean I can't recognize the damage our current system is doing and question why things continue to be the way they are. Rent-seeking is poisonous, and it permeates every facet of our society. There is something fundamentally wrong with the fact that people can lay claim to property that they never intend to personally use, and deny use to people that need it in a bid to extract as much money from them as possible. The worst part about this system is the trend in our capitalist society is consolidation. With every passing generation the wealth of our society is passing from individuals to the control of a smaller and smaller collection of corporate entities. Think about the whole system as an abstraction. The money you earn is literally hours of your life. You go to work, and give 40 hours of your life to your employer, and he hands you back five of those hours at the end of the week and keeps the rest. You go home and then hand two hours to your landlord, another hour here and there to your bill collectors, and hope you have a few left for yourself when its all said and done. Almost every entity you interact with on a daily basis is trying to take your hours from you, specifically as many as they can get in return for the smallest possible cost they can get away with. Returning to your hypothetical, that small business owner may be more generous in the number of hours he hands back to you, but he's still ultimately a vampire who is taking your life in small increments to fill up his bank account. At the end of the day, if you choose to walk away from the employment relationship, you do it with nothing to show from the relationship outside of what you manage to save (purchased with fractions of your time that belonged to you in total before you gave most of it to him) and perhaps a little experience that might make your more attractive prey for the next rent-seeking parasite you enter into symbiosis with. You don't build equity, you don't own any of the fruits of your labor, you just get a fraction of the productivity generated with your hours that were parceled back to you. Somewhere along the line the employee / employer relationship became skewed. Employers don't consider themselves lucky to have you working for them, you're told that you're infinitely replaceable and are lucky to have a job. The system uses artificial scarcity to "motivate" the people operating within it using the threat of withholding basic necessities if you don't choose to participate. With the way collective bargaining has been undermined, and the safety net eroded, people have lost the ability to say no to exploitation. The only option left is to suck it up and get screwed, or starve. Anyone who owns a business with employees in that climate is ultimately guilty of the same exploitation. Though some might make an effort to minimize the harm they're doing or treat people with some level of dignity, they're still ultimately benefiting from an unjust system.
You're not "buying in bulk" in this instance, you're paying for convenience. I regularly make a lot of gold by 'neat stacking'. I spend my time buying up all those stacks of 3 or 7 herbs/fish/meat, restack them in stacks of 20/50/200, and then list them for more than I paid. People pay me extra for "shipping and handling".
My experience (mostly as healing) is that DKs and pallies generally do well most weeks. Some affixes tend to hit warriors harder than other tanks, but all other things being equal they're strong as well. Demonhunters are either amazing or terrible, but I think that is more of a player issue than a class issue, as the demon hunter mains tend to be good, but it seems like everyone has one as an alt and not everyone understands how to tank with them. Druids are in a weird place in that they're generally pretty strong in M+ (close to top tier) but they also tend to turn into mana sponges at a certain point, and depending on the healer, that can be rough when chasing the timer. **Edit**: Forgot monks. The Brewmaster mains are all a dream to heal for in M+, especially as a druid. Damage intake is so smooth, and they just shrug off so many affixes thanks to their toolkit. Unfortunately they're rare enough that I forget to mention them in posts like this.
These things are really terrible. There's no such thing as a self-sustaining, closed system with macro life that you can cram into a bowl that small. Those shrimp are just very hardy and take a long time to die, but the conditions they are in are super shitty and pretty cruel. Rather than something like this, I'd suggest popping on over to r/shrimptank and doing a little research into keeping something like cherry shrimp. A nano setup is small (and probably cheaper than one of these orbs), and you get the added benefit of actually seeing the animals thrive.
[The research is in.](https://www.voterstudygroup.org/reports/2016-elections/political-divisions-in-2016-and-beyond) Those libertarians never really existed. They're just republicans who like weed.
Because higher income people are "over-represented" and there's more profit in mass incarceration.
What you're describing was the whole point of this study. They set out to actually look at the various policy positions of registered voters, rather than self-reported labels, and attempt to identify broad groups of ideologies. What they found was that people who were fiscally conservative and socially liberal (where libertarians would have fallen in this study) essentially don't exist as a voting bloc. Less than 4% of those included actually held beliefs in line with that position. In other words, despite self-reporting as being libertarian, or registering as libertarians, most of those folks actually hold populist or traditionally republican positions.
[This scatterplot shows what I am referring to.](https://www.voterstudygroup.org/assets/i/uploads/reports/Graphs-Charts/1101/figure2_drutman_e4aabc39aab12644609701bbacdff252.png) The mostly empty bottom right quadrant (socially liberal / fiscally conservative) is where libertarian ideals would fall. Less than 4% actually did.
That's the whole point. They aren't represented in the plot because the number of voters who actually hold libertarian positions are just shy of statistically insignificant as a portion of the electorate (3.8%).
What this more recent study revealed is that though individuals might hold a few libertarian viewpoints, almost none posses what could be described as a coherent libertarian ideology. When taken as an aggregate the vast majority of the electorate fit into three broad categories: "liberals" (socially liberal / fiscally liberal), "populists" (socially conservative / fiscally liberal), and "conservatives" (socially conservative / fiscally conservative). The 4th broad category (socially liberal / fiscally conservative), where libertarians would slot into the matrix,[ is essentially nonexistent.](https://www.voterstudygroup.org/assets/i/uploads/reports/Graphs-Charts/1101/figure2_drutman_e4aabc39aab12644609701bbacdff252.png) That's not to say there's truly no such thing as libertarians 9big or small 'L'), just that you're not going to make it very far trying to base a campaign on a true libertarian ideology in the current political climate.
&gt; Those 2 answers form the basis for a libertarian "coherent" viewpoint. It all depends on he questions you ask and how you ask them. Those two answers don't form the basis of anything. They're based more on emotion than anything resembling policy. Ask those same folks who said the "government is trying to do too many things" whether they'd be in favor of getting rid of medicare or social security in favor of private options and you'll get a totally different set of answers. The vast majority of people with "libertarian views" don't really hold libertarian positions on most major policy points. They want government to stay out of their business when it's convenient, but they still want that social security check when they retire.
The jewelcrafting market also tends to have the highest number of campers (in my experience). Heck, I've camped it myself in the past, and when I am bored and binging netflix I have been known to do what the "botter" is doing to other players just to screw with them. I also know I have been reported in the past for it ;)
Speculation is most of the things currently on the weapon will get baked into the classes, either through talents or become baseline. Or they may just toss everything out and do another major overhaul.
People also don't seem to understand how much easier it is to find proper fitting close when you have the normal (attractive) body proportions. I am overweight and also very tall (6' 8"). From experience I can say that "Big &amp; Tall" stores should be called "Big or Tall" stores.
The point is the system is still corrupt, and they still win at the end of the day. A responsible system would prevent the cop from issuing the ticket in the first place if they looked up and saw the sign was hard to read. They don't reward cops for using their discretion, though. They lean on them for not 'maintaining their stats'. The system isn't interested in being reasonable, it's interested in maintaining revenue. Even if you beat the ticket it's a Pyrrhic victory. You still wasted your time, missed work, and end up owing court fees. You might dodge the ticket (if you can prove it), but you still end up losing. There's a middle ground between "Mad Max" and "government-sponsored mugging". It's just that the local government prefers the revenue they get from the tickets to actually working towards general quality of life for the folks living in the area, and the worst parts of this system disproportionately fall on the folks too poor to be able to pay to bypass it.
The AH will be a bloodbath when / if they start merging on that scale and the goblin tycoons on various servers are forced into the same markets.
It will destabilize the community. A large portion of the playerbase will become transient as they chase greener pastures from server to server if there is no barrier to moving your toon. They should be more proactive with free transfers to balance faction populations, but opening it up as a free for all is going to mean people bounce all over the place and throw a monkey-wrench into server load balancing.
That and how they might uncover an inconvenient truth about who benefited from any "election irregularities" they manage to uncover.
Hey now, those cows and trees in Wyoming deserve as much of a say in the direction of this country as those folks in Los Angeles.
Are you on a low pop server or high pop? The strategy I would use is different depending on population. Either way, I'd put pressure on crafting materials. Buy them up until they are a 15-20% over market value, and flip / craft with them (whichever makes more sense). At that point, if on a high pop server, I'd just keep the pressure on the materials and wait for the camper to sell out or for their margins to erode to unprofitability, if low pop, I'd also undercut a wall low enough that they are either faced with the choice of posting for a loss (at which point I'd buy them out and repost) or they back down. If you are having an issue with this, I am guess you're on a low pop server. On tich, I deal with a lot of people camping and undercutting, but the issue is negligible because the volume of items sold turns over so fast that unless they post a huge wall, my things are still selling. People also tend to only post a single stack size, so if they are undercutting aggressively with singles, I just post above their prices in stacks, and vice versa. On a low pop, you can pressure them until they aren't making a profit, but ultimately this will come down to the two of you comparing bank accounts. The one willing to take the bigger loss during your game of AH chicken wins. A better strategy might just be finding out when they typically post and putting yours up when they aren't camping.
I'm just going to the corner store for cigarettes.
&gt; The change pushes people to only do keys that could reasonably result in gear upgrades. The change basically just discourages people from doing dungeons. Now that people are getting used to the changes, it's working out exactly as I expected it to. Higher geared people are only running high keys, and they're really only doing the one they need for the weekly, and people with lower keys are sitting in group finder waiting on tanks and healers. It's great that they addressed the AP grind and all, but it sucks that they did it by killing half the interest in M+ runs. The best part about the old key system was how the "rarity" of keys helped people get groups (especially for DPS). Having a key meant you were pretty much guaranteed to get at least a run or two every week. The new key system means a lot of people have simply stopped pugging dungeons at all because there's no need to ever look outside your core group for new keys.
Yup. Price negotiations will never work in your favor if you don't have the option to walk away from the table.
My uncle got my cousins a gokart back in the day. They're 'irish twins' and pretty much hated each other when they were younger, so he had the bright idea to get a two-seater thinking that one could ride while the other drove and that would minimize the fights. We went over to witness the maiden voyage, and the older one got the honor of the first drive. He started making a lap, and rapidly decided it was fun to swerve around, forcing the brother to hold on to keep from being thrown out of it. This went on a bit, and the little brother got mad, but stuck it out until his turn. As soon as he took over, he mashed the gas before his brother had time to secure the seat belt (and get away from the adults), and immediately began kicking his brother in the side to force him out of the cart. He finally succeeded in making his older brother lose his grip, and he tumbled out of the cart, but the cuff of his jeans hooked onto something and he was dragged (screaming) about 50 yards through the dirt and mud while my uncle sprinted after them. They eventually hit a bump large enough to jar him loose, and he was run over by the cart while my little cousin fled the wrath of my uncle. Miraculously no one was severely injured (though my older cousin had tire-tread shaped bruises down his back the next day), and when we left, they loaded the cart into the back of dad's pickup. And that is the story of how I got my first gokart.
Farming is for plebs. I generally only farm materials in the early portion of the expansion when everything is super inflated. My recommendation is leveling a crafting profession or two and farming the AH with some of the typical shuffles, or getting into flipping. I assume you have an alch. Flasks are still where I make most of my money, followed by cooking and enchanting. The only profession I haven't managed to make a significant amount of gold on this expansion is engineering.
Are they a loss with rank 3? That's where all the profit is for most of alchemy. But, I can see how lower pop servers would be an issue. You need some sort of raiding population to keep demand strong for them. I don't keep them listed 24/7. I mostly focus on 'prime time' periods, and just keep an eye out when the supply dips. You also need to do some 'maintenance' on the market, both in keeping some pressure on material prices, and on targeted resets, but alchemy has been a consistent source of profit for me all expansion.
You'd be surprised how fast gold begins to accumulate as your balance climbs. The old, "it takes money to make money," adage is true. The more gold you have, the more ability you have to exploit opportunities when they come down the line. And as your balance climbs, the need to be in multiple markets becomes more pressing to leverage all of those opportunities.
Full of drowned bees.
&gt; So buffs like this cause a big influx of mats. More like 'negligible blip'. The people willing to sink hours at a time into farming were farming before the buff and will be after. Very few people are going to put much effort into farming with the buff active if they weren't already. The biggest effect of it is Reinforced Reins don't really sell for a few days and those farmers save a little gold.
Not to mention the tendency for people to drum up the details for dramatic effect when gossiping, and gossip is what this video depicts.
Trump's pathological need for validation would be funnier if he wasn't in charge of nuclear weapons.
Trump's pathological need for validation would be funnier if he wasn't in charge of nuclear weapons.
Yeah, paladins are spoiled for sure. That auto-silence on the shield is awesome, on top of all the other ways they can shut a mob down. Most of my tank experience is on the DK. The standard interrupt and the stun carries me through most mechanics that need to be shut down, and I just call out from specific people when I need more. DPS are usually paying too much attention to their rotation, procs, and the meters to get out of fire. Taking something off their plate that doesn't really make my role harder is just a small way to help out the healers imho.
They really need to add in a couple of decent gold sinks.
One issue is druid healing is tuned for legion right now, and legion has a very different style for healing compared to previous expansions. Health pools are enormous, damage intake tends to be rather steady, and one-shot mechanics are pretty rare, so the HoTs are tuned for that environment. The overall design (outside of high-key M+ and progression raiding) is for mistakes to hit the healers in their mana bar, rather than for mistakes to kill players. Lower level content is the opposite, as the amount of damage dealt (compared to health pools) is much higher and the HoTs tick for comparatively lower values compared to the damage taken. For lower level content, you will be using a lot more direct heals than you will at max. Keep regrowth and swiftmend ready to go and you should be fine. Also, don't be afraid to speak up and tell the tank that he needs to make smaller pulls if you are struggling. Most people will understand. What sort of tank you have will also affect your experience. Pallys just about don't need a healer due to the potency of their self heals at low levels, and warriors / druids are really solid in terms of their mitigation, but low level monk tanks can be painful to heal for if the player doesn't understand the class (which is a shame, because a properly played monk tank synergizes really well with a druid healer). Cata content (80-85) will be the worst portion of leveling as a healer, as the one-shot mechanics are all over the place, the damage output is punishing when players make mistakes, and the debuffs mobs apply are tuned for an era when dispels weren't on a cooldown, but things become faceroll as soon as you get into pandaria content.
No problem. If you have any specific questions to ask, feel free. I'm no expert, but I have leveled monk, priest, and druid healers during legion, and I am currently raiding as a resto druid.
Even a 5 person mount would be cool, but I was talking more about a gold sink that most people would make use of, not some big super-expensive vanity item. For example, I think it's about time they put a 'legendary reroll' into the game, and simply making that a semi-expensive item you could purchase would be a great way to suck some gold out of the economy (and fix some of the legendary QQ). They could make it prohibitively expensive, but not totally out of the reach of the average player. Maybe in the 10-25k range.
The birth of modern American libertarianism happened in the same post-war period, and it isn't a coincidence. Milton Friedman and his work was essentially the product of an astroturfed corporate lobbying group called the Foundation for Economic Education (FEE). [Here's an article that tells a little about the origins of the FEE](https://www.nsfwcorp.com/dispatch/milton-friedman/), and here's some choice bits: &gt; A partial list of FEE’s original donors in its first four years includes: The Big Three auto makers GM, Chrysler and Ford; top oil majors including Gulf Oil, Standard Oil, and Sun Oil; major steel producers US Steel, National Steel, Republic Steel; major retailers including Montgomery Ward, Marshall Field and Sears; chemicals majors Monsanto and DuPont; and other Fortune 500 corporations including General Electric, Merrill Lynch, Eli Lilly, BF Goodrich, ConEd, and more. &gt; ... &gt; Libertarianism” was a project of the corporate lobby world, launched as a big business “ideology” in 1946 by The US Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers. ... The purpose of the FEE — and libertarianism, as it was originally created — was to supplement big business lobbying with a pseudo-intellectual, pseudo-economics rationale to back up its policy and legislative attacks on labor and government regulations.
The post-war libertarian movement took classical liberalism, cherry-picked parts of the ideology, discarded other parts, included a hardcore anti-labor narrative, and repackaged the remaining corporate authoritarian ideology as "libertarianism".
I'm not discussing whatever version of libertarianism you subscribe to, but the actual libertarian organizations working to bring their agenda to fruition in the US. The organized libertarian movement, and various think tanks that exist under that umbrella, is pushing a very specific ideology backed by corporate money and built on an agenda crafted by big business, for big business.
The expansion is showing its age. A lot of people are wandering off to other games. Less people playing means less money circulating in the economy and fewer buyers competing for goods.
