Bob is a lot better at finding your early interaction to blunt what your opponent is doing on the first few turns. Against stuff like affinity, hardened scales or humans you’re never going to have the breathing room to play a tracker and then crack clues while Bob will make sure you hit your fatal pushes and trophy’s as you start attacking in. I think a 4/2 split of Bob Tracker is where I’m happy in the current meta
I actually think the grapnels are useless on your pistol and knife dudes. That’s a model that is always going to be either advancing or charging and you’ll never come up with a situation where you want to plop it on top of a tall terrain piece to shoot with its pistol so it’s really not worth taking. The carbine on the other hand can be worth taking high ground with a normal move and then shooting so the grapnel pulls its weight there.
Only when making a normal move unfortunately
Ork Kill Team "Silent Thunda". Band of sneaky gits waging their own mini WAAAGH after coming to the realization that every big WAAAGH they've been involved in got ruined by umies using cheaty tactics like orbital bombardment and ruining the opportunity for a good scrap. Their Leader Grot, Gitzog Shinsmasha took control of the team with the cold hard logic of Ork reasoning. Namely, a grot could never be put in charge of a squad of big killy orks unless that grot was incredibly kunnin. Therefore, if they put him in charge, that'd make him really really clever because obviously he would have to be. Every mission brings with it the chance of failure and a savage kicking so Shinsmasha's motivations are to either win every battle, or make sure every Ork in the squad don't make it back in one piece. Either way is fine, really. The Kommando Boss Nob Fragbad 'eart Rippa considers himself the best shootin ork that ever lived. He's got a Gretchen spotter on his back to feed him ammunition and spot targets, a 12x magnification scope on his slugga, and a kustom range finda lense on his helmet that accounts for elevation and windage. Still hits on 5+ at point blank. My loota Snazgunna the Admiral of Dakka was until recently one of 4 Lootas in an Ork heavy weapons detachment. A sneaky Catachan marine one day snuck among the lootas as they were firing downrange, right before he struck an ammo Grot called out the umie and the Lootas turned on the Guardsman among them. All 4 Lootas unleashed their full firepower at point blank mulching both the Guardsman as well as each other until only Snazgunna and a thin organic mist remained. This was widely acknowledged to be the proudest moment of the 813th Loota detachment and Snazgunna tells of it frequently. Still coming up with personalities for the rest.
I think some of the Imperium Commander options are really interesting (UR-025 and Janus Draik seem excellent) but the servants of the abyss are a few special weapons away from being good I suspect.
Not just that, aside from the commander they have no (unless I missed one) multi damage weapons at all which means they're going to struggle to actually take units out of action. Ganging up on single units with multiple cultists might work to punch through, but having played Orks for this month's campaign I really think the multi damage weapons are what you need in order to make sure your injury roll actually takes a unit out of action instead of just generating flesh wounds
When housing prices increased by double digits year over year for the past decade?
30 points for UR-205 is a steal since you get a heavy bolter, a pile of wounds, the ability to regenerate wounds every turn and a melee weapon that will discourage your opponent from ever wanting to get into melee with it. You're really getting quite a lot for 30 points.
Yeah I think it's a very strong unit for the points cost.
https://i.postimg.cc/yYM88bBG/5-CE0-AB64-15-EA-4-E9-E-8257-51-DC6-D3-D2-D04.jpg
&gt; Well really, when people dash across in front of traffic, or idiot drivers on cell phones. What more can he do? Road design has a fairly well documented link in reducing traffic fatalities. This is what it looks like when you have a mayor who actually wants to reduce traffic deaths; https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/03/nyregion/queens-boulevard-of-death.html
Yes
Unexceptional Old House or Luxury Condo Investment Units that won't make a dent in housing supply.
Plasma if you have the points available
&gt; It sounds like they are looking for special powers to prevent guests from visiting you. Possibly. But the issue is that the gangs and drug dealers are taking over units and threatening the tenant that they'll come after them if the tenant doesn't fight to keep them there, so I do believe there is a motivation there to actually address this using powers that they don't currently have.
&gt; Russia's ships are poorly maintained, but don't underestimate it either. Most Russian weapon systems are build to be buried in mud for a century and still work. Ehhhh https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/10/21/russian-carrier-plagued-by-technical-problems/
Fantastic
"You selected 'you' meaning me. The correct answer was you!"
Yeah part of what makes pauper so fun is that you get to play with a lot of old commons where the power level is high enough that they were banned from modern (artifact lands, blue cantrips and such) or weren’t ever printed in a modern legal set but are power enough they’d probably see play if they had been. Recent sets don’t have a powerful enough pool of pauper cards to really make exciting decks out of IMO
Seriously. Good luck winning on a platform of reasonable and sensible solutions for the city moving forward when you have to beat the guy promising a subway on every corner for every resident folks!
Agreed. People in Toronto largely rejected him because we were familiar with his lying scumbag tendencies thanks to firsthand experience, I'm so angry that this motherfucker managed to con enough people into voting for him and he's already going back on literally one of the only positions he even ran on (THE MAN RAN ON NO FUCKING PLATFORM FFS) within 6 months of getting into office. It's just infuriating
&gt; This isn't a strip club, or a crack Den Incidentally if you want to open a crack den you don't have to consult with anybody and the city will pay you to operate it, which considering the bullshit we're dealing with at Dundas and Sherbourne I'm pretty bemused at the fuss being raised over a daycare.
The City needs to consider tighter rules on how they run shelter locations before they start opening up more city sanctioned fucking crackhouses. As is, I live not far from Margaret's at Dundas and Sherbourne and it's been a fucking cancer on the neighborhood specifically because of the city enacting policies that enable the most awful shit to happen on site and spread into the neighborhood. People are specifically allowed to hang out on the property on the sidewalk and smoke crack openly, get black out hammered, punch the shit out of someone and scream and play loud music, all night, every night and the low barrier model specifically makes it so those people can't be denied service. Then you have a large crowd of people openly doing drugs so the drug dealers hang out and operate on the respite centres property and that's also fine too apparently, because nobody does anything about it. And when you speak to the city specifically about the area in front of the respite centre looking like an Entertainment District at last call for crackheads, they'll tell you that they don't have the staff to manage anything going on in front of the center. So honestly, fuck the city until they can come up with manageable compromises that respect the residents of the areas they want to open their emergency shelters in. I can tell you from experience that you absolutely do not want to live next to the fucking shelter where the worst assholes in the shelter system will move into specifically because you're allowed to get fucking trashed, get high, assault people and scream death threats all night because you don't have a curfew and don't have any rules anyway.
Having a need for a service does not give you free reign to provide those services in a harmful and dangerous manner. The fact that the city needs more shelters (they do) and that it's a service that needs to be provided (it does) does not mean it's fine to use a model which isn't fucking working. As a hard fact, the number of robberies, assaults and sexual assaults in the Dundas and Sherbourne area have outpaced the increases in the rest of the city since the respite centre went 24 hours. You can view them here; https://app.powerbi.com/view?r=eyJrIjoiNWI0Njc2OTQtMzkyNi00ZTIxLTllNGItYjZhYmM3M2JjMGM0IiwidCI6Ijg1MjljMjI1LWFjNDMtNDc0Yy04ZmI0LTBmNDA5NWFlOGQ1ZCIsImMiOjN9 Secondly, the people at this corner are people living in community housing, supportive housing, and housing for seniors. There is no luxury condo building on this corner, but there are seniors who get assaulted and threatened by respite centre users. There are people in supportive housing who can't get to their fucking front door because that's where the crack dealers have set up. There are old people who can't sit on the bench at the streetcar stop because there are respite users smoking crack there. Where the fuck are their rights? It's trite horseshit to suggest the people living here are well off and have "never wondered where they will sleep next" but it's not fucking Rosedale, it's Moss Park and the people being victimized because of the city's terrible policies are people who can't afford to move anywhere else. So respectfully, fuck you. You're more than welcome to come down and invite the guy screaming he's going to "fucking kill you" to come sleep in the lobby of your building if you're so concerned about where he's going to sleep.
Hey man, Ontario is Open For Business now, and just because trickle down economics haven't worked at all in one single example throughout history doesn't mean that it won't work here in Ontario *this* time. Also, this article doesn't seem to take into account the awesome savings Ontarians are realizing now that we've got buckabeers for all.
Hey, having trouble with timing on some interactions. Specifically my opponent played a dauntless bodyguard which let's him choose another creature when it ETBs. In response to the cast I let it resolve hoping to cast down the creature he chose on ETB, only for it not to give me priority on ETB at all. Is there no way to respond to the ETB trigger or is there some way I have to request priority when the trigger happens that I'm not seeing?
Perfect, thanks!
Multiple times. Saw a guy across the street attacking another dude with a 2 x 4, called police, nobody showed up. Saw a guy pulled over at the side of the road drinking Bombay Gin straight from the bottle and smoking crack with his engine running. Called the police and after 34 minutes of drinking straight Gin and hitting a crack pile he put his car in gear drove up on the sidewalk and drove off, cops never showed up. Asked a dude to get off my property and he threatened to kill me and told me to fuck off. Called the police they never showed up. I actually can’t think of a time I called the police and they did show up.
All in Toronto over the past six months or so.
&gt; Its a duel to see who can destroy the most Toronto street intersections...Shoppers or Rexall now Hey man, don't count out Tim Horton's or A&amp;W
&gt; he may or may not be ideal for the job but he has an interesting perspective. A six year old would also have an interesting perspective but it sure doesn't mean they're appropriate for the position based on that fact.
It was Suicide Zoo IIRC, Grixis Death Shadow wasn’t seeing play at the time probe got banned I don’t think
&gt; A spokesperson for Mayor John Tory says the mayor has repeatedly expressed his support for adding additional capacity to the shelter system and opening more 24-hour respite sites. Our mayor folks. He's already made multiple statements expressing support, what more can he possibly do???? /s
I mean, Kibler hasn’t played magic at the pro tour level in years so the others aren’t honestly that different these days except that Kibler has a far more accomplished history in MTG
&gt; even teferi isnt an instant "i win" card. have a setup where hes forced to -3 and hes a shock away from death. I mean, even if you do that it’s still a 2 for 1 for the control player, which is still a very strong play. I’m seeing a ton of control in the constructed events over the last couple days so I’m playing big red and doing quite well with it, but teferi can be pretty hard to get out from under with a lot of decks depending on the texture of the game. If you stumble on the first few turns or kept a reactive hand and you’re not able to get some early threats out to get under the counter spells it’s probably more time efficient to just scoop to a turn 5 teferi
Well in paper it wouldn’t even be slow playing or stalling it would be just refusing to play since the interaction would go “I loop nexus of fate a million times” “ok then what?” “...” which would be the easiest judge call you’ll ever see.
But the problem isn’t that you can loop nexus of fate infinitely, it’s that you can do so without a wincon. If players can set up the nexus loop while also hitting for x damage from a creatureland or ticking up a planeswalker towards a game winning ultimate or advancing the board state in any way this interaction would be fine. The problem is that MTGA allows you to do something you can’t do in paper which is to loop infinitely without advancing the board state. Some way of addressing this shortfall in Arena’s rules engine is IMO a better approach than erratas for a card that could interfere with valid gameplay uses.
I am thrilled to see Gerry making a salary from MTG next year after all that’s happened this year. And getting to watch more Reid Duke just makes me incredibly happy
Especially as the card pool increases and the power level and synergies go up. If decks in other formats like affinity or dredge only had to win a BO1 their win rates would be absurdly inflated and it’s a necessary balancing mechanic of MTG that the more powerful strategies tend to be more vulnerable to sideboard cards and are much less viable post board. Without that balancing element formats like standard plus are going to be a non starter
I’ve been on the matchup from both sides and there’s a lot going on that makes it rough for eldrazi. Chalice doesn’t do much because of vials and cavern, meddling mage can often name your only out (like when you’re swamped on board and need to be able to cast all is dust) and to a large extent the way eldrazi tron stabilizes is by playing giant creatures the opponent can’t attack through which is quite bad in the face of reflector mage. Humans can easily go y’all enough that the eldrazi can’t attack through the board stall and then mantis rider just finishes games uncontested. It’s a very bad matchup for eldrazi tron
Couple things I’d change. The flamers aren’t doing you a lot of good, and honestly while I like the hand flamers on regular acolytes, putting them on your rock saws and cutters is a waste of points since you always want those dudes in melee and they’re going to be priority targets as is, you’re better to spread the points out and give them base autopistols. I do like combat spec on a rock cutter to try and mitigate the -1 to hit, but zealot is wasted on the rock saw IMO. Hitting on 3s with S8 AP-4 2 damage is going to kill most stuff so you won’t get use out of the extra attack and you certainly won’t get use out of the extra strength. Other options like making an acolyte leader with rending claws or laswhip and bonesword into a zealot will get you more mileage. I don’t know if an aberrant is worth the points in general but maybe you’ve had good luck with it. As for genestealers, I like them in GSC A LOT, but you have to play to their strengths. They’re decently killy (Acid Maw and toxin sacs are very strong IME) but their main thing is their mobility. Use them to flank around sides and screw up your opponents positioning, or to capture out of the way objectives. The leadership 9 also makes you better against break tests. They’re good at charging something and hopefully killing it, but that’s not all they’re good for. I personally have started to experiment with using one as a veteran specialist so that with advance deployment and the veteran tactic you’re looking at an average 19 inch move before the game starts letting you land that turn one charge and completely screw up the opponents game plan before the match even starts and also buying your other guys breathing room to move up while your opponent tries to deal with the fact that their blight launcher got charged before it was set up, or their leader got charged right off the bat. Play your genestealers a bit more tactical and you’ll get more out of them than trying to just charge in and smash face.
Hey, thanks :) Skin was really simple, just Rakarth flesh with nuln oil. Wanted to go with a very ashen skin tone to represent that these guys spent a lot of time out of natural sunlight. After the nuln oil wash did a quick dry brush with longbeard grey to bring out the raised features a bit. For the armour I did a base of administratum grey, washed with agrax earthshade, then dry brush with longbeard gray again to lighten up the raised portions and really make it look like the crevasses were full of dirt and grime by making the raised portions fairly bright and clean looking with the longbeard. Orange was a base of jokaero orange and then trollslayer orange with a wash afterwards. The trollslayer has really terrible coverage and requires a lot of coats to look smooth but it's a really nice colour when you do get those coats down.
I’m seeing the mirror enough that I’m running detection tower in my golgari list and it gives a significant edge in the mirror if you can nail one with a vraska’s contempt since those games so often come down to who can return the most carnage tyrants to hand with find. Sac effects as mentioned are excellent although they can be played around to an extent, and board wipes are also effective. Carnage Tyrant is kind of a stupid card but there are lots of ways to deal with it and it’s common enough in the meta that you should have an answer for it in your deck or be able to just race it
1k sons are alright but probably not my first pick for a competitive team. The lack of multi damage weapons means they’ll struggle to actually kill a lot of things and AP weapons are everywhere which can really put a dent in how much mileage you get out of all is dust.
That he wouldn’t open the green belt for development.
Sure, but the edge gained from picking a complex deck your opponent may be unfamiliar with decreases drastically when you’re playing at a competitive level. How many opponents have failed to realize on-board lethal at the x-2 bracket or better at a GP for instance?
&gt; When you play a top tier deck that takes less skill, there is nothing technically wrong about it but you shouldn't take offence when you get called out. This is nonsense and an attitude that PVDDR specifically called out in the article. If you’re playing at a competitive level you’re playing to win, and that means picking the correct deck that is going to win, not necessarily the deck that will avoid you being “called out” for playing an easy deck. Deck selection is a part of being a good magic player. I would suggest that a player who picks an easy deck because they feel it is better positioned is probably a better player than someone who chooses decks based on difficulty and “calling out” people who play easier decks.
Hoogland has done well on the SCG Tour which is a pretty good accomplishment for any competitive minded MTG player, but there is a wide gulf between the top players on the SCG Tour and the players on the pro tour
Hi, Golgari player here. The first few turns are pretty straightforward although there is some play around whether you have to play out your walker turn 2 and risk losing it or whether you can afford to wait until you can walker and explore same turn. That said the decisions become a bit more nuanced and interesting in the late game. It’s not the most difficult deck to play but there are enough decisions to keep it interesting and you get to do fun stuff like play with planeswalkers. The main thing for me is that it has a decent match up against everything (most of the unfavoured stuff isnt horrible even if it’s worse than 50/50) so you’re not left feeling frustrated about queuing into auto lose matchups that often. It’s also probably the best deck post sideboard IMO so it’s very rewarding for best of 3. The only real strike I have against it is that the mirror is pretty awful and typically comes down to who draws better, which in fairness is true of the BG archetype in general and holds true in modern as well IME
That is actually hysterical that Magic Arena has made it possible to get a deck registration error in a wholly digital event.
Nah there really has been an uptick. The overall murder numbers are a bit higher than a typical year because of the van attack and the danforth mass shooting, but it's also been a busy year for the more typical gun murders as well.
It's a documented medical condition and he's been diagnosed by a doctor?
&gt; I don't actually know what you're talking about because I quit magic shortly after dtt ban It’s ok because you don’t seem to know what *you’re* talking about either.
“Wait, is the venom cannon...” Clicks album “Yep” Amazing conversion work, these turned out incredible
You take both and against an invulnerable save you use the talons and against everything else you use the rending claws
Except the flame thrower is going to be charged and only ever has a 50/50 chance of killing something in the injury roll. Then when it’s in combat it’s a 12+ model that is getting one S4 AP0 attack per turn. I played orks all last month in my store’s campaign, if you’re playing tac marines it’s a pretty easy win. If you’re playing Reivers it’s very difficult since I lose the advantage of being better in melee and I just can’t get ahead
I’ve gotten super frustrated with ladder BO1 in gold so I’m just playing constructed events on repeat, there’s no reason to play ranked if you’re not enjoying it. In the future it may be tied to some kind of competitive end game (which I hope BO1 doesn’t end up that way but that’s another discussion) but for right now you literally don’t have to play it if it’s making you upset, so just stop playing it?
Yeah midrange feels pretty bad against control BO1. The number of times I’ve been on the draw against control with 2 removal spells, a 3 drop and a five drop and it’s like “well I guess I lose” is pretty disheartening
Pauper Delver is significantly more powerful than modern delver unless there have been significant pauper bans since I last played early summer.
So many people also standing on the left side of the escalator, someone should just push them over the side.
Another thing about Bush that often doesn’t get brought up is that he beat Al Gore 18 years ago, the guy who wanted to tackle climate change before we were totally fucked, and now here we are in the present and we’re totally fucked. Had the world led by the United States started down that path almost two decades ago it would have saved untold trillions of dollars and who knows how many lives over the next 50 years.
Yeah those are all blackstone models
Well, a year from now when arena is established they can probably drop the ball on standard without it being the disaster it would be if the next set really screws things up right as arena is taking off
IMO it’s fine in BO3 but control is quite strong in BO1 to the point that I’ve given up on trying to jam midrange and have been climbing pretty easily again now that I’ve switched to UB control. When your deck is built around card advantage and all your cards answer your opponents cards or draw you cards while your opponent draws all kinds of dead removal spells, it’s a pretty powerful advantage in BO1 games
The companionship and support a dog provides is almost certainly more valuable to him than the limited resources that get spent on the dog.
Pardon?
I'm aware of that. My point still stands that it's likely a lot more important that they get current standard and RNA standard correct than 12 months from now when they already have an established player base.
Our “direct” jackasses have killed more pedestrians and cyclists this year than any other year in the city’s history. They’re not particularly appreciated by many of us
&gt; Its largely a myth that good mana bases lead to 4c goodstuff style decks. You need nutty interactions for that to be the case. I see that you've already repressed the trauma of Jeskai Black vs Wet Mardu vs Damp Jund the format.
Yeah Arena is great. I sold off a number of my modern cards from decks I won't play again and bought a laptop and put a couple hundred bucks to starting my arena collection and it's been pretty awesome being able to play competitive standard events at will. It's not perfect, but it's pretty damn good and it's the first thing to really bring me back into standard since Theros-Khans standard.
Sure, and when a pedestrian on a smart phone walks into someone at a crosswalk and kills them, we can start to talk about the problem with distracted pedestrians. The fact that a distracted pedestrian puts themselves at risk while a distracted driver puts everyone else at risk is why it is significantly less of a problem that we have distracted pedestrians versus distracted drivers.
&gt; The first 2 options carry significant risk, and I'm willing to bet the guy has way less to lose than you. This is a key point a lot of people miss. You see people get into arguments with others who are clearly homeless and mentally ill and I'd strongly suspect they're not willing to go to jail and lose their jobs and housing for fighting a random dude on the street, so don't confront the dude with no job or housing who likely doesn't give a shit about going to jail on a regular basis.
It's a pretty poor matchup that I've found really requires stabilizing with your life total as intact as possible, countering a few direct burn spells with sabotage and syncopate, and unearthing a fast clock with eldest reborn such as a legion warboss, phoenix or a chainwhirler if that's the best you have access to. Our win conditions are so unbelievably slow that I honestly don't think the matchup is winnable at all without counterspells, the opponent is just going to eventually top deck the wizard's lightnings and shocks to kill you. With maindeck counterspells the matchup IMO goes from totally unwinnable to just very bad.
&gt; I very deliberately do not let my mouse touch any object I am not actively using to avoid giving information away. So that may not be the best way to determine their intent. I'm amazed at the number of people who will count their mana with mouse overs when mana counting can be one of the hardest things to hide in paper magic that can also give away a ton of information. It's so awesome being able to physically tap your screen with your finger to count mana without your opponent going "he's trying to make sure he has enough for Karn and he must have sabotage and negate if he's looking for 9 mana"
&gt; Yellowhat Gabe is an absolute joy to watch. He's an extremely talented player who will talk through his moves, he plays off beat decks all the time and is willing to experiment with new stuff, and he responds just enough to Twitch chat trolling to make it hilarious when everyone teases him for his bad beats.
&gt; they should still get service, but they should pay for it. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; Why should MY tax dollars pay for people's bad decisions? Sure, and why am I paying for an ambulance every time some dude who doesn't exercise has a heart attack? Kid breaks his leg playing baseball, how is that my problem? In fact, why do you get to take an ambulance to the hospital to give birth in the first place when you CHOSE to get pregnant? Surely if someone gets hurt at work it has to be the fault of either the employee or the employer in the vast majority of cases, so it's kind of messed up that MY tax dollars have to pay for fire services to come and get this dude out from under some machinery that has pinned him. WHY can't MY tax dollars and EVERYONE ELSE'S tax dollars just pay for things that directly affect me?
&gt; You're equating what this douche did to playing baseball, not exercising, and getting pregnant? I mean, if you really wanted to push the analogy, people who don't do anything to reduce their risk of heart disease cost us literally billions per year in healthcare costs. You should be hitting the gym and yelling at people in fast food restaurants if paying for other people's bad decisions really bothers you so much. https://sencanada.ca/content/sen/committee/412/SOCI/Briefs/2015-05-07ReportCdnCardiovascularSociety-AddInfoConferenceBoardofCanada_e.pdf
&gt; voted in John "tax increases at inflation only!" Tory again Pretty much. We've had government that's done a terrible job on housing affordability, a terrible job on the opiate crisis, a terrible job on homelessness, a terrible job on transit, a record setting year for murders as well as pedestrian and cyclist deaths, and the voters have said "this is fine, four more years!". The city needs someone with vision if it's going to reach it's potential, and instead we got someone who's failed to tackle literally every challenge facing the city in the past few years.
Black Templar as the ranged support for the melee dudes is borderline heresy, the paint work is great though.
I’ve purchased one finecast model and won’t ever do it again personally. The amount of cleanup and sanding required on them is atrocious and the dust from sanding is also hazardous if inhaled so it’s just not worth the trouble honestly. Anything that only comes in finecast that I need I’m just going to kitbash in the future
&gt; Seriously, what the fuck are they doing all day? I’ve called the cops for so much shit ranging from assault with a weapon in progress to someone sitting in a running car smoking crack and drinking straight Gin to people refusing to leave my property and threatening to kill me. I’ve literally never had the cops respond at all a single time. I have no fucking idea what it takes to get them to do their fucking jobs
The city opened a 24 hour respite centre on my corner and that's been the status quo since then unfortunately
&gt; The player who wins advantage should get to choose if they want to move first or second. This is one complaint about kill team I just can't wrap my head around. When you win the initiative roll, you're "winning" the roll that determines that your team acts first. If you don't want to act first, you want to roll low, and if you want to act first you want to roll high. There is no need to add an additional layer of getting to choose anything when the roll isn't about a strategic advantage of getting to make a choice your opponent doesn't get, it's a roll to determine who acts first. You will always have a 50/50 chance of getting to act in the order that is most advantageous to you when the initiative roll is done, having to roll higher than your opponent to get to choose to go second isn't functionally any different from having to roll lower than your opponent so you get to go second.
It would unbalance things a bit with horde teams always getting to move the bulk of their units last, or always getting to charge with your lictor either first or the second move of the game, and I think it’s pretty balanced as is
&gt; I think it favours aggro, but why is everyone acting like this ruins the game entirely? It's not that it ruins the game entirely, it's that it's incredibly unsatisfying when you for instance keep a hand that is great against aggro with plenty of removal and your opponent ends up being on control so you've lost the moment the game starts because you have no pressure to get under counter spells with. Or you keep a hand with search for azcanta, vraska's contempt, a sabotage and karn but your opponent isn't playing control and by turn three they have a pile of saprolings and knight tokens that are going to kill you in the next turn or two. So it's not that it ruins the game, it's that it makes ladder into a frustrating coin toss where you get run over a bunch of times or you have to randomly guess during the mulligan phase whether your opponent is playing control or aggro and whether your current hand is unbeatable or completely hopeless depending on whether you're right or not.
&gt; Going first can be just as big an advantage in Bo3, it’s just also used as the catchup mechanism and handed to the player that just lost. Sort of, however going on the draw post sideboarding isn't as much of an issue since you can sideboard out cards that are too slow for the matchup when on the draw vs the play. It also makes mulliganning a lot easier when you know what you're playing against and whether a card like sinister sabotage is going to be too slow or not on the draw and whether you should keep your current hand based on what you're playing against.
Turn 1 Lanowar Elves - Oh ok, GB mirror I guess Turn 2 Pelt Collector, Thorn Lieutenant - Oh fuck. Well maybe I'll get lucky and if his draw is bad th- Turn 3 Nullhide Ferox - concede
Yeah, I get the sense that the only player Kawhi ever gets genuinely pissed at is himself, dude is driven as hell
Looks great
I was wrong about Serge Ibaka. He played 17 minutes against Golden State for the Toronto Raptors at Scotiabank Arena, the Raptors Home court in Canada.
Assuming Kawhi stays I don’t think Giannis is what we are gonna need come 2021. The guy is an incredible player but I feel like a team of Kawhi, Pascal and solid replacements for Kyle and Marc as they get older is gonna be a better team than Kawhi, Pascal and Giannis with some serious unfilled gaps especially at the PG role
I’ve had good luck using a terminator with combi flamer and lightning claw as a deep strike assassin on turn 1. If your opponent is playing something that can’t reliably shoot your terminator, deep striking a terminator and then lightning up a lictor or harlequin zealot specialist will absolutely let you get your points worth of value out of the terminator. If your opponents unit survives the turn with a flesh wound it’s still going to struggle to deal with your termie since it will start the movement phase in overwatch range and will have to eat D6 autohit +2 regular shots of overwatch to get into melee
While acting like the 401 isn’t the Dark Souls of sitting in traffic...
Nah it’s not boring at all, it is incredibly difficult and incredibly frustrating though
Nobody broke shit after we won game one though
Marc planning on crushing the warriors so bad he called a disaster relief worker ahead of time
Bullshit non call when they hit Pascal, bullshit wrong call when they get all ball on Gasol. Ugh don’t let it be one of those fucking games
Yeah the bad calls seem pretty evenly distributed but what a fucking awful way to conduct an NBA finals game when it’s totally random whether the refs are going to shit on you or bail you out on a play by play basis
Thanks Magic
Jesus what is this bullshit
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
1/12 holy shit. At least we won’t have to worry about the refs fucking us... Sorry 1/13
We shitting the bed
That’s not really fair, our offence has also been shit
Imagine putting the ball into the basket
Someone other than Kawhi needs to try and get something done offensively. This is bullshit
Nah, we let them go on a 16-0 run in the third and our offence has been trash, we didn’t deserve the W here
Yeah this shit was all us. First half had a lot of frustrating calls both ways but this game was decided by the complete inability to hit open shots in the third which quickly turned into the complete inability for anyone other than Kawhi to even attempt a shot. We fell apart pretty bad
Gasol wouldn't even take open shots
They would play a basketball game in his honor. all the best players would be there. the people would go crazy, not like with crooked hilary.
Yeah, we saw way too many plays where Kawhi would draw 2-3 defenders kick out to an open Marc Gasol and Gasol would just pass it back to Kawhi. Dude needs to take those shots
kyle lowry ain't no spot up shooter he aint gotta run to the corner to shoot like hes some 3rd option bitch this aint jj redick this is a fuckin god human steph curry come again only this time hes not a fuckin pussy pull up from the fuckin logo and fight you at the same time
&gt; other factions do it without roll, just pay 2CPs and get the effect. Literally only adeptus astartes have access to death denied and other factions have varying difficulties of rolls they have to succeed on for a similar effect.
What the actual fuck? A line that starts at the science centre, BYPASSES FUCKING UNION STATION, and ends at the fucking CNE? We're going to fix overloading on the Yonge Line by building a fucking subway that starts nowhere, ends nowhere, and doesn't even go to Union Station? Who came up with this piece of shit???
Except if the majority of those people are trying to get south of queen this doesn’t really work and only relieves the percentage of traffic trying to get from queen street to the science centre
The helmet may be from the tactical kit as the vanguard helmets all have a little bit more flair to them. I don’t honestly remember that well though unfortunately
It’s all from the same article in the athletic. It’s actually a really great article, talking about how in college he would break into the gym after hours and practice by himself in the dark with just a lantern for light, or how he would watch 5 hours of Michael Jordan clips a day. Dude is super driven
Literally anything better than Tony Brothers
If you want knight helmets the grey knight sprue is phenomenal for that as well and just generally has a ton of good cosmetic bits like reliquary boxes and purity seals
Board man gets paid
Refs favouring the raptors so far so we’ve gotta build a decent sized cushion for when the refs try and even it out in the second half...
Curry could drop 80 at this rate and warriors still won’t break 100
So there’s just going to be a foul on every play I guess
They’re all late
Fuck these refs on both ends, Jesus. Green clearly in the restricted area there
Warriors are sticking around though, it hasn’t felt like were running away with the game yet
Vintage Serge Iblocka tonight
VANVLEET IS A GOD
Holy shit the salt from warriors fans is intense
What if basketball was played on ice, with a puck
Savage
Nah that's cool, if the guy isn't forced to divest ownership then it becomes a warriors issue and the team should be heavily punished by the NBA in that case. Either you say "this guy doesn't represent us and isn't allowed to be affiliated with the team" or you allow him to be part of the team and the team is culpable for his actions. Either way is fine by me, but you can't say that this is someone who continues to be associated with the warriors and the warriors aren't going to be liable IMO
I think they look pretty good, but then I realized that as a 36 year old white dude maybe I actually am the unhip Dad market that liked New Balance shoes all along anyway.
Yeah, VanVleet was a basketball god in that series and it can’t be stated enough how much of an asset it is to have a guy who is shooting fucking 82% from the three point line
Kawhi is pretty soft spoken but I get the sense he’s low key actually really funny
What would we possibly want Vince Carter for? Dude is way past his prime physically and we don’t have any young players we particularly need to be mentored on how to be a toxic bitch who sinks their own team. I think we good
What on earth? How can you possibly argue that moving across a model doesn’t address being within 1 inch of a model? What do you think “across” means if not within one inch of a model? Can you think of any scenario where it would be possible to move across a model without getting within one inch of it?
Because given the choice of playing on a championship team that supports him with load management and excellent medical staff and appear to have a coach and teammates he works well with (Raptors) vs the choice of playing closer to his family and back home where he grew up (LA) he’s going to chose to play for the Knicks who are both terrible and nowhere near his family...
&gt; I don't think you can make any reasonable argument for across including the area around the subject. I mean, aside from the fact that it is literally impossible to move across something without also moving through the area immediately adjacent to it?
Paints are definitely thick but I think the overall look of the model aside from the clumpy paints is actually quite good. One thing I would do is add some highlights or drybrushing to the black as it looks a bit flat as is. Still, turned out pretty decent I think
No but it does mean that if there was a sign that says “pool and decking are private property, violators will be prosecuted” and you give your neighbour permission to use your pool nobody in their right mind is going to suggest you can call the police and charge your neighbour for trespassing because you didn’t explicitly give him permission to be on the decking around your pool when he went swimming. This is not at all complicated
&gt; There's no implicit permission to move within 1" of an enemy model Yes there absolutely is, because it is again LITERALLY IMPOSSIBLE to move across the model without also moving within 1 inch.
“You can definitely move across models without being within one inch, here’s some examples of models being within one inch to prove it”
&gt; Problem is not with protecting Kawhi, there's an inherent problem with the league in that the regular season doesn't mean fuck all How's Lebron doing in the playoffs this year?
If the Raptors can score more points than the Golden State Warriors tonight, they’ll finish this road trip with two wins.
What the fuck was that?
Yo I don’t know if Golden State thinks it fucks with em or what but I’d be pumped as the visitor to get intro’d to the imperial theme from Star Wars
OG hasn’t played yet in the playoffs, not sure if he’s ready
2/11 shooting, why do we keep doing this?
Golden State’s hustle is next level tonight not gonna lie
We are deadass cold tonight and Kawhi Leonard single handedly keeping up with Golden State in the NBA finals. Dude is the best player in the NBA, callin it
More than that, our other guys are finding their rhythm now that they can’t rely on Kawhi with him on the bench. This has been a great couple minutes for us and we’re gonna be solid once Kawhi comes back on the court
Holy shit that Draymond shot lol
Pretty cool they showed a pickup game for warmup, when the finals start?
Warriors defence so next level they’re making the raps miss by giving em open looks
Bucket
Yeah with the Spurs
When it’s only game 4 and you’re already making excuses. LOL
Holy shit Van Vleet got hit hard
What the fuck a tooth just chilling in the paint????
Watch the clip again, you can see him pick the tooth out of his mouth at the beginning of the clip
Raptors gonna win this year and then repeat next year then Kawhi gonna leave for the clippers and fucking annihilate us and kill our chances for the three peat in 2021
...it’s not tender at all
I think most people are cool with it. We obviously want him to stay cause the city loves the guy, but he never wanted to play here and he busted his ass for this team anyway and got us to the finals. He’s a true professional and he’s given us the best season we’ve ever had, we cool if he moves on.
I would say so. The article about Kawhi in college got summed up as “board man gets paid” but there was actually a lot in there that gives you insights on Kawhi that didn’t come out as memeable tweets. That article got me to subscribe and honestly it’s quite good, you can get a 7 day trial for free and see if you enjoy it enough to subscribe yourself.
I don't know, I don't feel like the anthem has to be this starchy and solemn thing so I would hesitate to call it disrespectful. I really really did not like their rendition though.
I’m alright with this. Golden State isn’t gonna keep shooting 100 percent from three and Raptors ball movement has been great.
VanVleet does not give a fuck, damn
Lazy rebounding, shit
Oh fuck man. I don’t want Durant in this game but I want to see him having come back early and get hurt even less. This fucking sucks
Yeah this is total bullshit. Fuck anyone in the arena cheering for Durant being hurt. That’s fucking terrible to see
Yeah I’m just fucking bummed out right now
Do Americans not do that? Like I don’t know how it all went until I see a replay but we 100% cheer any player who gets up from an injury when they leave the ice/court
It’s super fucking deflating. I honestly feel like we’re gonna win and I’m not even excited anymore
For like a minute or so maybe
Golden State defence just blue screened
Skip Bayless in shambles
Holy shit
It’s not just karma, I think our shitty fans actually cost us the game because our p,ayers were clearly rattled from that bullshit and GS went on a huge run immediately after despite losing their best player.
This shit bums me out so much. We have a very good chance of winning the chip and these fuckers are tainting it and making the experience so fucking miserable. We have this amazing team of dudes who deserve a championship ring and we are quickly turning into the team with shit fans that don’t deserve a ring. Fucking do better, guys
Eh, a very large portion of our fan base did some truly classless terrible shit but the guys on this team aren’t responsible for that. You can root for guys like Marc Gasol, Kyle Lowry, Fred and Kawhi (and everyone really) while acknowledging that our fans can get fucked. Either way I don’t blame you, but don’t let our shit fans take away from what is a really awesome story of unselfish humble players having a storybook playoff run and potentially unseating an NBA dynasty. It’s still a great narrative even if the fans pulled some trash move last night IMO
I don’t want to take away from the important fact that what you wrote doesn’t actually have anything to do with what I said, but it should also be pointed out that when KD went down we were only behind by two possessions and the wRriors at that time were still shooting greater than 80% from 3 which no team is ever going to maintain for a full game. We’ll never know what would have happened if KD didn’t get injured but I wouldn’t consider it a foregone conclusion either way. That said you’re a dumbass and that’s not related to what I said anyway.
Yep I was pretty upset it got missed but fucked up calls are just part of basketball. On to game 6
We deserve it and all, but... fuck it hurts just the same
I can't believe we killed those golden state fans
Commanders I don’t play so I can’t really give an opinion on them. Berserkers have been good for me. Not incredible as they’re a one wound model that still dies pretty easily but they’re alright. Possessed I’ve been pretty underwhelmed by since the damage output is really low for a 20 point model. Terminators are actually pretty good IME. Generally if you can deep strike it and kill an important unit on turn one the terminator is always going to be worth its points. As for my feelings about chaos overall, we still run into similar problems as before where we run out of good units to spend points on, but now we just end up spending the excess points on Berzerkers instead of cultists. That said in missions where you’d rather go shooty you mostly can’t since you get a heavy bolter, a plasma gun, and the rest gets spent on zerkers or cultists even if neither is really the optimal choice. I am going to try a shooty terminator which doesn’t seem ideal but it would at least give us another decent shooting unit. That said I’m happy with where we are in elites. We aren’t top tier at all and would have really benefitted from raptors but we are solidly playable and there are some matchups where what we are good at can be quite effective.
That’s precisely it, saw a few people do similar conversions and the chaos marine kit only came with a power axe so I chopped off the power axe and then cut the handle off a chainsword. It ended up looking really good and like you said it’s very simple to do
It’s super easy, I highly recommend it. My only advice is to make sure you don’t cut the power axe head too short so you have some clearance between the chainsword blade and the axe handle.
Thanks! I primed black. Then a base layer of Sotek Green. Then a heavy wash of Drakenhoff Nightshade, then painted in the grime and shadows with AK Interactive Dark Streaking Grime and then worked with that using a Q-tip and some white spirits to clean off the highlights. Metalic portions are leadbelcher, two heavy coats of drakenhof nightshade, then some small highlights with valejo model air metallic silver. Then same treatment with the streaking grime and touch ups with a Q Tip and white spirits. I learned about AK Interactive streaking grime from a painter named Zatcaskagoon and highly recommend checking out his stuff if you want to try doing some dark and grungy stuff as the streaking grime is really effective for that and is actually surprisingly easy to work with as long as you've got a really well ventilated room and a mask to prevent you from breathing in the fumes
Don't bring that evil into the world by saying it, wtf man
Draymond in the tunnel before intros, turns to his agent - "hey, keep the car running!"
Game 5 was just weird. Kawhi could not get a foul under the bucket no matter what happened and Marc Gasol got a trip to the free throw line anytime he had the ball and a warriors player got within 3 feet of him.
That feeling when your good dudes get blasted off the table and all you have left are chaos cultists that are literally armed with sticks...
&gt; Feel no pain is an extra save, so it would be 1 die on the injury roll as the other two were saved. I don't believe that is correct. The Death Guard player would have to make 3 FNP rolls to not lose a wound, but if they make 2 FNP rolls and fail one, they go to the injury roll and the opponent rolls three dice as the attack that caused the injury roll is a 3 damage attack. FNP does not reduce the damage of an attack, it simply prevents losing a wound.
And one of those defenders holding up a net. Still hits the fade-away jumper anyway
Norm has been real good this playoffs honestly. There is definitely a reason he’s coming off the bench and Siakam is starting, but if Siakam is cold Norm has been putting in solid minutes
Lowry is popping off
So glad Curry didn’t get the call on that bullshit
These fucking cold stretches we’ve hit all playoffs are taking years off my lofe
Fuck we are so lucky to have a player as good as Ibaka to come off the bench for Gasol
It’s just weird honestly
Man that’s either a foul or a travel, wtf was that shit
Biased refs only letting warriors foul Kawhi three times before calling the fourth
Oh fuck no, not like this.
That’s bullshit
This fucking sucks
With Ibaka on the bench Gasol needs to get his shit together ASAP
We need at least a 9 point lead going into the final 2 minutes or Curry is just going to torch us
Gasol still only has one fucking point and he’s passing instead of driving the basket. Get him the fuck off the court
FRED VAN VLEET SENIOR
The bus got a Viking Funeral
FVV was our Danny Green
Man you can talk about how good they were and still hate them. I’m glad that shit is over and I will 100% say that team was amazing
If Steph wanted to outperform Fred he should have triple teamed him *taps forehead
I dunno. The sixers were a real battle for us to get through, while we did throw away the first two games after that the Bucks never really stood a chance in that series
Gonna be a lot of kids named Fred Vanvleet Senior Junior next year
Except for all the videos showing that he did actually have his credentials. As for what do we want him to do? How about performing his job fucking competently. Dude ain’t getting paid to harass people and act like a dick, he’s getting paid to make sure only the right people get into the court, something he fucked up pretty badly
Shooting people dead is a pretty common de escalation technique for the police, unfortunately
Not only that but in all the videos showing the incident (right after Ujiri supposedly pushed the cop and is being pulled away by that guy in green) you can clearly see Ujiri’s credentials in his right hand
Listen, if the decision is basketball we’ve provided the best argument anyone can. A team that gets along well and compliments his skill set, play style and attitude, a coach that can win and work with him, some of the best medical staff in the league that clearly can support him and keep him healthy and an organization that is focussed on winning and making the right moves. He himself described this year as the most fun he’s ever had playing basketball. But if the decision is to be with his family in LA, nothing we offer can match that. I think we made the best case anyone possibly could. Hopefully we see him back.
Body cam: police officer shoves Masai aggressively without asking to see the credentials in his hand Alameda County Sherrif’s Office: video from the body camera was inconclusive and will not be included as evidence
I think people are forgetting the kind of lifestyle a lot of basketball players (and probably the majority on the raptors) have to live during the regular season. These aren’t guys spending every night partying with models on their arms and taking weekend trips to private islands and shit, these are guys who are in bed and asleep early most nights so they can be well rested to perform at an elite NBA champion level either at practice or in games. Most of them probably have a lot of their meals planned out by a nutritionist and rarely drink. They can’t afford the impact on their health to live like rock stars or rappers and after 10 straight months of discipline, early nights and early mornings it’s not that far fetched to imagine them arriving in Vegas and saying “I don’t know, let’s go gamble I guess” at some point in their weekend. That’s not to discount that some players do buck that trend and party super hard, but I don’t get the sense that anyone on the raptors is really living that lifestyle
There are 14.2 million people in Ontario and Doug Ford won the election with 2.3 million votes. It is very possible for Reddit to be reflective of the population at large when you’re taking about a guy who won a majority with only 31.2% of the voters voting for him. The reason he got elected is not because there is some hidden majority of people in Ontario who supported him, rather he got elected because our electoral system is dog shit
There is always a credible risk. The job of emergency services is to prepare for the worst rather than expect everything to work out fine and end up caught unprepared
Yeah when they catch whatever dickhead this was I hope they add several thousand counts of public endangerment. What trash
&gt; Ford got 40% of the votes has a majority 31.25% my man Somehow still a majority because our shit is fucked
Well liked is a stretch, a lot of people disapprove of him but not to the extent they’d boo the shit out of him when he’s standing next to Doug Ford
Based on how his voice sounds i assume Jack has some heavy drinking at some point in his past which will age you pretty fucking fast
Sort of. It’s nice having a reliable answer to Teferi but you’re still getting 2 for 1d in the process
It was an enchanted afternoon
Yeah and I feel like someone gushing about how hard a dude works is among the most promising endorsements you can get for a rookie. The difference between a lot of guys who make it in the league and those who don’t is often how hard they’re willing to work once they’re drafted. That kid might turn out alright
If Siakam continues on pace he and Kawhi are gonna be phenomenal together
Yeah the timing is pretty awful. If it were done at the end of the regular season back when winning the regular season still meant something it would be something to get hyped about. But once your team is eliminated from the playoffs and another team is crowned champion, nobody gives a shit that you won the regular season
Uh, pretty sure they meant to say that Masai was brandishing his ID and the sheriff had no choice but to defend himself. Aside from the obvious issues of making up shit to try and charge people with, this police officer should be fired just on the basis of being so fucking stupid he thought he could get away with this shit in front of thousands of witnesses and video cameras.
Serge Ibaka is in Paris modelling backdrops for Red Dead Redemption right now, I think he living his best life https://twitter.com/sergeibaka/status/1142178018347167744?s=20
Kawhi isn’t strong enough to melt steel beams, wake up sheeple
Yeah it was a weird one. After the first two games i kind of felt that we had an ok run and it was too bad we weren’t going to go any further, by the time it was 2-2 it felt like a certainty we were going to win the series and advance to the finals. It was a super weird series
The other thing to remember is that since the Vince carter yearsToronto has had a lot of international fans so Kawhi would be getting a lot of exposure to the European market from Toronto as well. How much money that is worth to him I’m sponsorships I genuinely have no idea though.
Reiver Sargent isn’t particularly effective IMO and is probably one of my least favourite choices for a leader. A veteran leader with bolter and power sword is going to give you more bang for your buck if you want an inexpensive leader that has some melee capability, or you can pair him with an auspex if you want to support your shooting. You could give him a more powerful CC weapon than a power sword but at that point you’re investing enough points that you’ll have to shave from somewhere else and it’s better to keep your heavy hitters separate from your leader so you can actually risk them in the thick of things. That said though, the reiver really isn’t going to do much in most matchups due to not having any access to AP of any kind. I like a reiver sarge in my list for clearing up crap units like gaunts and poxwalkers or against orks but they’re not ideal against anything with any kind of save and they’re still only hitting for one damage anyway. Intercessor Sargent with power sword is a pretty mopey combat specialist in a world where you have access to vets with power fists. I don’t know why you have duplicates of your missile heavies and sniper plasmas. Generally the benefit to having more than one launcher or plasma gun on the roster is when you want to bring in both for a game which is something you can’t do when you give them the same specialism. At that point when are you ever bringing the tactical over the scout with camo cloak for instance?
&gt; Why is it MY problem what happens on the other side of the world? Shouldn’t the local govt have to provide? Because war is bad for everybody as a general rule, and "we need water or we are going to die" is a great motivator for a country to go to war. This is not even addressing the additional problems involved when a nuclear power is involved in this kind of dire scenario.
I mean, we absolutely wouldn’t have won without him, but he would t have won on the clippers either.
Getting blood mooned and hoping to draw your basics also slows the game down, it doesn’t make that particularly engaging gameplay either
I love the complaint that we didn’t get baleful strix when we got a better baleful strix in a colour combination that needed a fuckton more help than UB.
I think knit would be nice to have all the rules in one place, but unless there is a meta imbalance that needs to be addressed I dont think GW should be changing points costs lightly. Most people don’t magnetize and I personally would be pretty irritated if the kill team I glued together no longer works because the points costs have gone up 3 points per model
It’s extremely slow for a card you want to pressure the wrath deck with. You’re hitting for 2 on turn 3, 3 on turn 4, 4 on turn 5... Mantis Rider puts on a ton more pressure while this card gives a ton of time for them to find their wraths
We have a pretty big African community in Toronto, I feel like Serge and Pascal are Canadian if they want it
It's crazy, if one of those bounces went just a little bit differently in that final game of round 2 the ball would have bounced out and the Raptors wouldn't have even made the playoffs.
I mean, that would be more or less as stupid as shooting up a playground in the first place, so...
We probably beat Orlando anyway, but he absolutely dominated Vucevic in round one.
Guy who doesn't know shit confirms what is already obvious to everybody
This is not true at all though. Slivers have the ability to lock an opponent out of ever tapping for mana outside of their upkeep with [[telekinetic sliver]], can fateseal every turn with [[mesmeric sliver]] or can actually just turn any of their slivers into [[vindicate]] with [[necrotic sliver]]. Slivers have unparalleled disruption compared to other tribal decks, the problem is actually the opposite of what you said in that the deck is too slow for modern. The goldfish is slower than merfolk and if you go the disruptive route none of your disruption really comes into play until turn three at which point you’re typically too far behind on board to catch up. Having the mana acceleration come online on turn 3 instead of turn 2 via noble hierarchy/bird/mystics makes the deck ponderously slow and if there were a sliver birds of paradise the deck would be significantly more competitive than it currently is. The problem is not at all a lack of disruption, it’s that turns 1 and 2 don’t play to the board very well and you fall too far behind in tempo.
&gt; 2 of them are sorcery speed 4 drops that don't impact the board right away and the other is a sorcery speed 3 drop There's a lot to unpack here. First being that the deck has 12 maindeck ways to generate a sliver ETB trigger instantly so it's a sorcery speed effect in the same way flickerwisp in death and taxes is a sorcery speed effect. Secondly is that you don't appear to understand how activated abilities work if you believe all slivers receiving a tap ability is sorcery speed. Once all your slivers have an effect such as "tap this to tap target permanent" that is an effect you have access to at instant speed, in the same way the sacrifice clause on necrotic sliver works. &gt; Notice anything? Literally all of these cards have an immediate impact and all but one of them is cheaper than the cheapest option you listed. Yes this is literally my exact point about the disruption being a turn too slow, but thank you for repeating my point back at me while feeling like it's a counterpoint I guess.
Things are pretty fucking grim when we’re positioning having to live with roommates well into your adult years as the hot new trend.
I mean, what the fuck else is a lacrosse player with no qualifications supposed to do for work?
&gt; Basically all we end up with is less people employed. Higher fares. &gt; How is society better off with this? Because the workers being exploited are part of society too, and in a civilized society their rights to fair employment supersede my rights to get things without having to pay a fair price for them.
Por que no los dos?
Absolutely, and that’s an issue the city probably would have addressed if there were as many taxi drivers as Uber drivers, however the existence of unfair labour practices in the taxi industry do not justify unfair labour practices in the ride share industry.
If Kawhi goes to the clippers to live closer to his family I’ll understand and this city will still love him. If he goes to the Lakers I’ll probably be pissed tbh
Not to take away from the fact that Havana has a really awesome architectural vibe and was probably one of my favourite cities to just wander around, but Miami is basically just Cuba if Cuba had nice things.
&gt; You’ve must never have been to Hamilton... Or anywhere people ride e-bikes
&gt; Oko is especially surprising to me given that the card is the poster child for interactive Magic, which is what people have claimed to want since forever. It's not though. Interactive implies not just that you're getting interacted with but that you're able to interact with your opponent's strategy as well. The problem with Oko is not that it interacts with your gameplan, it's that it is extremely difficult to interact with itself being that it comes down early with high loyalty and protects itself. Losing the game on turn two because you didn't keep an opener with your one copy of dreadbore or three copies of assasin's trophy or because you didn't play a deck with swamps is not interactive magic as most people would consider it.
&gt; How can you not interact with it? What deck are you playing that a turn 2/3 Oko is a scoop for you? None of the linear decks like tron/titan/storm really even care about him, burn is fast enough to ignore him, humans can generally deploy enough board presence to either kill him or ignore him, etc etc etc. I love that we keep pretending the card isn't even that good or oppressive in the context of the card making up 50% or more of the top tens in virtually every competitive event in the format over the past month. MOCS on the 29th? 6 of the top 10 are Oko decks https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/ehb70i/modern_mocs_december_29_2019/ Modern Challenge on the 29th? 4/10 https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/ehbho9/modern_challenge_december_29_2019/ Modern prelim on the 28th? 50% of the 4-1 or better decks are Oko decks, and that's only because I didn't count infect running three in the board as an Oko deck. https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/eh7n7t/modern_prelim_28th_december/ Prelim on the 26th? A substantially below average showing from Oko taking up only 33% of the 4-1 or better decks https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/efydmx/26th_december_modern_prelim/ 25th December prelim, 5/6 of the 4-1 or better decks are Oko https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/eflaau/25th_december_modern_prelim/ 23rd December? 4/7 of the 4-1 decks or better are Oko https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/ef5hop/modern_preliminary_122319/ December 21st Modern Challenge, 6 of the top 10 decks are Oko decks https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/eetkp2/modern_challenge_dec_21st_2019_105_players/ December 21st Prelim, 4 out of 6 of the 4-1 decks or better are Oko decks https://www.reddit.com/r/ModernMagic/comments/edxgdq/mtgo_21st_december_modern_prelim/ So by all means, let's keep pretending that "burn is fast enough to ignore him" and "humans can generally deploy enough board presence" if it makes you happy, but the competitive results of the past few weeks have been an absolute shitshow demonstrating that no, most decks aren't fast enough to ignore him or able to deploy enough board presence to deal with him. More damning than anything is that not only is the card way over represented in competitive results, but that the card is a known quantity that is so individually powerful that even in a meta where you absolutely know you're going to play against multiple Okos at any competitive setting you still can't metagame a deck that takes advantage of that and get free wins against a largely homogeneous meta. The card is getting banned sooner than later because all the equivocations aren't going to change that the competitive results are super damning on the matter of the card's impact in the format.
&gt; The thing is, modern can handle it. People just don’t want to make changes to their decks. To make sure we're on the same page, you're arguing that Oko is dominating the top tables at the competitive level because people paying entry fees for tournaments with prizes on the line don't feel like adjusting their decks to beat the obvious top decks?
Throne of Eldraine was released on October 4th, three months ago.
Hazoret is honestly a better curve topper in red decks and even she sees very little if any play in modern. I think the format is honestly a lot too efficient for a card like this to see play.
Ranger captain won't cause Heliod to ever be vulnerable to path since you can sac it at instant speed. Aside from that, Ranger captain allows you to protect your combo on the turn you're going off by sacrificing it before you play your ballista. If there is a deck around heliod + ballista that plays CoCo I very strongly believe it will play 2+ Ranger Captains.
Not really. Average NBA career length is 4.5 years. Most players don’t end up being Mark Gasol or Kyle Lowry, if you’ve stuck around past your rookie contract you’re doing better than a lot of players that come through the NBA. Put another way, RHJ has been in the league longer than Pascal, Fred, Stanley, OG, TD, Matt Thomas, Brissett, Three time NBA Champion Pat McCaw, Boucher, Malcolm Miller and Dewan Hernandez. It’s fair to say he’s a veteran at this point.
As someone who watched Vince Carter during those seasons firsthand, it really does get missed that he just wasn’t the guy who had the right kind of drive to demand the ball in clutch time and come through when it mattered. There are players like Kawhi Leonard who would be involved in every single defensive or offensive play in clutch time and those are the guys you really need in order to win a championship. Vince, while incredibly talented was just not that guy and he’d jack up a lot of bad perimeter shots when we really needed him to come up for us as the number one scoring option. Even once he went to the New Jersey nets to play with one of the best point guards in the game at that time he still couldn’t lead a team to the finals because he’s just not that player. With a healthy Vince that team probably still doesn’t really go anywhere
Yeah. Marc Gasol and Ben Simmons have the same number of three pointers in the last week but Marc at least has an excuse
The disrespect to an NBA Champion 🤨
Wouldn’t even disagree if Lowry got a flagrant there. Can’t be doing that shit
Kyle in 2019 - Averaging 20.7 ppg and 7.5 ast Guy who trolls all our game threads - “he’s having a bad season”
I don’t think anyone is gonna say it was ok to yank down on Allen’s arm like that. That’d be an absolutely asinine way to injure somebody, can’t be doing that shit
They just running around, doing nothing
I too believe that people heavily invested in cheering for teams of predominantly black athletes actually don’t like black people 🤔
Nobody is going to take him with that contract though so Cleveland is kind of fucked with this player who isn’t going to produce that they still have taking up a big chunk of their cap space
Bro the old team was 100% the crappy underdog type, I don’t know what you’re talking about
It was intentional. I don’t think e was trying to injure him but he didn’t exactly get frustrated and yank on the dude’s arm by accident. Kyle got frustrated and let his emotions get the better of him, it was a dumbass thing to do and totally wasn’t ok.
They bet everything they had on Kawhi and PG. If this doesn’t work out the clippers are going to be a dumpster fire for years
That was probably the one. Honestly nobody airballs that bad unless they’ve really got some nerves and are feeling pressured really. I’m hoping he’ll relax and get into the flow a little better and find his spot
&gt; You just can't stop printing broken green cards can you. It’s getting fucking exhausting having cards that completely breaks the format after cards that completely breaks the format every couple months. We barely got a chance to recover from Hogaak before Oko became an issue, and now Primeval Titan decks get a new enabler. I just want a playable format ffs
Considering how bad we've been hammered by injuries I think we're doing alright to still be top ten. Our offense has suuuuucked without Gasol, Siakam and Powell though.
Looks great!
Got his game on
Taxes decks love 2/1s with first strike and I would definitely sideboard it in taxes. Vialing this in response to a T3 planeswalker is going to be enormous in terms of tempo. It’s too narrow for the main board though and I don’t think I want more than 1 or 2 even in the board
My first Modern deck was birthing pod and I’ve played dozens of decks since then. While I took time off during Eldrazi winter, I knew the format would be back and I’d be right back in it. This time around it feels like the problem is less about an interaction design didn’t realize existed and more that design is just subscribed to a truly unfun and awful design philosophy that is going to be a lot harder to fix. Banning a card isn’t going to fix that when more realistically they need to just ban 2019 from the format. I’m not selling out anytime soon as people seem to always regret that, but for the first time I’m genuinely pessimistic about the future outlook of the format
&gt; Before Embercleave got printed, I was all in for finding a way to give KotR trample. This does that - but I don't want it over Embercleave. Why would you not be playing kessig wolf run in a Naya deck where you want to give Knight trample?
Destroy all creatures, cast Jace, brainstorm. Pretty decent turn 4
French people are on some different shit, man
Because there is literally nobody else to put in.
Because positions exist
That’s fucking unreal that they call that on the last possession of the game
Yeah we are toast
That shit happens in every inbound play. No way do you make that call unless it had any impact on the play (which it didn’t).
That pass is why McCaw is getting more minutes than TD, Nephews
That is not at all what the replay showed when Rozier had his finger in TD’s face
https://streamable.com/f4fuv?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf You can literally see Rozier walk up to TD to get in his face. I don’t see anything that shows TD yelling shit at him
Because he’s a fucking baby? Like are you seriously implying that TD was bullying Rozier or some shit, what even is your fucking point?
Nice
Bruh, we don't have no problems with the Bucks
&gt; They are both stimulants and amphetamines. The fuck? Cocaine is not an amphetamine, and you can't just arbitrarily decide every stimulant is the same drug. There is a reason people don't reach for the crack pipe if they don't have time to stop for a coffee in the morning, because not all stimulants affect the brain the same way.
Who knew we'd get so emotional about unbanning a 3/3 elk that fetches another 3/3 elk from your deck
It's not unlikely for us to move up a spot or two if we can go a couple games without our entire fucking team being injured. Our schedule is easier at least
Probably marks from cupping
We've got him on a 2.5 million deal this season so he's more or less getting us what we paid for
Knicks front office doing amazing PR for the organization. Literally nobody can hate them at this point
Hah dream on. Start Brissett, trade Siakam for Gallinari, Marc Gasol and Powell for Drummond and fire Nurse
Marjanovic looks like the least athletic person in the NBA, Jesus
I’m not knocking his game, he’s playing great but the dude is literally shuffling on the court
Delete this
&gt; The Lakers are finally winning Are you 8 years old?
Yeah the grizzlies at no point expected that he would play for them. This is nothing like a small market team trading for a player they wanted to use and having that player refuse to play, it’s an arrangement that was agreed on by both parties
&gt; Surely it's open slather now since Iggy has shown you can do as you wish Surely you’re aware that this isn’t the first time a player at the end of his contract has been traded to a team with no expectation that he would actually play there. This isn’t new at all.
He averaged 5.7 ppg in 23 mpg last season. He’s had a great career but dude is petty washed at this point
I watched him in the finals and his ability was about commensurate with what you’d expect from a 35 year old player in his 15th season.
&gt; So why are there rumors of him going to the Lakers. Clippers. Etc Why were there rumours of KD going to the Knicks or Kawhi to the Lakers?
He’s like a worse Fred VanVleet except he has no swagger
If they can find a way to get a passable 3 point shooter on the floor by the end of the season somehow, they might be ok...
It’s like when they call Ben Simmons a “superstar” like you can just speak that shit into existence
Because in a number of those games we had guys coming back from long absences who played like shit (Lowry and Ibaka in particular).
It’s literally what happened? I don’t know why you think anyone needs to make excuses for being 4th seed in their conference, our team is playing well.
How’s Lyle Kuzma playing?
The All Star game is all about watching players score a billion points while nobody plays any defence at all, he’s honestly perfect for the all star game
7/8 decks are Oko decks but the problem is Urza? If you totally removed the Urza decks then 3/4 of the top decks are Oko decks and it’s still an unhealthy over representation.
If you subtract 4 Urza decks from the top 8, you have 4 decks. If 3 of those decks play Oko, 3/4 of the remaining top decks are still Oko decks. Quick maths.
ERRATA OKO TO CHANGE ALL UP TICKS TO DOWN TICKS AND ALL EFFECTS TURN THE CONTROLLING PLAYERS LANDS TO 3/3 ELKS WITH DEFENDER THAT CAN ONLY BLOCK CREATURES WITH ISLANDWALK
YOU ALL LIKED WRENN AND SIX SO MUCH THAT HERE IS A ZERO MANA COLOURLESS PLANESWALKER WITH 5 + ABILITIES
I WOULD MISS RANGER CAPTAIN AND STEP MOM BECAUSE FOR A LITTLE BIT WE COULD PRETEND LIKE FAIR WHITE DECKS WERE FRINGE PLAYABLE AND THAT'S ALL WE HAVE THANK YOU
Shit, Affinity died for Urza. Lattice wasn't really problematic in terms of metagame share or winrate but it was such an obnoxious win condition that it's not the worst thing to see it gone. Oko was so obvious that only a few truly deluded people were even arguing for it to stick around, but at least now I can try and jam stoneforge into stuff again. I think Veil is probably going to be fine going forward since it incentivizes creature combo decks like infect and druid which are actually positive influences in the format by preying upon goldfish decks while being beatable by decks running lots of removal. I'm pretty optimistic that we'll have a decent format with what we currently have until the next broken thing gets introduced through standard.
Any time I've played against a budget affinity deck without Opal the deck has seriously sucked. Even discounting the acceleration which was great, it was another artifact that turned on metalcraft, could be sacced to ravager, pumped your cranial platings and fixed your mana. The deck might continue to exist but it's going to have to be built significantly differently than the old style affinity decks were built.
Neobrand has literally never been good and it's not because of interaction. Titan is going to dominate in a midrange meta but I think the existence of infect and druid combo is going to keep that deck in check pretty hard. With veil in the format you keep infect and druid combo playable even with a lot of midrange floating around (and they'll still lose to midrange but it will be a closer game than otherwise) and those decks absolutely smash titan decks. The meta is getting shaken up pretty hard by these bans and the most common use case for veil was protecting Oko so I don't honestly feel like anyone can predict what things are going to look like a few months from now.
&gt; Also, why not just ban KGC over lattice? My guess is because KGC may still see some play in the format and thus enable different strategies while lattice sees no play in the format without KGC and doesn't enable anything. I don't have strong feelings on it either way but I suspect that's WOTC's logic.
&gt; Wizards typically doesnt hit cards that are healthy in other decks, unless it is for good reason. The last time they did this was with the banning of Eye of Ugin Dude, what? Faithless looting was banned in August, that's not even six months ago.
Burn and GBx are quite resistant to bans on account of being just a collection of good cards in their niche and not really hinging on a single specific card. Aether vial decks could probably survive any single ban besides aether vial, and that's an unlikely ban target at this time but there's no way of really predicting the future. UWx based control decks are more or less entirely ban proof. Value decks like GW valuetown or Soulherder are so terrible that nobody will ever ban anything from them so they're also fairly safe IMO.
&gt; Veil makes creature combo resilient to the fair decks that should keep them in check. Yes, it improves that matchup which is exactly the point. Instead of being an absolutely horrendous matchup it is simply a poor matchup. Part of the reason infect has been completely absent since the probe banning was because nobody wanted to play a deck that was almost hopeless to win against any deck running removal since you couldn't show up to a major event expecting to run into 2+ completely unwinnable matchups and hope to do well. If infect can maintain a decent enough winrate against midrange decks that it is incentivized to remain in the meta, midrange decks will run into more favourable matchups while having their worst matchups like Tron and Titan culled slightly. Infect with a 45% winrate against Jund is going to lead to a more fabourable meta for the Jund player than infect with a 30% winrate against Jund.
What keeps D&amp;T down is that it's just not that powerful if you're running a mono white version, and if you go with the E&amp;T version I think it *is* powerful enough to compete in modern but then you run into significant inconsistencies with your mana base. Vial goblins is very solid in an interactive meta and will probably be pretty decent right now. Plague engineer is a nightmare but you're pretty favoured pre board and if you have some way to negate the effect of the engineer you're still good post board.
I've had a few decks banned out from under me as someone who started with Birthing Pod as their first deck and then played a number of faithless looting decks as well. It ultimately sucks to lose your deck but I've stuck around in the format because the format has usually been exciting enough or interesting enough to warrant my interest. So for me, as long as the format was fun to engage with, I would get over whatever ban I got clubbed with. If the format ever became all Tron or some such terrible thing I would stop playing even if my favourite cards were still legal
Raps got work to do. Based on the past stretch I'm not at all surprised to see us fall out of top ten. Still lots of season left to play and we have some of our players back from injury at least.
I’ve gone back to D&amp;T off and on for the past six years and it’s absolutely one of my favourite decks. It’s a lot of fun
Street Wraith getting banned would likely kill the deck. I think the deck is currently pretty safe but street wraith is a zero mana effect which are always at risk of doing something horrendously busted and getting the ban hammer.
I’m just gonna jam Jund for a little bit but I am excited about Druid combo with SFM package since it’s a legit backup plan now that it’s not just a 3/3. Week one I think I want to be packing thoughtseize to deal with all the crazy nonsense people are going to try and run
I’m guessing you mean Mox Amber. I think the deck still does busted stuff and it’s almost certainly still competitive but it’s much easier to deal with a deck that doesn’t have a back up plan that only requires four slots and serves as win con, hate piece removal, creature removal and life gain in one.
Not yet, no. I think an SFM package of SFM, batterskull, sword of light and shadow and Viridian longbow is where I’ll probably start though.
When I was playing Bant I felt like it was worth the splash just for T3feri. T3feri and Ranger Captain and Giver could give you a lot of options for protecting your combo when trying to jam it through interaction.
For all we know he's a development project. Boucher did not contribute in any meaningful way to our team last year and this year he's a very very solid rotation piece. I'm not writing off SJ yet, I have to assume our scouts saw some potential in him.
Oh that's right I forgot about that one. That one I think is an excellent sideboard addition for sure.
Just be 7 feet tall, 300 pounds and great at basketball, dumbass
&gt; Toronto wouldn’t exactly a distraction free zone. Seems like the entire country would be all over him. We were ok until the post season honestly, then everyone lost their fucking minds and started stalking him with helicopters and shit
Even going back and watching the replay and **trying** to look for a justification for that technical I still couldn't see it. They should 100 percent rescind it.
Which was in July, after we started the post season. Things were pretty low key before that
&gt; moving in a new direction and banning the strongest decks out That’s not really fair or accurate. There have been a number of decks that were the “strongest” decks in modern at various points and which saw no bans. The issue has always been when there is a clear strongest deck that the meta game can not adjust to and knock that deck from its perch. Off the top of my head, “strongest” decks which at some point where the best performing deck in the format that did not see any bans targeted at them include; Humans, Tron, Grixis Shadow, Jund Shadow (which saw git probe banned and then came back even stronger), Lantern control, Titanshift and probably some others I’m missing. The difference is that those decks had weaknesses which the metagame could adapt to so there was no reason to ban them. When a deck like Eldrazi aggro or Oko or Hogaak comes along which can’t be beat by metagaming alone, Wizards does the correct thing in banning them. Modern is a format where Wizards seems to fuck up a lot and give players the opportunity to play something that is clearly above the power level of everything else every once in a while. In those cases, those decks end up getting banned, but it’s unfair to act like Wizards is simply arbitrarily banning any deck that puts up results just for being the “best” deck
Grixis shadow did not exist when probe got banned. A very small number of delver decks were just dropping shadow in as an additional threat but they weren’t putting up serious results and were running a bunch of tempo spells and no stubborn denials and weren’t putting up any actual results either. Grixis shadow as we know it didn’t exist until well after that and at the time it was considered the “best deck” probe had been banned for a long time already.
&gt; Titan decks / Big Mana will be King This doesn’t usually last for long as they’re pretty vulnerable to Death Shadow, infect and other aggro
That Skip Bayless number 2 stuff is so wack
23 points on 9/11 shooting and 3/4 from 3 is legit crazy
Yes, which would almost be like saying that when Titanshift was the best deck, the metagame was allowed to adjust without wizards banning the best deck...
&gt; Sounds like a pretty likely outcome to me. Which means that they're going to look pretty good in the east, Having a great offense with no defence isn't a winning strategy. How good do the Washington Wizards look in the East?
I mean, they already made No Ban List Modern and nobody wanted to play it then either. The problem isn't that Wizards is banning too many cards, the problem is that wizards keeps printing bullshit cards that require bans to have to deal with them.
For me I became an instant Marc fan when a few games into his tenure with the Raptors he absolutely smushed Beal and blocked him so hard it looked like Beal jumped downwards on the layup attempt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWyICZCT7JA
It was rampant at the start of the season because Marc would only have 3-6 points per game and idiots were calling him a liability on offence.
0 Oko Decks, the bans worked!
I would also have been fine living in the 25 square foot shack for 50,000 tbh
For those interested, the city’s offer contained significant cuts to benefits such as a co pay for coverage, no longer covering 100%, cuts to coverage for physiotherapy, no longer covering new/experimental treatments, and further limitations on taking days off to care for sick children/family members. CUPE isn’t voting to strike looking for more money, they’re voting to try and hold on to what they already have after taking significant cutbacks in the last two contract negotiations. Also relevant; https://www.thestar.com/news/city_hall/2019/02/27/toronto-police-are-being-offered-a-far-bigger-raise-than-other-city-workers.html
Yes but this one is head and shoulders above the vast majority of them. This fucking sucks
For real, people saying Marc was an offensive liability because he was only scoring a bucket or two per game should have to change their flair so we know not to listen to them ever.
Surely you must realize that Pat McCaw and Chris Boucher play different positions, right? Like, there is a reason that when Lowry takes a rest we don't sub in Ibaka even though Ibaka is awesome...
Bro he's too crucial, full stop. Our offence runs significantly better when he's on the court even if he's not the one draining buckets. He's one of the hardest to replace players on the team because we don't have anyone who can contribute what he does
I have fond memories of riding the Queen Streetcar in the summer with the window open and just watching the city go by on my way to my destination. Now I get a window that can't open, bright fluorescent lights and my knees interlocked with a stranger's. They obviously had to replace the old CLRVs but it's unfortunate that what they replaced them with is absolute dogshit from a rider experience perspective.
Puncture strips and a catapult on every streetcar that throws a cinderblock through the rear windshield of any car that blows through open doors.
Simmons isn’t even in the conversation. You can argue the others (although honestly I think Trae gets the spot even as much as I love Lowry) but you’re not sending a guy to the all star game when he’s averaging 16 points per game.
And a Spaniard
&gt; For real, as a society, I think we’re failing both mentally ill people and “normal” people THIS. I can’t understand why people don’t see the benefit to themselves of helping the homeless and mentally ill. From a purely selfish perspective I’m so fucking sick of sketchy people acting insane on the TTC and the crackheads that are ubiquitous all over downtown these days, and that’s why I’m a huge proponent of more funding for housing and mental health and addictions treatment. If you’re tired of that shit you should be voting progressively as well because it’s the only way it’s going to get fixed no matter how hard conservatives try and ignore the problem until it goes away.
It’s like halfway through the first, man
We’re streaky as hell. Most of our games feature big runs in both directions
Because Marc and Serge both take his minutes so there’s no real place in the rotation for him. Sucks because he’s been playing great
This RHJ, Siakam, Lowry, Powell, Gasol lineup is fire 🔥 EDIT: OG back in. Dream is dead
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take - Wayne Gretzky - Michael Scott
Lebron and AD are more rounded players so there’s not really anything weird about it
Doesn’t help that the Lakers are giving up open three after open three and Philly is making those shots
Nah, the East is always gonna cheer against the sixers
Wait until he shoots 17% from the three point line on 20+ attempts over an entire series...
Oh don’t get me wrong, I like Danny a lot. But part of the reason we were ok was that we had a lot of other credible three point shooters out there. If we were relying on Danny for any significant amount of offensive production we would have been fucked. Man dead ass shot 0% from three in like half a dozen games.
No this is how their whole argument works. You put in the conditional word “might” and you can then say whatever panicky nonsense you want as though it’s part of the conversation because hey it might be something that is true. The coronavirus *might* have a death rate of 15% and it *might* have infected hundreds of times more than the Chinese are reporting and it *might* cause the dead to rise from their graves and feed upon the living. It’s how people have been trying to get away with spouting sensationalist nonsense without actually knowing anything, because it *might* be true 🤷‍♂️
&gt; Please share what you think it might be No, this is stupid. When someone **knows** what it is, you share it. When you’re just guessing some fucking numbers nobody should be sharing what they think it “might” be because that’s ridiculous. You don’t know. Literally nobody knows because it is too early at this stage. STFU
&gt; Now, since only a few hundred of the confirmed cases have recovered we can assume it will only go up from there. No, no you can not. You're adopting convenient assumptions for the sake of your narrative, but we do not know at this stage what the death rate is going to be, nor do we know the true numbers of who is infected, nor do we know what percentage of infected patients require hospitalization, there is a lot we don't know. You're making shit up, conflating your assumptions with facts, and making absolutely insane claims like "200-400 times more lethal than the flu" with literally no factual backing at all. Things would go much better if people were called out for posting pandemic fan fiction and trying to pass it off as facts so we could have a better idea of what the factual information actually is at this point. What you have shared, is fan fiction and assumptions and peppering your post with the word "facts" does not change that.
There is nothing to suggest this is airborne and the vast majority of viruses are not airborne but can be spread through droplets in the air from coughing or sneezing.
&gt; I think the confirmation of a long dormant contagious period This has specifically not been confirmed by the CDC, who have stated they are looking into it but have found no clear evidence that this is the case.
Pascal still needs to develop his game against teams that can really defend him, but against teams that have poor defence he’s like a one man highlight reel
Our schedule is mad easy right now, we coasting
Warriors on their own won’t work. They’re great at taking a hit and not dying, but they’re not so good at killing things. Marauders and chaos lord on Karadrak will do a lot of your heavy lifting in killing stuff, as will things like demon princes. Using the mask of darkness to teleport a squad of marauders into your opponent’s back line for an almost guaranteed charge is a great way of creating headaches and taking care of support units or wizards as well. I haven’t had a chance to play with S2D yet but I’ve looked through the Battletome a lot and planned out forces. I don’t think they’re going to be a straightforward and easy army to play at all, so if you’re New I wouldn’t be discouraged that you’re losing at first. There’s a lot of powerful things in the book though but they’re things that deny enemy movement, fight before your opponent and let you teleport around the battlefield so they’re tricky to use. They’re not like something such as Petrifex elite that are just better in a straight up fight than what your opponent can do, so it’s going to take some time to find their strengths. You should definitely pick up some marauders though
He specifically said that their defence struggled because their shots weren’t falling which caused them to give up a lot of points in transition. We’re absolutely one of the better transition offences in the league, I think there’s validity to that.
Yeah the mark of chaos is definitely something you should be taking since it’s a free bonus that will make your troops better when they’re near your general. Definitely one of the first things you should pick up to add to your start collecting box is a chaos sorcerer lord since they make your warriors much harder to kill and they add a lot of utility by being able to cast and unbind spells
CPR is not mouth to mouth. Chest compressions alone are nearly as effective as chest compressions with rescue breaths. You should learn CPR, you may save a life one day
🤔
&gt; China wouldn't lockdown their country if its only 200 death or for a less threatening than flu like media has been potraying They almost certainly would. The media is saying 2-4% mortality rate, assuming this number is correct you absolutely would put your country on lockdown to stop a quickly spreading virus that kills 1/50 or 1/25 of the people it infects. The economic toll would be enormous and people need to realize that there is a range of outcomes between 28 days later and everyone gets the sniffles. If it’s exactly as serious as the media is portraying you would take significant measures to stop its spread.
Imagine a regular flu that killed a totally insignificant number of people but made large swathes of your workforce unable to work and put incredible strain on your hospitals and medical system. You’d still take it incredibly seriously because of the economic cost alone. The fact that people are taking this seriously doesn’t automatically mean it’s going to kill everyone.
His original post was that many of the people who died had weakened immune systems. What are you even arguing?
&gt; Though I doubt some of the basement dwellers on this site would be even remotely impacted by that. They're going to be fucked if uber eats stops delivering through a city wide curfew
&gt; It's a no-win situation, like the Kobayashi Maru test in Star Trek, except applied to healthcare. That's some of the bleakest shit I've read describing the state of US health care. Fuck
I’m only watching this game to see if this is the one Kevin Love finally drop kicks Sexton
Fred good for at least one hopeless drive into someone two feet taller than him per game
Raptors won’t do it but I wouldn’t be surprised if some dumbass team like the Knicks offers him way too much money
Maaaaan I worry about this team without Gasol
I mean I’d like him to stay with us and be on a successful team but it’s hard to know whether he values our team culture and being a competitor versus getting a huge contract.
We look really sluggish. Not sure if it’s missing Gasol, not taking Cleveland seriously or something else but our guys just look out of it
The chaos lord on crackerjack is pretty great but otherwise, yeah
It’s 100% if you count only the people who have died
&gt; Brook Lopez needs 138 more blocks and 1 more 3PM to reach this milestone I'm not sure if Brook making 138 more blocks and 1 more 3PM is going to let him also be the first NBA player in history to make this milestone
A friend of mine put it really succinctly in saying that what we’re seeing right now is as though Rodney King had happened at the same time as the Great Depression while the Spanish flu was raging.
Feels like I got hit by pepper spray filed paintballs while standing in the designated “free speech zone” at Queen’s park only yesterday
Jokes on you, noise bylaws weren’t getting enforced before the pandemic either. If you called the police you’d have gotten the same answer (we don’t do it) and if you’d called 311 about a loud party happening right this minute they would take your information and let you know it would get passed to a bylaw inspector who would call you in the next few weeks. Assuming it didn’t get randomly closed with no explanation (something I had happen repeatedly) a bylaw officer will call you eventually and mail a noise log to you which they’ll ask you to complete, which you will then receive several weeks after your neighbours cocaine fueled party raged until 9AM. A bylaw officer will then follow up with you and be disappointed that there’s nothing in your noise log for them to act on and then they’ll close the complaint. Your neighbour can then have another cocaine fueled after hours in the room sharing your bedroom wall until 9AM.
That moment when your closest strategic ally is run by a fascist dictator with the worlds most fragile ego, and the press asks you to comment on it 😬
&gt; Firebombing an embassy is a huge deal. We here in Toronto fire bombed the US embassy in the 90s. It didn’t come to anything.
What does this have to do with Toronto?
&gt; You know what GOOD mental health workers do? They tackle the person to the floor and restrain them in a non-painful way until they calm down. There’s very effective techniques and it’s extremely rare that we call the police. I have never heard, ever, of mental health workers in the community tackling people they’re not familiar with, ever. You don’t know if the person has a weapon, improperly stored sharps in their jacket pocket, there are dozens of reasons you’d never ever do this.
Yes, absolutely. And programs that pair mental health nurses with police should be expanded so that more situations can be de escalated properly. And the police desperately need to be reformed because they’re not doing a good job. All this is true, and we desperately need to fix the police forces because they are a disaster. But you’re not going to replace the job with mental health workers.
&gt; This argument hinges in the idea that the police has to have a monopoly on violence They should, and they should be held to the highest standard possible to ensure they exercise that monopoly on violence appropriately. Instead they’re held to no standard at all, and you end up where we are today.
I’m not sure how many bouncers you know but they’re not exactly the shining example of appropriate use of force or de escalation so I’m not sure that’s the strongest example. A specially trained security force that works for the municipality to escort mental health nurses and crisis counsellors into potentially dangerous situations sounds an awful lot like police by another name, so I don’t know what is really being accomplished at that point. It also makes way more sense from an oversight perspective to have a centralized police force in the city than dozens of individual security contractors that all answer to different people and have different procedures and policies.
Yeah I was really surprised that body cams didn’t have a greater impact, I wonder if it’s because police officers can turn them off or why that is, because logically it seems like they should significantly deter police behaving improperly.
Yeah, considering other places like B.C. are down to one new case at this point in time, we seem to have cocked this one up
If you’re in Bant Uro is just a better SFM honestly
“Rampant” 🙄
Anecdotally it seems like very few commercial landlords are helping out their tenants at this point in time by either accessing the rent subsidy or reducing rent (several of my friends own businesses and not one has received any help or concession from the landlord) preferring instead to believe that another business will quickly move into their units once the current one is evicted. I doubt things are going to play out this way and I very much hope that the provincial government offers no bail outs whatsoever to the commercial landlords in this province when they turn around and complain that they can’t find tenants
&gt; Outside of funding, there needs to be a program in place that actually holds police accountable for their actions I think we need a system that holds them accountable not just for their actions in the sense of punishing misconduct, but they should be accountable for performance as well. I know very few people who think we’re getting good value out of our police budget and it seems incredibly difficult to get the police to actually respond to calls and do their job on most days. They’ve significantly cut traffic stops for some reason. When you call for a fight in the street or a drug dealer camped out in front of your home with a swarm of crackheads hanging out and smoking crack they tell you they’re too busy to come out, if you’re at work and some clients get in a physical altercation they’ll take over an hour to show up and then be upset with you because “you said this was an emergency and nothing is happening”, but their fucking budget keeps going up. Nobody knows what the fuck they’re actually busy doing at any given time and if your job is to serve the public and most of the public thinks you’re doing a shitty job, you need to be accountable for that. How many of the rest of us can honestly say that of their boss asked them to do something they could tell their boss “yeah I dunno I’m pretty busy” and then go fuck off doing who knows what all day without getting in trouble?
Any deck with kroxa or tokens
Thoughtseize isn’t even good against Bant, you cast thoughtseize and just see an entire hand of cards you can’t beat, that also draw into other cards you can’t beat. All your cards are just so much worse than theirs anyway. You have push and lightning bolt against their deck that doesn’t need to attack to win, they have icefang coatl against yours that does. You have tarmogoyf and they have Uro. Your bloodbraid elf nets you a card, every one of their cards nets them a card and is usually better on the front half than a 3/2 haste. You thoughtseize and see a hand of 3 lands, astrolabe, T3feri, coatl, removal, you’re basically just not beating that hand even if you get to take one of those cards away.
Really? I never would have thought a police constable made 147,000 per year let alone twice that amount. Those figures are insane
Jund goblins is way more resilient to removal than Druid decks are. You more or less can’t beat the deck with one for one removal because eventually they hit goblin ringleader and draw a handful of cards, their board keeps growing and then they kill you from a stalemate with sling gang lieutenant. The only way to control their board is through continuous effects like plague engineer or backing up your spot removal with repeatable effects like lilly last hope or lavaman. Druid on the other hand is a more consistent combo deck that can kill you pretty quickly but the beat down plan has become pretty anemic since we moved away from kitchen finks and voice of resurgence
This sounds about par for the course for how we fail to make even a token effort to address most issues in this city.
That cat is having the time of its life
Comparing holocaust victims to insects is a brave take...
Your turn signal doesn’t actually grant you right of way, although I’m unclear if the HTA considers a bike lane it’s own lane of traffic. That said I’ve seen a lot of these scenarios where the car will pass the cyclist and then turn in front of the cyclist and cut them off which as a cyclist can be very difficult to avoid
The green bike boxes are for when cyclists are stopped at an intersection, they aren’t meant to indicate that cyclists should be riding on the left
I think it’s pretty good, but it’s easy to go overboard with the enamel washes. I think overall it’s ok in terms of grime but you need more or brighter patches of the red armour to show. Most likely you just need a brighter base coat so you can get more contrast going on I think. Still I wouldn’t call it dodgy, I like it.
No, he’s correct. If you attack with the first knife and cause an injury roll, no attacks with the second knife are resolved and there is no second injury roll
If you shoot with two ranges weapons (Tau gun drones for instance) and each pulse carbine hits and wounds, you would make 2 injury rolls assuming the first doesn’t take the model out of action.
Especially since the kind of deck running this or spell pierce absolutely has to counter T3feri to have any hope of staying in the game. Spell pierce hits T3feri, this doesn’t
He’s essentially complaining that they won’t get support because GW is focussed on releasing new variants of primaris Space marines.
You don’t even need to pitch an extra Uro since you want the card in your graveyard anyway, and there will be turns where drawing 2 cards is better than growth spiral + 3 life. This also becomes really good at turning extra copies of your planeswalkers into value
Indeed. I got most of them but somehow missed that one on the back of the bolter which is unfortunate. You’re definitely right though, it irks me every time I notice it
Anecdotally l, I live in Moss Park and I would say that I see very little mask usage downtown
It’s already been suggested but I really want to emphasize the suggestion for Breath of the Wild. Aside from just being this huge expansive game and being genuinely good, it’s also a really beautiful setting that can be really nice to escape to when stressed. When this COVID thing kicked off and my stress levels were through the roof, it really was good for my mental health to hike to the top of mountains at sunset in Zelda. Hope your treatment goes well!
They look great!
When Gaak was everywhere I played Mardu Shadow and facerolled. They sucked at interacting or blocking so you could usually fire off a path on their Hogaak and win the race with Temur battle rage or just swinging in before their blockers were set up. I won my first SCG invite by playing against Hogaak in 4 out of 8 Swiss rounds and not dropping a single round. Against Phoenix, I honestly just didn’t think it was that busted. A little interaction + a clock and I always felt 50/50 against the deck whether I was playing shadow or janky company decks. A scooze was great in that matchup or when I played an Abzan Flicker company deck activating knight of the reliquary for bojuka bog kept them from doing anything too crazy. Oko I used the best strategy there was against that deck which was to not play magic until it was banned.
It sounds like the “chef” is putting pre prepared food into a box and microwaving it. The cooking process is after sealing the box so I can’t imagine a scenario where that doesn’t imply the use of a microwave.
Probably disturbing the peace. It’s a pretty broad definition of ways you can be “impeding, harassing or molesting other persons”. I doubt they bothered to press charges
I would be surprised as individual wages haven’t exactly reflected productivity gains over the past few decades
This seems a lot worse than [[nebelghast herald]], if spirits wanted this effect they’d already be playing nebelghast instead IMO
I played suicide zoo before probe got banned and you could keep the most absurd starting hands with that deck. Like, 5 redraw effects, a death shadow and a become immense, no lands no fucks given. Banning it was totally the correct call but damn it was fun for a minute
The classic “path Uro, go down a card, opponent draws a card, opponent plays another land from their hand and opponent puts a land from their deck into play” hate strategy against Bant. If your good option against Bant is 3 for 1ing yourself with the sacrifice trigger on the stack it’s no surprise the deck isn’t losing to much of anything
Our recidivism rates are actually very good compared globally, so while we unfortunately have too many of these very visible failures we tend to do ok in terms of what people want from the justice system (getting people to stop committing crimes)
I don’t understand your list format, is 2x10 chainrasps twenty chainrasps or two min sized units of 10 chainrasps?
Ah ok, I don’t use battlescribe for AoS so maybe I’m just no familiar with it. So this is a decent start but there’s definitely some changes I’d make based on my experience playing Nighthaunts. I think you would do well to make one of your 20 blocks of chainrasps into a 40 block for starters. 40 can provide serious tarpit potential for your opponent to deal with, you get the discount for buying in bulk, and you’re more likely to have something left over by the time your hero phase rolls around to resurrect. I think in general you have the right units but your numbers are a bit off, for instance the reapers banshees and revenants are all great but you maybe have a few too many of those and not enough chainrasps. I might drop the revenants to a unit of 10 as you can struggle to get all 20 in combat and the unit of 10 with rerolls is pretty reliable at killing whatever you throw them at. I’m inclined to think that 2 guardians and a vampire lord is one too many and that the banshees really shine when paired with an endless spell for them to dispel. I haven’t played my nighthaunts since the meta went very shooty heavy and my legion of grief no longer functioned against all the character sniping going on, so take it with a grain of salt
Two units of 10 revenants would likely be fine but you just really want to make sure you have points available for chainrasps as nighthaunts are a board control army and not so much a threat heavy army. Generally you want your opponent bogged down in chainrasps while your hammer units can fly over the mess and kill what needs to be killed, so having too many threats like revenants or reapers will leave you short on screening units
The issue is generally that with moderns mana fixing there isn’t a great reason to ever play mono black without at minimum adding green and getting a significantly upgraded creature suite. Other splash options are white and going into BW zombies which I messed around with many moons ago for a grindy fair deck or adding red for additional removal options and a better creature suite. So it’s likely you can make something playable in modern in mono black, but if you’re optimizing a deck there just isn’t a good reason to stick with mono black at this time
It’s 37% for people who complete sentences over 6 months. The majority of people apparently do go straight after a jail stint according to the numbers https://www.mcscs.jus.gov.on.ca/english/Corrections/RatesRecidivism.html
Drugs for the drugs god!
As someone who once upon a time voted for Trudeau’s election platform of electoral reform, colour me skeptical. He has great progressive talking points but he’s been very much playing it safe when it comes to actual policy
&gt; Very expensive and (due to modern building fire safety codes) mostly unnecessary city department. The article you linked was an opinion piece. The reason you cannot cut firefighters is because of coverage. Stations are spaced around the city so that firefighters are able to respond in a timely manner. If fires have decreased 50% since whatever period of time, you cannot close 50% of stations without drastically affecting response times. As a result your less frequent fires would be significantly more destructive and more likely to spread to additional properties. This is largely the impetus behind firefighters being expected to take on more medical response, because you cannot cut firefighter numbers but you can better utilize them by having them respond to more than just fires
There are very few non firetruck vehicles in the Toronto Fire Service. The vans you see are usually district chiefs because the chief has to split their time between several different stations and that’s their transport to a major event that would require that level of command. The average station only has the large trucks so there isn’t any other vehicles for the fire department to respond with
Yes. If a person has a heart attack and the paramedics don’t arrive on time, it doesn’t turn into an entire city block of heart attacks like a fire does.
With no front of house staff that’s going to be full of homeless people by the end of the week
Sure but Modern has Force of Negation which is functionally equivalent against reanimate
Yes. A better way of doing this is stacking multiple negatives to hit on a discolord instead of a Bloodthirster though
&gt; This piece of shit is in intensive care. Maybe he won't need that cab. What a fucking waste of hospital resources
I don’t think the penalty is going to be a deterrent if the police continue to ignore traffic stops because they’re too busy whatever it is they claim to be doing. If there’s next to zero chance you’re going to get caught people won’t be deterred
It’s possible, however given the context that Doug Ford’s only real policy priority on getting elected was to ensure low wage earners didn’t get a 1 dollar raise to 15 dollars per hour Unifor’s claim seems believable in this instance.
The point is that his campaign was very light on priorities other than being anti labour, so when someone suggests he is trying to make changes to labour protections it has an air of plausibility almost by default. And he’s already made significant changes to the province without ever speaking on them in his election platform, it would not be at all out of character for him considering his election platform was largely undefined.
&gt; By your logic everything is believable by default as long as it's anti labour. A rumor that he will cut min wage to $9 is now suddenly credible and believable? This is both a slippery slope fallacy and a straw man fallacy all rolled into one.
No, that’s not how any of this works. Doug Ford has demonstrated that one of his positions is that he is anti labour, usually positioning his arguments as an either or situation where labour has to sacrifice for the benefit of “small business owners”. I said that this particular claim by Unifor seems plausible given the above. That’s not a slippery slope fallacy. A slippery slope fallacy is when you invent hypotheticals and argue that they must also be true because of a proposed continuum of logical reasoning. Hypotheticals such as claiming that I would argue a reverse of minimum wage increases back to 11.70 is also plausible despite the fact that nobody has proposed such a thing or even expanded the scope of discussion to include any reductions in minimum wage. I don’t think you’re arguing in good faith at this point so I’m out. For future reference : https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/slippery-slope
Of course he is. He’s flailing in the polls and desperate to do something, anything to make it look like he’s still in charge.
Because when you pay rescue fees they’re typically between 150-300 dollars which covers vet services, spaying/neutering, usually some number of vaccinations. There’s nowhere to make any money running a “scam rescue” by getting puppies from puppy mills, then feeding the puppies for x amount of time, then doing the vet stuff and then selling them as a rescue for 150-300 dollars. People aren’t running scams that lose them money.
Well you can generally tell if your dog has been spayed or neutered, and you get vaccination records with the dog when you pick it up. Theoretically someone could be forging the vet records but given that you still have to feed the dogs and pay to get them fixed you’re still looking at a wildly unprofitable scam for dogs that you’re selling for a couple hundred dollars. Nobody is going to raise a puppy to an adoptable age for a few months, forge veterinary documents while still having to pay for food and neutering/spaying so they can sell a fake rescue for a couple hundred bucks. There’s no way to make money doing it, it doesn’t make financial sense. If you’re going to go through the trouble of running a puppy mill, why would you not just sell the puppies rather than concocting a fake rescue scam so that you can sell them for a fraction of the price?
I’m still not seeing where there is any room for the “scammers” to make a profit, which is generally the motive for scamming in the first place. And yes, absolutely many rescues come from puppy mills, this is widely acknowledged. The puppies don’t get sold and they get abandoned at which point they can end up in a rescue. However the puppy mill is not making any money from dogs they surrender that end up in rescues, so I fail to see how any of this incentivizes puppy mills to breed more free puppies for the rescue system since their entire purpose for breeding puppies in the first place is to sell them at a profit. If someone buys a rescue puppy that the puppy mill made zero dollars breeding instead of paying the puppy mill for a puppy it actually disincentivizes the puppy mill operator from breeding more puppies.
Yes... but the profitability is from the people buying the bread. The existence of a dumpster to throw unsold bread into is not an incentive to bake more bread that you then lose money on. The same is true of puppy mills, having a place that will take unsold dogs (usually a shelter) is not incentivizing them to breed dogs since those are animals they have lost money on.
Yes. And that has nothing to do with rescues, or demand created by rescues, which doesn’t support your argument that rescues are partially fueling demand for puppy mills...
I bought a spring jacket two years ago for those 5-10 Celsius days, I think I’ve worn it less than a dozen times.
“None of Toronto’s problems affect me directly so I don’t care about them” A very significant number of voters in the city have no interest in city building or planning for the future, so we’re always going to get a large chunk of voters who’s position is “fuck you, got mine”
I don’t know that anyone is looking to the states as an example of how to manage this pandemic effectively so I’m not sure what the relevance is.
In Trump’s defence, he finds even the most straightforward basic tasks impossible to do. This chucklefuck can’t figure out how a glass of water works or how to close an umbrella.
It does actually; https://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/british/public-interest Second definition; &gt; the fact that people in general are interested in something &gt; Several concerts were cancelled because of a lack of public interest. The usage is common enough to be in the dictionary, so 🤷‍♂️
It’s Bant. You look stupid as shit playing 1 for 1 answers against a deck where every single permanent cantrips and gains value.
The NBA was going to keep everyone isolate at Disney and use the courts there. Being that it’s Florida and currently COVID is raging down there it doesn’t seem like a very good plan admittedly, but if you were to pretend Florida had a functioning government with some kind of organized pandemic response you could see the logic.
Part of the problem is that our City Councillor Wong-Tam couldn’t give less of a fuck about her constituents living east of Jarvis and spends more time advocating on behalf of people who want to turn the ward into a 24 hour crack and meth rager than the people who she was elected to represent.
&gt; but what do you want the city to do when they trash anything given to them within literal hours? A very big part of it is because the city is hell bent on this absolute insane commitment to viewing everything through a harm reduction lense which means any attempts to enforce any kind of law and order whatsoever is a non starter. I’ve seen this personally when I met with management from shelter support and housing about their respite program which in the case of Margaret’s is just city run crack houses. Any suggestion that maybe the city shouldn’t allow people to party on the sidewalk all night every night because crackheads were smashing windows and assaulting people constantly was met with “well, that’s the respite model, it’s meant to be low barrier”. It’s absolute fucking lunacy
From what I’ve seen, advocates don’t believe there is a line. When the neighbourhood tried to address the fact that street health our local safe injection site had 30+ people at a time after hours blaring music and open drug dealing all night every night their response was “well, crack users need somewhere to go”. The police wouldn’t do anything since it was private property and Street Health didn’t want the police to remove them, so you had a gang that would set up and throw parties on the property every night so they could sell crack and meth until dawn. So generally speaking, I don’t believe there is a line
Yeah, really nice person and as an added bonus you can pick up a bunch of custom tokens at the same time. One of my favourite artists at GPs
Or collective brutality. I’ve literally never lost a game against Burn where I cast an escalated brutality
Yeah. If you’re in a post board game and your opponent starts grinning after you play your goblin guide, you’re in a bad spot
Why the lieutenant over chaplain with eye of hypnoth?
I feel like the government condemning people who are too sick to work to a life of relying on food banks and living in slums is an injustice, but maybe your perspective is different from the reddit edgelord side of the fence.
How the fuck did La Passerelle get approved for a grant after having their funds cut off for stealing government grants in January 2019? https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2019/06/19/ontario-cuts-off-funding-to-francophone-non-profit-la-passerelle-following-allegations-of-taxpayer-money-misuse.html
Leaving aside issues of police tactics and what kinds of calls police should be responding to, this seems like an absurd waste of money.
“The economy will be fine once Justin Trudeau stops getting in our way and we can just oil harder until it works again”
Probably after seeing all the clout Singh got for calling the racist guy a racist, this guy decided to call the piece of shit a piece of shit hoping for the same results
The police have MCIT teams that pair mental health nurses with a police officer. It’s a successful program and the police officer ensures the safety of the mental health nurse. We need more MCIT teams, there are still going to be situations that mental health nurses cannot respond to safely on their own.
I love these cinematic moments that come up in games, I think it’s where kill team really shines compared to the bigger systems
My guess is limited resources so (*in theory*) the responding officers request for MCIT upon assessing the situation to make sure the limited amount of teams get sent to the calls where they can be the most useful. That said it’s a guess and I really don’t know. The 62 year old guy who they just shot sounds like absolutely a scenario where an MCIT would have been able to respond a lot better than the absolute morons they sent who ended up shooting the guy.
The sad thing is that I can remember being around when people really started adopting the internet and thinking that the exact opposite was going to happen and everyone by now would be ridiculously well informed because they had access to all this information. I was 10 so maybe that was super naive, but holy hell did we ever take a wrong turn somewhere to get to this point
I guess I meant in comparison to people who put in 100+ hours. For me, 70 hours on a game is definitely getting invested pretty heavily but I didn’t play it enough to really have an elaborate island or home. I mostly just fished and visited my island buddies, and honestly I really enjoyed my time with the game
