&gt;There's absolutely a dice market Not the way there is for things like Magic cards or antiques. Most dice don't have an established value so appraising a bunch of dice is shaky because there's no real guidelines as to their value. It's dictated by what people will pay. If you get a real Chessex hound who wants a set because it'll round out their collection and it isn't made anymore, they'll likely pay more than someone who looks for a certain aesthetic theme with their dice and is less interested in the brand. &gt; and this lot is worth way more than $40. Maybe to someone else. Not to me.
&gt;https://publicinterestlegal.org/files/Alien-Invasion-II-FINAL.pdf Are you fucking with me? Sweet brown baby jesus I think you're serious. &gt;Over 1000 illegals on the voter rolls in in just 8 virginia counties were found. The search was later expanded and more than 5500 were found and nearly 7500 illegal ballots were cast in 120 counties with 13 refusing to remove illegals from their rolls. Ok, assuming for a moment that the link isn't a massive bout of cherry picking, let's take that 7,500 number as gospel. Virginia has [5.6 million](https://www.elections.virginia.gov/resultsreports/registration-statistics/index.html) registered voters, but let's keep it at 5 for the sake of round numbers and to account for population drop. That 7,500 number isn't per year, it's since 2011. From your own link &gt;The numbers are alarming: 5,556 non-citizens have been removed from the voter rolls for citizenship problems in 120 of Virginia’s 133 voting jurisdictions since 2011. In 102 of these jurisdictions, 1,852 individuals cast 7,474 ballots Let's ignore the fact that 7,500 number isn't sourced and literally nothing else points to it. This means that just shy of 1,100 votes per year were cast by people who were not eligible to vote. So 0.022% of the vote in Virginia per year were invalid. You don't possibly think this is a paperwork problem? I mean if this is a deliberate scheme to pervert the course of electoral democracy then it's *really* bad at it. Being able to influence 0.022% of the vote is not going to help anyone. Even if you stretch this out and say that it's like this everywhere (again, ignoring the fact that you can't actually prove that) you're still looking at barely above margin of error numbers. This is why this nonsense just *kills* me because you know nothing about how the actual election system works in your or any other state (because if you did, we wouldn't be having this conversation) and probably consider the federal/state governments to be inept/corrupt yet somehow they're able to pull off elections with *zero* paperwork problems that create problems in the tallies. &gt;I think it's safe to say there's plenty more who haven't admitted they're on the rolls and voting illegally Soooo you don't actually have any proof that this is more than a problem of paperwork not being filed correctly or people checking the wrong boxes? That's the general theme I'm getting here. The document has a lot of "it's reasonable to assume" and "it's obvious that" lines, which basically means "I'm going to make an assertion I don't have data to back up." &gt; Hell Democrats will even illegally send you the form with the citizenship box already filled in! Proof? &gt;So again, why would they not vote? Because the benefit is *far* outweighed by the costs. If someone came to you and handed you a button and said if you pressed that button, there is a *marginal* chance you will help get someone elected that *may* be more friendly towards you and your interests but there'd also be a decent chance you'd go to jail for five years, be fined tens of thousands of dollars, and loose your right to vote forever what would you do? Voter fraud is *pointless* in our system because of the way it works. &gt;Why do the counties closest to the mexican border almost all vote Hillary even in deeply red states? Wouldn't be because of a high concentration of illegals by any chance? Two things. First, if all the "illegals" are the ones voting Democrat then what the actual fuck is up with all those illegals in New England, Nor Cal, PNW, Hawaii, Alaska, the Dakotas, and Michigan? Why is Arizona, Texas, Nevada, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Mississippi so red? Hell even New Mexico (you'd think they'd concentrate their efforts there) is only half blue counties. Second, a concentration of Hispanic voters near the southern border makes sense because that's where a large concentration of Hispanic people live and the Hispanic community tends to vote Democrat.
&gt;Not really. In a first-world country, probably true but there's more to the world than the US. &gt;I assure you, some radicals see it that way (including some on the far right), but most people pay you no mind other than irritation. Then please share with the class why the right is frothing at the mouth whenever the "radical left" gets brought up. &gt;Try violence and see what that gets you by comparison. There is an implication in here similar to the race war theory of the far right, which is that if you engage in violence you will be the proverbial spark that starts the Prairie Fire - but that never happens; people instead recoil in horror. In some cases, yes. Pure violence for the sake of violence is generally ineffective. That does not mean that violence itself is useless. It also boils down to a matter of what do you do when it has become crystal clear that non-violence will not and cannot break institutional holds on power. &gt;What class? The aforementioned white working class who voted for Trump? POUND THAT KOOL-AID SOME MORE. Yeah, rich white capitalists own guns, but so do a hell of a lot of people in depressed parts of West Virginia. There's more people in the world that white people. You also forget that not all the white working class voted for Trump or indeed voted period. &gt;Wow that is delusional. No, this is when the national guard gets called in and the pistols turn to AR-15s and body armor. Refresh my memory, how did the Bundy stand off end? I don't seem to remember AR-15's roaring and bodies hitting the ground but I'm old and they say your memory is the first to go. &gt;See, now, I've listened to a lot of commentary from the left about why the Malheur crowd were treated that way, and none of them had anything to do with their automatic weapons so much as being a certain kind of white person. Whiteness was absolutely a factor, a prime one at that. But it'd be ludicrous to ignore the idea that part of why the stand off ended the way it did was because law enforcement was at risk from the ranchers. Neither side had any real doubts as to how it would end if things got rowdy but it's the same idea as a single person holding up a room full of people with a knife; the outcome may be a foregone conclusion but *somebody* is going to get seriously hurt or killed before it ends and nobody wants to be that person. From an institutional standpoint, it looks bad to have police getting shot. The ranchers were the local branch of Y'allQaeda and if the nightly news broadcast images of them putting up a decent fight with what they had, that sends the message that fighting back is not only possible but if you plan and supply you might just be more effective at it. &gt;You are *not going to cause the police fear by being armed.* Holy shit, is this guy high? You might well cause some fringe fascist dick to think twice, however, which is the best reason to carry and display a firearm. Individually, no, you're right. But communities that are able to defend themselves can absolutely give institutional powers pause.
&gt;You literally asked for proof of illegal immigrants voting. You were given thousands of examples from a single state. I did, I did at that, and that was my fault for not being specific about what I was actually asking. Can you show that this is happening *at a statistically relevant rate?* Also, it was *a* thousand, not thousands. Let's keep it in perspective here, eh? &gt;When people outright admitted they were not citizens but were on the voter rolls? How could it be a paperwork problem? I don't know how their system works. I know in CA a lot of the process is automated and it depends largely on the people signing the paperwork to know what they're supposed to sign and how. Given that you're dealing with people whose first language isn't English, who may be in the process of attaining citizenship, and whose status may have changed between filling the form out and an investigation it still doesn't add up to more than problems with red tape. If you had 20-30% of votes being off, I'd agree that looked suspicious. As it is you're not even cracking half of one percent. &gt;Sure. &gt;[https://www.foxnews.com/politics/texas-democrats-under-investigation-after-sending-applications-with-citizenship-box-pre-checked-to-non-citizens](https://www.foxnews.com/politics/texas-democrats-under-investigation-after-sending-applications-with-citizenship-box-pre-checked-to-non-citizens) Yeah funny thing I actually dug into this and basically all of the places I found this were right-wing "news" sites a la Britebart. The biggest name to pick it up was FOX and that was after it was published in the Washington Times, which seems to be the originating point for the story. The Washington Times has a [loose relationship with the truth](https://archives.cjr.org/united_states_project/the_washington_times_takes_a_b.php) and is perfectly happy to give space to [wildly outlandish conspiracy theories.](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2008/oct/14/the-jihadist-vote/) Needless to say, they're not exactly a trustworthy source. There's no official statements, not even a mention of it from any official channels. Since the story seems to emanate almost entirely from an untrustworthy source, I'm going to have to call shenanigans on it. &gt;Nope, your claim, you provide the proof that they were their by clerical error, burden of proof is on you with this one. I don't have any direct proof. I find the explanation of a paperwork error more plausible than a deliberate conspiracy netting 0.022% of the vote of a state. &gt;They also found 3100 non-citizens registered to vote in just 13 sanctuary cities. Those are literally just the self-reported ones, I think even you can agree most people who commit a crime don't immediately turn themselves in? Ok, and? Voter registrations are not votes. I can register anyone I want to vote and use any name on the form. It's not (usually) illegal to register Mickey Mouse to vote, it *is* illegal to turn up and vote as Mickey Mouse unless I am Mickey Mouse. &gt;California literally gives illegal immigrants drivers licenses and automatically registers you to vote when you get a driver's license. Do the math on how that ends up. They've given out over a million driver's licenses to illegals now, which in most of the US is more than enough ID to register to vote. Christ on crutches is google broken for you? The driver's license for undocumented individuals is an AB-60 license that [cannot be used for identification purposes](https://www.dmv.org/ca-california/ab-60-drivers-license.php) and does not register you to vote. &gt;Extrapolating the data here into other more populous states with higher numbers of illegal immigrants puts the number of illegals voting at at least 100k which is more than enough to swing elections. No, no it is not. That's 0.030% of the US population and that's assuming that your numbers are even accurate and *completely* ignoring that you do not have proof that undocumented immigrants have successfully voted with anything even approaching a statistically significant rate. &gt;Though that is only extrapolating the ones who self-reported being on the voter rolls illegally, the numbers currently on the rolls illegally in Virginia and the rest of the nation are almost certainly much higher. So, again, you have no proof. &gt;California literally outlaws calling ICE on illegal immigrants. [No, it doesn't.](https://www.politifact.com/california/statements/2018/mar/07/jeff-sessions/jeff-sessions-misleading-claim-california-bans-pol/) &gt;California gives out driver's licenses to illegal immigrants It gives out highly restricted permits to drive. &gt;California now automatically registers you to vote when you get a driver's license unless you specifically opt out. Hooray, honesty systems always work! If you are applying for an AB-60 license you have to [provide proof of citizenship in order to be entered into the voter rolls](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/california-motor-voter-act/) by the Secretary of State's office. &gt;Texas democrats send out voter registration forms with the citizenship box already ticked. A story from a seriously questionable source with no supporting information. &gt;San Francisco lets illegals vote in school board elections. And? That seems irrelevant. &gt;Democrats oppose voter ID laws every step of the way. Because when these laws are proposed they tend to be focused [on minority voters.](https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/court-north-carolina-voter-id-law-targeted-black-voters/) &gt;I think the pattern here is pretty clear Yeah, you don't know how the process works and you read a few FB articles and think you're an expert whose cracked the code when in reality your ideas come from a mangled (at best) understanding of how these various systems work.
I would love to see the memo attached to that one. "So we got an order for 2,500 hockey pucks for MSU..." "Wow. Their hockey team must be *terrible.*"
There are a lot more people out there in this camp than one might think. They're generally harmless folks, a little odd but usually quite helpful. If you like to be fed, make friends with pagans. Food and feeding people is quite literally a part of most of our religious traditions.
I have a Mossberg 950A1 Marine and I've always been curious to handle a Remington Marine Magnum and see how different they feel.
Ohhhh so *that's* what a tech induced panic attack looks like. I legit would loose my fucking marbles if I had to deal with that for more than about an hour.
&gt;he interrupts the bard's intense infiltration/bluff mission with an anecdote about "how political correctness is ect. ect. ect." I feel like you can communicate the fact that he's a terrible person to have at the table with that sentence alone...
&gt;Large downloads by their very nature are very rarely 100% legal to download anyway There is a pretty wide gulf between "very rarely 100% legal" and CP. Given that they're charging tweens with production of CP just for *taking* nudes, not even sending them anywhere, but just taking them I might be a little more...cautious.
I just want to know what stock that is.
Normally I just lurk with these but I kinda need to put this down, even if it gets buried. I work with kids who've been abused and the kids we get through our program have generally been through literal hell. We've had new employees break down crying and quit on day one because they read through the files (and they ignore the advice of "don't try and read them all at once.") We had a new person and they were forming a bond with one of the kids. It's not uncommon to find that certain kids work better with certain staff and as long as the staff keeps in mind to maintain a healthy distance, it can be a good thing. Plus this staff had a child at home about the same age. This staff had been there maybe two weeks and she noticed the child in question had a placeholder last name with no middle name. She did the one thing I was hoping she'd never do; she asked me why this was. I had to explain to her that this child was rescued from the sex trade and had no family. The only reason the child had a name at all was because the people who "owned*" the child gave them one. No one knew where this child's family was or indeed even if the child had a family. No one knew where they came from or even what country they were a citizen of. They'd basically been a sex slave since they had any awareness of the world around them. Every memory they had was wrapped up in that experience. She just...shattered. She took a few steps backwards and kinda thumped up against the wall then just slid to the ground in a sitting position with that thousand yard stare. It took her about ten minutes to be able to get up and she just left. Never said a word, just walked out, got in her car, and drove off. I think it was the normalcy (relative to most kids) that the kid she connected with displayed. They smiled, laughed, talked, and yeah they said/did some things that were sexualized and inappropriate but they weren't this broken shell of a human that you kinda expect. Trauma is almost easier to deal with if it's out in the open. --- *= I realize "owned" in this context is potentially various flavors of horrifying to most people but that was the case.
&gt;They all seem nice. In that "Oh you're a plumber? What on *earth* is that?" sort of way.
Given that it's EVE, that's actually probably one of the tamer approaches that players have taken. This is a game where a player literally found out where the pilot of a huge ship lived, went to their house, and sabotaged the house's electrical system so the guy couldn't log in and join in on a battle. I played EVE for years and I enjoyed the hell out of it but it got way too "ride or die" for me. That plus the introduction of PLEX.
*Abuelita* is not going to like you. Just be prepared for that.
My father had one and I inherited it. I normally don't dig revolvers and especially not .22 revolvers but this thing just feels so nice to shoot. It's got probably the most comfortable trigger I've ever handled and the click of the hammer when it's pulled back is so satisfying.
I work in rural Oregon. You'd be surprised.
Another Oregonian in the wild?
This smells *seriously* suspect. OP basically spams Massdrop posts, Kickstarter page is in broken English using lots of terms like "ancient designs," the dice themselves look like edited versions of relatively widely available designs on AliExpress, and the goal of the Kickstarter is $1,234. I'm willing to bet anyone who donates to this is not going to see a product out of it.
Nope. Nobody heard from her after that.
Keep in mind, that's for the lower *and* the BCG. You cant just throw any BCG in there because of how it's designed.
Yup. Shit *hurts* too.
I personally didn't find it that punishing. A Mosin was my first rifle and while I definitely would have preferred it to have been a 10/22, I didn't get much of a choice in it. It's a pretty solid wham but honestly I've found 12 gauge to be "worse" than a Mosin. Especially out of my grandmother's old single shot. It has a recoil pad but it's basically dried out and solid now so it's less "pad" and more "decorative stock extension." Taking a 3" 12 gauge slug recoil to the shoulder with nothing but a t-shirt for padding is the height of un-fun.
This happens *a lot* with gun parts. Something seems cheap but the S&amp;H is insane.
It's less about specific issues and more about the "big tent" nature of the organization. Basically anybody can start a chapter so for a while there was big problems with reactionaries, racists, and other right-wing folks starting up chapters that were officially recognized. They've cleaned house somewhat from that but it's still a problem where you can end up with very TERF-y folks in charge and there are more than a few reports from people that I trust that PP isn't super great on issues of race. There's also been rumblings that bisexual folks tend to get something of a cold shoulder. Their bag is 100% "guns for LGBTQ+ people" but in doing that they tend to ignore other issues they really shouldn't.
I read something some years ago from someone who (claimed to have) worked with the band in the early days. Allegedly they did that specifically so people would record crappy live versions of their music and it would make them want better quality store-bought albums because recordings of their live shows made by fans were generally not very good and the equipment available to do that was either too expensive for most people or too bulky to just whip out during a concert.
I never claimed it was definitively authoritative, I have no source on it, only what I remember reading some years back. This kind of strategizing *was* a thing back then. Remember Van Halen and the brown M&amp;M's.
&gt;I understand you believe is not yours and that might be true Uhh it *is* true. Games from places like Steam are not purchases, they're long-term rentals at best. Digitizing a games collection is great but it's important to remember that the more you entrust to someone else, the less you actually own. You are banking on the fact that one day they're not going to go "Ehhh fuck this person" for whatever reason and flush your account. All the time, money, and effort put into your games at that point is gone and often without legal recourse.
Yep.
&gt;It does not mention whether fat or water is added -- no doubt the method was so familiar that instructions were considered unnecessary It was more because recipes were usually shorthand for experienced chefs whose job it was to know how to cook. It wasn't that the cooking methods were so common there was no need to spell them out but the people using these were expected to be familiar with their kitchen to the point where they could tailor the recipe to their situation. They had to account for variables that would be impossible to control for in a recipe; availability and freshness of local ingredients, taste of the person they were cooking for, heat retention and dissipation of their ovens and cookware, availability of kitchen help, as well as the number of people they were cooking for. More specific instructions would have been useless because there was no way to communicate specific requirements of a recipe to someone else when you didn't know what they'd be working with or what their goal was. These were more crib notes than recipes the way we understand them.
Well poo. Are there any decent AR stocks for the 10/22 that will accept the gamut of AR-15 accessories and the 10/22 mags (pref the drums as well)?
I don't know that I'd classify complaining about "those SJW's" as being "surprisingly cool" about it.
The problem is the majority of mass shooters that have actually been captured have not been shown to be suffering from mental illness. They have a skewed value system but they're not mentally ill.
The vast majority of us are not going to be in a position to afford a rifle where there's a concern about mixing up safe/semi/auto. 99% of the rilfes owned by any of us are going to have two settings; siesta and fiesta.
**No Commlink** - This is pretty rare. A pre-paid commlink is 100 nuyen. There's no reason not to have it. I've never had a character who didn't at least have a 2070 TracFone. **No Vehicle** - Almost none of my characters have this. Vehicles are expensive right out of the gate and if you're playing a character where that money is needed elsewhere or where the karma to get that money is critical, wheels are a luxury. Especially if you don't plan to use the vehicle for anything except getting to/from runs/meets. At that point you're paying a boatload of cash for something you won't ever really use in game unless your GM makes it a thing. **No Weapon** - 50/50. Sometimes characters don't *need* a weapon (mages, adepts, techomancers, etc) but one always helps. If it's a character I know will eventually need one, I shoot for a basic version just so they have *something* that goes bang. **No Place To Live** - Another one where you sometimes have to make choices and lifestyle is one of those places. Medium lifestyle is great but if you need that extra cash, it won't help you out much. Plus it's something that can be easily upgraded later on so I tend to start low. **No Fake SIN** - Usually because I really dislike the idea of how critical SINs are. Max you can get is R4 at creation (without qualities) but you're looking at 10k for that. Even a R2 is 5k. That's a lot of resources just so you don't get shot dead walking down the street. I dislike "mandatory buy" options that are mandatory to be able to not just die right out the gate. I have a similar gripe with licenses. Technically you're supposed to have a license for every combat spell you can cast. So if you're a good mage with say 7 spells and you want "ok" fake licenses for them, that's 4,200 nuyen for 7 R3 fake licenses. *And* the 7,500 for the R3 fake SIN. So a decent caster has to spend almost 12k just to be able to walk down the street and not get tackled or worry too much about being assensed and arrested. That's all assuming you can get them for book price and there's no markups. Oh and you may have to re-spend at least part of that every time one gets burned. Not a fan.
*That* looks pretty slick. It's a bit pricey but overall I like this one the best.
You win. I read the classics obsessively when I was young (I was a blast at parties) and this quote never came up.
&gt; Why is that? In no other industry is there such a lack of customer service. Most places that sell guns or accoutrements for the use thereof are generally mini-monopolies. Gun stores are numerous in the US but they tend to be spread apart so most people generally only have two maybe three that are easily accessible to them. This means that pretty much no matter what people are going to go to them so customer service is not as vital &gt;On Buy / Sell / Trade Marketplaces &amp; Forums (not Reddit): This is a people thing. I've been shopping for a car recently and the amount of *bullshit* just got so high that I finally said "fuck it" and bought from a dealership. People insisting that a blown head gasket only cost $200 to fix or that holes rusted through a car frame wasn't that bad. People don't know the value of what they have and think because they paid X for it that someone else should pay them X-5% regardless of what it is or what condition in it's in or what it is. &gt;Lastly, I've had some instances where the guy 'forgot' a small piece (i.e. a case, magazine, etc.) and they offer to mail it to me. That's a "nope." I'm willing to pay for X and all the gizmatchis that go to it. We agreed on X + gizmatchis and that's what I'll pay for. If someone shows up with just X, I'll still buy the item but damn skippy I'm knocking what I'll pay down because now I have to go get that item replaced. If they want to mail it, fine, I'll send them the difference once I have the part in my hand and am satisfied with its condition. Other person wants to get butthurt? Too bad. Get your shit together.
JFC is that true. Easily among the hardest things I had to do with my ex-fiancee when poly really became a thing was to get the ball rolling on a breakup and to actually bring it up. That wounded "Aren't I enough?" that doesn't go away no matter how much you try to assure them that it's not because of them.
I might pick up a box to try out in some of my excess bolt action .22's.
While there is *a lot* of truth to this, I wouldn't say it's as bad as OP draws it. I lived in CA most of my life. There's a lot of neo-nazis around SoCal but for the most part they're not organized and their main activities seem to be drinking beer and saying the "n" word a lot. After having been in Oregon for a while, there is definitely that libertarian bent to the white supremacists here but I don't know if I'd go so far as to say they're tech bros with money. There are a lot of people up here who are racist *and* have resources but I wouldn't put them in the same category as people like the Bundy's or militias. Their racism is more incidental than a driving force in their lives. It's sad because a lot of them are super low-key about it. A few months ago I was at a gun store buying some ammunition and guy who was waiting for help just struck up a conversation. He was pretty normal, polite white dude and we had a pleasant conversation....until he told me about the bunker he wanted to build in the woods to protect him and his family from the government and the blacks when they rose up. The racism here in southern Oregon feels less...focused (for lack of a better word.) I'm used to the skinheads and other neo-nazis in places like LA that read a few pages of Mein Kampf and would talk all day long about beating up POC and would absolutely do it (if the situation were 100% in their advantage and there was no risk to any of them.) Their racism was a lot more thought out and it occupied a much larger part of their day-to-day thinking. The people I've encountered up here have been racist but it's not an omnipresent thought that seems to loom in their psyche every day. They're definitely racist but they don't go out of their way to make that a fact of dealing with them.
This is a baaaaad move. It's a losing approach. If their point is the number of people killed by guns every year, the easy response is to highlight the fact that tobacco alone kills exponentially more people than firearms and there's no constitutionally protected right to access tobacco. It makes the entire push seem insincere and like they're just repackaging an anti-gun stance as a public health issue to make it more palatable. Which...is basically what they're doing. Democrats need to step back from guns. It's a losing issue for them no matter what.
If true I want to give a standing ovation to the marketing person who thought "Y'know, I want to get more people into Panera but *how?* I know! Free bagels and I'll post about it in a thread of people about to be homeless!" I'm not mod but even if they 100% admitted it was spam I'd allow it just out of sheer outside-the-box thinking.
Just a heads up, free food is great when you're on the thin edge of the wedge but bagels are insidious little fuckers. They're basically tailor made to jam up your guts and cause marker shits. If you're hard up, go for it, but you *really* need to have other things (preferably things with fiber) with them or else you're going to end up not crapping for a week and a half until one day you spend two hours in a 7-11 bathroom giving birth to some unholy creation that halves your body weight. Source: Bagels get thrown away a lot and I ate plenty of them when I was homeless.
What the fuck? Why you gotta drop a car payment for a place to pick heavy things up and put them back down again?
This is a thing that happens with some root beers. It's not brand specific, I've had it happen with some "all natural" brand. As far as I can tell, it's from the cleaning process for the machines that bottle the root beer.
Works dandy for me.
I lived in California for 30 years. Basically, there are rules about mandatory fire breaks for many places in fire prone areas. All property owners in those areas are required to establish and maintain firebreaks for their property. The problem is there's *a lot* of territory that can't really be broken up that way. It would be a massively expensive undertaking to have a network of firebreaks across the state. Additionally, fires have a tendency to throw cinders or even just generate extremely high temperature winds that cause things to auto-ignite because of the temperature. Fire breaks won't protect you against cinders being dispersed over large areas. Further complicating the problem is there's a reluctance to do widespread preventative burns. It's an expensive and complicated procedure that most people don't want to pay for. Consequently you have areas where dead, dry brush piles up for years or even decades so when a fire comes through it literally explodes because of the abundance of dry fuel. Wildfires are a natural part of living in areas prone to them. It sucks but that's the reality of life. It's like tornadoes in the Midwest or Hurricanes in the South; no matter where you go there's going to be natural phenomenon that can cause extensive damage.
It partially depends on where you are now. If you're still in CA and especially LA county, forget the CC license. CA generally dislikes them and LA will basically never grant them unless you've got money to donate to the LAPD Chief of Police's re-election campaign (no joke.) Judging from the mention of Lane and Multnomah, you may be in Oregon now. Don't bother calling SMPD. The chances that anyone you have a chance of talking to will actually know what they're talking about is slim to none. Right now, you need legal advice. Talk to a lawyer, see if you can get a free consultation so you can at least get some guidance about what you might have to do to get the warrant settled. &gt;Could they review my application, with "do you have a warrant" checked, run my name, call SMPD and say "fuck it" because of how obviously stupid my warrant is and give me my precious cc license? Almost assuredly no. Outstanding warrants, regardless of what they're for, are generally grounds for refusing a CC application from what I understand. --- On an unrelated note, if you find yourself around the Springfield area, drop a line. There's a motley collection of SRA folks in the area and we've been talking about doing a get together/range day.
I work with children who've been abused, a lot of them have situations and stories similar to this one. A lot of the time it's addiction. People's demons can pull them into seriously dark places and others along with them. Another big factor is mental illness. There are people who genuinely do not have a good grip on reality and when they act on their interpretation of reality it has negative consequences for others, sadly a lot of the time those others are children. Stress is part of that. People are capable of some pretty brutal shit if subjected to the right pressure for long enough. People who become parents who aren't prepared and lack the support and resources to handle the stress can push people to bad places. It happens more often than you'd think in care situations. Compassion fatigue and secondary post-traumatic stress disorder are real things and they do fuck people up. The third big contributing factor is the manifestation of the results of abuse. It shouldn't be a huge shock that a lot of people grow up in environments that are various flavors of abusive and the majority of them don't get caught. It shapes how they see the world and what constitutes "normal" treatment for a kid. It's not a guarantee but it's highly likely that people who've been abused will repeat patterns of abuse with their own kids. Abusive behavior is normalized as just "the way you parent." A lot of parents are that way with spanking; they say "I was spanked and I turned out ok" in order to justify being violent to children, I can promise you someone is going to respond to this post with that. There's also a tendency for people to justify horrible things with a "this is for your own good" mentality.
It's part of why I cant understand people's consternation when you mention you really don't like police.
Hard pass. While it's good that you don't seem to be going the route of the MRA version of "men's rights," this seems like either an attempt at trolling or else likely to attract some seriously scary folks.
&gt;When Erin Pizzey created the first domestic violence shelters for women she thought she would be taking in absolute victims who were just being beaten by a savage husband. What she found is that the women were just as violent 60% of the time to the point that they had to have therapy sessions to teach the women not to beat their children stuff like putting buttons on the kids shirt that said “stop I am a person”. And the point of this anecdote was...what exactly? &gt; Would you mind naming the MRA folks you are talking about? The various members of the red/blackpill communities, self-identified MRA's who argue that rape should be legalized and that all feminism is bent on destroying men (that general class of ideas), the various flavors of people who take a variety of religious doctrines stating women should be subservient to men *very* seriously, etc. &gt;Think of it like this I don’t think the MRA movement has anything similar to the S.C.U.M manifesto that it has attached itself to. You can "not a real MRA" all you want but there are a pretty wide basket of people who call themselves "MRA" who range from general aggrieved male to "women are the enemy and should be property" and while the former doesn't necessarily have the baked-in *hatred* of the latter it comes down to the fact that most of what gets advanced as advocating for men's rights is varying degrees of blaming everything on women or feminism. I'll agree completely that our society has some seriously skewed views with regards to men. I work with children. Believe me, I am *hyper* aware that our society has attitudes about things like men taking care of children that are unflattering at best. The solution to that isn't to blame women for everything bad that happens to men. What frustrates me more is even genuine MRA who aren't bent on blaming women for everything don't get that the vast majority of problems that men face are there *because we live in a patriarchal society.* **Men aren't taken as seriously with regards to mental health.** Largely because other men see things like going to a therapist or seeking other forms of treatment for mental health issues as "weak." That stigma is reinforced by a vision of masculinity created *by men.* **Men usually don't get custody of children in divorce proceedings.** Because we have traditionally viewed women as "more suited" to raising children. Look, you may be very well intentioned in this (still not ruling out elaborate troll) but you're getting into bed with some *seriously* sketchy folks and not only will that hurt what you're trying to do it's going to put you in the same camp as them regardless if you want to be there or not.
That got seriously demented up until a certain point.
It's not melodrama, I get the emotion they're trying to convey, but fuck. me. *running* what a creepy way to convey it. You're full on board for sentient bao *AND THEN SHE EATS THE FUCKIN' THING!* WHAT THE FUCK!? WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK!? There's a good two minutes where you're in the limbo of trying to decide if you're just out your head and this is life from now on or if there's some kind of subliminal programing happening that's trying to re-wire your brain to watch more Disney but someone somewhere mis-typed a line of code and that process just went off tae fuckin' rails.
I want to know what a sound level meter in that turret would read when you're letting fly.
There's a lot to unpack here...
This kind of stuff always comes up whenever there's a discussion about income and what people spend money on. Bottom line: Not a good idea to quarterback other people's financial choices, especially if they're in a tight spot. If someone is struggling and they're asking you for input you can say something like "If I were in your position, I'd ask myself how much value I'm getting out of keeping up with my tattoos versus what they cost." Things like tattoos come off as maybe frivolous or at least unnecessary to a lot of people but we forget that we make a lot of economic decisions for reasons aside from pure monetary strategy. What's the most cost effective way to live? Out in the woods, in a shack, with no utilities, eating beans and rice for every meal? Sure, but that's not really a life most of us want to live or would feel good about having. We do certain things because they make the other, bigger sacrifices we have to make easier to handle. For me, I did a lot of my tattoos when I was most broke. I think the majority of the ink that I got was during times of extreme distress and low financial stability. Was that a great financial choice? No, absolutely not. But it helped me hold things together. I was on the edge of losing everything and I did actually lose everything, several times, but the tattoos were a part of me that nobody could take away. You could literally burn everything I owned and dump me naked in the street and I'd still have them. They connected me to a sense of myself and when you're watching your world burn around you that sense of self can be *very* hard to hold on to. They definitely helped keep me going when I was homeless. What seems inconsequential or wasteful to you may be worth a lot more to someone else than just the money they put into it. Granted there's a difference between "I work on my sleeve to help focus me" and "I go on $1,000 shopping sprees every time I'm depressed." There is absolutely such a thing as using spending money as a means to artificially stave off negative feelings rather than addressing the underlying cause.
Tattoos are expensive if you get them all done at once. If you go piecemeal they're not too onerous. I've got work that would be $400-500 to just walk in and get but I got it in $40-50 increments over a period of time.
Being broke, I'm more likely to have $30-40 on hand than I am $400-500. This is why payments are a thing.
It's also often the only way you can afford certain things, not just luxuries. Things like appliances (refrigerators, freezers, etc) or vehicles are not luxuries.
You want people to be themselves? Allow me to share some of my genuine thoughts: Fuck off. I suspect that sentiment isn't an "I" thing either. I'm willing to bet if you took a poll, you'd find out it's a "we" thing as well.
You basically completely skipped my entire first post, I see.
I'm assuming that's if you're standing behind/near it. What if you're strapped into a metal and glass sphere with two of them roaring less than a foot from your head?
Carrey has a looooong way to go before anyone should start buying his newfound woke-ness.
He's put out other tweets of a similar bent.
He is basically the very definition of a Hollywood stereotype/limousine liberal. He doesn't believe vaccines help people and that they cause autism, he's a proponent of the "law of attraction," he's done a bunch of political "cartoons" that are [fucking horrendous](https://twitter.com/JimCarrey/status/975123558803259392/photo/1), he's also (to my knowledge) never owned the fact that a lot of his work is *seriously* problematic on multiple levels. As in like blatantly racist/homophobic/transphobic etc. So yeah, fuck Jim Carrey.
&gt;the S.C is very unlikely to take this case on appeal, they tend to stay out of 2nd Amendment issues. This was largely because there was a lot of uncertainty as to how 2nd Amendment cases would go because you had a roughly even partisan split with one or two swings which meant bringing a 2nd Amendment case might potentially tip either way and create precedent that would tip things either for or against private firearm ownership. Essentially neither side wanted a case that could go against them and create precedent that would be difficult to reverse for some time and doom their respective position until that happened. Now that the court leans more conservative, I don't think it's out of the realm of possibility that the court could start hearing more 2nd Amendment cases because there's a higher chance the decisions will come down in the favor of the majority.
I have Athena and Aphrodite. How smooth do you think that discovery went?
Unless you interact with these organizations on a regular basis, there really isn't anything.
Tell me about it. There's tens of thousands of mental healthcare workers that feel *very* stuck and there's almost nothing we can do.
This. Popcorn is absurdly easy to remove. You basically need a spray bottle with some water and something to scrape with. It makes a mess but you can do a whole room in ~20 minutes.
Uhhh you may want to get that reserve back. The M&amp;P 15-22 has a tendency to [decide when it's done shooting rather than letting you make that choice.](https://bearingarms.com/bob-o/2016/09/15/breaking-mp-1522s-banned-appleseed-events-battery-run-away-discharges/)
At the risk of being devil's advocate... &gt;U.S. cities are typically heavily policed and have strict gun laws We're not talking omnipresent police who can spot someone spitting gum out on the sidewalk from a block away. Cities do have larger police presence but cities themselves are not sealed fortresses. &gt;whereas rural areas, where one would typically expect an insurgency to take root, are largely reactionary. While I feel like this is at least partially true, it *really* depends where you're talking about. I live in Southern Oregon and while I would say that a lot of the people in the more rural areas are not radically left, there is still a good slice of the population that wouldn't have a lot of objection to some kind of civil insurrection, either from the right or the left. &gt;My sense is that to seriously discuss this scenario is to enter the realm of fiction. I wouldn't go so far as to say fiction but how something like that would shake out depends on a lot of different factors, none of which can be readily forecast with any degree of accuracy. Especially considering we have someone in charge who is basically everything except "predictable."
I've had a few people pull that one out. My counter to it is that I have no guarantee that they didn't actually shoot it. So I can either pay store new and get a guaranteed new firearm *with* a warranty and a return policy...or I can pay their "new" and cross my fingers that I'm not buying a lemon. Most people with a functional brain stem usually get it at that point.
Doooooo it. I promise you it's an experience you'll never forget.
There's a *wild* difference between Syria and the US. For starters, rebels tended to take and hold cities and these were the cities that were leveled. Additionally, many of these cities had populations that were largely opposed to Assad anyways so civilian casualties were not a huge concern. Additionally, the Assad regime is basically a full on military dictatorship. There are no mechanisms in place, even flawed ones, to censure those in power and there are no ways for the average person to make their displeasure known except by picking up a gun. Neither of these things is particularly true for the US. While a Republican electorate might be *more* upset if the administration carpet bombed San Fransisco as opposed to some town in the Midwest, there are enough people there who are considered supporters of the administration or at least opposed to an administration that would attack its own cities so openly that you'd almost guaranteed have some serious political repercussions. The US is not at that stage of totalitarianism where its armed forces can act with impunity within its own borders and not face opposition or at least severe criticism.
It is noteworthy that one of the theorized origins of the domestic dog is wolves who saw humans with a more or less constant supply of food and decided that hanging out with humans was a pretty sweet gig and, to a degree, self-domesticated.
You have to have a credit card on file with almost any rental agency before they'll let you take a car, even if it's pre-paid. You can pay for the car with a debit card but they need a credit card on file in case you take off or smash up the car. Unfortunately there's no real way around this. You will probably have to find another rental agency to get your car from when you arrive and get a refund from Hertz.
They accept debit *as payment* but you still need to have a credit card *on file* with them. Basically they want to have a credit card (usually one in the name of the renter/driver of the vehicle) even if they don't charge it in case anything happens to it.
&gt;Have two or three beers, just take an UBER or Lyft home. That's great...if you live in an area where ridesharing companies operate...
This is good news. Maybe places/institutions that have a wealth of Egyptian antiquities will have less to hem and haw over when the subject of repatriation comes up.
I've lived with half a dozen different infestations over the years of renting low-end places. I'd take all of them again at the same time rather than deal with bedbugs again. It's the only housing problem I've ever had that legitimately eats away at your sanity.
It's not impossible but it is quite difficult. I did a couple of things. First, I got up off the ground. My bed was a mattress on the ground at the time so I started sleeping in a hammock with a stand I made myself and I put duct tape sticky side out on the legs so anything crawling up the legs would get stuck. You could do the same with a regular bed assuming it's only got four or five legs that touch the ground. The key is *nothing* can touch the ground or the wall. Bed bugs can still fall on you from the ceiling. I made a little tent out of a sheet and the top of the frame I built. Bed bug covers for mattresses and pillows are a must. They're difficult as hell to put on but well worth it. Second, I cleaned *everything*. All my clothes got cleaned thoroughly and moved to sealed containers. They went one direction; sealed -&gt; worn -&gt; washed -&gt; sealed. I never deviated from that for any reason. If I didn't need it immediately, washed it and sealed it up. We also had a professional come in and spray. That helped quite a lot as well but it was keeping off where they could get to me and keeping them out of my clothes combined with spraying that helped the most. DE didn't work real well for me. None of the traditional store-bought stuff did much.
I remember IDJFK as being god mode.
No, IDJFK *was* a thing. I'm [not](http://www.actuarialoutpost.com/actuarial_discussion_forum/showthread.php?t=19545) the [only](https://old.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6keejo/iddqd_and_idjfk_are_codes_why/) one [that](https://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=106869511&amp;pagenumber=1) remembers it. I think it was an alternate to IDDQD.
&gt;Catsuits forbidden and how do you guys handle it? I FLIP THE GODSDAMNED TABLE! Nah but for reals this &gt;The jackpointer texts mentions seeing a catsuit on any person is a sure way to indicate said person to be a criminal infiltrator and our GM agrees as it is even written “in the rule books” so catsuits now are the same as weapons with the “forbidden on sight” quality is pretty weak tea. Jackpoint blurbs aren't strictly cannon and there's *a lot* of them that can be mined for information to give players a huge edge. It's territory he probably doesn't want to stray into as a GM because it can quickly turn into a massive dick waving contest to see who can out-rule lawyer who. Also the notion that "catsuits" (which, what the fuck are they even?) are "forbidden" is just asinine. It's a piece of clothing. An odd piece, but a piece of clothing. There's nothing special about them, nothing particularly high-tech. It's full body yoga pants, how the fuck is that going to be regulated? I can see them causing problems if you're caught crouching in the bushes wearing one or walking into a high end store with one on but this is a world where rainbow mohawks and obvious cyberware are considered ordinary and where people literally change their fucking genome to give themselves feathers as a form of body modification. I doubt anybody in a catsuit would get a second look in a lot of places.
If it's "obvious armor" that makes it even stranger to have it be "forbidden" because the book outright says that there are a lot of places where walking around with obvious armor is not only totes cool but it draws looks if you're *not* wearing armor. Even so, a basic set of clothes would cover it up and you'd look like Capt. Normal but be wearing a catsuit under it. I get what your GM is trying to do but I think he's doing it in the wrong way. Rather than trying to mechanically control things that he doesn't want or doesn't like, he needs to provide some kind of reasonable in-game weight to them. IE: If you want to wear armor, have you go into a place where being seen with *any* armor will raise suspicion and have some close interactions with guards that may alert them to your armor or have some social penalties if there's a meet and you go in full armor because the Johnson thinks you may be getting ready to betray them.
The Barrens and some low security zones it's been specifically mentioned that things like openly carrying around assault rifles is pretty much the norm.
&gt;A little perspective and analysis of how change in society happened/happens throughout history. I don't know how valuable that would actually be given that we're at a singularity point with regards of the shaping of history that is basically unprecedented in the scope of human development. As such, historiographic assessments are not going to do us a lot of good. &gt;I disagree with this, because I think it conflates the people that control society (have in interest in the status quo) with the ones that can change it (want to get rid of the same status quo). If that's not what you meant, I apologize. In absolute terms, you are right in that the ultimate power to change society rests in the hands of the many. However in an age where the power of a few can be magnified exponentially through application of resources to negate the power of the many, I don't see what good drawing that distinction makes. Our "masters of mankind" absolutely have the ability to thwart the efforts of the masses and have had long practice at doing so. Mass movements in recent years that have set records for number of participants have largely failed to achieve their goals because their power was siphoned away by the people that opposed them. For my part, I don't think we can have a meaningful discussion about how to change society until the current one is destroyed. It feels like a group of miners trapped in a mine after discovering a vein of silver arguing about how to divide up the spoils; the discussion is meaningless because, under the current circumstances, there's no way to put any decisions into action and the individuals involved have no real way to influence current circumstances one way or the other.
Are you looking for placement locations?
I'd be curious to see how this is implemented. If it's a basic set up, it'd be absolutely trivial to clone a chip as a fob and give it to a friend to just put on/in their backpack and then, as far as the computer is concerned, you're at school. The equipment to do this is maybe $30 on Amazon, I'm sure off TaoBao it's even cheaper and it takes literally seconds to do. There's the video but how easy is it going to be for parents to pick out their uniformed child in a mob of other children? An Australian school tried a fingerprint reader to take attendance and kids figured out that they could copy their fingerprints [in gummy bears](https://www.zdnet.com/article/sweet-bypass-for-student-finger-scanner/) and fool the scanner.
Part of the reason my partner and I have separate bedrooms.
I've thrown out more stickers since getting into firearms than I've probably ever owned in my life. I would think that basically any company you'd care to look up would be more than happy to throw a few stickers in an envelope, drop a stamp on it, and send them out.
It's also worth noting that the majority of gun crime is committed with handguns rather than rifles or shotguns so attributing such a large drop to legislation that in part targeted rifles and shotguns is misleading.
&gt;Less fortunate &gt;$829.99 &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
Lived in LA for 30 years. Most of the people who get disappointed by LA are people that move there expecting what they're used to. LA is a very atomized place where you have to *work* to find or make a community of people that you know. It's very easy to slip into a routine of doing the same things and not develop connections based on a kind of enforced closeness with others.
First things first, read [this.](http://www.achhd.org/documents/California-Tenants-Guide.pdf) Yes, it's 124 pages. Yes, it's boring. It will absolutely save your ass. Landlords in LA are shady as fuck and they *will* try and screw you. Even the ones that don't deliberately try and screw you will screw you because they don't know the law. Be sure you know the rules and you will avoid 80% of problems with landlords turning into royal clusterfucks. &gt;What are good areas in OR around LA to live in? Our rent budget is in the range of $1000-$1,300. We are flexible with rent. You'd better be because that will get you a place in the Valley. Maybe. In LA, you don't choose where to live unless you've got $3,500+ a month plus. Your rent dictates where you will live. &gt;We are also okay with living 15 minutes out of LA but if his job is in the city then we'd like to live as close to the city as possible. That's not really a thing because LA is so big. You can live in areas that are a little out from downtown but by and large "15 minutes outside LA" doesn't really exist. &gt;How reliable is the transportation system? (Bus, Uber/Lyft, taxi, bike, car) What is the best way to get around easily in LA? Not super. LA is *enormous* so public transit, despite being pretty good, is still slow. Ridesharing is an option but it typically costs. Biking is possible but it's not going to be fun when it's 110 degrees outside. You are almost certainly going to want a car. It is absolutely possible to live in LA without a car but it takes a lot of work and a lot more than $1,300 a month for rent. &gt;What is an estimation of the expenses? Groceries, home neccessities, going out, etc. High. Cost of living is pretty pricey and going out demands a premium, not only because it's LA but it also means getting there and back which can be costly in and of itself. Gas prices are high so that will run you more than you're used to. Groceries will run higher but not quite Alaska high. Electricity will cost quite a bit more and you'll use more of it (AC primarily.) Water/trash is generally included/paid by the landlord in larger buildings. If you get a car, be sure to be on top of maintenance. The absolute last thing you want is to have your engine give out in the middle of the 405 at 8:15 in the morning. AAA with roadside assistance is very common and while it costs up front, AAA handles a lot of DMV processes which alone can make the cost of their services worth it. DMV trips usually last for a very long time. Car insurance is mandatory and expensive. Get a dash cam. You will also want to budget for pest control. Bugs (specifically roaches and bed bugs) are part of life in LA. Get bed bug covers for all of your pillows and your mattress. Landlords will sometimes pay for sprays but will often refuse because "it's not that bad" and you will have to fight them.
If you feel like spending thousands of dollars to accomplish....I'm not really sure because it's basically just a mobile inventory system. Hell it's probably barely that and it gets its data sent from a server and just displays it.
&gt;Wen I said "how does change happen", I meant that we talk about precisely this. How does this happen? And why? There's any one of a thousand different ways to answer that question. &gt;While it is true that the scope of what needs to be done is unprecedented in history I meant the situations we're dealing with are literally unprecedented in the scope of history. We have never had the conflux of different factors involved in societal change that we currently do and as such we can't really rely on history to make predictions. &gt;But as you seem to think, that such discussions are meaningless I think they're very navel gaze-y specifically because the number of potential influence factors has grown so high that no one person or even group of people could possibly give any response to the question that was worth a damn. &gt;because no matter what contradictions may lie inside of society, our "masters of mankind" have the power to thwart anything emerging from them, I guess the only thing left to do is pray. I think these individuals have the power to quash or subvert most deliberate social movements to direct power away from them. I think there's a lot more to do than pray but it's beyond the scope of "be the change you want to see in the world."
I fucking *knew* it! Seeing her cook there was always something that just hit with me. I learned to do most of my cooking because I was very poor and you do tend to develop a "style" when you learn to cook while you're in a position where your options are to either cook or don't eat. It's that kind of "take things that were super cheap or that you got from the food pantry and fancy them up" and you learn when you can cut corners and have something come out as "pretty good."
It's definitely overly-dramatic and they really neglected the whole "mass" thing throughout the video. They also neglected to mention that .223 is basically just .22. Calling a .22 a "target shooting and hunting round" isn't wrong, it's definitely one of the most common target shooting rounds and plenty of people hunt small game with it. The video comes off more as ignorant rather than deliberately misleading. Keep in mind, NPR is also the one that [called out a huge list of schools](https://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2018/08/27/640323347/the-school-shootings-that-werent) where shootings had happened but couldn't be verified. Again, I dislike NPR on quite a bit and I think they're in way over their head with regards to firearms but they've made the most effort of most news outlets that I've seen to try and come down on both sides. I have to give them grudging credit for that.
&gt;At the end of the day we're still a democracy governed by the rule of law That provides you *way* less protection than you think it does.
&gt; I'm going to argue that their openness to honest information makes it more important to call them out when they get it wrong, for whatever reason. I don't disagree but it's important to distinguish between "didn't know" and "didn't care to know." &gt;making that bit about how .22lr is the only common hunting round very dangerous fake news. Except they never said that .22 is the only common hunting round. They said it was "a common bullet [used for] target shooting and hunting."
Now if these apps would just stop trying to hook into my FB, we'd be good.
What absolutely *kills* me is people using the high suicide idea as justification for being anti-trans and having next to no idea that the majority of the negative feelings around being trans comes from *other people* being shitheads. "Hey these people that we treat like crap feel bad!"
I guess that's one advantage to being an ugly fuck; *nobody* is going to see a porn and think "Ya know, that might be him."
Just leave it alone. There's no reason to mess with it and no gain from doing so. When you're homeless, bikes become something of communal property. It isn't uncommon to see the same bike passed around to half a dozen different people, sometimes ending up miles away from where they were initially stolen. Fun fact: While a lot of bikes that people who are homeless use are in fact stolen, the person using them is usually not the person who stole them. Even rudimentary bike locks usually require some kind of tool to break and when you're homeless, you generally don't make it a habit of carrying a set of tools with you. So what you usually do is you see a bike that's unsecured, grab it, go somewhere, dump it, someone else comes along, sees it, grabs it, goes where they're going, dumps it, repeat ad nauseum. Bike theft is usually done for resale with the two most popular spots being Craigslist (though now there's more a focus on OfferUp and LetGo because owners know to check Craigslist) and bike shops with less than honest owners. I can't speak to bike shops up here but I know when I was in LA there were plenty of small shops that would accept bikes "no questions asked" often for $50-80. The bikes would be "repaired" (read: have identifying information stripped) and be sold as new for $150-200 or more depending on their actual value. This was usually the domain of small time gangs or small organized groups. Individuals were pretty rare because it's easier, safer, and faster to work in pairs or small teams. &gt; I would hope if they think their stash is not safe they'll stop stashing it there You hope incorrectly. I was homeless for a while and rule number 1; don't mess with someone else's stuff if you're not willing to risk a throw-down. If you're on the streets, you have very little. A pack, a bike, a bag, or even just a bottle might have someone's lifeline in it; a cell phone with important numbers in it, a key to a storage unit with possessions, medication, family photos, identity documents, court paperwork, etc. Trashing it because it offends your aesthetic sensibilities (aside from just being a jerk move) puts you at risk of someone kicking your ass because you're messing with maybe their only link to the real world. You could get *real* lucky and find out you're messing with someone's stash of chosen recreational pharmaceuticals and then you're definitely in for an ass kicking if you get caught. The police will not and do not care. I don't care how white you are, calling them is going to get you a "We'll increase patrols in the area" at best. If you genuinely want to help the problem, talk to people who store their bikes in accessible locations. If you notice a neighbor leaving tools, windows open, or other things that increase their chances of being targeted by someone looking to steal things, talk to them in a friendly way and offer to help fix the situation if they need it. On the flip side, find out what organizations work to provide services for people who are homeless in the area. Donating time helping is always appreciated but you can donate supplies (hint: socks and underwear are usually in high demand and are almost never donated) or money to help them with their work.
Hey a new opportunity for him to pass a ban on it and the NRA to line up to agree with him all the way.
Homelessness isn't a problem you can fix *just* by throwing money at it.
Seriously, *fuck* that narrator and *fuck* whoever wrote that story. JFC that is the most patronizing and at the same time condescending look at homelessness I've seen in a long time.
&gt;That changes nothing when it’s illegal, stolen property. If you have possession of it. You are committing a crime. It's not like you can check a BIN if you're homeless. You find a bike, that could be there because someone stole it and was using it, owned it but dumped it, or dug it out of the trash. You have no way of knowing. &gt;At no point does stolen property become “communal property” Legally, no. Practically speaking is a different matter.
Without seeing the actual article, I'm willing to bet this was more a translation issue or else that picture doesn't go with that article.
I wish it were that simple. So before you build housing you have to decide where to put the housing. Land is expensive in LA and regardless of where you put it, there's going to be community backlash against it because people don't want low income housing around them. Look around this thread, a lot of people don't have a fond place in their heart for poor people. Ok, so just put it somewhere that's out of the way, that should work, right? Sure. Except once you do that you face the problem of what to do with the people who move into this housing. Are you intending that this housing be a temporary stop off point for people so they can get things a little more under control or are you looking at providing long-term housing options for people who may not be able to sustain the type of way of life that lets them move somewhere else and rent their own housing? In either case, putting the housing somewhere out of the way generally puts it far from places to work and transit lines. Most people there aren't going to have cars, how are they supposed to get to a job? There likely won't be many jobs in the area and even if it's a more rural area a sudden flood of new people is going to seriously disrupt the local economy in terms of jobs leading to, as we've already mentioned, serious community backlash. Assuming you get past that hurdle, you are faced with another problem. People living on the street have a variety of problems. Some of these problems put them on the street, some of them are keeping them on the street, some of them were picked up on the street. A lot of these issues are health (both physical and mental) related and are generally not conducive to leading a life that allows you to afford your own space. You'd be able to focus resources in this one location to help people but there are about 50,000 people in Los Angeles who are considered homeless. The real number is probably closer to 80-100,000 because there are a lot of people in situations that don't classify them as "homeless" per the statistics but still don't have a place to live. That number will swell once people learn about this new housing development and you'll have even more people showing up. Which brings us to the problem of just sheer numbers. Just sticking with the 50,000 number, that's a lot of people. There's a pretty famous public housing development built in the 1950's in Missouri called [Pruitt-Igoe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pruitt%E2%80%93Igoe) (PI) that was kind of designed to be specifically just a huge chunk of low income housing for poor people.* PI had 2,870 units in about 60 acres of land. Even if we cut apartments down to something like a studio apartment with limited space for kitchen and bathroom, optimistically say we can double PI's capacity and have 5,500 units. Even if we manage to find people who can share a studio (which is not easy even when you're *not* stressed all to hell) you've put housing together for 11,000 people. Let's suppose you took a more radical approach than PI and put buildings closer together and utilized *all* floors for living space and managed to double the occupancy *again* and got up to 25,000 people. There are still 25,000 other people without a place to stay. And again, we come back to the problem of "what can 25,000 people do besides sit in their sardine can apartment all day?" Dropping a block of 25,000 people *anywhere* is going to cause serious disruptions to local services and, as I mentioned before, the job market. I realize this seems like a simple thing to solve; no housing? Build housing! Problem solved! But a good rule of thumb with basically *any* problem is to say "Ok, if there's this wildly simple solution that no one has tried yet, there's probably a good reason for it." Yes, sometimes you'll be that person that thinks of that insanely simple solution that's just so simple that no one ever thought of it before, but chances are excellent that it's more because you don't have a complete understanding of the situation and the solution seems simple and obvious because you don't know enough about the issues with implementation to see why it hasn't been done. --- \* = As an aside, Pruitt-Igoe is usually a flagstone argument against public housing because it basically fell apart and turned into a haven for urban squalor before being pulled down. The issue is that wasn't the case in the beginning. The majority of the people who actually lived in Pruitt-Igoe when it first opened have pretty much uniformly said it was a pleasant, clean place to live. The problems started when funding for things like maintenance and security were cut and the place was allowed to fall into decay. It also doesn't help that the majority of the people living there were black at a time when it was still not super fun to be black in the US thus Pruitt-Igoe was probably not high on the list of priorities for the city government of St. Louis.
It will be very interesting to see where this goes. New Zealand is now at a crossroads that any country that proclaims itself democratic is going to arrive at when they try to get rid of guns. State = "Turn in these guns." Citizens = "No." State = "Turn in these guns *or else.*" Citizens = "Pass." What now? If it's a few hundred or even a few thousand people, it's easy enough to visit them and make them give you what they've got but you now start stepping into legally dicey territory where if you don't have the legal mechanisms in place to effectively pursue someone who owns firearms but won't give them up and you can't really prosecute them...you're kinda stuck. This applies more to the US but if something similar happened in the US and almost nobody complied, even if the police visited people's homes and said "Give us your ARs," there's really nothing stopping people from saying "I threw it away." At that point, as the state, your options are pretty limited. You can't really prove that this person stashed them, it's not illegal to throw away firearms. So if you arrest someone who says they don't have them...what can you charge them with? You have to throw away the foundational legal concepts that the US system is built on and at that point I'm not sure you'd get even a lot of anti-gun people to go with you.
It cries at work, just like human employees!
*I was just thinking that.* I saw that and my first thought was "That motherfucker is one stray tennis ball away from a Brunhilda fate."
There are no laws against deliberately throwing firearms away or destroying them yourself. It also doesn't matter what they believe, what matters is what they can prove in court.
Don't those automatic fire ball things basically explode conclusively? Are you concerned about the pressure blowing the cabinet open?
As far as I know, they all explode with [some degree of force.](https://youtu.be/iCRJSJPYy2A?t=119) They're not intended to be used in confined containers. They're generally mounted on a wall or ceiling where the force of the explosion throws powder out over the room. I applaud the ingenuity but these may not be great for use inside a cabinet.
Still, they are basically small firecrackers surrounded by fire retardant powder and explosives + confinement = pressure build up. I'd suggest at least testing one out in a container to see what happens. Maybe it doesn't have enough explosive force to blow the container open but I'd personally rather know that before it blows out the side walls and throws burning debris all over.
"But how do you aim?" "Hans, we are firing ammunition the size of buildings. We do not need to aim."
It's super important to note here that this is not a Republican thing nor is it a Democrat thing. Both parties are more or less cool with the status quo and want to upset that as little as possible. This is why radical forces on both sides tend to be either co-opted or flat turned away. Both parties know that the way things work now works to their benefit. Remember, for about two solid years the Democrats had control over all three branches of government and did exactly nothing about guns. Guns are a subject that, again, neither side wants to push too much on because it's a loose-only issue. We will probably not see significant legislative changes to firearms in the US unless the radicals on one side or the other get meaningful control.
Do better.
The concern for me would be blowing the cabinet apart and essentially throwing burning debris around the room. I found [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FL6VU3Y/) which does the same job just without the bang.
Fixed. Sorry about that, I didn't realize it had a referral code attached to it. It should be good to go now.
Keep this in mind when a news story comes up about someone doing something and the comments are replete with "lock them away for the rest of their lives!"
The problem is homelessness isn't something you can fix within our current system by doing the policy equivalent of throwing a few switches. It's the end result of a large conflux of different factors, many of which are integral to the basic operation of our society and economy. It's kinda like getting upset that a coal fired engine produces noxious black smoke; it does that because *that's how it works.* Part of the problem is the public expecting there to be some sort of set of solutions that can be taken that will fix things without them having to deal with any interruption of their own lives. It turns into the "Give them *something*" problem where the city starts to be more focused on short term statistical gains than on long term solutions because those long term solutions don't look so good on a balance sheet until further down the road and people want results *now.* These short term solutions don't solve the problem so it gets progressively worse. This also creates a spiral where people are less willing to give resources to efforts to ameliorate homelessness because, from their perspective, nothing is happening so why should they throw money away? It gets *further* complicated when people see the effect that aggressive policing has on homelessness. They personally don't have to deal with people who are homeless so they favor that as a solution. They aren't particularly concerned with the fact that it basically means the police kidnapping (yes, I use that word deliberately) people and dumping them somewhere else in the city/county. It also tends to mean much more violence against people who are homeless on the part of the police but, again, the locals don't have to deal with it so they're happy. This further exacerbates feelings of frustration, alienation, desperation, hopelessness, and anger among people who are homeless because they feel they're being targeted for something they have little to no control over. Aggressive policing measures are often disruptive to efforts to getting people back on their feet and that combined with routine "trash sweeps" frequently result in the loss of things like important documents or identity papers that people need to access services. So now they're even further marginalized because they don't have the basic identity documents a person needs to navigate social services. This further encourages drug use/abuse and the subsequent crime that goes along with it plus hostility towards locals which in turn fuels more aggressive policing.
You'd be surprised.
Because these solutions are often done through private contractors and when you get the "free market" involved people will soak a government contract for every penny they can. It's also worth keeping in mind that "accountability" is a relative term and when you add too much you actively cause problems. Food stamps is a great example. There are a metric shit ton of checks and policies in place to ensure people aren't "misusing" their foodstamps in LA that you end up kicking people off who need food stamps but something doesn't go quite right or they don't have that critical piece of documentation they need and they lose access. That's all despite the fact that the majority of the problems come from stores that scam foodstamps rather than people. It's related to the whole "drug test people on welfare" nonsense. It was put there as "accountability" and in the end turned out to cost more money than it saved.
Except the second, the fucking *second*, you throw that box out, you'll need one of those cables and have to pay $20 for it off eBay.
Pretty narrow. For starters, it's worth noting that "3D printed guns" are made to sound wildly easier to make than they actually are. Having handled them and with several friends who are into them, it's a lot more difficult than "push button -&gt; receive gun." It's not something the average person couldn't pick up but from a materials and time standpoint it doesn't make a ton of sense as a way to get a firearm if you otherwise can't have one. If you're the kind of person who is prohibited from purchasing a firearm and would be thinking of ways to get one despite that, chances are good you already know a way to get a firearm that's cheaper and easier than 3D printing one. It's also important to note that while you can print *some* parts of *some* firearms, you cannot just print out a whole gun except in the most generous definition of the term. You can print out some parts, including parts that you'd have to get a background check to buy from a store, but there are a large number of firearm parts that can't be produced this way by people at home. Now, as to the legal possibilities, again, pretty narrow. A 3D printer isn't actually a wildly complicated piece of equipment. The individual components can be ordered from China for a pretty reasonable price. Even a solid entry level printer is ~$250. So you can't really pass a law against 3D printers themselves. The components are widely used in other applications and it'd be almost impossible to tell if someone was ordering them to put together a 3D printer or the thousands of other types of equipment you can build with those parts. You could mandate special software that would "block" any attempt by the printer to create something that was shaped like a firearm part but there are any number of workarounds for this. Plus, let us not forget, there is absolutely nothing stopping people from just yanking that software out. Once the machine gets to a person, there's very little you can do to ensure they're actually following the rules. The only thing you could really do would be to make producing firearms in your own home illegal (something that has been widely established by legal precedent to be ok) and it would include 3D printed firearms. But you couldn't really stop people from doing it in the first place.
&gt;Printer - Ender 3 Pro &gt;Filament - Hatchbox PLA &gt;Temp - Extruder 190C / Bed 60C &gt;Layer Height - 0.5mm &gt;Speed - 60 m/s &gt;Slicer - Cura So a few prints ago this started to happen. I'll get some stringing but also this super strange "spider webbing" that shows up on prints. It's like string or thread and it's very similar to the kind of threading that happens when you pull a piece of PLA away from a hot nozzle and it stretches out into a feathery string. Except it's happening all over the place. What's going on?
&gt;How else do you get rid of retail work unless you get rid of retail workers? Granted, Bezos only does this to fatten his wallet. But it has to be done. Ok, ask yourself how *practically* that can be done. It's not going to be all of a sudden everyone working retail is going to be promoted to some as-yet-unknown job that somehow isn't retail. You are going to have a massive pool of workers who are unemployable because their only skillset is in an industry that doesn't need them anymore and who don't have the resources to re-skill and even if they did the economy can't absorb them. So you're going to have happen what happens a lot of the time when you have lots of people with nothing to lose and no future; violence and instability. &gt;We can do it too and in a way that doesn't fatten Bezos' wallet. Instead of being scandalized by what I said, ask yourself how we can do that? We burn the fucking system to the ground. I mean sure there's more ideologically complex ideas but if you want the TL;DR of what do we do about a system that is on an inevitable countdown to its own destruction, that's about the best you can get.
&gt;something like other states aren't "dumping" people here. Are you saying this is or is not happening? Because it definitely, 100% is. I would still put that under the general category of "kidnapping" because the majority of the time people are told there is "more help" waiting for them on the other end of the trip.
I mean, if your goal is to accelerate the degradation that comes with mass unemployment then sure, go for it.
Ok, I was actually homeless in Los Angeles. For the better part of a year. It's not a myth. It absolutely happens.
They're not a huge deal but I do want to understand why they're happening, especially if it's a symptom of a problem that I can easily fix.
They *publish manifestos* before going on mass shootings and your average person still has their finger up their nose wondering why this is all happening and advocating for banning guns as the way to fix it.
I don't disagree but does that really need to take the form of terabytes of videos of entitled little shits whining about how women won't date them?
I mean I don't disagree but, again, a lot of people do not accept that we have a problem with radicalized white supremacists in this country and refuse to see any other solution except banning guns.
&gt;Generally the people who believe in gun bans are the ones that believe there's a white supremacists problem. Definitely doesn't come across that way. They're usually the people who chalk everything up to mental illness and refuse to take a deeper look. &gt;Even then white supremacists are just a small segment of the mass murder/gun problem. The majority of mass shootings that have been carried out thus far have been by people who were some flavor of white supremacist. Sooo yeah, they are a big part of the problem.
Strictly speaking, no they don't. However if it becomes too much of a problem, they risk upsetting the ability to keep running YouTube. Hosting problematic content invites regulation or potential shut down.
I understand where you're coming from but there are two main things here. First, I'm not proposing we scrap every vestige of this modern trend of white supremacy. Losing some YT videos of them whining about how women won't date them because they're just *too alpha* costs us nothing. Second, it's also not like they're not going to make more of this garbage somewhere else. If you're really hot to squirrel away three hundred videos of insecure white dudes going on about how feminism is preventing them from getting laid, that *will* be there, I assure you. This is a trend that is ongoing and has been *very* well documented up to now and it shows little sign of slowing down and shutting off the sewage pipe of content.
&gt;I'm sure there will be enlightened assholes in the future that will claim, "oh it wasn't that bad. " There will *always* be people who claim something wasn't as bad as it really was regardless of how much documentary evidence exists. As I've pointed out before, a few hundred channels worth of videos of whiny, entitled men complaining that women won't date them because of feminism is no loss. &gt;or just straight up deny the Holocaust ever happened. There's a difference between not knowing because you don't have the information and willfully ignoring the information that does exist because it conflicts with your beliefs.
The problem is while yes controversial content drives views, it's also dangerous. It has the potential to go from something that drives views to something that drives outrage when someone posts a manifesto about how they want to shoot up a school and then goes and shoots up a school.
A relic of the ancient times.
Overtly, I don't. Felix himself probably isn't overtly racist and I'd be shocked if he had even the most cursory understanding of what the alt-right is and how they push what they do. His problem is he is unwilling to accept that he's become a rallying point for toxic people and declined to do anything meaningful about that.
&gt; everything was fine but my land lord is wanting all the rent in cash Which virtually guarantees that your place is an illegal sublet. &gt;it's happened before where I've given him cash payment and a few weeks later hes said he never recieved anything, I owe him money for being "late", he keeps threatening to kick me out if I dont cough it up soon. Aaaaand that's why he wants it in cash. He's taking advantage of you. You need to be out of there, this guy is scamming you and he's going to keep doing it until you're gone. He doesn't give a fuck about your health and there's no reason to keep feeding him money. I would actually suggest talking to a lawyer. It may be possible to sue and recover at least some of the money he's stolen. At the very least you'll bring his shit to the attention of the city and they're likely to turn his world upside down. Find one that works on commission. As for other options, time to start hitting social media. Talk to people you haven't in a long time; old friends, maybe an ex, family members. The priority is getting out of there.
Furniture can be replaced. Your health and safety takes priority. It sucks to lose things we're attached to but you have the choice of losing your future now when you bail on your own or losing it later when he inevitably kicks you out. You also have the real risk that he may escalate to asking for more than just money. The absolute last place you want to be is having to decide if you want to have sex with someone to keep a roof over your head. Trust me, that'll fuck most people up mentally. Whereabouts are you located?
I'm not trying to freak you but it is worth considering that someone willing to scam someone out of money every month isn't likely to be too moral to think about demanding other forms of payment. I'd strongly recommend getting out of DC. It's hard leaving a place you know but with DC being as expensive as it is, it's better to be ok elsewhere than to perpetually struggle there. Your old roommates might be a good temporary stop-off to give you enough time to consider more where you want to go.
How confident are you in the PLA? I've been honing my 3D printing skills (and trying to learn Fusion 360) to do this type of work and I'd settled on PETG for durability.
Hmmm. I have a roll of PLA+ that I was musing about using, maybe I'll figure out the support situation and use that.
No, no, no, just. fucking. no. Look, This attitude is prevalent and while it's not specifically *your* fault, it's a shit attitude to have. You know who else is a minority that's been radicalized by hate? ISIS. The Army of God. Al-Nusra. "Ignore it and it'll go away" is what you tell children when you don't want to deal with a problem. Violent, hateful minorities spread their poison by being ignored or else they escalate until it's no longer possible or safe to do so. It's easy to say "ignore it" when that violent minority doesn't threaten you (and I'm willing to bet you don't fall into a category that is particularly at-risk from violent white supremacists) and when you're not bearing the brunt of their hatred. Sometimes as a community you have to come together and say "No further." People are free to believe whatever they want to believe. If someone is determined to see themselves as superior because they invented a definition of white that they conveniently fit, whatever, I'm not social justice jesus. But the act of taking to the streets is not a neutral act. Waving banners, screaming slurs, and making threats online *are not neutral acts.* People who do this need to understand they are not welcome and if they try to move into a community they will be met with the displeasure of the people that live there. Fuck these nazi scum and anyone willing to give them a pass. "Turn the other cheek" is easy when you aren't the one getting your face rearranged.
Aboriginal Australians would like a word.
&gt;Most of these idiots here are just racist, low IQ morons qith no friends. How TF do you think the ISIS and Al-Nusra members cutting people's heads off started?
So would you say then that they were driven by an idea that they believed in strongly and uncritically?
One must go down to go up. If you want to build taller buildings, you generally have to dig down to make stronger foundations. That's not cheap on its own plus there's the added complications of going through utility lines and other subterranean obstacles that make building a taller building in a long developed urban setting a daunting task and one that most places avoid if possible.
You do understand that moving isn't free, right? Part of why a lot of people are homeless is because they don't have enough money. If moving were the solution to homelessness, there'd be a lot fewer people on the streets. When I was homeless and working, I didn't move somewhere else because there was no point. If I somehow made it somewhere else, I'd still be homeless but now I'd have no job, no friends, no network, and in an area I didn't know. So I'd actually be *worse off* if I moved.
There's a reason we got away from using these types of structures. Namely because many of them didn't survive the last round of severe quakes. I find many reasons to take issue with California and Los Angeles' desire to make rules about every. little. thing. But...the building codes, gargantuan as they are, keep things standing in a place where the ground has a predilection for moving. I'm not about to throw in with a plan to cram poor people into shoddy constructions prone to fire and collapse in an earthquake.
That is not a "cheap five-story woodframe construction."
&gt;This is fascinating because I completely disagree with everyone in that thread. If you post a nude picture of yourself in a public online forum, any claim to privacy is gone. You don't get to have your cake and eat it too. I wouldn't be so hasty about that assessment. At what point should you expect to have privacy again? If you post pictures online does that mean someone pointing at you in a store and yelling "I saw you naked!" isn't being an asshole because, hey, you don't have an expectation of privacy? How intrusive are people "allowed" to be when someone does something in the public sphere?
It's in a bad state in no small part because we can't make money from it. In a system where profit is the main driver for movement, anything that can't be utilized to make money is going to be deprioritized regardless of how important it is in the grand scheme of things.
I mean...you presumably have guns...
Yes. It's very ~~white~~ safe.
It's not just a question of hearing loss, it's the disorientation that can come from especially loud sounds on unprotected ears. A lot of people don't realize a loud sound doesn't just damage your hearing, it also rings your bell a bit. A home defense scenario is probably the last situation I'd want to be dizzy from my own shots.
&gt;The whole point of gin and tonic is because you need to drink tonic as an anti-malarial, and gin slightly masks the nasty taste. So why on earth are people in non-malarial zones ordering those at bars? 'Cause it's tasty.
Are you looking for a smartphone or just something to text/call with?
"Hey why didn't you guys shoot at the drones the military police sent out?"
Not gonna lie, being an escort was the easiest hard work I ever got paid hella dollars to do. EDIT: Since I've gotten several PMs about this, I'll just add it here. *"How did you get into it?"* Short answer, I got into it by circumstance and I met new people via word of mouth. *"Did you have sex with them?"* I never had sex with anyone who engaged me. I would have if I was asked but I was never asked. Understand that the majority of women, even women you personally may not find attractive, have zero problems catching a dick. They had no problems getting laid. What they wanted was companionship. They wanted the experience of a relationship with someone they'd been with for years with no strings attached. They wanted someone who could carry on an intelligent conversation and who could genuinely listen and respond empathetically. They wanted that one magical night that you get with a date that goes really well without having to string someone along or deal with a guy bugging them the next day or fight with a guy's ego or expectations for sex. Male escorts for women that aren't specifically for sex are pretty rare because men generally don't have mindset to be listeners and generally are not good at keeping our dicks out of the equation. *"*Who hired you?"* Most of them were women in their late 40's to early 60's. The majority of them were either single and had been so for most of their lives or were widowed and just didn't feel comfortable trying for relationships. There were a few outliers but generally that was the main demographic. Most of them were professionals or at least financially very secure. There was a social network that my name traveled through that I never quite understood but I got 1-2 calls a month for a year and change. The money was pretty good and, TBH, the dates themselves could be genuinely fun. Most of these women were well educated, articulate, and had zero desire for sex so there was no pressure to be the "young stallion." Not gonna lie, I got dragged to a few company parties as arm candy where my job was to smile and look handsome but not talk. Those were less fun. *"How can I get involved?"* I genuinely don't know. I was outside the more or less official ecosystem of sex workers because I didn't advertise or work with an agency. I got started when someone I was doing unrelated work for mentioned that a friend of hers was very lonely and tired of the bullshit with dating, she joked that her friend was willing to hire an escort for a date at this point. Being young and broke my response was "lol but no really how much?" And it went from there. Being a good escort as a dude is tricky in that, while it helps to be classically handsome and good looking, it matters more that you have a well developed emotional intelligence. Remember, no strings attached dicks are abundant. You need to have something more to offer than a willingness and ability to fuck. You also need to be cultured to some degree. I fucking *hate* opera and modern art but I can at least be conversant in them because that's what some of the people who engaged me were interested in. There were definitely a few times when I went to the library before a date and crammed on a topic that I'd worked out from someone that they were interested in. You need to know how to look stupid. I don't mean "I can't dress myself" stupid, I mean "I don't know anything about this subject, tell me more" and it needs to be convincing. You have to be able to put aside your ego for the night, it's not about you. Even if you're doing something you can't stand, you have to be able to be there, be present, and be engaging. It's not enough that you can fake listening to someone, they will know and they'll be unhappy. You need to actually hear what they're saying and respond in an empathetic way.
I'm super confused as to what I'm supposed to get from that video other than just reaffirming my desire to not watch people retch their guts out.
I'm a 6' 1'' dude and the people I saw were mainly older women. Really didn't have any safety concerns.
You laugh but those bracelets make great restraints. Source: I did not always make the best life choices or wisest choice in partners.
From the PMs I'm getting it seems a lot of people didn't either.
Nope. I mean I would have if asked but I generally wasn't asked.
Still, even just 10S is a lot to handle for a lot of NPCs. Even if the guard had only taken 10S, his 3 soak would have brought it down to 7s and that's enough to drop most base level mooks. If you want to get *stupid,* you go narcoject and FA. Load up a machine pistol that can FA with cap rounds and narco then do a Suppressive Fire on a target rich environment. They have to match/beat your net hits on an Edge + Agility test to not get hit. Most NPCs aren't going to make that. If they get hit, they take base damage - which is a full shot of narcoject. How to drop a room in one turn.
You'll have to be more specific. I cancelled Netflix when they kept jacking up their rates and offering less content.
Hit The Floor. Yes, but then you're vulnerable to all sorts of other fun things.
Why does that specifically make you a coward?
Mage Hand to apply a tranq patch. Makes no sound so as long as they don't visibly see it, you can take the time to target something like the neck or an arm where there's no armor or clothing.
As pointed out by several others in the thread, there's several different types of CS (teargas) canisters. One type works by essentially a chemical reaction that produces heat which generates smoke and the smoke carries the irritant. Dousing this type of projectile can arrest the process by which it generates smoke *however* it shouldn't be considered safe. There is still flammable material inside it and there is still irritant that can and will be discharged. Best thing to do is ka-dunk it in a container of water (the bigger the better) and make sure it stays beneath the surface of the water. Ideally, you want to just leave it there. A CO2 fire extinguisher can also work but this is kind of impractical for more than one or two uses. There's also the time honored method of just yeeting them back from whence they came. Kicking these into storm and sewer drains is unwise as it can potentially ignite gasses that are trapped in these systems. It's not common but it can happen. Plus it's unlikely to extinguish it so you've just created an area where there's a source of irritant that can't be put out. The other type is a pressurized cartridge that sprays out a fine dust of irritant. This type can also be countered with a dunk in water but this will minimize more than stop the effects. It's still going to be a problem for whoever is close. Covering it with a container like a bucket or a box will help contain the irritant until the irritant is expended. This type of projectile can be kicked into a sewer but it should only be done if you're sure it's not giving off heat. **FIRST AID** Avoid using any type of oil, paste, gel, or other remedy that purports to create a barrier between your skin and the chemical. Petroleum jelly, toothpaste, coconut oil, etc will trap particles of irritant and spread it around later. Sunscreens, and some types of lotions and makeup can also trap the irritant and should be avoided if you suspect you may be exposed to it. Do not use lemon/lime juice or vinegar, either topically or applied to rags/face coverings. These do not counter the effects of any irritants and may in fact do more harm to you. Unless you have access to lots of it and the opportunity to do a continuous flush, do not use water. You need to be able to continually run *clean* water over an exposed area for a prolonged period of time, preferably 10-20 minutes. This is generally not possible in the field. Water soaked face coverings are also not advisable as many irritants will react with water and cause further problems. Remember that irritants will remain on you even if you stop feeling their effects. They may be "re-activated" by water, sweat, or physical contact. It will absolutely stick to clothing. When you get home, immediately remove any clothing you wore even if you think you may have been exposed. Wash it with cold water ASAP separate from your other clothing and then again with hot. The best counter for the most varieties of tear gas is a 50/50 liquid antacid and water blend. If you do this, be certain you get the unflavored variety. You absolutely do not want to pour mint in your eyes, trust me on this one. Exposure with eyes should be prioritized as the potential exists for permanent damage. As tempting as it may be, do not pour it into your nose. You run the risk of washing it into your lungs. Gargling with it can remove some of the burn from your throat. Milk can also work but it should be whole milk or any kind of milk with as high a fat content as possible. This should be kept in mind but only used in emergencies as milk can spoil or harbor pathogens if it's been carried around for long periods of time. If you want to spend the money, a gas mask with a specialized filter will protect your respiratory system. Be sure you know how your particular model works and test it out before you use it to ensure a good seal and that you can get into it quickly under pressure. 3M makes canister filters specifically for riot control agents, 3M CP3N. Beyond that, there are CBRN (Chemical Biological Radialogical Nuclear) filters that will work well. Dust masks will provide very limited protection for a very limited amount of time, minutes at best. Most riot control agents are micro crystals and as such they can saturate filters and masks quickly. A conventional dust mask will do very little. Moving up from that, standard respirators (what you might wear to paint with) will provide some relief. You need a P100 filter or better. These will give you some protection but not as much as a full gas mask will. Goggles that seal will protect your eyes but be sure to discard them if any of the riot control agent gets in. If you're caught without any breathing protection, several bunched up layers of cloth over your nose and mouth will buy you some protection. Try to get cloth that hasn't been contaminated with the irritant such as the inside of a sweatshirt or jacket. If you are helping someone that is suffering the effects of a riot control agent, do your best to keep them calm. Panicking may lead them to do something to exacerbate the problem such as touch their eyes. Lead them away from the area of contamination quickly but safely. Do your best to get them standing, most riot control agents are heavier than air and will concentrate on or near the ground. Stay safe.
It may be a software error. As of several years ago, there were various pieces of software that merchants could use to automatically adjust prices on their Amazon store based on several factors. If this software isn't configured right, it can sometimes jack the price *way* high in response to some situation they didn't foresee when they set up the software. I don't know if Amazon still allows the use of this software.
The negative impacts of eating soy are tenuous at best unless you routinely eat pounds of it a day. It just tends to be a filler that most food companies use because it's cheap. The problem is those of us who have allergies to it now have to be extremely careful about what we eat.
That's not the point. I'm not addressing the overall cost of medicine, I'm looking at it specifically within the context of charity/discount programs run by drug companies. Medication given or sold at a discount rate to low income people does not represent a significant loss to the company. It's not like the medicine is a finite product that once X number of pills have been produced, that's all that can be made. Furthermore, the individuals who are receiving the medicine are people who ordinarily wouldn't be able to afford and thus wouldn't have bought the medicine. Giving someone a product they otherwise wouldn't have bought is not a lost sale and if that product physically costs you very little to produce, the actual monetary loss you have incurred is minimal.
Why do you want to open carry?
I'm way less sorry about this than decorum dictates: fuck your parents. If it's something they genuinely don't get and don't agree with, fine, whatever. But that letter is *bullshit.* I'm going to go with the more charitable interpretation of the $1,000 comment as you borrowed money from them for something or they covered the cost of something. I have no clue what the circumstances are around it but demanding repayment of a not insubstantial amount of money in a pretty fucking rapid timeframe just because "we don't like how you live" is fucked in any world. "PLEASE show us some consideration so we don't have to explain things to our friends!" "We love the girls" but they're plenty happy punishing the children by not showing up, something that I would assume your daughters look forward to. That said, if this letter is any indication, your children are better off not being exposed to this. The level of selfishness in this is staggering. Even if they wanted to say "Hey, we aren't comfortable with this, we don't want to be around it" there are ways to present that without making it 90% about how you feel *embarrassed.* JFC OP I'm sorry. I'm glad others are being supportive.
I feel like the writers at The Onion have to have developed a massive drinking problem by now. What if Cassandra is still alive and she's just an editor at The Onion now?
Unfortunately there are no simple ways to deal with this. "Being an asshole" isn't illegal. &gt;I’m in a nice sized 1-bedroom, rent controlled apartment in Silver Lake. We’ve been here 5 years and have no reason to move, but we’ve seen her do this to other tenants to force them out and find new tenants/raise the rent on the unit. And this is the problem with how LA does rent control. Rent control is meaningless if you can basically harass people into leaving and then set the price to whatever you want. You can talk to her and just straight out ask her what her deal is. I'd bet dollars to doughnuts she's trying to run you out but if you can pre-empt any excuse she has all she can do is just be a pain in the neck. Document anything she does. Though I wouldn't record your interactions with her unless they are overtly criminal and harassing. California is a two-party consent state and as such anyone on a recording has to consent to be recorded. I very much doubt she'll consent to being recorded. If you really want to take it to the next level, there's filing a restraining order. It's a pretty serious response but it's definitely an avenue you can pursue.
Under the eyes of the law, she isn't. Look, I'm not on the landlord's side. In my own personal opinion, landlords are parasites that should have their "property" stripped from them and owned by the people living in them. I do also have more familiarity with the law in this specific area for Los Angeles than I am comfortable with and, unfortunately for the OP, there's nothing about what the landlord is doing that most courts would take serious issue with. The name calling for her husband is garbage behavior but if she tells any authority that calls her on it that she genuinely believed that was his name, they're more than likely going to side with her. If the same-day entry was a part of their lease, there's no rule against being a stickler about a lease. I agree that it's shitty behavior and more than likely designed to drive OP and her husband out so the landlord can re-list it at a higher price. That said, most everything the landlord is doing isn't considered out of bounds by the law.
I don't dispute that nor do I think that should be changed. That said, it has to be understood that open carrying in public can often elicit some strong, negative reactions from other people. Is that justified? No. But we have to contend with the reality we currently live in. A few months ago there was a local incident here where I live where someone was open carrying and a person walked up behind them and grabbed their gun out of the holster and started waving it around while yelling "See how easy that was!? A mass shooter could do the same thing!" Panicky people do stupid shit. There's no reason to feed into that "for the lulz." If OP is asking about open carrying because they carry when they're at work or working around their property and then need to stop by somewhere, that's one thing. It's pretty common in the more rural parts out here. If they're asking about open carry because they want to walk around Target for 45 minutes with an AR slung over their shoulder, I'm going to say there's less room to get heated about people being uncomfortable.
&gt;Not that i necessarily disagree with you, because i understand your reasoning, but I'm on the "shall not be infringed" side of the whole issue. Again, I don't disagree. The only restrictions I believe should be in place is the laws of physics. But I do recognize that we live in a world where there are a lot of people who are all kinds of uncomfortable with firearms and doing things to deliberately antagonize them helps absolutely no one. &gt;I do agree open carrying causes idiots to be bigger idiots, and it's a much larger responsibility than simply concealing. But i think open carry is great because it normalizes the sight of firearms, which we really need imo. And while i wouldn't personally open carry an AR15, i do support others doing so for the same reason, normalizing the sight of them. The problem is *where* you're normalizing the sight of them. I like guns but I don't want to live in a world where everyone is constantly armed all the time. I recognize that the world we live in now can at time be a dangerous place that requires the use of force. But I would guess that's not the world most of us want to raise our kids in. More importantly, seeing firearms in certain settings helps normalize things if there's some kind of preparation. If you're just strolling down the aisle at Target and someone turns the corner with a gun on their hip, a lot of people are going to get nervous. That's not a positive reaction. It's not like a homophobe seeing two guys holding hands. This person is feeling actively threatened and they're going to remember that as a negative experience because there's a fear, however temporary and illusory, for their safety. You deal with the fear of things that scare you by interacting with them, facing them, dealing with them. Just briefly seeing them repeatedly isn't necessarily going to help you.
Part of why I generally refuse to shoot at ranges anymore.
Any BLM land near-ish where you are?
&gt; Howdah pistol That's a legit $1,500 gun that's basically a double barrel shotgun.
Bureau of Land Management. Basically federally owned wild land. It's legal to shoot on BLM land provided you follow some basic rules and it's legal to shoot in the boonies in your state. [BLM land maps.](https://www.blm.gov/maps)
It's land owned and managed by the federal government. Technically it's your land; you're a citizen, you pay taxes, it's there for you to use for camping, hiking, hunting, or any other recreational activities which includes target shooting. Again I'd double check with your state law, just punch in "your state + BLM shooting" and then refine based on your county or city. Sometimes there are actual unmanned ranges set up that people can use. Generally shooting spots develop over the years, often against gravel pits or the sides of mountains or valleys. You'll 100% know when you find a frequently used shooting spot. There will be spent casings all over, mostly shotgun, and a bunch of stuff that's been shot up. If you do go, bring a trash bag and pack out everything you generate. It's a bit of a pain to police your brass but with a properly positioned tarp, it shouldn't be too hard.
It's also worth noting that SD cards have a finite lifespan. There's no exact number for how long one lasts as it depends on the read/write cycles. They do wear out and their performance will deteriorate at a certain point as they start to wear out. I would also highly suggest going with a name brand card from an actual company seller. Fake cards are rampant and no-name cards have a tendency to fail pretty readily. Samsung, SanDisk, and Kingston tend to be solid bets.
Gods above know I'm not against being provocative, especially against uptight people. I've spent the majority of my life deliberately ignoring the fears and impulses of the people around me, often to my own detriment. But I see no benefit to deliberately frightening other people. Even placing aside how much or little one cares about how their actions may scare others, it represents a counter-productive approach when dealing with people who are either on the fence or against guns. To their eyes, you just look like a jerk trying to scare people because it's funny. It reinforces stereotypes about gun owners that are hard to break. It poisons the well for others. Like it or not, by being a part of a community you become a representative for that community. We have plenty of nose-pickers here with "liberal hunting permit" who "trigger the libs." These people are a fucking millstone about the necks of anyone working towards the greater acceptance of firearms. Open carrying for no other purpose than "I can" and wanting to feel like a bad ass is putting stones in that bucket and that's a bucket we *all* have to carry.
It varies a bit state by state but usually there's a couple of broad sets of rules: * Have to have water (usually 2-5 gallons) and a shovel with a handle that's over a certain length (fire control) * No shooting in areas designated as no shooting zones. * No shooting anything that isn't meant to be shot (no trash, basically) * No shooting in certain areas during designated fire seasons and no shooting certain types of ammunition during these times either (risk of fire) * No shooting from, over, or within a certain distance of a road (paved or unpaved) * Take with you everything you bring Again, there are specifics for your state and your state/county may have laws that you ran afoul of or else you may not have been truly on BLM land. What did they say when they talked to you?
&gt;Except 24 hour notice is state law, and "quiet enjoyment" usually covers repeatedly requesting entry when it's not actually needed. "Actually needed" is usually not defined by the tenant. If the landlord says they need in somewhere, unless it's a flagrant violation of privacy and if it's done per the rules set out in the lease, courts will usually side with the landlord. &gt;That might work for the very first instance. Not for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th... Being stupid isn't illegal.
Seriously. I got a nice little love note from my city complaining that my grass was over 12 inches long and that I had 10 days to cut it or they'd do it for me and charge me $200 for the privilege.
Of course it's ridiculous. She's 19. That's the age for doing ridiculous relationship things. I almost got married at 19. Thank the gods I didn't but when you're young is when you're supposed to make these kinds of mistakes, if they are indeed mistakes. Relationships and the mistakes made therein open up a lot of doors to learning about yourself.
It's a fair point, though I think it reaches a bit far. I didn't know SkillShare doesn't curate their classes, or at least doesn't curate them very well and I think it's a valid thing to point out that most of what SkillShare does is very light, cursory introductions into very deep topics. That said, does SkillShare purport to be anything else? AFAIK, SkillShare sells itself more as "friends teaching you stuff" or like college extension/adult enrichment classes that your local community college puts on. Putting that up against something like Udemy (which, to be fair, has its own content issues) where they're trying to be more of a traditional online *school* seems like a bit of a mismatch.
Geographically, Armenia itself is typically considered part of Asia. Popularly, most people tend to put it in the "Middle East" box though. Because of the Armenian Genocide there's a fairly substantial Armenian diaspora population. Culturally Armenia has a pretty wide range of different influences from different time periods. As to how any of this would be received by many members of the Armenian community, my guess would be "poorly." Most of the Armenians I've ever dealt with have been pretty set on the uniqueness of Armenian cultural and historical heritage. Given that the Armenian diaspora is that because of quite literal genocide, I can't say I fault that impulse.
&gt;I don't own a car and I'm tired of having to subsidize free space for cars all over this city. Why should I? Because it enables people who you depend on for your daily life to get where they need to go.
Ehhh yes and no. For background, I was homeless in Los Angeles and now live in the PNW. The homeless "by choice" really gives a false impression of the situation. There are roughly two types of people who fall into this "by choice" bucket; the people who can't live any other way and the people that have given up. The people who can't live any other way are people who generally come from "good" lives but they've been on the street a while. Generally for years. They've adapted their way of thinking and surviving to function best in that environment. They've got the hustle down and they are, in their own way, prospering. They've dumped a lot of the skills and mindset necessary to live in modern society the way people with things like credit scores and bank accounts generally have because those things didn't help them. It's hard to describe how thoroughly living in a survival situation can re-shape your entire way of thinking about the world but once you go there, it's *really* hard to go back. It's human nature to adapt to your surroundings and if you radically change them, even to something that's objectively better, people are going to have a hard time with it, On top of that, there are certain number of them with some degree of mental illness that, while not crippling, doesn't allow that "normal" life and, because they've got a handle on how to survive, the streets are less stressful. The second group is characterized more by despondence than anything else. They're people who are generally struggling with addiction, anxiety, or depression and feel like they'll never get out of their situation. A lot of them are people who've lost basically everything and they have nothing to tie them to the world that isn't the streets. You just...kinda give up and you just accept that this is your life now and you're probably going to die so whatever. Neither of these are "choosing" to be homeless in the sense that if you just gave them some incentive they'd pop right back to a 9-5. Yes, there are people who find more freedom on the streets than elsewhere but they tend to be short-term homeless. They'll stay on the streets as long as they can mooch but they disappear when the weather turns nasty or their gravy train gets cut off. They also tend to be a lot younger and there's a higher-than-average incidence of tattered copies of "On The Road" in that crowd.
Am I alone in thinking the way we handle the dead in Western society is *creepy. as. fuck?* "Yeah we want to shove a plug up grandpa's butt and glue his eyelids closed so he looks more realistic then stuff him in an overpriced box so we can stare at him for a couple hours then dump the whole mess in a hole in the ground."
Definitely wouldn't want to use it on irreplaceable texts.
It's worth remembering that journalism is in something of a crisis mode right now. Traditional avenues of journalism are cratering because their two main sources of the revenue needed to keep people employed (advertisements and subscriptions) are dropping rapidly. We're still in a capitalist hellscape and thus things still cost money. When your revenue goes down you have to either find a way to generate new revenue or cut your costs. Or both. It's meant less staff and more of a focus on sensationalist pieces that grab attention because legitimate journalists are now having to fight for eyeballs with people who write listicles about cats and milkshakes. You have to pay someone with actual training to be a journalist to write about the news whereas any half-starved college student can pump out low-effort clickbait for free access to the snack machine and a few packages of Top Ramen every week. Clickbait is easier and cheaper to produce and it gets attention. It's sad but this is what happens in a world where profit drives *everything.* Also, it should be noted that newspapers have been [far worse](https://media.pri.org/s3fs-public/styles/story_main/public/story/images/MaineNYJ.jpg?itok=XAIcdX5V) in the past. Once you get back to the 1800's the word "newspaper" basically means any asshole with access to a printing press and an opinion with no pretense at objectivity or neutrality. So basically reddit on paper where only rich people could post but the rest of us plebs could read.
"Agreed. So what do we do about it?" "Well *I'm* gonna share this *sick burn* on Twitter and FB. That'll show 'em!"
It's the lower plus 95% of the BCG, which has to be specialized for that firearm.
I picked one up a while back and it's been giving me nothing but problems. The trigger pull is enough to break a finger (20+lbs, no joke) and I *hate* the cross-bolt safety.
Fire ratings mean diddly under ~$1,500-$2,000 price point. Even then you're still pushing it. Fire rating should be a low priority for a safe. Statistically speaking, your firearms are more likely to be stolen than destroyed in a fire. Plus even if they don't burn smoke damage will still ruin them. Spending more money on "fire resistance" (which, 9 times out of 10, is a few sheets of gypsum board) and sacrificing physical security to get it isn't helping.
[Start with this guy.](https://gunsafereviewsguy.com/buyers-guide/best-gun-safe/) For $800 you aren't going to get something amazing. Some of the takeaways I garnered from a solid six months of searching for a replacement for my StackOn cabinet a few months back. * For a true safe that's going to resist efforts to pry, cut, or bash it open you are going to be spending a lot of money. A truly excellent safe will probably run you $8,000-$10,000 when it's all said and done. Lower end safes aren't useless but don't expect a $2,000 safe to do what an $8,000 safe will do. * Fire rating is mostly bullshit. Unless you're spending *hella* dollars, fire rating is gypsum board and it usually doesn't protect against smoke damage. Smoke can be as bad as fire in terms of damage and statistically you're more likely to have a break-in than a catastrophic fire. It's better to get a safe that is sturdier but has no fire resistance versus a weaker safe with a fire safety rating.* * Almost all safes have being bolted down featured into their security philosophy. They are designed with the idea that you won't be able to get them on their backs or easily access the sides or rear. If you don't secure something to them, a handheld power tool from Harbor Freight can chop through in a couple of minutes. * Number/design of locking bolts are 80% bullshit. A lot of less expensive safes have locking bolts that are simply bolted onto the door so what you see is a thick steel bar the size of your wrist but it's physically held onto the door by a bolt half the size of your pinky rather than a thick piece of steel. * Read descriptions very carefully and don't buy a safe you can't put hands on. A lot of safes have thinner sheet metal doors bent to look like thick, solid steel doors when in reality they can easily be cut or even just bashed through. The door shouldn't wiggle or flex if you try to shake it when it's open. * Do as much reading on your desired model as possible. Look for YT videos of stress tests and attacks. Best is if you can find video of someone destructively getting into one. However, don't be drawn in by "durability tests" that show the doors being pried off with a backhoe or blasted open with dynamite. They're sexy presentations but remember that your average burglar isn't going to have a backhoe. * Keypads and electronics aren't the devil but they can go either way. The best thing to do is research that type of keypad and see if there are any relatively easy workarounds for it. You also want to have *in writing* some sort of guarantee from the manufacturer to pay for any and all costs associated with having to have a keypad replaced or a safe opened after the keypad fails. If they won't guarantee it, walk away. \* = I've considered getting an industrial fire blanket and using that to cover a safe that didn't have a fire rating. I've never tested to see if this would work or even be practical but it's an option.
I go two ways on this. On the one hand, yeah I think having armed students is a deterrent for a variety of different crimes and you should be allowed to protect yourself. On the other, college is characterized as a time where you have lots of people with poor judgement, rampant use of alcohol and drugs, prevalence of strong negative emotional states (depression, anger, etc), and lack of resources to properly store and care for firearms. That's not a good environment to introduce firearms into.
&gt;An example would be that many humans don’t think it is right to lock up another human but it is perfectly ok to lock up pigs or dogs in smaller proportioned cages. They are both really intelligent beings as are we. Are they, though? I don't see the basis for putting humans in the same "box" (for lack of a better term) as people. &gt;I used to think humans were better just because we evolved differently but we all deserve to be alive and free to persue happiness. Calves deserve to grown up with their mothers, foxes deserve to be able to roam around without having to worry about human traps, rhinos deserve to be able to live from fear from being shot for a small piece of bone, etc etc etc. I don't disagree that animals deserve to live their lives without being mistreated and abused. I'm just not sure I'd consider "raised for food" mistreatment and abuse. Obviously our current system of factory farming is unacceptable but that doesn't mean the entire concept of raising animals for our use hits that mark.
This is why I say that both Democrats and Republicans benefit from gun control rules being what they are now.
Ehh not quite. Just to head this off at the pass, no I am not a "Q-er" or whatever the nomenclature of these wangrods is this week. Q is hard to debunk for the same reason all conspiracy theories are hard to debunk; their purpose is emotional, not rational. The people who support and believe in these theories always have an "out" to explain anything that contradicts their chosen theory because conspiracy theories are comfort for people who are too old for imaginary friends and who don't have the attention span for religion. They explain something very complicated in a very simple way and they give the believer a sense that they personally have this inside understanding of something secret. It gives them a measure of perceived control over their world. Most people feel better if they know what's going on, even if they have no ability to affect it in any way. Yeah, Q is easy to debunk in a factual way because the people that believe it and advance it aren't living in a factual world. You can't factually debunk something that isn't rooted in reality.
A relative of mine made the flip to anti-vax over the course of about a year. I got to observe the process and it was...interesting. She was in her early 30's at the time. This, to me, seems to be a critical component. Anti-vaxxers overwhelmingly trend older, usually 30+. This is important because of where this type of person tends to fall in the spectrum of access to and ability to utilize information. Someone older is more likely to cleave to traditional wisdom about medicine and is likely to have more relevant experience with epidemic diseases or diseases eradicated/controlled by vaccines. Someone younger is more likely to have had access to information via the internet and developed a greater ability to sift through and crosscheck information. Prior to this, my relative was a pretty head-on-straight person. She had a bachelors in computer science and worked for a large company managing payroll systems. She was educated and intelligent, definitely not someone I would have assumed might be vulnerable to the kind of misinformation that characterizes the anti-vax movement. The process started a few months before she got pregnant with her first kid. A lot of reading, a lot of searching, a lot of absorbing information. This is another factor; receptivity. She was in a state of seeking information about a subject she knew very little about. People who are in this phase of learning don't yet know how to sniff out someone who is presenting bad information. They don't have enough of a grounding in the subject to even know what questions to ask. It was also about a topic that was extremely personal and one which she valued. Everyone wants to be a good parent so if they're searching out information on how to be a good parent, they're going to be more invested in the answers they find. Anything that feels like a solid answer is going to stick more firmly than something that sounds indeterminate. The fact that this shift happened over the course of a year or so was the result of a slow, gradual introduction of anti-vax materials. I 100% think if someone had sat down with her after the first few months and slammed down a plate full of unadulterated anti-vax info that she would have balked and walked away. But it was introduced in bits and pieces; someone was giving good advice about breast feeding or bottles or whatever and just slipped in a little bit about vaccines *maybe* being not as good as everyone thinks or about how their baby got sick after one vaccine. These bite sized pieces of information are easier to assimilate because they don't require a radical re-ordering of your worldview all at once, something most people's brains will strenuously avoid because it's extremely stressful. But you can slowly shift your own Overton window if you slowly build up an idea with small pieces of information from sources you otherwise trust. At a certain point, she'd hit enough afterthought mentions about the negative effects of vaccines that she started to wonder if there wasn't a connection. Then she hit on someone talking about "smart vaccination." It's not anti-vaccination, oh no, this person is just talking about spacing out vaccinations more to mitigate some of the more harmful potential effects. As a side note this is why it's *super* important to call people out who are giving that off-hand mention that comes off anti-vax and have them clarify their position. These little side comments and anecdotes add up to a person whose opinion is being shaped. If you can get someone to overtly state "Yes, vaccines are bad" then you help push undecided people away because most of them are not (yet) truly anti-vax. They're just concerned parents doing their research (in their eyes.) So we've moved on down the line starting from "vaccines are good" to "vaccines are *usually* good* and then to "vaccines have some issues" to "vaccines have serious problems" and finally to "vaccines are bad." This whole process led to anti-vax groups and forums. That is, in my opinion, where the point of no return got crossed. Active communities centered around things like anti-vaccination bullshit or white nationalism or whatever toxic nonsense is being bandied around are legitimately dangerous because they're the brick on the accelerator towards full &lt;inset shitty idea here.&gt; These communities provide several benefits. First, they're generally welcoming and very friendly towards new people who are curious and leaning in their direction. This is a [very well established](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_bombing) approach for getting people into cults, though I would argue it's usually much less conscious in these groups. Potential neophytes are met with a large group of like-minded people, most of which have much more experience carving out their own logic tunnels to justify their chosen belief and batting away the half-baked concerns of newer people. Whatever intellectual resistance a newbie can muster at this point can usually be blown away by the group and you have the added pressure of a group of people who can coordinate efforts to repulse attempts to logically dispel their assertions. It's one against a large group and it's a large group promising friendship, support, community, and acceptance. That's a powerful draw for someone facing what seems to be an impossibly large body of information. The group supercharges the process by supplying the newbie with handpicked sources that look super legitimate and as much cherry-picked information as a person could ask for to support whatever they're selling. At this point a lot of people are going to fold and join in. That was what did my relative in finally, the anti-vax FB groups. I joined a few and just peeped in on the conversations that were happening and it was the same process as any issue-based community; one particular interpretation of how "it" worked predominated and if you didn't subscribe to that belief or at least didn't know enough not to keep your mouth shut then you were either just shouted down until you stopped talking or kicked out. This presents a stark choice to a newcomer; get in line with the orthodoxy, sit back and shut up until you find it in your heart to get in line with the orthodoxy, or get out. Peer pressure is a hell of a motivator, especially for people who feel isolated, desperate, and lost. We're social creatures and we're built to want to be part of groups, especially groups where we feel supported, understood, and accepted. Thankfully, my relative wised up before anything major happened but it took a few years and even she admits that what primarily pushed her in that direction was fear.
IDK it always seemed like something a Menonite would come up with after accidentally eating a weed cookie. "Ok...we could do...it would be like one of those stores...y'know...11-7. But instead of booze and candy....we'd sell milk and food..."
I'm not particularly fussy about how chipper someone ringing me up at the cash register is. They're probably being paid as little as they can legally be paid to deal with the blithering idiots that walk through the door every day. If they smile, cool. If not, I can't blame them.
What's the latest version?
What are your temperatures set at? It looks like it's literally pouring out of your nozzle and pooling on the build plate.
It implies that someone asking for an eye from someone who'd caused them to lose their eye would then cause the person who lost an eye to demand an eye because one of theirs had been taken and so on. It's meant to show the problem with retributive justice. It's nonsensical.
You don't know what a sanctuary city actually means, do you?
At what point do the two concepts converge then? According to your expert opinion.
I will say that most criminals are not going to be going around hacking wifi. It's not particularly hard to do but wifi hacking is beyond the overwhelming majority of criminal's skillset and even if it's not, they're probably not going to do it for something that holds, at best, four or five rifles. It just introduces more complication into a system that doesn't need it. More points of failure.
I also had one of those Stack-On gun cabinets and when the lock failed I was able to pry the door open with my hand. I knew I wasn't buying much more than a metal box with that cabinet and that sometimes that's all you need but damn.
I very much doubt this is the case. Nobody doing something stupid/shitty *thinks* they're doing something stupid/shitty. What's more likely is they'll lean back in their chairs and think "Yeah that's terrible, thank god *I* don't do stuff like that!" Even if that was the intent of the show, that's...pretty sad. Last Week Tonight is a platform and a platform can be leveraged to do a lot of things. So they spend their time targeting the handful of wealthy instagram yuppies that want to climb Mt. Everest? And even then, why target *that* segment? There's a ton of other issues that relate directly to the tourism industry around Mt. Everest and the scaling thereof such as [a lack of protection for climbers on the Tibetan side](https://www.explorersweb.com/everest_k2/news.php?id=15994), [sherpa's efforts to lobby for greater protection and safety for their work,](https://www.npr.org/2013/08/14/206704533/on-mount-everest-sherpa-guides-bear-the-brunt-of-the-danger) [the fact that many people who die on Everest can't be recovered](https://www.bbc.com/future/story/20151008-the-graveyard-in-the-clouds-everests-200-dead-bodies), [the lack of care given to sherpa's families in the event they die](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/04/-sp-sherpa-families-everest-disaster-guides-avalanche-compensation) and on and on.
YTA. If you wouldn't ask for the same behavior if it was just your sister and her husband, you're either tweaking on the fact that there's three people or that it's two women. Either way, yeah, YTA. You're asking someone to pretend that a person that they love and care for enough to be willing to share their lives is "just a friend" because your kids will be there. What are you afraid of happening? "Mommy, why is auntie kissing that other woman?" "Because some people have relationships with just one other person, other people have relationships with more than one person. Auntie loves &lt;girlfriend&gt; *and* &lt;husband&gt;." Is that really that difficult a conversation to have? That's even assuming they notice or care. I promise you most kids are not going to give that a second thought.
ESH. I can understand not wanting to have packs of children thundering around an event. Kids are kids and I don't think it's wrong to say "Hey, we'd rather not have kids at this event that's costing a lot of money and represents a big deal for those of us involved." Having been to weddings where there were kids screaming during the ceremony, yeah they can put a damper on the day for everyone. That said, there's 200 fucking people going to be there. It's going to be a madhouse, kids or no kids. Your sister is expecting the parents of *20 kids* to find child care for at least one day, maybe two or three depending on travel. That's not easy or cheap to do for most parents. Expecting that parents can just drop their kids for the day and bounce isn't realistic, especially considering there's going to be expenses involved with traveling to the location *plus* gifts and dress clothing. So yeah, ESH.
&gt;I apologize, I didn't realize this would be a point of confusion. I'll clarify. LWT are not addressing the 0.001% of their audience that has gone or is in the process of going to Everest, they're addressing the 99.999% of their audience who have not yet gone but may potentially decide to go in the future. After having seen this segment, and therefore having formed a negative association with the idea of going to Everest, this latter demographic would then be less likely to go or to encourage friends to go. Ok, that does clarify it. Though I think that's still a pretty narrow demographic. A trip to climb Everest isn't exactly a cheap getaway and there are only a few thousand actual summits every year. An entire show dedicated to dissuading people from climbing Everest seems narrow in the extreme. I mean how would you feel about a news article titled "The Dangers Of Gold Flake Pills." It might be interesting but it's also a problem that the majority of people reading that article are not going to have. &gt;You're saying that this issue in particular is not worth addressing? Not worth mitigating? This issue that surrounds an entire country's economy, environment, and society? Why not? I'm not saying it's not worth addressing *at all.* I'm saying a platform like LWT is probably better utilized examining any number of a hundred other issues that are both more pertinent to the majority of the viewing audience and more likely to be something they can actually positively impact. &gt;This is true for literally every issue that LWT has ever addressed Yeah and maybe it wouldn't be as true if they didn't spend half the show dicking around with memes and pointless jokes. &gt;They're not hiding or suppressing anything I never claimed they were. &gt;they just covered as much as they reasonably can I struggle to see the relevance that rickrolling has to climbing Mt. Everest. &gt;using a comedic format that's worked well for them so far throughout the show's lifetime. You and I have differeing definitions of "worked." &gt;What they covered should be more than enough convey what they set out for, to shed light on the idea that people shouldn't be going to Everest for vanity. And, again, I feel like that's like dedicating a TED talk to the problem of Juicero; it's probably factually correct but also just as likely not a problem that many people watching the TED talk suffer from and represents, at best, time that could have been utilized by someone discussing something more pertinent being taken up by intellectual masturbation.
YTA. First off, how do you know what he spends his money on?
That doesn't answer my question. How do you know that's what he does? You said you're there and he asks people for money, that's all that you've shared with us that you've actually seen.
I'm going to ask the question again since you seem to have such a difficult time with this; how do you know what he spends his money on?
I got thrown by their use of "Length" and "Width." I'm used to seeing "Length" to refer to refer to the X axis of an object and "Depth" for the Y axis.
Saying "I was banned from T_D" is like saying "I got thrown out of a Klan rally;" it's the most basic level of acceptable a person can be and really doesn't win you nearly as many brownie points as you think it does.
&gt;"A fat cushion protects you from cut wounds and shields nerves and blood vessels in a fight. wat &gt;If I get wounded but just in the fatty layer, I can fight on. It doesn’t hurt much The fuck it doesn't. That shit hurts just the same as being stabbed as a skinny dude, trust me on that one.
You can be all of those things some of the time but you can't be all of those things all of the time. That's the dividing line between a fling and someone you seriously invite into your life.
I've always wondered why there isn't a bigger push for more international contribution; if you want your team to compete, you need to chip in. Obviously weight it based on the ability of a country to contribute but rather than having one country or city bear some enormous costs, spread that out among competitors. And *hard. fucking. lol.* Los Angeles. I lived there for 30 years. LA does not have the infrastructure or transportation. There was a lot of muted enthusiasm for the 2028 announcement. The Olympics represents an absolute crush on transportation that nobody wants to deal with.
Ehhh I wouldn't necessarily call bullshit. I have similar feelings about people hitting on my partners (I'm poly.) It genuinely doesn't bother me and I have the same "they can handle themselves" approach; if someone is genuinely being a problem that they want me to step in and handle, they know I'm willing to do that but I don't feel the need to "mark my territory." It's someone who was doing something they thought was a good idea but did it without considering the other people in the situation. Which, frankly, is kind of a guy thing. We're not taught to consider the thoughts and feelings of our partners or to ask for their input on a situation. We're taught to just *act.*
I mean given that all I have to go on is a couple paragraphs I kinda have to make assumptions. Am I wrong in assuming you didn't ask before you did that? I appreciate the happy-go-lucky mindset but, my dude, if there was no prior understanding that that was an ok move and you didn't ask them before doing that then you could have created a pretty scary situation for them and you did it without asking.
&gt;Why would I have to ask? I...I am going to lay this out as best I can because I do think you are genuinely trying to be a good person and respect your partner's autonomy. That said, holy. fucking. jesus. Why would you have to ask to invite a group of drunk men who have already shown a shaky grasp on boundaries to come hang out and drink more with you? Take it from her perspective. She may have found the drinks and the attention flattering but ultimately she's probably not into these guys. Now you go and invite them to come hang out. They've already been drinking, they're interested in her, they're pushy. What happens if one decides he wants to be "alpha" and go in for a kiss or a grab? That's a person who is in that space because you invited them there. You might trust her to handle herself but there's a group of dudes now with a couple drinks in them. What are you expecting her to do if one of them gets handsy? What are you expecting *you* to do? Try this. Go talk to your partner about this. Bring up this incident and I want you to ask her two questions and really listen to her answers. First question - "Did it make you uncomfortable when I did that?" Second question - "In the future, do you want me to check with you first before extending an invitation like that?" First off, even if you completely ignore her answers, she's going to be happy you asked. Second, unless there's been some other interaction that you haven't shared with us regarding this incident, you don't know if she was comfortable with you doing that or not. You may be able to say "She seemed happy" but that's you assuming her disposition, not you actually knowing. This kind of stuff is what makes you a genuinely good guy. Not a Nice Guy^^(TM) but a genuinely good person. I don't doubt that you love this girl but if you genuinely care about her as a person, you need to take things like this into account. This is the kind of stuff that makes people trust you and feel safe around you because they know they can count on you not to ignore them if they have a problem. It's not easy, I fuck this up a lot too. I usually realize it after the fact that I've made a decision about something that impacts a partner in a significant way without talking to them or even notifying them about it. Thankfully a lot of the time it's an easy fix but I've definitely pissed partners off by making unilateral decisions without talking with them.
&gt;I think you're assuming a lot about me and a lot about the situation, and painting it in a negative and fearful light when it wasn't like that at all. It wasn't like that at all *to you.* &gt;It was just a group of guys making small talk with women at the bar. That's what it was *to you.* &gt;That doesn't make them bad people at all just because I happen to be dating one of the women. We weren't sharing needles with random people in a back alley of a bad part of town at 4am. Never said you were. I'm saying you invited people who had expressed interest in your partner and ex and had been drinking into their space without talking to them which is not ok. &gt;I would never grill my girlfriend about stuff like this. Having mature, adult conversations about mistakes is not "grilling" and the fact that you present asking literally two questions (both of which go towards you being more aware of your partner's comfort zone for the future) in that way doesn't really give a good impression there, my dude. &gt;We trust each other and the situation was not dangerous or awkward the way you're describing it. Ok, then it shouldn't be a problem to talk to her and reaffirm that trust. Look if you're that simpatico then this shouldn't be a big deal. Checking in is a healthy thing that adults do (or at least should do) all the time. It doesn't mean you don't trust her or her judgement, you're just seeing if your take on the situation lined up with hers. If it did, awesome, you've got a strong relationship. No sarcasm, that's great. If it didn't, you've got a problem. &gt;I would never treat a woman that way. Except there's a solid chance you did and the fact that you're getting defensive about it doesn't help your case.
Ah no not for what's pictured. You get [this.](https://www.brownells.com/rifle-parts/receiver-parts/receivers/lower-receivers/scr-lower-receiver-assembly-w-bolt-carrier-prod86792.aspx) It includes a bolt carrier which is specialized and required for that rifle. I would be happier with it if it worked well.
&gt;I think the path you keep heading down where relationship security needs to be constantly reaffirmed is where we disagree. And that's a bit scary there because relationships are not like concrete, you don't set it and forget it. They take constant work, constant maintenance to get the most out of them. Things like checking in and communicating are part of that process. &gt;If that is needed, she tells me, or it stems from the time we spend together otherwise. Constantly orbiting around someone for reaffirmation and asking if they're okay every minute is a poor habit and I don't agree with that at all. Occasionally checking in is not "constantly orbiting around someone for reaffirmation." Again, that you are describing normal, adult relationship skills in such a negative light really isn't painting a rosy picture here. &gt;so maybe we just fundamentally disagree on what a healthy relationship looks like. You can say that twice.
I can only go off what you're showing me and what you're showing me is someone who gets defensive and dismissive when someone suggests that maybe, just maybe, they're making some poor choices in their relationship *and then* doubles down on previous dubious statements. What am I supposed to take from that?
&gt;I read the situation and acted appropriately. And this is pretty much the problem in a nutshell; you think you know every angle of the situation to the point where you won't even have a thirty second conversation with the other person because you're so firmly convinced that you're in the right. Sorry to have gotten mud on that shiny armor.
&gt;Secondly, if you have income get a planet fitness gym membership of $20 a month, this will allow you to work out, even get a free hot shower daily and give you a place to go during the day for a few hours and get out of the cold or hot weather. If you have your membership set to only work at one particular location, last I checked, it's only $10 a month now. &gt;If you have income, get a small storage unit if you plan on staying in one town. Get a small storage unit to store your clothes in and you can even store canned foods and boxed foods and buckets of water inside the storage unit. also you can be in the storage unit for an hour to two hours per day to get off your feet take a quick nap and charge your phone. This is sage advice but I'd be wary about napping in them. Newer facilities have automated systems that verify log in and log out times for specific gate codes and if your gate code is registered as having logged in but some time (usually a few hours) having passed without it registered as logging out, they may come check the unit or else just clear the system and you're now stuck inside the facility unless you can slip out with someone else's gate opening. I also heard that some of the higher end places were having people come through with FLIR (thermographic) cameras and walking down the rows of units. The cameras see heat and they can (sometimes) detect people in them. Being caught sleeping in a unit is usually grounds for immediate eviction. &gt;If you have a vehicle you are in better situations as you can stealth park the car and sleep in it at parking lots like a 24 hour walmart and at a library and such. Check your local laws before doing this as some municipalities have started instituting laws about sleeping in cars. Sometimes it's a ticket, sometimes it results in getting your car towed and confiscated. &gt;If you can't get a gym membership and you need to shower, you can ask truck drivers if they have a shower card they don't need that has one shower on it you could have to take a shower on or you can just clean up in the restroom sinks. You can also pick up a [silcock key](https://www.amazon.com/Honeywell-J40-005-Four-Plated-Steel/dp/B000DZKYVC/ref=sr_1_3?keywords=silcock+water+key&amp;qid=1561493083&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-3) for a few bucks at a hardware store. This can allow you access to outdoor taps for bathing and refilling water. People tend to get cranky about this though so it should be an emergency use deal. &gt;Also I used to sleep in run down grave yards. Damn, you're braver than me. Not that there were a ton of graveyards in LA but I'd have been waaay too shook to sleep in one. &gt;If you need a permanent address you can get one at the post office box or you can look up rv clubs that give physical addresses so you can get mail and such. they aren't cheap about 150 dollars usd a year but they do give you a way to get a physical address. https://www.escapees.com is one of them if you live in the Texas state. Be aware that with new DHS laws you frequently have to already have a permanent address before you get one. Some places basically just ask for one because it has to be on the paperwork and don't care what it is, some places will ask for verification that you actually live at that address (utility bill, change of address form, mail, etc.) Ask a friend if it's ok to use their address as your "home" address. &gt;There are also food banks but most require a physical address and a bill in your name from that address so most food banks won't be an option and the food they give is food you have to cook over a stove so it would be useless anyways. Some do but there are others that are more permissive. It's worth a shot, sometimes you can get things that they're going to throw away. If you're around/near a Sikh community, I cannot recommend finding one of their food banks. In all the food banks I ever went to, the Sikhs were the kindest and most welcoming people I ever found. They gave you *real food* and nobody gave you any static. I'm very grateful to the Sikh community in Los Angeles, I went to their food bank in the Valley for a couple years. &gt;You could try the day labor force. I had bad luck with them. If you want to try a day labor source you can, you just have to be there early and be clean and sober and be ready to work if they find something for you. I just spent most of my time standing there and looking for work when I could found work by going door to door. If you want to try temp day labor work forces, you can and good luck and hope they do help you. Be *super* careful when you do this. You have virtually no protection and shouldn't expect any help from the police. As OP mentioned, if something seems sketch, skip it. --- I would also like to add that you should steer clear of the police. You are effectively a non-person now and virtually nothing you say is going to be taken seriously by the police regardless of any evidence or witnesses. Don't look to the police for justice, you are not in a position to get any.
It's...ok. If you didn't pay much for it, you could do a lot worse but overall I wasn't super impressed.
Thank fuck. They were a millstone about the neck of any gun owner that wasn't insane. Hopefully this signals the start of a reverse course for the NRA. If they keep it up, I might even be willing to join.
I generally buy garlic because, yes, I can easily grow it at home but it's generally never ready when I need it or else I have so much of it I can't use it all.
I'd dig a job like that. Fuck around, plenty of opportunity to raid supply closets, start fights between managers, sit in AC.
Hijacking a top comment to remind people that, as cool as this is, to bear in mind that Kazakhstan has [quite a few other issues](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Kazakhstan) that include but are not limited to: torture of detainees, shutting down newspapers by the state, prosecuting people for practicing religion outside of state guidelines, and jailing political dissidents and protesters. This is a good thing but when good things are done by people whose reputation is shady, you should always question the motives.
Someone didn't learn from the Erin Esurance saga, did they?
It kills me that this is what it takes to finally get T_D just quarantined. Spreading conspiracy theories about children locked in pizza parlor basements? Whatev. Deliberately promoting false information about public figures on social media? Ok. Repeated online harassment of individuals and organizations deemed "enemies?" That's fine. Virulent racism and anti-Semitism complete with fantasies of race wars and "helicopter rides?" No problem. Get pissed at police? Oh that's over the line!
A Sam Harris lecture and a guy that demands "pretty females." Real panty dropper combo you got goin' on there.
Coke will brand *anything.* I'm mildly shocked there's not Coca-Cola brand condoms out there.
&gt;Ingredients are bought as cheaply as possible and probably produced in a central production kitchen/factory before being shipped out to units. This is a *major* problem and a large part of why I don't eat out basically ever anymore. I have food allergies and almost no place I've ever been to actually has a solid knowledge of what's in their food. Sometimes they know big allergens (dairy, shellfish, etc) but anything else and they either don't know period or can't be sure. That means it's up to you, the consumer, to roll the dice. Even if they do have a list of ingredients, the majority of these lists are not granular enough to be helpful. One of my food allergies is to soy and whenever I see "oil" on a list, I have to ask what kind of oil. 90% of the time it's soybean oil because soybean oil is cheap and even when it says "vegetable oil" what it actually means is "soybean oil." Places that don't prepare their own food don't know what's in their food so when someone comes in and asks about allergens, they can't get a good answer.
I don't need a large build volume. I don't even need stellar visual quality prints. I need solid mechanical prints and relatively little fiddling to get consistent results.
&gt;In today's competitive world, just good quality is not enough. He should have been professional, It's a fucking pizza place. You're buying a pizza, not a car. If you want people to kiss your ass, you pay more money. I genuinely do not understand why people think they're entitled to the royal treatment from any place they go to.
Egg pot. Brown rice mixed with a little butter in a bowl. Over top of that, a thick layer of salsa (I usually do red). Then you cook up a couple of sunny-side up eggs so the yolks are runny. Then you slide the eggs over top of the whole shebang and break open the yolks. It's truly excellent fuel for a long day.
OP has a pretty prodigious posting history re: drugs and the online acquisition thereof through nets of the dark variety.
I've been in mental health for 11 years now. DIY mental health is pretty much as bad an idea as it sounds like it would be. Yeah you can Audie Murphy yourself through some shit but man is it gonna take a toll and I guaran-fuckin'-tee you that toll is a lot higher than most people are willing or able to pay. PTSD is a normal human response to a traumatic event and getting shot during a robbery is, y'know, kinda high on the list of things that qualify as a traumatic event. Counseling has come a long way and it's more than hand holding and sharing circles at this point.
Are you sure they actually smell bad? You mentioned your grandmother was the one that told you. Are you sure grandma's sniffer maybe isn't the issue? Especially if what grandma is smelling is "old people." Bring a friend over and have them sniff a bit.
You can't. So, I have OCD. It's a problem I've contended with for a number of years and a big part of it revolves around scent. Certain sents actively cause stress and contribute to a feeling of a lack of cleanliness which drives OCD compulsions. This is to say I've put a lot of time, energy, and thought into how to get a place smelling good and keep it that way. There are a couple things working against us. First, our own brains. Most people will adjust to basically any sensory stimuli they're exposed to for long periods of time. Even something that can drive one person insane can be eventually tuned out by the brain, this includes scents. If there is a strong but pleasant scent, eventually your brain will smell it less and less until eventually it can't smell it much at all. This sort of sense blindness is why some people drench themselves in cologne or perfume; they literally can't smell themselves and they think it's much weaker than it actually is. Second, living spaces need to be cleaned. And I don't mean just the occasional vacuum and a wipe down, I mean *fucking cleaned* on a regular basis. Every surface, yes *every* surface, wiped down with a cleaning agent of some kind. The air itself needs to be cleaned (more on that in a second), the things you clean with need to be cleaned. This is fucking exhausting. Having literally spent 14 straight hours cleaning my apartment, I am speaking from experience. Even if you keep a more reasonable cleaning regimen you'll be putting a lot of work in. So there's no way to keep a place smelling "great" 24/7. The best you can hope for is to have it smell "neutral" or "ok" most of the time and great only at a few times. All that said, there are things you can absolutely do that will help. * Clean out and/or replace your vacuum's air filter. Most vacuums have one. If you can, take the vacuum outside and use an air compressor or shop vac and go over it and blow out as much dust and dirt as you can. It may be tempting to put something in the air filter. Don't. Constricting the airflow may cause problems with the motor. * Set up a cheap square box fan with a 20'x20' furnace filter. Get the best rated furnace filter you can find and a bungee cord that will wrap around the fan. Put the filter up against the back of the fan such that the fan draws air through the filter. Use the bungee cord to keep the filter in place. You now have a better air filter for about $50 than you can buy for $300 and it will go a long way towards keeping the air clean and removing bad odors.* * When you vacuum, do so at least twice. * Wash blankets and sheets regularly, at least once per week. Don't use decorative pillows or other cloth decor if it can't be washed. Pillows and other similar things hold onto smells. * Scented fabric softener will help but don't use it on everything. Only use it on certain things or at certain times. Same rule with any sort of air freshener or scented candle; rotate scents often and don't use them all the time. This helps prevent you getting used to smells. * Crack windows on breezy days and try to get a cross-breeze through the house. * At least once a month, wipe down all walls and floors with a dilute cleaning agent. * Cinnamon brooms/cone bags are good for providing *a lot* of scent but they get overwhelming quickly, especially to people who aren't as big on these scents as you might be. Indoor trees around Christmas time are *great* sources of fresh scent. * When you clean, run bleach through your drains. * Clean your stovetop often and thoroughly. \* = If you're cooking something like burgers, pork, or anything else that aerosolizes any kind of fat, turn the fan off for a while. The food particles in the air will get drawn into the filter and go rancid. The smell is unpleasant.
I'm glad you've gotten support from people around you and if you're ever out Oregon way, you're more than welcome to come out and shoot with any of us. It's already been mentioned so I won't re-tread that ground but I do want to add a +1 for BLM land shooting. I *hate* going to ranges. There's always a ton of stress, a lot of old chudds sneering at your gear, range masters barking at you to stop bump firing that Mosin, bad air, and at least one around here is owned by a pretty notorious group of 3%'ers who tend to "ironically" wear swastikas and SS bolts. Shooting out in the woods takes more time and it's a little less comfy but gods above is it worlds better than a range. It's peaceful, no stress, you can take your time, there's no one there to give you nonsense. Plus you can stop, take a break, and just enjoy the woods. If you go that route, I'd look into a belt. Even just a couple of dump pouches for your regular pants belt will go a long way. You generally don't have places to just put things down when you're out in the woods and while you can bring a table, it's kind of a pain in the ass and the dump pouches give you a place to store extra mags, ammo, a handgun, etc while you're shooting so you're not constantly having to run back to wherever you're set up from the firing line.
&gt;If a cookie cutter is left for a few days it will dry out and all the bacteria will die. I can't say if this specifically is true or false in the context of a printed cookie cutter but I do want to point out that it's not *just* the bacteria that can make you sick. While the bacteria themselves are more likely to make you sick even if the bacteria are all dead there are still byproducts leftover from the lifecycle of the bacteria that can be hazardous to human health. Dead bacteria doesn't necessarily mean something is 100% safe.
The issue is if it happens it's very unlikely to be linked back to the print and even less likely to be reported on very widely and even less still to become widely circulated from an authoritative source. I tend to be in the camp of "PLA in general is fine but probably not wise to use on a regular basis for food or drink because it's difficult to thoroughly clean" but it does make sense that there's not much information about potential problems stemming from using it in things that contact food. As big as the hobby is, 3D printing is still pretty niche.
I've been looking at making a bigger one of these (I have *a lot* of batteries) but I can't figure out how to get the network of holes lined up. I'm also super curious if there are any organizers out there for button batteries.
Not defending the practice but it's pretty disingenuous to say they're the exact same. FGM tends to be done on young women and girls, they distinctly remember the experience. Furthermore it also tends to be done as a way of curtailing the perceived sexual enjoyment women get from sex by not having it done and thus are more likely to be faithful as well as various social norms about how a vagina is supposed to look ideally - it's usually done in response to men's desire. It's generally not done in a sterile or careful way by someone with medical experience and the tools to do it are often improvised or home made. There is sometimes a topical anaesthetic but often it's a couple shots of stiff booze for the girl and that's about it. Women undergoing the procedure often have no choice in it and will be physically restrained and forced to undergo it if they refuse, especially in places where it has traditionally been practiced. MGM, conversely, is generally performed before the boy is old enough to start forming memories about experiences in a specific way. AFAIK, there are no verified instances of a man who was circumcised as a baby actively having an accurate memory of it happening. In more contemporary contexts, it's a procedure that can be done in a hospital setting with trained medical personnel at hand in case of a problem and with purpose-built equipment designed to minimize risk and pain. There are more divergent incarnations of the practice such as the *brit milah* (bris) in certain Judaic sects and, yes, pain is intended to be part of the process, but again you have purpose built and maintained tools to do it with and someone with a degree of professional training working with an infant who cannot yet form memories of the things they experience. The reasons for it are pretty varied depending where you're talking about but it's generally not supposed to be something that actively hobbles the man. Neither is good and the logic behind both procedures is various flavors of insane but it's important to keep some perspective here. It should also be noted that basically every single professional medical organization in the world pretty explicitly states that, without a direct medical reason, circumcision is generally not advised with several notable bodies explicitly calling for it to be removed from the scope of practice of modern physicians.
I say again - what the actual, and I do mean *actual*, fuck?
I've been mostly using TinkerCAD. I haven't had time to sit down and learn Fusion360. Plus Fusion360 doesn't work on Linux and that's what I use.
&gt;So you would be more okay with FGM if it were done right after birth? Yikes. Yikes indeed. Good thing that's not even remotely what I said. &gt;And you think all the women saying "LMAO anteater dick" have nothing to do with the circumcision push? Yeah all those women hassling newborn boys...
I mean there's only a certain number of possibilities. * Rounds are falling out when the rifle is being moved around (Unlikely) * Rounds are getting pushed/falling into the rifle itself (Extremely unlikely) * You didn't load as many as you thought you did (Most probable)
I mean the only other option is a cosmic gateway that decided to open up only in your SKS' magazine so I'm going to go with you miscounted. If there's no rounds on the ground and the magazine is empty, there's not really that many other possibilities. It's not like there's a secret chamber in a SKS that bullets just randomly fall into and disappear. EDIT: Though, on further thought, there is *one* possibility that is non-zero and not insane. Did the amount of spent brass you had on the ground equal the number of rounds you put in? If you have the same number of spent casings as you did rounds going into the rifle, then you most likely have a trigger issue that's causing the rifle to fire two or more rounds in such rapid succession that you don't realize it. This can happen when people dick with their triggers. I have read cases where someone did work on their trigger and basically accidentally made it so that the recoil would set the trigger off a second time but it happened so quickly the shooter didn't realize it. That said, that was a suuuuuper custom race gun for competition shooting, not an AK. If you have less brass than what you put into the gun, then you're miscounting still.
Private sales are completely legal. You just have to do the actual transfer through a FFL and the buyer has to complete a 4470 and not fail a background check.
Probably not. I'm not an expert in the SKS but unless a rifle is blowing up in your hands, there's really only room for one bullet to leave the barrel at a time and if it's firing a round, kicking out a spent casing, chambering another round, immediately firing that round and kicking out the brass, as I pointed out in another comment, dicking with the trigger could cause that to happen but it's something I've only ever heard of happening on super custom competition race pistols. It is a non-zero possibility but a remote one unless OP has been doing trigger work and accidentally made it so that the recoil impulse can potentially discharge a second round in succession such that the shooter doesn't notice the second shot and thinks there was only one. I've never used an SKS so I'm not sure how realistic that is. OP's best bet is to count his brass. If he has as many empty casings as he put rounds in the rifle then it's potentially something of that nature. If he has fewer casings than he remembers putting rounds in, he's probably just not counting them right. Again, rounds don't just magically vanish.
I'm still unsure why this is a problem. Part of why we have a lot of the economic problems we have now is *because* we treat illusory wealth as real wealth.
Well...no...I mean a much *older* form of Greek religion...
Indeed that is what I mean.
Is this the Snu Snu set?
My standard "What safe should I get?" copypasta - There is no one *best* safe to get. Tailor what you get to your needs and budget while keeping a few things in mind. * Fireproof ratings are 95% bullshit. The majority of the time the "fire proofing" is a layer or two of gypsum board inside the walls of the safe and these safes rarely protect against smoke damage which can ruin a firearm just as thoroughly as a fire. Until you start cracking the $5,000 mark, fireproofing is going to be crappy at best. You're statistically far more likely to lose a firearm to theft than to fire. Prioritize security. * Virtually all safes are designed to be enclosed on (ideally) five of their six sides by structure that's difficult to break through as well as bolted down. One may think that nobody is going to walk away with a two ton safe and while you're generally right, knocking a safe down onto its back allows for far greater leverage in prying than can be generated against a standing safe. Do your best to ensure that as many sides as possible (with the obvious exception of the front) are difficult to access. * Locking bolts is a talking point that's 80% bullshit. If you look, a lot of safes in the lower price tiers have locking bolts and will often brag about how chonky they are...and will attach them to the door with a bolt the size of your pinky. If the locking bolt isn't securely attached to the door, it's not a locking bolt. It's the equivalent of having a massive chain on your bike secured by a zip tie. * Treat "will hold X number of guns!" as *generous* over-estimates at best. Most safes can't hold as much as they claim unless you're willing to make it seriously crowded in there. "Rifle racks" are generally an upsell item as they cost almost nothing and very rarely actually make the interior of safes easier to use. You're better off buying what you need after you get the safe. * Ignore demo videos of bulldozers smashing safes or dropping them from buildings. They're neat but they tell you fuck all about how good a safe is. Your average burglar isn't going to have a bulldozer nor are they going to drop your safe from a building. The logic is "Oh if the safe can survive that then they can take anything!" That logic is wrong. It's an extremely different animal when a burglar slices the corner off your safe and helps themselves to the contents than it is to smash one with a truck. * Get a security deposit box (they're like $60 a year) and put a copy of the key or combination in it. Seriously, just fucking do it. It'll pay for itself the first time you have to use it because a locksmith is going to cost a lot more than that to undo your fuck up, if they even can. * Just because a safe *looks* like it's made of super thick steel doesn't mean it necessarily is. Often cheaper safes will just have thinner sheet metal folded and formed to look like one continuous chunk when in reality it's a relatively thin skin. * No safe under ~$5,000 is designed to stand up to a serious, motivated attacker with tools. Don't expect to pay for a tent and get a fortress. Unless you're willing to *really* spend, a safe is a way to delay an attacker long enough for what they're doing to not be worth it anymore and for them to leave. Even the $10,000 monsters have a breaking point. Absolutely nothing is impregnable. * A safe should never be your sole method of protecting your firearms. You need to be sure the rest of your home security is up to scratch first. Rather than buy a $10,000 safe and ignore everything else, you're better off buying a $5,000 safe and using the other $5,000 for home upgrades and repairs to ensure you have multiple layers of protection. * Keep in mind what your most immediate security need is. The trap a lot of people fall into is saving for that $10,000 monster and having nothing but a closet in the mean time. While they're waiting, someone breaks in and steals everything. It's better to have a storage container that isn't optimal over one that doesn't do the job at all. Gun lockers and cheaper safes aren't useless. If you're more worried about guests or kids, something that keeps honest people honest isn't a bad choice. * Ask yourself where this safe is gonna go in five years, ten, fifteen, etc. That 372 gun safe may look bangin' in your spare room right now but if you're thinking of moving in the next 5-10 years, are you going to be able to take it with you? Are you going to be able to *move* it? A big safe is kinda like a pet in that it will, to a degree, dictate where you can move. There are dedicated safe moving companies but they command hefty fees to do their work, especially once stairs get involved. * "Safe shrinkage" is a commonly documented problem. It's almost impossible to buy a safe with too much storage space unless you are ruthless in curating what you have. Always buy more than you think you need because even if you don't use all that space, a roomy safe is a lot easier to deal with than one where you have to unload everything just to get to one rifle. * Things like storage pouches, dehumidifiers, power strips, velcro walls, etc are upsells. They will usually be used to justify price increases of several hundred dollars or be thrown in to justify an inflated price. Don't fall for it. They cost next to nothing and stock ones are almost always cheap garbage. * Take weight into account. This applies more for putting safes on second stories or in apartment buildings but also remember you might have to get this chonky fucker up some stairs and even just one or two steps into your home from the garage may not be able to handle the weight of a one ton safe. If you're getting a big one, double its weight and check to ensure your floor can actually support that weight without causing problems. If your floor can just barely handle the weight of an empty safe it sure as hell is going to protest when you start throwing guns in there. * If there's an option for "white glove" delivery services or installation, *take it.* If it costs extra, *still take it.* Yeah you and a couple of buddies can do it and it's like a three beer job per person at most but there's no substitute for people with the proper tools and experience doing a job right, especially when the consequences for having it go wrong can be pretty catastrophic. I would imagine a one ton safe sailing through drywall at the bottom of a set of stairs after laying two or three mullets out would be an awesome YT video but damn I'd sure hate to be the homeowner at the top of the stairs watching the cost of that safe climb after adding the cost of structural repairs *and* having to hire professional safe movers to come in and actually put the safe where it needs to go. Plus the surgery for a herniated disc can run upwards of $50,000 which is *a lot* of guns. * If you're buying a safe with electronic locks and no key override, look to be sure the company warranties their electronics or is willing to cover the cost of a locksmith replacing/opening the safe if the electronics fail. If they won't, walk away. Ideally, you want them to warranty the electronics no matter what but if that's your only way in or out, warranty or walk. The electronics for locks are reasonably reliable these days but they are a point of failure and should never be your only available way of opening a safe. Spilled liquids can damage the electronics to the point where they fail or even if you just accidentally whack them when moving the safe or opening the door. Electronics aren't an immediate no but they should never be your only way into your safe. Biometrics absolutely should not be trusted, especially in a fast-access safe - they're easy to confuse and even the nicer ones don't always work reliably. A solid spin dial lock is your best bet. * Lock picking is a pretty specialized skillset. Someone who has taken the time and effort to learn how to defeat the locks on even a budget safe is probably not going to waste time breaking into *your* safe. Yes, there are YT videos aplenty showing how to get through a padlock or a front door lock but the lock on your safe is usually more secure than these and getting into these locks generally takes more skill. The presence of a key lock or a key override for a dial or electronic lock shouldn't scare you away. * "Hidden" gun storage is generally a poor option, especially if the container is only secured by obscurity. I know magnetic shelves and ottomans with hidden compartments are the fucking rage right now but consider anyone accidentally bumping that piece of furniture and noticing it doesn't sound quite right or it feels way heavier than it should. Kids especially will poke around at *everything.* If you're going for a "hidden" solution, make sure it at least has a key lock. It takes little to no time or effort for someone breaking in to pick up anything reasonably heavy and start whacking every piece of furniture once or twice to check for hidden compartments. "Security through obscurity" is not a good route to go with guns. * Whenever possible, go physically look at the safe you want before you get it. Poke it, prod it, wiggle the door, poke the lock, look at everything you can. * Job boxes are a surprisingly affordable and sturdy option if you're not quite at safe territory yet. They can be dressed up with some wood paneling and they're generally fairly resistant to entry except with specific tools. The biggest problem with them is internal organization. * Consider leaving tools that could help someone get into your safe in their own secure container or (if you have room) in the safe itself. There are few worse feelings than realizing the burglar used your own tools to cut/break open the safe to steal your stuff.
Ffs not this again. People who are saying "both parties are the same" are not saying "both parties are literally identical." They are saying that both parties have similar motivations, goals, and interests. They go about them in different ways but, under the hood, they're striving very much for the same types of things.
TF do you shoot out of that UTAS? Rockets?
MF do you know how much it hurts to snort hot tea up your nose?
They have a literal training camp up in the PNW. They are real and at least some of them are serious. Terrorist training camps are apparently chill now in the US. Who knew?
These are generally pretty good but there are some weak links. &gt;Penalize for failure to update NICS database. How is this determined and who actually gets penalized? I also see this being kind of like the FOIA statute which says you are required to have an answer from an agency back in 20 business days. In reality, there's absolutely no teeth to this requirement so functionally requests are often just flat ignored. I've had open requests with no response for *six. years.* &gt;Research mental health and illnesses I mean, neat, but the overwhelming majority of people who commit gun violence of any kind are not mentally ill. &gt;and research the effects of certain drugs, specifically psychotropic drugs. This sounds suuuuper close to "Ritalin made him a school shooter" nonsense. &gt;Incentivize safe firearm storage This is a good move but to add to that I'd also suggest forming an actual testing body that certifies safes and other similar containers. There's waaaay too much marketeering wank out there that conceals the weaknesses in a particular safe or design choice and it'd be nice to have an independent testing body that can certify a particular safe as being good or not so secure. &gt; Require that secondary schools provide an ELECTIVE course for students to learn how to safely OPERATE and use a firearm. I agree but this is an extremely hard sell politically. &gt;Require that K-12 schools in the commonwealth have at least one school resource officer on the premises at all times. Why? "Resource officers" haven't shown to be super effective at really doing [anything positive.](https://www.aclunc.org/news/new-study-shows-police-presence-schools-has-negative-effect-students) If you want to do that, make them *not* cops. &gt;Allow CHP holders to be exempt from gun-free zones with permission. This one doesn't really hold because the ultimate authority about guns usually rests with the property owner and if the owner says no, the law is usually hesitant to push back on that.
PSA tends to be entry level but reliable for what it is. I personally avoid because they were *way* too happy to hop on the "novelty lower" train in a pretty tasteless way and that's one of the faster ways to lose my money. PSA has had some issues in the past playing fast and loose with customer payment information though I know way more people who've had no problems with them than I do people who've actually had issues. My go-to for less expensive AR hardware these days tends to be [ABC Rifle Company.](https://abcrifle.com/)
Ok, so let's try and lay this out as best we can. It's written by &gt; a former acting assistant attorney general for national security, is legal director of Georgetown University Law Center’s Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection. so presumably this person has some legal chops and this should be more than moralistic handwringing. &gt;Overblown alarm over reasonable gun-control laws Not...really off to a great start here. &gt;These resolutions, to the extent they conflict with state law, lack legal effect: In Tazewell County, Va., for example, the “Sanctuary Resolution” approved by the board of supervisors purports to prohibit any county employee from enforcing, and any county funds from being used for the enforcement of, new state gun laws the county deems unconstitutional. But Virginia state law prohibits local governments from enacting ordinances or resolutions that are inconsistent with state laws and, more directly, specifically prohibits local governments from regulating firearms. The author has an actual point here. These resolutions are effectively meaningless in most cases. They sound really nice but, for the most part, they're superseded by state or federal level laws that mean these resolutions have no actual effect for everyday people and I don't think people realize that. &gt;The resolution, and others like it, demonstrate how their proponents operate on a fundamental misunderstanding of the rights afforded Americans by the Second Amendment and, importantly, the limitations on those rights. And how they’ve spurred extremists who want to stand up local militias to engage in armed rebellion against the state — action that isn’t just dangerous but that also runs counter to the Constitution. So they're like half right here. They're taking their interpretation of the Constitution as absolute rather than their own take on it which, whatever, the right to defend yourself extends beyond the Constitution as far as I'm concerned. They do have a point that these are being used to stoke a lot of pretty shifty fires. It goes back to people thinking these mean something that they really don't mean. &gt;The right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited. As the Supreme Court made clear in Justice Antonin Scalia’s 2008 majority opinion in District of Columbia v. Heller, it is “not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose.” In Heller, the court struck down the District of Columbia’s ban on handgun possession in the home as unconstitutional, holding that the Second Amendment protects an individual’s right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of self-defense. But in doing so, the court confirmed the legality of “long-standing prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.” &gt;It further recognized what it called “another important limitation”: that the types of weapons protected for possession and use were “those ‘in common use at the time’” of the Second Amendment’s ratification, while pointedly explaining that the protection did not extend to “weapons not typically possessed by law-abiding citizens for lawful purposes, such as short-barreled shotguns.” And the court reaffirmed its 1886 opinion in Presser v. Illinois that the Second Amendment “does not prevent the prohibition of private paramilitary organizations” — private militias, in other words — which are, in fact, prohibited by the state constitutions of 48 states, including Virginia. This is mostly backstory on prior court rulings and, more or less correct. &gt;Proponents of Second Amendment sanctuary cities and counties largely ignore the teaching of Heller, instead pronouncing any gun-control legislation unconstitutional, whether it requires backgrounds checks or a waiting period, raises the legal age for gun ownership, bans bump-stock devices that allow for rapid firing, prohibits weapons in government buildings, or outlaws assault-style rifles. Rather than engaging in a bill-by-bill discussion of proposed legislation, these advocates whip up hysteria by painting with a broad brush, arguing that all gun-control legislation is part of a conspiracy of liberals who “want to take your guns.” I mean...yes but no? Specifically there *are* a lot of people in the 2A community that are *really* invested in this idea that there's a broad conspiracy afoot to disarm everyone. I don't know that that has a ton of merit but I think there are also a lot of people who recognize that the motivations for wanting restrictions that anti-gun people cite mean that rules and restrictions are just going to be tightened and tightened until they become an effective ban specifically because the rules will not address the problems they're intended to address and the response will then be "We just need more rules." It's the question I like to put to people who insist they're only in favor of "reasonable" gun control and "don't want to ban everything" - If someone waved a magic wand and all the AR-15's and the AK's vanished and all any member of the public owned were revolvers, pump/break shotguns, and bolt action rifles, what would happen if someone walked into a cafe a week later with a brace of revovlers and shot 12 people? Would you start trying to look at the underlying cause of the violence or would you look for another magic wand to get rid of the revolvers, pump/break shotguns, and bolt action rifles? &gt;Using this disingenuous logic, proponents have convinced cities and counties in Oregon, Washington, New Mexico, Illinois, Colorado, Florida, Virginia and elsewhere that they should resist laws enacted by duly-elected legislators upon their own declarations — not those of the courts — that such laws violate the Second Amendment. This not only misunderstands the Second Amendment, but it also misunderstands the limited powers of local jurisdictions, which exist solely based on authorities conferred by state law. State constitutions, statutes and common law generally affirm the “supremacy” of federal and state law, meaning that local jurisdictions are preempted from enacting conflicting ordinances and resolutions. And in no state do local governments have the prerogative to declare a state or federal law unconstitutional without involving the courts. I mean, yes but no again? Factually, they are correct. But this is an argument that goes back to when we thought menstruation was the work of the devil and that women's ankles could drive men to unspeakable lust - where is that balance between state and federal power? The author seems to have their toast pretty firmly buttered on one side and, ok, but their interpretation is not the only one out there. This is a long running argument within American politics and I'm confused why the author seems to think this is just a settled and done question. &gt;Ignoring this reality — core to our constitutional structure — some have gone even further, calling for local governments to stand up their own militias to defend their absolutist version of Second Amendment rights. The Oath Keepers, a private, armed militia that recently offered to come to President Trump’s aid in the event of impeachment and removal, last week announced that it is deploying to Virginia to “focus on helping Sheriffs raise and train an official armed posse in each county, under command of the Sheriff, and on organizing, training, and equipping official county militia, under the authority of the county government.” The Oath Keepers claim they are doing this in “resistance to the unconstitutional” and dangerous “actions of the Governor” and urge the same in every county because “when a town or county government stands up, that pits one government entity against another.” In fairness, this is legitimately a worrisome thing. The Oath Keepers are a pretty shady group and to have them working with law enforcement *at all* does not inspire warm and fuzzy feelings. They're pretty much the gold standard for when someone on the left asks me why we should arm ourselves. &gt;Putting aside that county militias, unanswerable to the state, are just as unlawful as private militias, the recklessness of the Oath Keepers’ call should be alarming not just to gun-control advocates but to gun owners. Raising local militias to forcibly resist state law goes far beyond stating an intention to oppose or not enforce new gun-control legislation. It is an ominous step toward insurrection, and it reflects that those claiming to stand for Second Amendment rights don’t understand where those rights begin and end. Again, the author is treating all this like it's just a settled question and there isn't anything to debate or other perspectives on something that has been an argument since before the US was the US.
There are a lot of anti-gun people who genuinely do not realize that what they're advocating for is, effectively, a ban. Like they *genuinely* believe that it is in fact possible to have a compromise where everybody is at least ok even if we don't all get what what we want.
While not the absolute worst idea I have ever heard, this is a pretty shite idea.
NTA. 150% NTA. Having time for yourself to maintain your own mental health is critical to being a good parent. I work with children who've been removed from their homes because of abuse. A common thread we find a lot of the time in abusive homes is parents who spend *all their time* with their kids without ever taking any time to relax and just be humans. What tends to happen is parents get their own identity wrapped up in the child. They live for their child and the second there's any kind of resistance on the part of the child (like when they start asserting their independence) it throws the parent's identity into crisis and it creates a ton of stress because now there's not only the stress of a young person trying to figure out where they fit in the world but there's the anxiety of the parent trying to cope with the fixture of their entire identity suddenly rejecting them. It's also critical for helping a child develop a sense of independence and separateness from their parent. That's less critical at this stage but eventually it's going to become very important. On top of that having to navigate the world with cerebral palsy I can imagine is rather exhausting. It is absolutely not asking too much to have a little time for yourself to recharge.
I don't know how you can determine any of that from what's posted. Parenting shouldn't be a prison sentence. Americans have this weird fixation with this "super mom/dad" ideal that's not only pretty unique in most of history but it's toxic as hell. We basically expect people to give up their lives for ~20 years and we don't understand why so many parents have trouble.
&gt;A little time? She wants her mother to cover her for two hours a day on top of going off to play a board game for god knows how long twice a month. You do realize that collective child rearing has been a thing for pretty much the entire span of human history, right? Like this is the norm in places that don't expect one parent to be able to do it all and take zero time for themselves. In basically any other country in the world, your statement would be just flat laughed at.
You need help. Like actual, legitimate, professional help. This is not sarcasm, this is not ripping on you, but your post has so many red flags it might as well be the USSR. You need to talk to someone who is trained to help people and you need to do it yesterday.
What do you think the response would be if OP was like "AITA for wanting my mom to take care of my kid for two hours a day while I go to my part time job?" or a doctor's appointment or basically anything else?
No, it isn't. But it's not unreasonable for the daughter to *ask* for that help from her mother.
&gt;That's right. "I didn't get mine so fuck you." That is a seriously depressing way to look at the world and I am genuinely aggrieved if that's how you see things.
&gt;How's the reality of life a depressing way to look at things. Actually, scratch that...how is taking care of your child depressing? I like taking care of my kid (unlike shit mom OP here). The reality that I'm not getting any free time to play video games is not depressing at all. That's life. The fact that you are so quick to berate a person for wanting to engage in self-care is what's depressing. I really don't know how to make it simpler than that. If you're defining self-care as an indulgent luxury, that is a legitimately worrying frame of mind. We actively send people home in the mental health field when they take that tack - you are no good to anyone if you're fried because you will inevitably take that out on the kid regardless if you realize it or not. The frustration of parents is a key factor in a wide variety of different forms of abuse. &gt;It's just the facts. Between raising the baby, working full time, daily commute, running errands, maintaining the home, cooking and finding a moment to give my wife some relief from full time motherhood (which is about 30 min to wolf down a meal and take a shit) there simply isn't two spare hours for fucking around. I mean do you have *no one* who can lend a hand? Friends? Other family? If not, seriously, why not? Again, we're back to the super parents problem - "it takes a village" isn't just a cute saying, it's also really good fucking advice.
OP also has cerebral-fucking-palsy. There are some extra considerations at play here than just "I want some "me" time."
Keep in mind the price is for the lower *and* most of the BCG. When you look at it that way, it becomes more reasonable. I bought mine for ~$550 so say $150 for the BCG and $400 for a specialized lower, that's not a stratospheric ask.
Question for anyone else who has one of these - how much can you mess with the trigger? The trigger on mine is hot garbage and I was considering swapping it out but from what I've read, it uses different parts and you can't do a straight swap for an AR trigger.
&gt;And what the fuck is this "be a person" shit. I like my job. I like my kid. I like my home. Why do you assume I can't be ultra busy with my family and not feel like a person. Because what are you outside your family or your job? What happens when your child(ren) grow up or move out? What happens when you retire? What happens when that thing that you've used to define your existence as a human being for decades no longer needs you? At this point there is nothing really more to say. All I can do is hope that what you've got going is working for you *and* for your kid(s) and hope that your approach is dying out because I'm tired of seeing kids with their faces beaten in because a parent had no idea how to self-care and took that failure out on their kid.
Are there any *parts* you can swap in? Springs, the trigger itself? Mine is a "new" one but the pull is probably 30-40lbs. No lie. There's definitely a problem. With the upper off, the pull is closer to 10-15lbs. I thought it was a break-in problem and I put probably 300 rounds through it but no improvement.
I think ultimately a lot of them *want* something like that, but just like you and I probably want to be able to order AA guns online for the front lawn, what we want and what we expect to be realistically possible are different things. Except for some of the more ardent people like Feinsteinn, I think a lot of them are trying to get to what they think is a reasonable middle ground. The problem is they don't understand firearms, to the point where what's "reasonable" for them is basically limited to bolt action rifles and revolvers.
&gt;Your argument is super strange. 'Well yes, they want to ban all guns, but it's because they are stupid, so it's ok!' Where in the actual silver plated fuck did I say "so it's ok!"
I said there is not some secret conspiracy by the anti-gun political figures to take away everyone's guns. What that means is we're not dealing with extremists/fanatics (for the most part) and there is room to figure something out. There are real people with goals and an ability to read a cost/benefit analysis. The idea that there's some vast conspiracy inherently disincentivizes any sort of *anything* that could be even remotely helpful because it puts people in the mentality that there's no one to talk to when that's just not true. If you present an actual exchange, not a peace offering or any nonsense like that, a real exchange where each side gets something it wants and doesn't have to give up much, you open a lot of doors. For instance, a bill that would deregulate suppressors, strike down SBS/SBR laws, and get rid of magazine capacity limits in exchange for universal background checks.
The real question is if that's a coating that will chip/rub off or if that's actual stainless/aluminum.
Serious question: Is that feeling of peace, calm, and serenity seriously that rare in people who aren't dying? I've definitely had that sensation before in situations where I wasn't dying.
Firearm insurance is fuuuucking expensive. It also generally requires a valuation of your firearms and the insurance pays out on that valuation. Unless you have something particularly sexy, chances are excellent you are not going to get even 1/10th of what you put into a rifle.
What is the point of slurry-ing your failed prints?
We have the second amendment here and police still do this...
This is either going to be one of those "How in the world did you even have that problem?" questions where you're not even, like, upset you're just marveling that some magnificent bastard had a problem that was so far beyond your scope of understanding that you can't even understand how it could have went wrong....or it's the buffer retainer. Kinda bettin' on the buffer retainer but, not gonna lie, I'm strapped in and ready for a "How did this even happen? It shouldn't physically be possible."
They're different things for different jobs. The emergency bandage is meant to stop serious bleeding. It gets tied over something like a gunshot wound to help stop bleeding. Sometimes they're impregnated with clotting agents to help seal the wound until you can get someone real medical help. A CAT is just a tourniquet. You use them if you can't stop bleeding to an extremity like an arm or a leg or in the case of an amputation where there's too much bleeding to control with bandages. It seals off the blood vessels above the damaged area. You go for the emergency bandage first then a tourniquet if the emergency bandage isn't cutting it or if there's just too much damage. Though generally you shouldn't apply a tourniquet unless you have some training in their use or you're out of other options. A complete medical kit should have both. If you really want to get gung-ho, a couple of chest seals also aren't a bad idea. EDIT: Since I seem to have angered most of the medical community I want to point out that I'm not giving a first aid class here. These are the broad strokes of "these two things are for different jobs."
Wolf or Tula is pretty much as low as it goes in terms of cost while staying away from remans which can be cheaper still but you're rolling the dice at that point. Federal sometimes dips lower in price but I generally avoid Federal's "deals." I can count the number of times Wolf or Tula has choked on one hand. It's not amazing quality but it's reliable.
You're going to *feel* that but you're not going to *understand* it. Lights go out? Yay candles and flashlights! It's like camping! You might think "oh this kinda sucks" but you don't have the knowledge or awareness of the world to really contextualize what this means.
I've generally understood that tourniquets are a last resort less because of any component of the tool itself but because people usually do it wrong and so trainers don't want people applying them.
Ohhhh fuck a full can of hairspray...
&gt;Bad fit, willy-nilly applications are basically spam. It takes the employer's recruiters time to sift through shitty applications and reduces the value that Indeed provides to employers. The problem is, mathematically speaking, you are more likely to get an interview and thus a job if you just shotgun out resumes. The way the system works, you are incentivized to do exactly this. This is like dating - masses of low-effort messages may get a lot of rejections but they also have a higher chance of getting a positive response than people who spend lots of time crafting one message. &gt;NOW, imagine instead that you as an applicant know that you only get X number of applications a day. Wouldn't you be more choosy about which companies you apply to? You'd make sure you're a good fit for the job and would be more likely to apply to ones that would actually call you back. No, I wouldn't. Given the callback ratio is garbage as it is, I just wouldn't use a site that limits how many applications I can submit. Either that or I'd just start a new account or two to keep submitting messages. This system doesn't limit spam. It limits *low effort* spam.
The clerk may have been being a bit of a dick about it but he's not entirely wrong. &gt;Anyways the clerk starts typing into his computer and was like “there’s no way you are gonna get price anywhere, I just googled AR15 and here look at this you can buy this PSA .556 AR15 for $450 new, and you’re trying to sell me a used one for $600? The most I’d give you is $150” $650 is not a bad price for a decently built AR from a reputable company with reputable parts. The guy is buying an AR that you built and rolling the dice on how well you built it. Maybe you know what you're doing, maybe you damaged a critical component, the rifle doesn't run, and now you're trying to get rid of it and cover your loss or maybe you just did a shit job building it. He doesn't know any of that without doing a breakdown and, TBH, I wouldn't do a breakdown of an AR either. Now consider he has to store it, check it, fix any potential problems, then have it sit on his shelf until someone buys it. He can't list it for $600, very few people are going to jump on a $600 AR unless it's a $600 DD or Aero or DPMS or another top-shelf name. But I mean an Anderson or a Spike's? They're not *bad* from a quality standpoint but they don't command DD or Geislie prices. So he's going to list it for $400 to get it moved. When it's all said and done he's making $100-$200 off it *if* someone buys it. Realistically, I'd list it for $300. AR's do not hold value the way other guns do - they're way too easy to build or assemble from parts that are more specced to what you want and they're *everywhere.* Not saying I'd have taken $150 but, given his situation, I see why he offered that.
It blows people's minds when they're used to living in a city where police are generally at-hand pretty quickly and they realize that the police are not so fast to respond in places that are more rural. One of my work sites is *way* out in the boonies and we got a letter about a year ago from the local sheriff that said for a specific three month period during the summer to not call the police between 10pm and 6am because no one would show up. If you have an emergency, dial 911 or call the state police.
This is true and a point I often make however it kinda misses the fact that at the time there were very little other options for wealthy people who wanted to keep their money from being taken in taxes. It was either spend it on something or get taxed. If they spent it on some giant library they at least got good publicity and got their name on something. Today we have the ability to move money around in ways we didn't have back then. Wealth can be offshored and there are *billions* of dollars in various places outside of the US where it's out of the reach of the US IRS. Not that I don't agree with high tax rates on the wealthy but at this point I don't know if they'd have the effect people think they would.
Ok, I *live* in a rural place in the US. People do just carry them because they might need them.
&gt;They also know that they will face a tough reelection so by doing away with photo ID for voting they can count on the illegal vote. This is a fucking stupid conspiracy theory that basically screams "I DON'T KNOW HOW OUR ELECTIONS WORK!"
So to put it simply, ballot stuffing is not a viable strategy when you have the kind of set up the US does. Our electoral system is unwieldy, it's clunky, it's inefficient...and that also means it's highly resistant to voter fraud because there's so much red tape to go through that people who want to vote falsely have to expend a lot of effort, put themselves at a lot of risk, for very little potential reward. You can't walk into a polling station and ask for a stack of sixty ballots, fill them all out, and drop them into the bin. So you have to drive around to different polling stations and vote once. That's a lot of ground for a person to cover and they need key information at each station, specifically the name of a person who is registered to vote but hasn't (and more importantly) won't show up to vote. So if John Van Voter Fraud shows up at a polling station, he has to know whose name to give *and* he has to know that whoever's name he gives won't show up later and say "Hey, why is my name already crossed off? I didn't vote." At that point election officials get involved and things rapidly go sideways for you. You could increase your impact by gathering more people but that presents its own challenges. Now you have to count on people to keep their mouth's shut and not offer you up in exchange for a lighter sentence on something else or if they get caught. You also have to ensure they don't somehow blab to someone who might finger the whole operation - a partner, a family member, being dicks online. Consider that the punishment for voter fraud is four years in federal prison *per offense.* So if you fraudulently vote 20 times, that's 80 years in federal prison. If someone gets nabbed, they're more than likely going to out you and your scheme. You could pay them enough so that they don't talk. But, again, why? The amount you'd have to pay to get enough people to *maybe* not rat you out would be infinitely better spent doing literally anything else. Buy ad airtime, buy and distribute swag, pay canvassers, buy lists of potential voters, and all that shit has the advantage of being 100% legal *and* more effective. Even if you pull of this Fagin-esq caper and nobody talks, you'll still likely foul the results to the point where they're thrown out. A district with an 80% turnout surrounded by other districts with a 30% turnout is going to raise some eyebrows and cause someone to look further at the numbers. Even if your plan escapes detection, they may say "We don't know exactly what went wrong but we know something is wrong so we're going to scrap this and do it again." And at the end of all of this, it may still fail. Even if you registered 50,000 fake votes, maybe your side looses by 100,000. So you did all that work, went to all that risk, paid all that money, and *still lost.* Voter fraud makes absolutely zero sense in our electoral system.
What about it? Voter registrations don't mean anything. You can register Mickey Mouse to vote if you want.
Because registrations are checked against the voter rolls of the local election commission office. If you're a felon or not a citizen and you submit a registration to vote, that registration gets examined to see if you are eligible to vote. If you're not, it just gets roundfiled and you don't get put on the rolls. Therefore if you then show up at the polls on election day and say "I'm Frank Felon, I'd like to vote" they're going to check their list of voters for that precinct, not see your name on it, and say no. Or they'll hand you a provisional ballot which is basically "Yes, we'll record your vote, double check to make sure you're eligible to vote, and then go ahead and count your vote if you pass muster."
Uhhh did you maybe reply to the wrong post because we're not talking about tobacco rn.
Hella dollars. I've seen them between $1,600 and $3,000. You can't get any more in the US so the price has consequently skyrocketed.
Yes, because that, *that*, is what's standing between you and a fucking machine gun.
I mean...at least *try* to add something new. It's IWI so I'm not touching it with a ten foot pole but this kinda feels like "We wanted to slap our names on something to get that fanboy crowd."
People will still freak out. I found a Mauser with a stock that was literally rotting away to the point where it was crumbling just to touch it and after inquiring about replacement stocks I was met with a chorus of shrieking about "noooo bubba!"
One of the easiest and probably best in terms of value for money spent upgrades is a new grip. The stock grip on most ARs is...functional but a new grip really makes a difference in comfort when shooting. Plus even really nice grips are pretty cheap. I tend to prefer Hogue's overmolded grips.
Go to your local library with an STL for a sight tool. A lot of libraries now have 3D printers.
This actually farked up my 950A1. IIRC it was also Super X. The claw took a chunk out of the shell and the action completely locked up.
I would conclude it's an issue with Winchester's ammo. Given this has only happened to me once in about 150 rounds of Super X through my 590A1 and I've only ever seen a few of these sorts of issues, I'm going to say it's not an *egregious* issue but that I probably wouldn't buy Super X for anything but a break or bolt shotgun at this point.
Let's save the "this is how we win" if the bills don't pass.
I mean...y tho? Look, I will totally defend the concept of these "firearms" as *very* situationally/financially specific home defense (laser mandatory) but beyond that....what really are they useful for? They're not *amazingly* concealable if you're just running around. Their ammunition capacity isn't awesome. I mean maybe keeping them around as a kind of ranch gun where maybe you need to take care of some snakes or just discourage local wildlife from dicking with your garden. If you want a fun gun, just get it as a fun gun. Just understand what it is and what you'll be using it for.
I have admittedly waffled a bit on these in the past and I was firmly in the camp of "dumb fun gun" for a long time until I got to actually use one. The "you can't hit anything" argument is 100% true...until you slap a laser on it. At that point, within about 60 or so feet, you can hit basically anything you point at. I can see this being *an* option if you don't have the means to get an AR or they're not legal where you are. I don't disagree that a pistol would be, overall, better but if you're the type of person who doesn't have the time/resources to go to the range and practice regularly (or maybe you don't have a range that's readily accessible) this being a choice.
Going for that cop market I see.
It takes usually two to three days to get your sleep switched around unless you go hog on caffeine and that generally leaves you feeling shitty for close to a week afterwards.
Does it take AR mags standard or do you have to modify it to do that?
Thaaaat's pretty sweet. I have the Mossberg MVP Patrol and I'm not happy with it so I might sell this one off for the Predator. I'd have to handle the action a bit and see how it rolls compared to the MVP.
These are pretty dope and while they are *more* maneuverable than a safe, they can still be an absolute bear to move around. It's fun times to have to take off every door between where you want the box and the only door it fits through to get it in the house.
I'm not particularly worried. There's an economic component to the firearms industry that I basically *never* see discussed in contemporary discourse. Back in the day, companies like Remington, Winchester, etc started with the idea that they would sell firearms pretty much exclusively to government buyers for military use. That turned out to be a pretty unstable business model because it depends on a steady demand for firearms from government contracts, which only really happens during intense and protracted conflicts. That created the necessity to find new sources of revenue, thus the consumer gun market was born. In the beginning they actually had to convince people that buying better guns was a good idea, a lot of people didn't think they needed more than one or two shots. That consumer market helped keep the big manufacturers afloat between military contracts and that symbiosis has lasted pretty much through to today. The problem is that keeping a production facility running costs money. It's not a machine that can just be turned off when you don't need it, you need staff trained and ready to work, you need supply chains set up, raw materials sourced, etc. The companies that make rifles for the military and police depend on consumer sales to keep going. Consumer sales also serve as a sort of distributed R&amp;D where a lot of people can test out a new design and innovations can be reincorporated into new products after the public has had a chance to bang them around. Stop consumer sales and suddenly we're back to the problems that the old school gun manufacturers were in - what do you do when no one is buying rifles? The government could subsidize these places to stay open and working but that's an expensive proposition, one that most voters would probably have issues with. The state could wholesale take over production but government takeovers of private industry is also a pretty hard sell politically and then again you still have the problem of a production capacity scaled to meet a demand that is only periodically there. The other alternatives are buying our arms from other countries and I don't see that as a politically acceptable choice. Regardless of how you feel about guns, the US has a massive economic investment in their production and domestic sale. Curbing that is going to require some political steps that are...difficult at best.
Hooooly ol' fuck that's gross.
I would also like to point out this little gem. https://www.instagram.com/p/B7pNQ0Tp1xm/
Do people just not know that things like PO boxes exist? They're like $60 a year. EDIT: People are super salty about the reality that leaving potentially valuable things outside runs the risk of them being stolen. I'm struggling to see how this is news to people. Especially considering the complete lack of empathy shown to anyone who gets their car window busted because they left a wallet or phone sitting out on their car seat.
Soooo don't make trips every day? Like do you really need to be told that?
Jesus fucking christ take your finger out of your nose and read beyond the title.
That's cool but until they stop catering to the absolute lowest common denominator in terms of guy buyers with their "novelty lowers" I'm done sending dollars their way.
Would you respond the same way if they were selling lowers with "KILL ALL WHITE PEOPLE" engraved in them? I'm not against fun with guns, I have some ideas that I'd love to pursue for no other reason than giggles, but that doesn't include symbolism that is an outright nod to extreme far-right ideology.
I miss top break revolvers.
I mean...it would have *had* to at a certain point. Slave labor is not a sustainable way to run an economy, at least for very long. Most societies that have relied heavily on slave labor have found out that it has a number of fundamental problems that keep it from becoming a secure path. It would be even more difficult in the case of the South because of the Industrial Revolution. Higher prices of labor were pushing the adoption and development of new machines which eventually would reduce the cost of production down below where a slave owning South could reasonably afford to sell its goods. If you have a labor force that is mostly slaves, you don't *need* to invest in mechanization and the ancillary scientific pursuits around it because your labor doesn't cost you that much in relation to the value it generates. That process was already starting when the Civil War kicked off. Even if the Civil War didn't happen, a large scale slave revolt would have condemned the South to pretty much the same fate it suffered at the hands of the North. An economic crash as a result of collapsing cotton prices or a slump in demand for cotton or something that severely damaged the cotton crop would have had similar consequences. The South's economy was a short-term deal and the South's political psychology and identity wasn't flexible enough to be able to change if it faced a crisis situation. If the North hadn't levelled much of the South, chances are excellent it would have happened as a result of an internal problem probably within the lifetime of most of the people who fought in the Civil War.
&gt;That incident has tainted my view of the medical profession ever since. I'm not trying to be a jerk here but...that's not a great approach. That's the kind of wedge that lets people like "naturopaths" and other "alternative medicine" people get a foot in the door - that doubt that niggling doubt that there's something the professionals missed because, hey, they're wrong a lot of the time. It's important to realize that doctors, nurses, hell pretty much everyone, are human and are subject to their limitations. A degree or even years of training doesn't prevent you from missing something obvious or making a bad call. Medicine, like anything else, is evolving, growing as people learn more and get better tools to make decisions with and gather more accurate information. I think people have this expectation that of all the tools and training we have, mistakes shouldn't happen or that people shouldn't make a bad call. Unfortunately that isn't the case and that's hard to hear if you're the one suffering the consequences of one of those bad calls. I work in mental health with kids who've been abused. I've been in this field for over 13 years and there have been a lot of times when I've made the wrong call in a situation. Maybe I was just off that day or I didn't do my due diligence or I let personal feelings get in the way. Whatever the reason, I screwed up and someone else, usually someone who didn't deserve it, paid the price. Now, I have a choice as to how I handle that. I can break down, fall apart, give up, go work at a grocery store, and swear off this job for the rest of my life....or I can do whatever I can to right the wrong, learn what I did wrong in the situation, and remember it so I hopefully don't make the same mistake again. A person in a field like medicine or psychology or really any field where someone suffers if you make a bad decision will do exponentially more good being someone who makes mistakes and learns from them as opposed to someone who just never makes mistakes or, even worse, someone who never makes decisions so they're never in the position of being wrong. At the end of the day, you kinda have to trust that, for the most part, the people you're entrusting your health to are trying to do the best job they can to help you. Sometimes they'll do the right thing and you'll get better, but sometimes they'll do the wrong thing and cause problems. It's disconcerting realizing that you're kinda rolling the dice when you deal with modern medicine but, for me at least, it's a lot better to roll the dice than it is to die of some easily treated disease while the local barber keeps trying to treat it with leeches.
No party here, chief. I'm not a liberal.
I have both and I've shot both pretty extensively. The AR and AK platforms are two different rifle systems designed for two very different modes of operation with two different philosophies behind them. The AR was designed for the Americans who, for a long time, valued accuracy over "stopping power" and thought that the average soldier should be a marksman. It's an ethic that goes back to the Revolutionary War period where sharpshooters helped tip things in the American's favor. The AR reflects that in the sense that it's weighted more towards the end of being intended for more accurate fire by a more skilled shooter. The rifle itself is very much an "army" rifle in the sense that while you can break it down and swap things out relatively easily it's meant to be used as part of a supply chain that keeps these bits and pieces that you can swap out coming. It is designed to be part of a larger overall operation. Take that versus the AK. The Soviets designed the AK with the priority of durability and "stopping power" with less of an eye towards accuracy (that isn't to say the AK is inherently inaccurate, it isn't, that's a myth). The front sight isn't adjustable except by a special tool, in other words "keep your grubby, peasant hands off of the sights and let your CO adjust them as necessary." It's a rifle meant to be carried by soldiers who usually fought in larger groups and may find themselves out of supply for longer periods of time. Serious work on an AK generally requires a shop but there's also a lot fewer fiddly bits that break on a regular basis - you don't really need to do much to it but scrape out some schmoo every once and a while. The emphasis was on volume of fire with larger, heavier rounds - individual soldiers didn't have to be crack shots, accuracy through volume was sufficient. The difference is usually best summarized as "the AR is a *soldier's* weapon, the AK is a *fighter's* weapon." In a vacuum, I'd probably pick the AK. In the US right now, I'd probably go with the AR on just sheer availability of parts substituting for a constant supply from my support units. Over time an AK may degrade to the point where it can't be used anymore but that time is a *long* fucking time. They still routinely find AK's in places like Afghanistan and Pakistan that date back to the 40's and 50's that are still chugging away happy as you please. In terms of just usability, there are aspects of both I like and dislike. The AR was not pleasant to pick up and shoot initially. I got it to a point where it does feel comfortable but that took a lot of modification and parts to get it there. The AK fit like a glove from "go." The AR is undoubtedly easier to work on and standardization means I can get "AR parts" basically anywhere with no questions about if they'll fit or not - I know they will. AK's have half a dozen different "families" often with differences in parts that are visually pretty indistinguishable but are functionally not exchangable so now I have to trust that someone knows what will fit what when I buy it. The AR buffer tube is stupid. Like, mechanically, it's clever but having to cheek it, the thing is fucking stupid. You can't use a folding stock with it (unless you invest lots of money) and you always get the *sprang sproing* of the recoil spring (unless you invest in a captive piston system, cool but pricey). The AK doesn't have that and I can throw pretty much any stock I want on it....but the sights are so low you basically have to stick it up your nose to use the iron sights. The AR can shoot .223 or 5.56 which is great for flexibility. The AK (largely) only shoots 7.62 x39 and it's a pretty snappy round. The long and the short of it is they're different rifles designed for use in the same rough environment but in fundamentally different ways. It's not an apples-apples comparison. The fanbois/haters for both are so fucking irritating.
Do we have pics?
Because there are fifty of them in a line all letting fly.
I had wondered why I had you tagged as "Likely Sociopath" in RES and then I opened the thread and I'm like "Ohhhh."
I was going to say because I see a lot of people who use muffs really crank them down to their head. You're basically squeezing your head for hours at a time and it can cause headaches. If you're using plugs, it may be that you're pushing them in too deep or too hard. I'd suggest wearing your ear pro around the house for a couple hours and seeing how you feel. If there's no headache, it's something else.
I have the MVP Patrol and I would recommend staying away from either unless you can nab them at a good price, basically anything under $400. The *concept* of these is nice, the execution is not. I was excited about a bolt gun that could share mags with my AR-10 and be shorter, lighter, and handy. The stock feels like absolute crap. It doesn't feel good in the hand, it feels flimsy but also somehow super heavy. The screws for the Pic rail on top also came loose after about 30 rounds and I had to red threadlock them back in. The action feels loose and the bolt really doesn't like being run hard or fast. Even after close to 100 rounds through it, it never really moves smoothly. The mag release is so stiff it barely works even with some oil on it. The trigger comes *super* sensitive right from the factory, I definitely surprised myself a couple times before adjusting it. The way the sling studs are mounted makes sense for a traditional bolt gun but once you stick a mag in there the rifle has a tendency to want to want lay flat against your back and bounce around as you walk. You basically have to hold the sling in place with your hand to keep the rifle on your back in any way that's not super uncomfortable. I can't comment about the irons because mine came missing the rear irons and I was so non-plussed with the rest of the rifle I didn't want to deal with Mossberg to get them to fix something so stupid. The entire thing feels like a lazy execution of a solid concept. It's not a bad shooter but basically everything else about it is a letdown. If you can get it for under $400, it's not a terrible choice for a smaller bolt gun that takes PMAGs but unfortunately it's basically one of the only bolt guns on the market that has that functionality right now.
So, first off, there's a difference between leftists and radical leftists. The spectrum tends to go: Radical Leftist &lt;- Leftist &lt;- Liberal These three different groups, despite being in close proximity, rarely get along with each other. A liberal is someone who is more or less chill with the status quo but thinks there are just some things that need fixing. They're more or less fine with how things are but they agree that there's problems that need to be addressed and they seek to do that almost exclusively through reform and electoralism. For the most part, a lot of them have some type of investment in the status quo - a career, a house, money, etc. Fundamental change threatens that so they're not down. Leftists are people who understand that the status quo is not sustainable and that how we do things is fundamentally flawed but they seek to effect a dismantling and re-working of our social and economic systems through a combination of activism and electoralism. These tend to be your dedicated "Feel The Bern" types. They see that capitalism is failing but they tend to think that should be self-evident. The system needs to be broken down and rebuilt but certain fundamental concepts are salvageable. Radical leftists have more or less completely abandoned reform and electoralism. We don't feel that meaningful change is possible through the systems that are in place and the system can only be pulled down. That isn't to say that radical leftists are inherently violent, it *really* depends on the individual, but you do find people here who are more willing to believe that the state and its supporters cannot be made to cede power any other way. Radical leftists focus more on community level organization and tend to not get involved overly much in electoral politics, a lot of us have chosen not to vote. I realize that sounds like a nitpicky distinction to make but it's *really* important because if you can understand that relationship, you start to see that most of what the 2A community calls "leftists" are liberals and a lot of leftists along with most of the radical left can't fucking stand liberals, albeit for additional reasons as well. The "guns r bad" line is largely from liberals with a slice of leftists on the side. The prevailing sentiment on the radical left since I got involved with radical politics ~20 years ago has been "Buy guns, learn to shoot" and booooy howdy have folks taken that advice seriously. There's *way* more armed leftists out there than I think most people realize, we're just less likely to plaster Glock stickers all over our car or join the NRA. Remember, the Socialist Rifle Association is a thing. Technically it was started in 2013 but it wasn't until 2018 that people really started getting things going and since 2018 we've grown to just over 6,000 members. That's happened mainly through word of mouth and social media *and* in the face of the industry cold shoulder on several occasions. EDIT: After some private convos I realized I didn't really go into *why* the three groups don't get along. Obvs, liberals have an investment in a status quo that they want to protect - you can't be wealthy and successful in a system that is suddenly playing by different rules. Consequently liberals don't like people who outright attack the system, it diminishes their chances of getting out of "temporarily embarrassed millionaire" status. Liberals are, however, generally pretty happy to co-opt the organizing talent and efforts of leftists and radical leftists. If you actually interact with a lot of the on-the-ground workers who work for liberal political causes, the people actually doing the grunt work, a lot of them are radicals or at least radically inclined. I realize how that sounds but it's *way* less nefarious than you think. There's a lot of people on the left, radical and just standard left, who, despite being radical or leftist, don't want to completely disengage from non-radical politics. It goes under various names, "harm reduction" being one of them or the idea that even if you don't believe you change the world by helping communities of color turn out to vote, you are still helping a community of people exercise their power and that is, at least temporarily, helping someone else's life not suck quite as much. The amount of projects that go on directed by radicals is pretty intense. Some of the better known ones are things like Food Not Bombs and various medic collectives. Free libraries was a radical thing until the liberals decided they made great YouTube content. Diaper and cold weather clothing drives, food distribution, childcare, these are all things that get organized on a community level by radical leftists. Sometimes it's just us doing it, sometimes it's us doing it in conjunction with community members, sometimes it's us going to community members who are already doing it and asking them "What do you need?" "Direct action" is a term you hear a lot and while people generally take that to mean violence, it really means to just solve a problem directly without appealing to higher authorities to take care of it. If you see a bush in an intersection that's blocking traffic visibility and you go chop it out rather than send fifteen messages to the city to fix it, that's direct action. Liberals happily capitalize on this sort of energy and you often see them sail into meetings and then get upset when they aren't immediately given the floor. They have institutional power that they want to protect and if that means people who have less power than them get dicked over until there's a way to solve the problem *without* threatening their power, that's just what it means.
Not as such. Realize that there's a lot more to the radical leftist spectrum than just Communism. In fact a lot of us get seriously annoyed by tankies. That Marx quote about "under no pretext" isn't just something to rub in right-winger's faces, there are a significant number of us who do support the right to self defense and, as an extension of that, the right to bear arms. We support the spirit of the second amendment if maybe not having as much affection for the document itself.
&gt;Those are some poor distinctions between liberals and leftists. There are fundamental contradictions in beliefs, such as the right to property and individual determination. Oh I cannot *wait* to hear the expansion of this. Do go on.
So I was never super clear on her connection to Channel Awesome and I wasn't really around on YT when that whole thing blew up. AFAIK, Ellis herself has never addressed it and most of the key people I've seen who were around at the time just sort of refer to it as "the unpleasantness." What actually happened?
You...basically just repeated yourself. I'm questioning if you understand the terms you're using, especially considering you lump "the left" all together in one ideological pile. That tells me you're not actually familiar with basically any strains of leftist thought outside what you've read described by people who don't understand either.
That's a tidy theory but it doesn't speak much to groups of people who are objectively under threat most of the time, versus most white supremacists who are generally not under any perceivable, or definable threat. You might say that it's the *nature* of the threat that's important but, again, the fact that many, many people are under the same sorts of vague and ill-defined threat and don't turn to right-wing authoritarianism. I don't think it's wrong to say people look for structure during times of stress but "structure" is not the same as authoritarianism of any stripe.
While true, be *super* careful doing this because water into boiling fat is going to pop like crazy and throw molten fat around.
"You wanna know how I got these scars?" "Sir, this is a Wendy's..."
Grab some Tajin. A friend of mine used to work for a juice place and they threw out fruit past a certain date, good or not. It meant *a lot* of bananas and yeah it definitely got to a point where I just couldn't anymore. Throw some Tajin on a banana and it tastes like a different food. It's so damn good.
Short answer: It depends. First, is your property in city limits or more rural? Obvs if you're in a city, the city will more than likely not be happy with you shooting for any reason even if it's just on your own property. City governments are notorious killjoys. Second, and this is the bigger issue, what *kind* of squirrel are you shooting? Oregon is home to a variety of different species of squirrels, some of which are state/federally protected animals. Shooting these without some sort of permit to do so is generally a no-no and while you're generally free to dispatch non-protected squirrels as you see fit, you have to be able to visually tell the difference between a squirrel that you're allowed to blast on versus one you need a permit to actually shoot. To make things *even* more complicated, there are several species of squirrels that are considered invasive and which dispatching them is actually encouraged and, again, visually they tend to look similar to other squirrels. The ODFW has a [packet](https://www.dfw.state.or.us/wildlife/living_with/docs/TreeSquirrels.pdf) that may help but ultimately it comes down to if you want to take the risk of having to deal with the state after you shot a protected species. I personally fucking hate squirrels - every property in Oregon I've lived on has had some type of damage done to it by them and there's no good way to get rid of them permanently. Even people I know who've adopted the "shoot on sight" approach have noted that they rarely stay away for too long.
Ok, so the problem is you're using terms that you seem to have decided on a meaning for, be that by reading them in a book or listening to a particular interpretation. The issue with that is that these terms have very different popular usages. We are in a time period where people who will happily support open white supremacists will comfortably call themselves "classical liberals" and where a Republican calls anything not right of Nixion "liberal" regardless of what it is. Without you going into more detail about what you're trying to say, there's really no exchange to be had.
&gt;That’s a personality type, it’s not limited to any particular ‘race’ or class or ethnicity. Considering people can and often do swing between political poles, this isn't accurate. Additionally, class concerns are one of the fundamental motivators for the support of authoritarianism. The majority of authoritarian movements and leaders in the last 100 years have risen to power or at least been birthed in large part by trading on class anxiety and antagonisms.
It is a lot of fun but just be prepared, Medieval food tended to feature a lot of sugar. And by "a lot" I mean a *fuckload* of it. I've seen examples where the guidelines for adding sugar to a meat dish, not a desert, were "handfulls." Sugar was a sign of wealth and luxury so the sweeter things were, the wealthier you were. Subsequently a lot of Medieval recipes that feature sugar that people try to recreate often taste not all that great because people making it today don't realize that the purpose of the dish is just to be basically candy to show off.
How dare you trivialize one person *potentially* being *mildly inconvenienced* on the internet! /s
Can you use a bought barrel or do you have to make your own barrel? I know you *can* make a barrel from scratch but I'm less comfortable trusting a scratch built barrel.
Our kids have been mostly removed due to extreme behavior resulting from abuse or their situation was so abusive that both parents basically went to jail and the kid had nowhere else to go. We've learned not to ask how kids who move on from our program are doing because it's a crapshoot how they end up. We've had some come back and be doing really well, some less well, some who've ended up on the news. I'm still just floored that your average cop can pull in over $100k a year and even my highest paid coworker, someone with a master's degree, is making less than $50k a year. I know it seems kinda weird to fixate on the income, especially because the majority of us are not here for the paycheck, but it tells you how much the society you're a part of values you that the kid at Starbucks is making more money than you. I'm not knocking service workers, that kid at Starbucks deserves what they're making and more, but to be part of a profession that people shower with praise only when it occurs to them that it exists and basically calls us "baby stealers" most of the rest of the time is...frustrating.
This is also why I want to slap people upside the head when they say we don't need a social safety net and we can just rely on charity to help people that need it. Have you heard about any unions that work with mental healthcare workers? I've tried to organize people at a couple places I've worked and people are either new to the field and don't want to get blackballed or they've been there a long time and they're comfortable so they don't want to rock the boat and risk their own comfortable nest.
As much as I love my "Today we were unlucky, but remember we only have to be lucky once - you will have to be lucky always." tattoo and the sentiment behind it, this isn't a major concern for the state. We're long past the time when you could cripple an army by taking out a few generals. You might be able to cause some rumbling but with the advent of modern, hardened communications anybody truly key will be miles away.
It's more about the fear that this situation represents. It's less that the government doesn't *care* about the looting, it's that a critical, core aspect of how police function failed and the fear that engenders. Police operate primarily on fear - be that fear of punishment or fear of violence. Police *try* to be intimidating. They bank on that more than anything else to do their jobs and the majority of the time, that works. The problem is what happens when that stops working? In multiple cities, that tactic failed and people overran barricades, destroyed police stations and vehicles. The looting is what everyone is focusing on and they're forgetting how. fucking. close an angry mob came from battering down the gates of the fuck mothering White House. I was watching it on livestream from several people and talking to activist friends I have in the area, most people genuinely do not realize how close a massive crowd came to overrunning the gates. I don't know if there's a more terrifying scenario in the eyes of the state.
I'm...a little fucked up right now, do we know this person's name? I'm asking because I may know them and if it is the person I'm thinking it is, the story is actually a lot worse.
&gt;Drill. Most everyone knows this but get a good one. My Milwaukee brushless can put a screw thru treated wood. Great for planters, boards etc. Also get an ok quality corded drill. Cordless drills are nice but if you have something that you're really going to have to bear down on or you need to use it hard for long periods of time and not have it lose torque due to a draining battery, a $20 corded drill is a good buy. &gt;Allen wrenches. Have your own. Great for tightening stuff around house. T-handle hex keys (we always called them hex keys) are awesome. They're a bit pricier because they're built to withstand more torsion force but a really nice set of T-handle hex keys is amazing. It's also a good idea to keep a stash of cheapo hex keys around. No tears if they break and it's handy to have them if you need to keep a hex key somewhere you don't use often. &gt;Flexible drill bit extension. Great for getting at weird angles. Personally I've never found these super useful. Maybe I just don't do a lot of stuff that requires them but the overwhelming majority of these that I've tried have been pretty gimmicky and not wildly useful. &gt;Any other tool ideas that I could use regularly that would make my life easier? * A Convincer - Basically just a small mallet/hammer. Sometimes you just need to wham on something to get something to align right or move, the double sided plastic/metal hammers are decent for this if you have something you might mar. * Alligator forceps - A bargain at twice the price. I use these almost daily for half a dozen different things. * Heat shrink tubing - Awesome to have for more than just soldering. I've used them to add strength to tubing, add strain relief to cords, add grip to a handle, keep a nut from working loose. It's great stuff to have. * BGDW/BGDS - A Big God Damned Wrench or a Big God Damned Screwdriver. Useful for all manner of things. Just get the biggest wrench or flat blade screwdriver you can find. * Calipers - Just generally fucking awesome. The cheaper ones are fine if you don't use them super often but don't go *dirt* cheap. * Heat gun - Another "useful for everything" tool. * Automatic wire strippers - If you do a lot of wire stripping, these are a fucking miracle. * Dental picks - I use these primarily for 3D printing but they're also just generally nice tools to have, just remember they can't take a *ton* of force and will bend but the price is absolutely right. * Micro screwdriver bit set - I do a lot of taking apart and fixing electronics so that means small screws. A good set of these is invaluable. * Pop rivet gun with pop rivets - These will change your fucking life. I've reattached bumpers with them, they've held shelving together, computer cases, armor. I've put a ton of things together with just a couple washers and a rivet. The handheld rivet guns are a bit awkward but once you get the hang of them. * [Finger light gloves](https://www.amazon.com/ThxToms-Flashlights-Gadgets-Handyman-Fishing/dp/B07K8G383K/ref=sr_1_11?dchild=1&amp;keywords=light+finger+gloves&amp;qid=1591473134&amp;sr=8-11) - The dumbest thing you'll ever love. They look and feel goofy as all hell but holy balls are they nice to have when you're fixing something or rooting around in the dark and can't hold a light. Buy them off AliExpress and they're like $5 a pair. * [Extension cord reel](https://www.amazon.com/Electrix-EC094-Extension-4-Outlet-20-Foot/dp/B0082JNIYG/ref=sxts_sxwds-bia-wc-p13n1_0?cv_ct_cx=extension+cord+reel&amp;dchild=1&amp;keywords=extension+cord+reel&amp;pd_rd_i=B0082JNIYG&amp;pd_rd_r=3066696e-c6b7-4378-b39f-07811a2d9a9f&amp;pd_rd_w=kExZl&amp;pd_rd_wg=41mxv&amp;pf_rd_p=7f71fdcf-aa37-4d97-b40d-864dcfdc13e5&amp;pf_rd_r=18M7HVKVHY8688CJ685Y&amp;psc=1&amp;qid=1591473307&amp;sr=1-1-beb77b32-1078-477f-b152-b09baa1ee7f7) - These come in different styles depending on their intended use but they're awesome. I used to really not want to work with certain tools because it meant I had to fight with an extension cord. With these you don't have to and you only take out as much cord as you need. --- My personal wishlist: * An app that will identify a fastener with the camera. I have so many little tiny screws and nuts that I just have no fucking idea what they are. There are screw/nut gauges out there but they only really cover the common sizes and tend not to go very small. * Long-term stable Sugru. I really, really like the *concept* of Sugru but I absolutely hate that once you buy it, you start the clock and that clock is maybe six months where you have to use *all* of the Sugru you bought or it goes to waste. Even if you don't open the little packets, the Sugru will cure inside the packets and be useless. I've found some Chinese knock-off Sugru that works ok but it has a cure time of up to a week and it's not pleasant to work with or easy to get.
Serious question: You don't want to impose any limits at all as to what people can organize under, I'm willing to bet you're not a fan of us regular folk going after white supremacists and doxxing them or confronting them in the street. What the actual fuck are we supposed to do about them? Like I really don't understand what people who are concerned about the resurgence of white supremacy and neo-nazism in the US actually expect to happen when they take absolutely zero steps to actively prevent these sorts of groups from taking root.
&gt;As an employer, I would want to know the person im hiring committed a felony. Why? If they've completed a prison sentence for a crime, then why is it any concern of yours at all?
So...make fun of them? What exactly is that supposed to do?
Usually the cost is more than the shirt itself. They're frequently made of things like duck cloth which is difficult to sew so the price usually goes up.
Yes. Again, if someone has committed a crime, served their sentence, and completed their parole with no problems then why does what they've done bear on the future? We as a society need to decide what breaking the law actually means because we seem to have this attitude that once you break the law, that's just it and you're a marked person forever. At what point does your punishment for a crime actually stop? At what point have you "repaid your debt to society?" Because if the answer to that is "you can't ever" then is it really any shock that our recidivism rate is so high?
&gt;for basically all of human history Ok....how is this relevant to right now? &gt;There is nothing any person or law can do about this. Criminal records are public information Uhhh it's not impossible to make criminal records *not* public information. That is a thing that can be done. We do it for minors. &gt;Criminal records are public information for good reasons Such as? &gt;private background check companies will keep that information forever. Again, there's literally nothing preventing us from passing a law reclassifying criminal records as private information and penalizing companies that publicize it.
/r/Pizza has a dough recipe on their wiki. I've made it literally over a thousand times by now and it works very well.
&gt;Diminish their message. **What does that mean?** You keep throwing out these sort of bumpersticker vagueisms instead of actually telling people what they can do &gt;I don’t know if you’ve noticed but the number of white supremacists in this country isn’t very much. I don't know if you've noticed but it really doesn't take that many to cause problems. Also, *that's kind of the entire fucking point.* Problems that are addressed when they are small do not become impossible to address when they are large. &gt;An unrelated example... And thus irrelevant.
&gt;Be wise I don’t want more than bumpersticker vague isms. I'm guessing this was a typo somehow because, if not, this is saying the quiet part really, really loud. &gt;even people you don’t like This has nothing to do with personal like or dislike. What it comes down to is these are people that are organizing deliberately to hurt and kill other people, full stop. If you want to think that you're somehow superior to other people based solely on your skin tone or masturbate to Hitler speeches, I genuinely do not care. Your mind is yours to waste as you see fit and if you're going to waste it on just being a shit tier human who squats in their one bedroom apartment all day posting the n-word on the internet like some sort of goblin, that's your choice. I'm not going to buy you a beer, but it's your choice to do that. Where it stops becoming "you do you" is when you actively reach out into the world and try to actualize your beliefs. When you start trying to encourage other people to go on killing sprees or you harass journalists or even just people online or you try and spread misinformation to get people hurt or killed or you give money to projects whose specific, stated goal is to encourage terrorism. That's where "you do you" stops. There was a video a while back from a protest where there was a Proud Boy or some other waste of carbon who'd been in a fight with antifascist activists. The shot was of him walking fast away but he was stopped by a bunch of antifascists and they told him to take off his shirt, the implication being that they'd beat the shit out of him if he didn't. He kept saying "I'm done, I'm done, I'm going home, I'm leaving, **I didn't think it would be like this."** The activists wouldn't let him leave until he'd taken off the shirt and left in just his t-shirt. The bolded part is the key piece - he was plenty happy to harass people online and threaten violence and he was even willing to get out there and get in a fight, so long as it was a wildly one-sided fight and he was on the winning side. He was happy to hurt people *as long as it had no consequences for him.* The second that being a garbage monster posed even the possibility of a threat, he was done and wanted to go home. Doxx them. Show their communities who they are and let the people around them decide "Do we want someone like this at our church or at our business or at our club?" Let their family see who they are. If they're so proud of who they are and own their ideology, let them explain it to their loved ones why they think it's ok to message a woman on Twitter they don't like and send them rape threats. We don't need to go out and find people and hurt them. There's absolutely no need to be proactive about it. But there should be a proportional response - these people absolutely will back down if they see they can get hit back.
I'd be curious to see how the legal argument would go if you got into an altercation with an officer covering their badge number. "I encountered a group of people dressed like police but they had no names and no badge numbers."
Gun bans that target specific features can be an issue for a manufacturer. If it's an AR, that's fine, just don't make that part anymore. But if it's something that's more integral to a firearm's overall function then the manufacturer has to consider if they want to redesign to meet the new criteria or just stop selling there altogether. H&amp;K is *not* going to redesign. Dealing with selling guns in the US is complicated and that combined with a manufacturer who tends to not like taking risks or letting other people handle their business plus consumer sales not being a large focus of their business means H&amp;K isn't a bigger player in the US gun market.
H&amp;K is a *very* hands-on company. They really don't like to "offload" things for other people to handle. Which means they'd have to start dealing with the whole mess themselves. For them, it's worth it to have that extra guarantee that nobody is making them look bad by doing a bad job. Smart or not, that's how they prefer to run their ship. Furthermore, H&amp;K prides itself on design. Part of the appeal that H&amp;K banks on for its consumer market is precisely that - you know an H&amp;K by the way it looks. You don't even have to see any details, just the outline and you know it's an H&amp;K. Start swapping things out, even if they're just cosmetic things, and you change the design of the gun. H&amp;K doesn't want that. They don't want to have to build in considerations so it's easier for you to make changes. You will have what they give you or you won't have it at all. Also it's worth noting that H&amp;K's primary market isn't consumer, at least not for most of the guns that people really want. Their primary customers are law enforcement and military contracts with consumer sales being secondary priority. That means they're not going to go that extra mile to cater to consumers and why their stuff is always going to be priced in the "do you want it or not?" range and why they're slow or unresponsive to consumer demand. They're fine with being a niche, luxury product that does what it wants regardless of what the unwashed hordes want. Most big gun makers make their revenue from contracts (law enforcement and military) and consumer sales. The ratio changes depending on what the weather is like for each and consumer sales usually help keep the show going between contracts. This has been the dynamic of the gun industry in the US since the days when your only real options were Colt, Remington, and Winchester. H&amp;K, for whatever reason, has decided they don't want to go that traditional route and want to focus on contract sales rather than consumer ones. Given that they've been in a bit of a trouble spot in the last few years, they may shift focus somewhat and we might start seeing more H&amp;K guns in the US. I'm not defending them but I do understand why they've made some of the choices they've made and it remains to be seen if they were good choices or not.
So two things. First, these folks are [the Black Panther Revolutionaries,](https://decaturish.com/2020/06/presence-of-new-black-panther-party-members-at-decatur-protest-raises-questions-and-concerns/) not the New Black Panther Party. Second, gods. fucking. *dammit.*
I can't answer for what she specifically means but it's a sentiment I've heard from a number of folks. &gt;"Why do you burn down the community? It's not ours. We don't own anything." Is she talking about ownership? i.e., they don't own their homes but are renting? Or is she talking about her disconnect with the community, which perhaps is primarily white/other, and she feels like an outsider? The two are connected. It's hard to feel like you're part of a community when you're not really able to meaningfully own much of it. Housing is part of it, when you're in a position where you can't afford to purchase and virtually all of the people you're renting from are white, it helps underscore the feeling of being second class. There are black owned businesses but a lot of them are kind of at the mercy of larger multinationals or city planners that overwhelmingly are white. Once someone outside the community decides they want a part of it, they tend to get their way. The Target she's talking about likely displaced dozens of local businesses, many of which were probably black owned or were at least owned by people who lived in that community as a part of it. &gt;Or is she talking about the social contract of the police? Because it seems to me, that's what she's talking about ( and if it is, why is she bringing up ownership) - which again, doesn't make sense: what does this broken social contract between herself/race and the police have to do with her community which she is burning down? The social contract is basically "you be chill, we keep you safe, you develop your community, we protect you." She, and a lot of others, feel like they've put the work in to try and make a life for themselves and make a community and been repeatedly left behind, ignored, or outright targeted largely on the basis of their race. She's essentially asking "Why should I bet upset about parts of a community being destroyed that we don't own nor do we really have a say in what happens with them?" She's not promoting the destruction of private property, she's asking why she should be upset about damage to a community that the people who live in it are not considered part of, at least not part of enough to warrant meaningful autonomy.
Not wearing them *for the right reason* would not have been a slap in the face. If they had said "We understand why you want us to wear these, however because of public perceptions now for us to wear them will likely be seen as tokenizing and provoke a backlash for us and for you," that would have probably flown better. Given that the Democrat's response to this entire thing has been, to put it in the most charitable terms possible, tepid at best gestures of solidarity, however well intended, ring incredibly hollow from the Democratic establishment. Most people see them as unwilling to take a hard stand and only willing to show support when it's as non-threatening as possible.
I doubt very much that everyone having a gun is somehow going to magically prevent mass shootings. Mass violence, regardless of the tool used, is a problem that happens due to a number of different factors within a society. The fact that many other places have problems with mass violence despite a lack of firearms should be a strong indicator in that direction. For a lot of us, firearm ownership is an existential question. There are definitely people out there who wish us active harm and even death. They'll happily tell you about it in the right subs or at a protest. Even worse, (IMHO) is the even greater number of people who would be upset...but realistically not *that* upset if a bunch of right wingers started murdering leftists, queer and trans folks, or POC. Liberals have shown over and over again that, in a tight spot, they can't be trusted. The police, obviously, can't be looked to for safety. So what do we have left? We have us. We have our communities, or friends, our families. There's leftists who talk about buying guns "for the revolution" but, realistically, I think most of us know that, if we're going to use our guns at all, it's far more likely that we're going to be using them defensively than in some grand revolutionary street battle. I don't want to hurt anybody. I want to be left alone, grow my own food, read books, go for walks in the woods. But I also know that there are people out there who want the opposite. They've already killed people, they've already shown a contempt for the lives of people they dislike. I don't want to have to need a firearm but more than that I don't want to need a firearm but not have one.
So there are two basic responses. First, I've met and talked at length with the people who run it. If they're alt-right in disguise they're the best fucking actors in a generation. Alt-right and general fashy wastes of carbon *suck* at infiltrating leftist spaces. There's a reason why right-wing chat logs keep getting posted and not ones from leftist places - the right has no fucking idea how to pretend to be a leftist in any way that doesn't either scream "POLICE" or "INFILTRATOR" within a second of opening their mouths. They try to talk like a leftist but it just sounds like a vague mishmash of stereotyped leftist talking points with zero nuance. Even the baby leftists don't manage to sound as out of place as a right winger trying to sound like a leftist. Second, if they've infiltrated, so what? We're not doing anything illegal and most of us are careful to protect our personal information, even in spaces like the SRA where we're pretty sure most people are legit. What? Are they going to sift through hundreds of posts about people getting into ideological shin kicking contests looking for dirt? Are they going to whine about how the left makes better memes? At worst they'll be bored, at best they'll find some sense in what we have to say and even if they don't join they'll leave their fashy nonsense behind.
&gt;"Hey why are you carrying those?". I told him I got back from the shooting range and was just walking them in from my car. I probably wouldn't have mentioned that. At most I'd have probably gone with "Just putting them away." They may not have known what they were but you mentioning shooting range confirmed it. &gt;He said that I really shouldn't be carrying them around and that I was being irresponsible. "Thank you for your concern but there's no risk." &gt;Do you all think I handled the situation correctly, how would you all have handled it? Overall, yeah it was pretty good. I tend to err on the side of not letting people know I own guns, especially around where I live. Neighbors are chatty and all it takes is someone throwing a firecracker for a neighbor that knows you own at least *a* gun to call the cops and say "I just heard a gunshot in my complex, I know the guy in 11B has a gun!" Or they talk to a friend who has a friend who is hard up for cash and decides they want to wait until you're gone and break in to help themselves to your guns. But overall it was pretty good. There really wasn't a graceful way out of that situation but, all in all, it went pretty well. --- There's a lot of replies along the lines of "fuck off." While I agree telling someone who is objectively being nosy to go pound sand is satisfying, it also has the potential to backfire on you. Say the couple goes and calls the cops and tells them you have an illegal gun or whatever. The cops, being the mild mannered, even keeled souls they tend to be drop by and ring your doorbe--and by that I mean they kick in your fucking door and treat you like they've caught an international gun runner. They toss your place looking for hidden guns, then eventually leave once they figure out everything is in order. Not worth the few extra seconds it takes to just deal with the situation and move on with your life. OP did the right thing.
I'd love to but Childers has been sold out of most of their jigs for a hot minute and, given the ongoing unpleasantness, it's unlikely you'll be able to get hold of anything anytime soon. Unfortunately 3D printed jigs may be where it's at for some time.
I'm still learning Fusion360 and that's a bit beyond me at the moment. Eventually I'll get there.
Unless you're experienced with 3D printing, I wouldn't try it for anything more than aesthetics or for making a template for a mold. For starters, it's going to take *days* to print. Throwing a quick model in from [here](http://dildo-generator.com/#) (don't ask) at 100% infill Cura returns a print time of a day and a half using 688g of filament. You could do less infill but why? Anything less and you run the risk of breakage or, more likely, there being a gap that allows human juice or other materials into one of the cells created by the infill pattern which gives you a problem we'll talk about in a minute. Assuming it prints perfectly the first time (lol) you're looking at probably $15 worth of just filament if you use PLA and then you have to smooth it out. If you don't smooth it, you will almost guaranteed get human juice stuck in a crevice and that's going to breed bacteria that will then be transfered to the next person to use it. With the layer lines and potential breaks, there's no way to guarantee it's clean. So now you have to do something to smooth it. Again, if it's PLA, you have to sand it and sanding PLA, while doable, is an enormous pain in the dick and takes forever. Other filaments will require other types of smoothing agents which means more $. Even food safe resins aren't designed to go into the body, plus you have to ensure that the coating is even and unbroken to get the protective benefits. By the time you're done with all this, you'll have spent more money than you would have on an actual toy and ended up with something that's worse quality and potentially harmful to the health of anyone using it. If you absolutely must do this, do what others have suggested and just get the silicone and make a mold. It'll be cattywampus but it at least won't end with an extremely uncomfortable trip to the ER.
That's dope but I really hope that's screwed into a stud. Screws in drywall tend to not like a lot of wiggling and constantly using a hook held in only by screws is going to pull them loose.
Acting shitty has consequences. There's no way around that. I see no need to protect people from the consequences of their own actions. You absolutely have the freedom to say what you want but that doesn't protect you from the consequences thereof. If someone is going to voice shitty opinions, they have to do that knowing that it's extremely likely that someone is going to take exception to that. If people are suggesting a pitchfork mob because he puts mustard in his PB&amp;J, then yeah I agree that's a disproportionately negative response. But you don't get to air toxic views and expect no one to respond to that.
I'd look at quickbreads, some basic homemade pasta, lean chicken.
.223 is basically nowhere to be found except at ludicrous prices right now. It's super frustrating to see it go from $6-$8 a box to $12-$14.
Awesome, thank you.
Hopefully this will help reinvigorate the community. It seems to be seriously deflating. EDIT: Am I missing something? The IRC population has plunged, most of the sites for blueprints have effectively stopped, the actual participating population on here has dipped. What else could that mean?
Those "cringe" compilations are ridiculous. Anything that consists of a quick snapshot and "lol isn't this person stupid!?" is ridiculous. It's rageporn pure and simple. As to people that typically get termed "SJW's" a lot of them are people whose knowledge on a particular subject is imperfect or needs context to make sense to someone who doesn't already accept that idea. There's a real tendency to discount ideas if they can't be communicated completely in 280 characters or less or as a *sick burn.* "Oh so what's an example of systemic racism if it's so prevalent?" This is a question where the answer isn't easy to boil down into one or two sentences. You could say "The fact that most people in prison today are POC despite POC being objectively fewer in number than white people in the US" and while that's technically true, there's a lot more that goes with that to put that answer in a usable context. As it is, it's a malformed answer because of its brevity. In large part this is due to online debating tactics creeping into discussions where brevity and wit is more important than the ability to actually articulate a concept. It's like asking for a one paragraph explanation about how to build a jet liner - you *can* do it but the result is not going to be particularly helpful to anybody because it's missing so much other information. This is the bread and butter of smug right-wing fuckwads like Crowder - ask a question with a complicated answer and then watch as someone gives a poor answer then accuse them of not knowing anything about it if they tell you that there's no simple answer to that question. A lot of the "SJW" crowd has good intentions and do genuinely want to make the world a better place but at the same time there's also a tendency among that crowd to favor speaking over listening even if you don't have a solid handle on the information. And again, most of the people that get called "SJWs" get called that on the basis of one interaction or clip where they weren't on the ball. These sorts of "gotcha" moments are as revealing as a lead curtain, nobody steps out of the house expecting and prepared to get into an ideological discussion with another person about their beliefs. If you are that kind of person, I'll wager you don't get invited to many parties.
I mean people still play the fuck out of "Fortunate Son."
&gt;Unlikely, because the will forever bare this mark thanks to the internet. She won't have an opportunity to correct herself, because there is nothing she can do to fix it. Uhhh most fuckups as an adult tend to be like that... &gt;What will this lead to? She'll most likely strengthen her racist beliefs by being with the only group that will take her in, other racist. Or she'll learn from the experience that her racist beliefs are unwelcome in the public space and keep them to herself from now on or she'll take this as a learning experience. Realistically, she'll probably have a pile of offers for work from a myriad of people who believe the same things she does or at least don't disagree enough to refuse her work. &gt;If we want real change then we should accept her (not her racist beliefs) and spend time and love to show her how she is wrong. Give her a loving placing where she can change and improve. The problem is people who act like this don't think they need to improve or change in any meaningful way.
&gt;While you’re not wrong I don’t like the totem pole of oppression version. It leads to some really broken outcomes. A *malformed understanding* of oppression leads to broken outcomes. &gt;I think it needs to be taught that all people can be oppressors or oppressed and allow anyone to explain why a group you’re a part may be engaging in oppressive behavior towards another. This isn't wholly unreasonable but it's dangerously close to "all lives matter." If we make significant progress towards addressing issues of systemic oppression, I'm willing to bet we'll find that instances of historically oppressed groups leveraging other people into that position will shrink as well.
It also doesn't help that a lot of people who have had genuinely unpleasant lives tend not to think of themselves as privileged. My boss at work is square in that camp. His childhood was pretty rough from his account vis a vis his immediate family and because of that he tends to assert that "white privilege didn't help me out any." He doesn't have the perspective to understand that, while his childhood was bad, whiteness could have been the determining factor in it not being worse. We work with kids who've been removed from their homes due to abuse and he tends to assert that a lot of them are white and have objectively horrifying backgrounds, literal nightmare fuel. I usually point out that the fact that they're at a facility at all speaks to the access they have to resources that are far less readily available to other social groups.
I'm guessing by "we" you mean white folks (this is reddit so I feel fairly safe in making that leap.) White folks tend to have real problems discussing *any* issues in the black community largely because we tend to want to prescribe a particular problem and a cause without meaningful input from the community. "There seems to be a problem with violence in the black community." "Well we tend to be poorer and have less access to the types of resources that allow us to solve problems and deal with aggression in healthy, constructive ways and that situation exists because we tend to make up an economic underclass in the US for various historical and political reasons." "Mmm....it's the rap music, isn't it? Yeah. It's the rap music causing it." Like that's *kind of* tongue in cheek but the number of times I've seen this exact conversation go down is mind boggling. And granted it's not easy to poll an entire community about how they want to see a particular problem solved, especially when that solution is different in a lot of cases and you're working against literally hundreds of years of social and political momentum...but that still tends to mean that white people tend to have attitudes towards black folks that range from paternalistic to outright hatred and frequently don't want to do any of the work to understand the situation or the historical context. "I don't see color" is the liberal "woke" way of saying "I don't want to do any work that relates to understanding things so I'm just going to drop a blanket statement and move on with my life." There is a real preference for wanting to assume that just everything is equal now and everyone has equal access to everything.
IIRC they do make specialized resins that are [intended for use in more mechanically demanding applications](https://youtu.be/o5Cv9fvajrc?list=WL&amp;t=452) and can withstand more force than basic resin. That said, I haven't looked into it in depth because I haven't gotten into resin printing as of yet.
That doesn't seem to exist except as a "couples dating" app with a very low population.
You *can* vapor smooth with PLA but you need some pretty caustic/toxic chemicals to do it so it's not recommended.
&gt;How’s it close to all lives matter? Because it does the same thing that "all lives matter" does - erase the differences between people's situations and try to generalize the experience of oppression into a binary "is" or "is not." &gt; All lives matter is a direct refutation of black lives matter. Mmm it depends who's using it. There are people who use the phrase because they want to be seen as centrists or "neutral" and not favoring any particular side. In reality they're generally people who don't want to do the hard work of unpacking social dynamics and history and it's just easier to say "all lives matter." In other cases, it's people deliberately ignoring what the phrase "black lives matter" actually means and inserting an "only" in front of the phrase that was never there to begin with.
The only thing I can do is share [this](https://i.redd.it/0itz82qi2l251.jpg) and hope it makes sense. &gt;It’s doesn’t support any binary, in fact it refutes the binary. It’s says just because you experience oppression here doesn’t mean you don’t oppress over there. And in the context of the illustration, what you're basically doing is saying "I understand that that house is on fire and that's a problem, but we also need to stop and acknowledge the fact that this other house has severe dry rot and termite damage and we need to talk about that if we're going to save these houses." Literally nobody worth listening to is saying "*only* black lives matter" or that there shouldn't *at some point* be discussions about things like what sort of oppression does just living in modern America contribute to regardless of other factors. What we're saying is that right this second is not when we need to have those conversations because it both drains energy from attempts to fix this particular problem and because the other problem *can't* be addressed in any meaningful way until the first one is taken care of. Trying to treat a house for dry rot and termites doesn't do any good if the neighborhood is burning down around it.
&gt; I think it's probably just because they're running out That's actually exactly why they made that promise. They must have paid for Prime Shipping because two days later they broke that promise.
While you are technically correct, it's important to realize that water doesn't neutralize the chemicals, it just pulls them off the skin. The problem is you need *a lot* of water to do this - hence why chemical eyewash stations and showers in labs will dump large amounts of water and even then it's recommended you stay there for at least 15 minutes. You generally can't carry that much water with you when you're protesting so you have to use other means. Milk *can* work in a pinch but it is not recommended.
Serious question. I've pointed out for *years* that generally when you remove the influences of a police and political structure whose primary tool is fear and intimidation that instances of crime and violence drop, but a recent objection I've heard from people who are at least pro *concept* of police is "How do we know that crime is dropping because there's no one to report it to?" How do you usually respond to that? I usually point out that the people who actually stay/live in these places will tell you that this is the case but that usually prompts some kind of "these people don't have a community-wide view" or "they're not going to be honest because they don't want to reflect poorly on the community."
I mean...that's a dandy thought if you aren't someone who relies on a particular medicine or treatment in order for every single day not to be either in massive amounts of pain or, y'know, alive. I think there's a real argument to avoid animal testing on things like makeup, personal hygiene products, etc but having had to work with people who quite literally owe their entire lives to medical research that was developed with animal testing I have a lot harder of a time telling someone "Your life is worth less than an animal's."
I would be a bit hesitant to use a plastic grinder for a couple reasons. First, most printable plastics tend to be porous and even if the plastic isn't there are small cracks and crevices between layers that can trap food and are difficult or impossible to clean. Crushing up herbs would put a decent amount of plant material into the machine that would be difficult to remove, not great if you want to avoid different flavors of herbs blending together. Second, I try to minimize the amount of plastic intake and grinding wheels are going to put a non-trivial amount of plastic into whatever they're contacting.
&gt;I also owe my entire life due to medical treatments that were developed using animals. This is an almost completely unrelated fact. Not at all. It's important to recognize that, especially because that is likely to be the case going forward. We need to ask where the development of new medical treatments that rely on testing or experimentation with animal subjects is going to come from. If things aren't tested on animals, where are they going to be tested? People are likely going to be test subjects - be they voluntary subjects as part of a drug trial program or patients who are going to be accepting these treatments that may or may not be safe for them. In the former, who do you think is going to make up these drug trials? It's likely going to be poor people who feel they have little choice but to sell their bodies and shoulder the risk of experimental treatments to spare the wealthy that risk. These treatments *are* going to be tested, one way or the other. The question is who do you want to be on the receiving end of that testing? Poor people who have to subject themselves to these trials to help pay the bills or patients who have to roll the dice with no idea what the outcomes will be? What do you think insurance companies are going to do? They're either going to restrict new treatments as "untested" and therefore not covered or they'll prioritize allowing them with poor people but refuse to cover any complications. &gt;Saying that an anti-animal torturer should abstain from medicine created through animals is like saying that an Anti-Capitalist should abstain from medicine created by corporations. You're right, that's very silly, which is why I didn't say that. &gt;Value has nothing to do with it. I think that 10 people's lives are more valuable than 1, but I would refuse to kidnap and torture one in order to research a cure for a disease that might help 10 others. Does that mean that I "value groups of 1 people over 10"? There are options beyond that binary. There's choices between "nothing" and "horrifying torture."
This is the part that infuriates me. I work in mental health making several orders of magnitude less than these cops do. I receive far less training and zero protective equipment or backup to call in. If I so much as slap someone who may legitimately be trying to end my life, I can be arrested, charged, and sent to prison. At bare minimum I *will* be fired. If I put hands on someone who is not actively trying to hurt themselves or someone else, I can be arrested, charged, and sent to prison. At bare minimum I *will* be fired. To be clear, I don't want the ability to hurt the people I work with and get away with it. I think the standards are a little...lopsided but I don't wholly disagree with them. I'm in a position of power over another person, I 100% should have someone breathing down my neck ready to shitcan me if I fuck up. Why in the *fuck* do I have professional standards that are astronomically higher than the police despite getting paid astronomically less?
Currently, I work with children and while the younger ones aren't really a physical threat, the older ones can absolutely maim you. We've had staff had their teeth knocked out, broken bones, eyes damaged, and multiple hospitalizations from 12 or 13 year olds that just don't give a fuck and want to hurt someone. Before this, I worked with adults with special needs. There were multiple occasions where I had to deal with someone who weighed twice what I do armed with a knife or a pair of scissors or a broken chair or something else and wanted to take their anger out on me. We are governed by the fact that it is *our job* to walk into situations that could be dangerous or potentially lethal and handle them with as little harm to the person we're working with as possible. We do get some training but it's 90% ass covering for the organization. We're told flat out "this is your job, if you can't handle that, don't do this job." Part of it comes from a history where people in this profession acted in some truly horrifying ways towards people they were placed in charge of. The mental health system in the US before about the 70's was legitimately torture in a lot of places and oversight was virtually non-existent. Sexual assault of patients was routine, physical abuse was the norm, and anybody who caused problems just got a fistfull of pills or ECT until they just stopped being a problem. Or they just got the shit beaten out of them. Remember, this was the era where lobotomies were considered a valid treatment for a wide range of different problems, many of which amounted to "won't act the way we expect people to act." If you can, find someone who worked in a psych ward, especially a state run facility, in the 40's and 50's. Talk to them about what they saw. The mental health system as a whole was where cops are now and at a certain point people said "Enough, this is unacceptable, we cannot treat people this way." It's far from perfect and I'd argue it goes a little too far the other direction in some instances but given where we were in the 60's and 70's, we're a lot better off as are the people we work with. The core of it is we are voluntarily signing up to do this job knowing what we might face. If we were seriously injured, there absolutely would be an investigation and the organization you work for may get in trouble if they failed in some way to provide the person injured with proper support but we're still bound by state law such that we cannot physically lash out at the people under our care for any reason. We can physically restrain them via an approved series of steps and physical positions we can take if they're being violent but we can get in *serious* trouble for "improvising." I can absolutely guarantee you that, at any of the jobs in mental health that I've had, anyone doing what the cops did to Floyd would have been fired and likely charged with abuse as would anyone else working alongside that cop.
A lot of it is this. I've been a radical leftist for several decades and a lot of people around me and that I care about are people that the police represent a greater threat to their safety than anything else. The police, for us, represent a dangerous group of people who tend to escalate conflict and precipitate violence. We sure as fuck can't rely on liberals for protection, they'll watch people die and write thinkpieces about it for weeks before doing anything meaningful. There's a rising number of people who are pretty comfortable with lethal violence against POC, LGBTQ+ people, and "political enemies." They have weapons and the police don't seem particularly motivated to keep them in check. Firearm ownership is literally an existential question for a lot of us. The only people we can rely on is ourselves and our community.
An AR will virtually never sell for more than you paid for it. There's so fucking many of them, they're going to be the Mosins of the future. Even the sooooper custom ones, why pay $2,500 for one when you can spend half that, buy exactly the parts you want and get exactly what you want, often for less? Unless a gun is particularly unique/special/interesting it likely won't go up in value for a very long time and won't have much direct trade value.
Because it's not illegal to have a lot of paperwork and take your time with it. You'd have to prove that they're deliberately spinning out wait times and it not just being a product of not enough people to do the job quickly. You could submit a FOIA request to the ATF regarding policies about how fast paperwork gets processed. That'd be the fastest way to see if they have any deliberate policies to add artificial delays into the process. I'd be willing to bet that it's not deliberate and it's more a product of bureaucrats bureaucrating. The ATF doesn't really gain anything by dragging their feet to that degree.
Check with the range first but most are probably going to be ok with it. I'd also double check with the people shooting around you that you may catch on camera. Nobody knows what you're doing and they can get antsy being filmed by someone, even accidentally, when they don't know what the person is doing.
That would be a stepper motor. I had the same problem and after thoroughly tearing it down and rebuilding it, the only solution I found was to replace the stepper motors themselves. A silent board may help but if there's a problem with the motor itself (unlikely but possible) it will still make noise when it moves even with a silent board. New steppers aren't expensive.
It is possible that it could be reverberation within the print itself. Prints can make odd sounds in response to vibrations, especially with hollow supports. I'd run it for a few more (different) prints and see if it continues. If it doesn't stop regardless of the print, chances are good it's the stepper.
He's not strictly right but he's not strictly wrong either. The quote is from [2017](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/noam-chomsky-antifa-is-a-major-gift-to-the-right) and, at that point, the number of people who would actively call themselves "antifa" was relatively small and it was still kind of an "in" thing on the radical left. This was when the term and indeed the concept was first being introduced to the wider public so he's not strictly wrong that a confrontational approach to anti-fascism wasn't widely popular. A lot of people were still grappling with the idea that fascism was even resurgent at that point. He's also right in the sense that direct confrontation with fascists can absolutely be a gift to the right and we see that when an image of an old guy bleeding from the face goes viral after a brawl at a protest with spicy titles like "ANTIFA ATTACKS INNOCENT BYSTANDER." Only later do we find out that the "innocent bystander" was actually part of the right-wing demonstration and had deliberately attacked a group of counter-protesters with a baton and been given a sound thrashing. Eventually the truth comes out but most people miss that part and they score a PR win. That said, such confrontations almost never go down in favor of the fascists because they almost always lose actual street battles - they may win a PR victory but it tends to be a Phyrric one and the actual people go home dismayed to yell at each other. He's wrong because I think he under-estimates (as many do) the willingness and capability of the left to respond to aggression in kind. There are *a lot* more guns on the left than most people realize, we're just less prone to plastering PMAG and Glock stickers all over our cars. And, again, when things go down there tend to be numerically more people on the side of the left. We usually win in street battles. We can doxx the *fuck* out of fash - rad left Twitter is amazingly fast in outing people and informing their places of work about the leanings of a particular employee. Take a look at the recent dumps from right-wing Discords/chats. There's a persistent belief that the left is weak, unwilling to fight, or generally just incapable and when someone pipes up with "Uhhh...are we sure about that?" they get shut down. That belief from Chomsky that the left can't really bring the noise the way the right can is understandable, Chomsky isn't really sitting there reading forums or going to bookfairs. He's a sharp dude but he's not plugged in the way more contemporary leftists are and I'd be willing to bet he'd be surprised if you sat down with him and took him through things like the SRA and the former Redneck Revolt.
It's the exact same line that was used when tasers first really became a thing police used. I don't have the article on hand but there was a review of uses of tasers for a particular police department over a span of a year after the tasers were introduced and they found that the year prior there were something like 12 instances of lethal force. The next year the tasers were used over 300 times. So in that particular police department, for *mysterious* reasons, police needed to go from using their firearms 12 times in a year to a theoretical over 300 but for the use of the tasers. Thank gods tasers were issued right before such a massive crime wave. /s Police can and will always abuse anything that allows them to inflict pain on someone else. Pain compliance is one of the key tools of policing in the US.
Couple reasons (in no specific order): * It's good exercise to carry a bit of weight around with you and get used to handling the rifle while moving. * The glass doubles as a monocular. * There are animals that may take exception to your presence or might need some convincing (usually just a shot into a nearby tree) to remind them that you're not worth it. * There are people in the woods who are varying levels of friendly and sometimes a visible firearm can communicate the message to them that you're not worth their time. The last point is especially important, at least where I am, when you get into the woods because there's a tradition of illegal-ish marijuana grow ops and the people who run those tend not to like uninvited guests. This is less of a problem these days because weed is legal here but some of those individuals have migrated to things like meth while retaining their usual dislike of company. Then there are the folks that just plain don't want you there. They've decided that this particular region of the woods is theirs and you don't get to be there and will enforce this with varying degrees of aggression.
This is lovely and all but it's worth pointing out that there's [very real evidence](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2020/06/protests-covid-outdoor-masks.html) that the protests have not contributed to outbreaks in any statistically measurable way.
I'm confused what you actually looked at. The DSM-V's criteria for clinical depression are pretty clear: "The individual must be experiencing five or more symptoms during the same 2-week period and at least one of the symptoms should be either (1) depressed mood or (2) loss of interest or pleasure." * Depressed mood most of the day, nearly every day. * Markedly diminished interest or pleasure in all, or almost all, activities most of the day, nearly every day. * Significant weight loss when not dieting or weight gain, or decrease or increase in appetite nearly every day. * A slowing down of thought and a reduction of physical movement (observable by others, not merely subjective feelings of restlessness or being slowed down). * Fatigue or loss of energy nearly every day. * Feelings of worthlessness or excessive or inappropriate guilt nearly every day. * Diminished ability to think or concentrate, or indecisiveness, nearly every day. * Recurrent thoughts of death, recurrent suicidal ideation without a specific plan, or a suicide attempt or a specific plan for committing suicide. "To receive a diagnosis of depression, these symptoms must cause the individual clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning. The symptoms must also not be a result of substance abuse or another medical condition."
That makes sense. Methylphenidate is a stimulant and stopping stimulants can make you quite sick if you don't do it properly (and even then sometimes if you do.) Methylphenidate is also habit forming so, yeah, the longer you're on it the more of a dependence you have the potential to develop.
I've only recently started poking around, mainly out of curiosity because I work in the mental health field, but there are some distinct trends I've noticed. There are a lot of people who have very valid points in that they were either not helped or seriously hurt by a mental health professional. That's a 100% valid reason to be angry but there's a tendency to want to turn that pain against the rest of the profession as a whole without stopping to ask if this particular person may have been doing something they shouldn't have been or if you simply weren't getting the care you needed. This veers sharply into irresponsibility when these same people seek out other people in crisis and start sabotaging measurable gains made in therapy or with a mental health professional. There are people who do outright dangerous things like tell people to stop taking medication immediately without consulting a doctor and that can be unwise at best and outright lethal at worst. A lot of people don't understand various aspects of their treatment or they've been led to believe things from various sources that make them resistant to treatment or to the idea that they even have an issue that needs to be worked on. There are people here addressing genuine problems with the way we handle mental health and raising valid points that get glossed over or ignored by the majority of the professional mental health community for largely self-serving reasons. That said, there are also people here trying to exorcise their demons in ways that range from unproductive to toxic.
Just...no. Just take the medication the way you're supposed to take it. If you feel it isn't helping or there are side effects that you don't like, talk to your doctor and tell them so you can find something else that works.
Who. Fucking. Cares.
All true, but you don't go off them based on second-hand YouTube videos.
It's worth considering that medication meant to stabilize your situation caused that change. Such dramatic change *is* absolutely something to talk to someone about.
They will brown a small amount in that time but it's negligible. OP, you generally can't store cut potatoes very long without something going awry. I'd suggest maybe letting/teaching your daughter to cut them herself if you're that worried. A little oxidation is not the end of the world.
While this can absolutely be true, it's more that a rapid cycling of psychiatrists can indicate someone who is diagnosis shopping and if a clinician suspects that you're diagnosis shopping they're less likely to want to do anything intensive.
While I don't disagree with that assessment, we don't yet have information that correlates to that. Most of the re-open protests were fairly small.
In Oregon you're fine. Generally speaking, Oregon's gun laws are "if it's federally legal, it's legal in Oregon." Some municipalities and counties have different rules (mostly Portland) but Oregon by and large has few restrictions.
Not on the whole, no. But we can make general determinations that are true the overwhelming majority of the time. For instance, someone with social anxiety disorder deriding the idea of social clubs or non-internet based human contact is likely approaching the issue through the lens of their particular views and not seeing beyond that which is not a healthy way to handle a problem. Being an anarchist doesn't mean I have to tacitly support people making sometimes questionable choices or spreading information that is varying degrees of rooted in fact.
Ok, again, I don't disagree with you but, as far as I am aware, we don't have information as of yet that can link a spike in cases to the protests themselves. I have seen research to suggest that the recent spike is due in large part to the re-opening itself but not specifically from the protests.
Most subs that do this are overwhelmingly one side or the other and the opposition tends to get buried/banned quick.
My recommendation is to not. My partner and I have spent a while looking for homes and tbh it's a free-for-all right now. I see places that go on the market for twice what their actual value is and get snapped up in a day. This is a bad time to buy here. You're going to be fighting with other buyers and almost guaranteed to overpay.
&gt;First problem requires a concrete definition of you of what a mental disorder actually is And we do have that. I do first want to acknowledge that our working definition of what that is has changed *a lot* over the years as our understanding has developed and we've generally come to accept the individual more. I won't for a second argue that the history of mental health is generally pretty horrifying and a lot of what passed for "treatment" even as recently as 30 years ago would probably be considered actual torture today and rightfully so. We've also come to shed a lot of the social view of mental illness and we're in the process of contextualizing it in the framework of a person's life. Rosemary Kennedy is kind of emblematic of the "old school" way of thinking where, while it's not super clear what specifically her problems were, it was *very* clear that the biggest problem people had with her was that she was a girl that didn't act the way the people around her thought she should act and that was the basis for the "help" that ultimately ended up harming her severely. We're moving much more into a way of thinking about mental health as "Are *you* happy and comfortable with what's going on?" rather than "Are the *people around you* happy and comfortable with what's going on?" I will also say that not everybody in the field has made those steps and while there is broad agreement among the mental health community on most of this, there are still hold-outs and just generally shitty practitioners who aren't quite shitty enough to warrant getting in real trouble. All that said, we do have a working definition of what a "mental disorder" is and there are a couple key components that *have* to be there in order to be classified as an actual psychiatric disorder. * A pattern of behavior or thought that causes significant distress or impairment of functioning. So first, it has to be a pattern, it has to happen repeatedly over a certain period of time. You don't have a mental illness if you're driving down the road and just idly think "I could totally just veer off this cliff and die." It's an [intrusive thought](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intrusive_thought) and something that happens with basically everyone from time to time and we're still not super clear as to why. Now, if you're constantly walking around throughout your day thinking "I could just leap out this window and die" or "It would be really easy for me to just stick this fork in a light socket and electrocute myself" then that is a pattern of thought and indicates a potential problem. The second part of that is "causing significant distress or impairment" and while this isn't something you can numerically measure (though there are numeric scales for this) it's something that is informed more by the patient than by the clinician. Sticking with the previous example, if you don't otherwise have problems with depression or an actual desire to harm or kill yourself, you'll likely find these sudden mental impulses distressing. A clinician will talk to you and establish if maybe you have that desire but it's more of an unconscious one that you, for whatever reason, haven't addressed yet or if it's just genuinely out of nowhere. If you have these sorts of thoughts regularly but are otherwise ok and having them doesn't bother you, a clinician is probably going to recommend some kind of therapy more as a way for someone to help keep a finger on the pulse of your mental health and establish a line of communication such that if these thoughts do become more distressing to you that you have someone you can talk to and have resources. You're unlikely to get medication in that situation because there's no real point to it, there's no medication to stop intrusive thoughts. A clinician may prescribe an anti-depressant to see what the reaction is. If the thoughts go away, then it may have been a manifestation of depression or an imbalance that's corrected. If you don't respond to the anti-depressant they may stop meds altogether and just ask that you keep in touch with a professional. There's no "normal" as such and the determination is based more on how *you* personally are feeling and how much whatever is going on interferes with living a life that you consider worth it. If you believe you're hearing god talking to you and you move to an isolated cabin away from people in order to hear god's voice easier but you're not really bothered by this, a mental health professional will probably be concerned because you're limiting your socialization which has generally been shown to be important for humans but nobody is going to 5150 you over that. &gt;because i don't see a clear underlying logic that entails all examples you're using other than a violence relation, which again would require less psychiatrists There's two important points in this. First, the underlying connection point between all the cases is a sense of distress. The person is hearing voices telling them to do things they don't want to do and that's causing stress, anxiety, etc. Even if they're not being violent, they are still in the running for a mental illness because they're experiencing a pattern of thought that is causing personal distress and potentially interfering with their ability to live a life they want. Second, in the instance of violence, it's often mental health professionals that are needed more than other responses. Cops are the absolute last people you want handling someone in a crisis situation, they know one language and that language is force. The US tends to handle severe cases of mental illness with incarceration rather than treatment and as such you tend to end up with people who could lead relatively healthy and happy lives being locked in jail. Where I live, we have a dedicated team of people whose entire job it is to respond to mental health emergencies specifically so the police *don't* get involved. &gt;most of the time is the fault of psychiatrists giving out these medications and second it can lead to a slippery slope where extreme examples can be used on harmelss individuals as a justififaction to keep them in a ward or on meds, which again bears the danger of making violent shizophrenics out of harmless spiritual people through those meds. This is an extremely complicated network of different problems that's being dramatically oversimplified. To start with, the majority of people with schizophrenia or schizotypal personality disorder are not violent. The vast majority of people with *any* type of mental illness are not violent towards others. You are exponentially more likely to be the target of violence by someone else if you have a mental illness than you are to perpetrate violence against someone else. With regards to medication, it's critical to understand that there are other people involved in the decision of giving or not giving medication to a person or what they're even allowed to give. Things like insurance, medical group guidelines, prescription requirements, and financial resources all play a part in what someone can get and, often more critically, how frequently they can get it. For instance, if a clinician prescribes someone a particular medication that works for them, a problem with insurance may mean that their access to that medication is suddenly cut off. This can be anywhere from unpleasant to outright dangerous to suddenly stop a medication but the person taking the medication has little to no control over what's going on - if a prescription suddenly goes from $10 a month to $1,000 a month, they are likely going to have trouble with that. It's really difficult to convey just how fucking complicated the entire dance of prescribing and getting medication to someone who needs it is in this country and it's quite frankly infuriating when you see it from the inside. A lot of the time there's not one specific person or even a specific group that's consciously at fault, it's just a system that doesn't have patient welfare as a meaningful priority. That's not to say the clinician is never to blame for problems with medications, I've dealt with kids who've been on medications at levels that would have put healthy adults in the hospital. I'm saying it's exponentially more complicated and a lot of it ties into things that you can't really arrange into a neat, clean picture of the problem and it goes down past the science into the level of social values and what we as a society have decided take precedence. A lot of times this gets boiled down into "big pharma bad, doctors make money shilling pills" and while that is 100% a thing, there's so much more going on than that and that's not a system that most clinicians can actually get into.
&gt;What arises from that definition is that it's solely based on subjectivity, which is fine and actually productive and i am supportive of that, because that's what individuals are, but it also means that any decision concerning the patient's mental health should always be in his power, that includes also the decision as to which drugs the patient wants to take and that he get fully informed under no external influence. And this is the case the vast majority of the time. It is grounds for a malpractice suit and losing one's license to intentionally (and even unintentionally) deceive a patient as to what they're taking. It is considered unethical and, at least in the US, illegal to force a patient to take a particular medication. The glaring exception is when a person has been deemed not able to ascertain what their own best interests are. If you're trying to kill yourself, the medical system deems this to be a sign that you are not making clear decisions and thus are not a reliable arbiter of what you can and cannot take with regards to medication. Though I should say even in situations where you are remanded to care against your will, you are generally still considered to have autonomy to refuse medication. It was the style for many years to simply pour drugs into people to get them to be calm and compliant. That has been severely cracked down on in the last 5-10 years. I work at a facility now for children and we're not allowed to give out *any* sort of pill without written permission from our nurse, even OTC stuff. We had a lead staff who had a tendency to give out diphenhydramine like candy before bed time and they were actually fired for doing that, even though it's an OTC allergy medication. But again, a tent pole of modern mental health is that you, the patient, do have the ultimate say on if you take something or not. You have the power to refuse if you don't want to take something. That choice may have other consequences but no one is going to shove pills down your throat. &gt;So all that is left to discuss is, how avoid the problems that arise from the abusive and manipulative mindsets often people who become psychiatrists have? I would ask what you mean by that. The problem is when I see people talk about this, there are definitely instances where I would say "Yeah that was 100% unprofessional and that clinician should never have done that." However there are other instances where people take a clinician pointing out genuine mental illness as "attacking" them or as gaslighting. I've also seen a lot of instances of people who are diagnosis shopping and getting shut down who take it as a personal insult. There's also a really strong tendency for people to form parasocial relationships or imagined friendships with clinicians and to take it really hard when they feel that the feelings aren't returned. They see the therapist the way they see a friend when that really isn't the clinician's job. They're not there to be your friend, they're there to help you address a problem and keep tabs on your mental health, sometimes that involves some very uncomfortable questions you have to ask yourself and some hard work. If your therapist is *never* challenging you, never making you think about something hard, then chances are good they're not helping you much. That's a hard pill for people to swallow. There are different approaches that different clinicians and therapists can have and sometimes you do need to "try out" a few people before you find one that works. Unfortunately we live in a capitalist hellscape and can't afford to do this with the kind of regularity that we probably should so people often end up with clinicians who they don't jive with and you get transference or counter-transference. &gt;The questionable effectiveness of psychiatric drugs and therapy methods and the amount of psychiatrists that need to exist or are they even needed in the first place? What can they do that a psychologists can't? Shouldn't they be rather studying psychology, especially if the drugs effectiveness is lower than the natural heal rate of patients? So I take a couple of issues with this. To start with, the [difference between a psychologist and a psychiatrist](http://www.efpa.be/psychologist-psychiatrist.htm) is subtle but important. Further complicating it are therapists and counselors, who are not technically the same thing. A rough rule of thumb is that a psychiatrist tends to deal with the physical aspect of the human brain whereas a psychologist deals with the less objective (though no less impactful) aspects of the human brain. The root of the problems that you're experiencing will generally determine who you ultimately end up seeing but to say that they're radically different in terms of what they do is inaccurate. They're both medical professionals and they study related fields, the biggest difference being that a psychologist generally isn't licensed (at least in the US) to prescribe medication however they can make a recommendation to a GP who can then write the prescription so, effectively, they both have the same "power." To say that drugs are ineffective or of "questionable effectiveness" is to fundamentally misunderstand the role that medication plays in mental health. It's an understandable problem because for years we've tended to treat things that should only be used for short periods of time as long-term treatments and been *very* free with handing out prescriptions for everything. Popular culture hasn't helped either and a lot of people have ended up with a lot of things that didn't help them or made things worse. This is another one of those "holy shit there are so many wires coming off this problem that I can't unwrap it coherently" things but it's worth pointing a few things out. So first, psychiatric medications are generally not supposed to be a permanent fix. There are notable exceptions (I'm taking one) where the underlying problem is a question of brain structure and, barring some kind of miraculous medical advance, isn't going to change. But by and large, a lot of medications are supposed to be a sort of cast to be able to get you to where you can be ok without it. For instance, if you're having problems with severe anxiety, an anti-anxiety medication is helpful because it allows you to first figure out the root of your anxiety and if it's something that can be addressed, to address it such that your need for the medication is gone. If you're having panic attacks every day, chances are good you're not going to be able to get yourself into a place where you can start working on the root causes and figuring those out. Again, I work with kids and some of our kids have behavioral problems that are so extreme that they literally cannot be in a normal setting and learn the types of skills they need to learn to be functional adults. Medication can help them control things like impulsiveness or aggression that is outside the norm for what is considered developmentally appropriate for their age. Second, because things like emotions or state of mind are not objective things, it's really hard to have an objective approach with psychiatric medications. If your cholesterol is too high, we can measure that and given that most people's circulatory system works the same we can be pretty confident that X amount of Y cholesterol medication will help solve the problem. Brains are exponentially more complicated and we don't have a good way to measure things like how happy you are or how hopeful you feel. We're not Sims. So if you start taking a psychiatric medication, it takes some time to tune into things like proper dosage or right medication and while I realize that can seem like guesswork, it's an important step because what the clinician is doing is seeing how you react to certain meds knowing what people generally do with different types of meds. If you report a side effect that is atypical, that's a new piece of information that can be included in getting a better grip on what's going on. A lot of the criticism I see leveled at medication is absolutely valid, I've definitely taken meds where the side effects were worse than the problem they were supposed to address and I said "I'll pass." But I've also seen people who *seriously* cowboy their meds or otherwise take extremely poor care of themselves and then blame the medication for problems that they have. I've seen other people somehow get a prescription for a particular medication that really wasn't suited for them and, surprise surprise, it didn't help them.
&gt;Psychiatrists are still holding people against their will legally No. Things like a 5150 (psychiatric hold) are not adjudicated by a clinician. A clinician *can* call for a hold but it requires there to be a state apparatus to enforce it, usually the police. The question becomes what do you do when someone is a clear threat to themselves or to other people because of a mental health crisis? &gt;and injecting them with meds that make everything worse as if those meds were a cure. Again, this is not standard practice and something that health authorities are taking an extremely close look at. Chemical restraints are used less and less, if for no other reason than they're not cheap. &gt;Getting used to psychiatric medication is the actual problem. Neurological adaptation to these meds is the reason for a high depression rate, mass shooting, suicides, withdrawals, violent delusions etc. There is no credible research to support this that I'm aware of. If you have something, I'll look at it but I definitely started as being hesitant about medication before I started working in mental health. Having seen the positives and negatives, on the whole I would rather have them as an option than not. &gt;I don't see how a psychiatrist can do anything usefull a psychologist can't. You keep repeating this and I'm trying to tell you that there's not a significant difference between the two. &gt;These chemical imbalance theories are rather wrong and not even confirmed in any way. Hence why they're not as utilized. We have a better handle on what causes certain disorders now than we have in the past. Especially for things like depression, we're [*way* past](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biology_of_depression) just calling it a chemical imbalance. &gt;And psychological therapies, self development, psychedelics are more effective in a way. Who do you think develops these?
&gt;Not give them SSRIs or Neuroleptics for more than couple days in the first place so they don't become one. That's not really viable when someone is having a mental health crisis. A mental health crisis isn't necessarily someone just smashing things up and trying to kill everyone around them. It can also be someone with a severe depressive episode who feels the need to be monitored so they don't take their own life or harm themselves. Antipsychotics and similar types of medications are used for many things including managing things like bipolar disorder. These types of disorders frequently require medication to help a person manage their behavior and avoid volatile mood swings that, untreated, can seriously jeopardize interpersonal relationships as well as personal safety. I don't know if you've ever dealt with someone who is genuinely bipolar but it's not a pleasant thing to watch and it's not something you can manage with behavioral therapy alone. &gt;Sure, if Meth is fine. In some cases, it is. Have you ever heard the expression "The difference between a poison and a cure is dose?" There's a medicine that can cause liver damage, kidney failure, and severe abdominal pain. It's acetaminophen. Available OTC at virtually any store. Things that can be medicinal at one dose can be toxic at another dose. &gt;People that are interested in helping. Psychologists and psychiatrists, among others. &gt;You can get access to the reports of these incidences. I sure hope not because that would be a massive violation of patient privacy. Anything beyond a personal testimonial is covered under HIPPA and violations of that carry some pretty stiff penalties. &gt;Many patients recognize that themselves, which actually brings me to another problem in psychiatry. They do not recognize the validity of the patients experience and the drugs effect on them. Not true at all. Patient feedback is key in determining the efficacy of a particular medication for a person taking it. There's no point in having someone take something that isn't helping them and no clinician is going to keep prescribing something that doesn't have a clear benefit to the person taking it. What people often neglect (and in fairness clinicians sometimes gloss over or forget) is the fact that certain types of medications can indeed make you feel worse before you start adjusting to the presence of an altered brain chemistry. As things reach an equilibrium, these generally fade. The idea that such swings cause violence, mass shootings, or are responsible for spiking suicide rates though has no known basis at this point. The research done doesn't show this to be the case.
&gt;I don't see the change though How much do you interact with the mental health community as a whole? &gt;Mechanistic data is not requirement for a causality. It is if you want that causal relationship to be taken seriously. &gt;But i'm sure you know neuroleptics cause brain shrinkage and SSRIs increase receptors. Virtually all medications have some degree of side effect. What do these specific effects translate into? &gt;Many things can come that, especially if the patients psyche hasn't actually been healed, but biological changes occured. I'm not sure what you actually mean by this &gt;But there are studies out there comparing outcomes on meds, without meds and off meds, LONG TERM! I think there is even a study that showed increased homocide risk. Do you have a link to that study?
This thread was linked to in another sub such that clicking on it took me from that sub to this one. I have RES/Reddit set to scrub the CSS from any sub I visit so visually they all look the same and I just missed the title shift.
Yeah that's not great.
&gt;I interactED enough with them, it's not a pleasent thing. How long ago, if you don't mind my asking. &gt;You're pretty cold to what's actually going on, that's bad. My supervisors would tell you otherwise. 15 years in the field plus a healthy disregard for authority will give you someone who isn't afraid to call bullshit when they see it. &gt;Depending on the individual, could be less self-control, dysfunctions How does that process work?
You mentioned that just starting these medications people could have "less self-control" and "dysfunctions." I'm asking you to describe how this process actually happens. The problem of prolonged use of antipsychotics causing a reduction in brain tissue (usually among older people with higher alcohol consumption) is documented but there's nothing to suggest that is what causes what you're talking about. Tbh I'm not actually sure what you're talking about because a reduction in self-control is a pretty generalized side effect and changes in inhibition are a potential in most any medication that acts on the brain and "dysfunctions" is not a clear description.
This entire exchange.
The even lazier way is to use string cheese and just roll the edges of the dough. I'd highly recommend making your own dough. It's pretty easy and well worth the time investment.
I don't think they've actually cancelled their stuff, just suspended it for a while.
I will, in full disclosure, say that I am (partially jokingly) banned from baking things that aren't pizza in my kitchen. My partner is a baker and while the cakes and cookies she makes are delicious, mine always seem to come out like dinosaur turds. When you're ready, the r/Pizza top [dough recipe](https://old.reddit.com/r/Pizza/wiki/recipe/dough) is solid. I cheat and use parchment paper and I do a cold rise of about 2 days but damn if it isn't amazing.
&gt; I would say it's a half-assed existence, but it can be a good challenge when it comes to activating emotions, i heard shrooms can help with that. That's kinda one of the tentpole ideas of modern mental health - it's not up to you to determine what someone else's ideal quality of life is. &gt;Jogging with psychiatric terms is nonsense, you seem to lack meta understanding of the psyche. What does that mean? &gt;If you're interested take deep look into "integral psychology" by Ken Wilber, it's a good start. I'm really not. After looking into Wilber and some of his ideas, a lot of it strikes me the same way a lecture by Zizek does - it's so wrapped up in it's own language that it's virtually indecipherable to anyone who hasn't spent decades learning about it. I'm also highly skeptical that Wilber has the chops to somehow synthesize "all of human knowledge and experience" into a single framework. The idea also doesn't seem to have much in the way of real world applicability, which sort of makes me wonder why it's any different from arguments about how many angels can dance on the head of a pin.
Lmao no. For a lot of those of us on the left, gun ownership isn't about some nebulous idea of "freedom" or "liberty." It's quite literally an existential question, as in owning firearms or not may make the difference between life and death for a lot of us. Even just by dint of being leftists, we're at some degree of risk. The regime is already trying to brand an idea as a "terrorist organization" and that idea has extremely fuzzy lines. They're happy to use the symbols and language of a genocidal regime and are supported by a paramilitary police force that has ample capability and willingness to do violence against people who are objectively not doing anything wrong. Beyond that, a lot of us are POC, disabled, LGBTQ+, or even just poor and there's a not insignificant minority of people who have weapons and are plenty happy to use them targeting people in these categories. They already have and are pretty comfortable with domestic terrorism. A lot of the 2A community are people that realistically are not at major systemic risk of being targeted because of who they are or what they believe. They fall into the "acceptable" categories of people who typically aren't the targets of social violence. Even if someone waved a magic wand and took all your guns away, you likely aren't someone who would be at real risk of harm on a day-to-day basis. Those of us on the left however... My general stance is "I don't want to *have* to have a firearm but I also don't want to *need* a firearm and not have one." A lot more people on the left are coming to that conclusion. I've been involved with radical politics for ~20 years or so and the number of people on the left who are stacking mags and ammo has probably never been as high as it is now. The biggest problem are the liberals and they get just as much grief from us as from the other sides. The tweet the OP posted is a pretty common sentiment among the armed left and there are a lot of people who aren't willing to sit and be targets.
Actually no. I don't super agree with the ELF/ALF ideologically but none of their actions have resulted in fatalities.
And? Does that mean we can't buy plate carriers?
The response to these ads on gun subs have been an *endless* source of entertainment watching people find reasons in her platform to reject voting for her despite her being gung-ho on *the* key issue for the majority of people in these subs. Especially because 90% of the people noping out of a vote for her based on another issue in her platform are the exact same people who give shit to other gun owners who don't vote Republican. "Rules for thee but not for me" is contagious, it seems.
I would check the ingredients. I use mayo a lot for similar types of things and there's definitely a difference between mayo of different brands with regards to ingredients. The cheaper mayo tends to have noticeably worse results. Normally I don't go in for the "more expensive is better" but unfortunately the bougie mayos tend to give you the best results when you're using them outside a sandwich or on potatoes.
I've used a cleaver and a bread knife for close to 20 years now and haven't yet encountered a situation that I can't handle. I added a paring knife a few years back and while it does make certain things easier, it's *nice* rather than necessary.
I mean...this is *kinda* true but it's more depressing than anything and I don't think it's really accurate. It suggests that the majority of us wouldn't be meaningfully upset about the world if we just had enough money. I think that's true for some of us but a lot of people I've met on the radical left I don't think could be ok with how things run at any price. I know I certainly couldn't. As I've gotten older, and I'm *well* past when I "should have become more conservative," I think I've only gone more and more to the left because I've seen the kind of life you have to live in order to be successful or even just ok and I can't do that. I just fundamentally cannot be ok with that kind of life. It buried both of my parents, I'm watching it destroy the people I knew as kids, I'm watching it slowly warp and twist their own kids. I can't be ok with that. There's not a dollar amount that's going to be able to drown out the things I've seen. I hear it a lot that if I just had money I'd stop being a leftist. Anyone reading this is welcome to donate however much money they feel is enough to deconvert me and we'll see what happens. Maybe once I'm staring at all those zero's in my bank account I'll cave and I'm a lot weaker than I thought I was. Kinda doubt it though.
Where exactly is this from?
Which is kinda ironic if you think about it because that's what knocking is - "I'm going to punch your house until you come out and talk to me."
About yea big?
&gt;These guys are looters Yeah we usually just call them "cops." Gets the same idea across.
I am begging the universe to have someone come through this thread who speaks Turkish.
I kinda feel like even a bratty kid really isn't the right time to go Rainbow Six on a door. That's not a move that says "I want to communicate" so much as it probably gives whoever's on the other side of that door legal justification for hurling something through that hole with as much force as humanly possible. Really not sure you could convincingly make the case that you smashed down a door with a tool just so you could have a heart-to-heart.
Ok, I've participated in probably a dozen "fuck the police" marches in my life, I've been a medic at some of the recent protests, I've participated in activism against police brutality for the better part of my life. Keeping all that in mind, I'm not entirely certain I'd be upset if this guy got his dome whacked by a badge. Like, ok, yeah a jaywalking ticket is bullshit, it's a dumb thing to do but a $200 citation for it is ludicrous. Trying to pay a fine in pennies is the *dumbest* form of protest I can conceptualize because it's a fair amount of work, time, and effort from you ultimately to make someone else's life miserable, a person who had nothing to do with what happened and has absolutely no power to make any sort of systemic changes. It's the equivalent of screaming at a cashier because the store doesn't have the thing you usually get there. Like if you really want to use your time to be a pain in the ass, contest the citation, get a court date, argue it in front of the judge. You're clearly fine with wasting your time on dumb stunts, just go to the court date and do your thing there rather than making some clerk that maybe gets $2-$3 over minimum wage suffer because you can't be arsed to take your protest somewhere it might require more actual work or risk.
I know this is most likely a shot at recent efforts to defund police agencies in favor of more social services *buuuuuut* working in mental health this is pretty much exactly the situation we have to deal with on a regular basis and we're 100% not allowed to nightstick anybody. We also make *way* less than the cops do.
The kink in that logic is if you're on the receiving end of racist violence, a person who is actively a sheet wearing racist and a person who is just racist enough to not be *as* bothered by you being attacked as they might otherwise be is negligible. It's important to not loose sight of the fact that people who are racist (or apathetic) enough to let the sheet wearers run around unopposed are just as dangerous as the sheet wearers. Those "soft racists" give the sheet wearers something to hide behind and space to recruit from. It's also worth noting that these sorts of "soft racists" are generally where the sheet wearers come from. Most people who walk around with a swastika tattoo these days didn't grow up in an environment where that was the norm. If you really look at a lot of out-and-out racists, the majority of them came from homes where there was racism but it was fairly casual and low-key - the exact type of people who you wouldn't term as "sheet wearing racists." It doesn't take much to push someone from a soft racist into something more aggressive.
Seriously. The irony of that was just *crushing* when I saw a bunch of leftist folks buying ammo or their firs firearms and it was a "Yeah, wow, Trump literally armed the left."
I never expected gold out of it, but the question was asked and I stand by my answers. Another trend I've noted across a lot of these similar types of subs/boards is the tendency to accuse people of things, mostly being dishonest, without actually substantiating these claims. So, y'know, take that for what it's worth.
My father passed away recently and he was *very* into photography back in the day. He left a pretty wide assortment of camera equipment behind, all analog. The problem is photography isn't something I'm really that interested in and I'd like to, at bare minimum, see the equipment go to someone who would use it and enjoy it. I've had people I know who are photographers look at it and they've all indicated that there's a lot of stuff but 99% of it falls into the "only *very* specific people are looking for this kind of stuff" category and is worth basically nothing to anyone else. I wouldn't say no to selling it but I work in healthcare and right now is an insane time, for obvious reasons, and I don't have the energy to go through the process of parting out several large totes of photography equipment. I've talked to our local community college about donating the equipment to them but they don't have a film photography program anymore. What are my options for potentially selling or even just donating it?
If you want to stop eating out, google "restaurant supply" and find the nearest place to where you are that's open to the public. Walk through and take a look at the ingredients, then realize that when you go out to eat, the majority of the places you eat at are cooking with these ingredients. You'll note that most of the ingredients are barely above animal feed in terms of quality. It's hard to fuck up sugar or salt but anything more complicated tends to be majority fillers, additives, and shelf stabilizers. First Street is a brand that's closely associated with this kind of food. You *can* cook good food with the stuff you buy at a supply store, but it's really not easy. The stuff is produced with the emphasis on bulk and cost. What *really* drove this home for me was after I figured out I had an allergy to soy. Soy is one of those things in the food world that you eat a ton of without realizing it because it's in everything. It's cheap, it's flavorless by itself, and it's generally shelf stable for long periods of time. So if you just need to add bulk to a food, soy is the go-to ingredient and it tends to indicate lower quality food overall. The majority of everything sold in a restaurant supply store has soy in it somehow. At this point I basically don't ever eat out.
I mean they're literally the most recognized brand in the entire world. Stopping their marketing campaigns on social media for a while isn't going to hurt them. It's not like you'll forget who Coke is if you don't see their ads at least once a week.
This is quite true, however it's important to understand that sometimes this does come from a more genuine place. For instance, recently I've started poking around in /r/radicalmentalhealth. I work in the mental health field and needless to say my contributions tend not to be welcome. That sub is full of varying degrees of bad/dangerous advice...but it's also full of a lot of people that the mental health system in the US failed or in many cases outright hurt. I know as well as anybody that the field can mishandle people and hurt them despite wanting to try and do the best for them. I have a hard time faulting people for being angry and harboring resentment towards a system that may have failed them in very concrete ways. Similar to anti-vaxxers, while what they say is objectively wrong a lot of the time it's important to realize that the popularity of things like anti-vax tend to be weighted towards people who historically are not listened to and not taken seriously by the medical community. Women are chronically sidelined in their own care and as a result many have lost a great deal of trust in the medical community. They explore that distrust and get called cranks for it, that's not going to send you running back to a doctor. There's an element of people gravitating to these communities who are grifters and who take advantage of people's fear and vulnerability. But ultimately I think we do ourselves a disservice by just automatically writing people off as touched in the head if they take traditionally anti-science positions. That isn't to say we should indulge their beliefs, things like MMS and colloidal silver are still toxic and we shouldn't encourage people to do things that are actively harmful to their bodies or, worse, the bodies of others. But I think it's not a good idea to just write off people who hold these views.
&gt;I still don't understand how shooting ever became standard practice. Is that some vestige from the cowboy days? Do we not understand that shooting somebody is lethal force? If somebody approaches you, you tell them to stop, but they keep approaching, that is reason enough to execute somebody? Is the police force made up of 90 lbs housewives dealing with a home intruder at night? We have the twin associations of trained fear and prioritization of the life of the officer. No matter what, police departments consider the life of a police officer to be more valuable than a suspect so if the officer shoots someone they believe was going to hurt them, as long as the officer walks away then it's all good. The second part is a bit trickier because it's happened for so long. Since the 70's we've really started to train up this "thin blue line" mentality - the police being that single barrier, the "thin blue line," between barbarity and civilization defending the good people from the mindless hordes. We literally train police the same way we train soldiers and we allow/encourage them to take training that hammers on things like how dangerous everyone is, how much people hate cops, that everyone is waiting for an opportunity to kill them, everyone has a gun or a knife hidden somewhere just waiting to kill a cop. You end up with cops that just expect lethal violence anytime someone so much as gives them a dirty look. Compounding that, we tend to recruit from military vets for police officers. This sounds like a good idea in theory but realistically it's a terrible idea. You're getting people who are trained to do the exact opposite of what the police do and their mentality when going into the police is carried over. A lot of them see what they do the way they saw patrols in the streets of Afghan or Iraqi cities and they're being told that's what they're doing and that's the role they play. Adding to all that is the fact that the police have gradually been wearing away the trust their communities have in them to uphold the law. There's a [popular video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aZHrJoT1jE) going around from Kim Jones pointing out that there's a social contract - people do what they're supposed to do and the police sort out problems. The police tend to not uphold their end of that and tend to *cause* problems more than sort them out. Rather than address that diminishing trust, police have tended up just become more heavy-handed and lash out more at people who push back at them. They don't stop and think "Hey, people are angry and we need to address that in a positive way," they instead just treat that anger like hostility (like they've been trained and taught to do) and react accordingly. It *also* doesn't help that we give police way more trigger training than we do anything else. There's several links going around that shows the breakdown of what police spend their training time on and the majority of it is force training, using their firearms. We basically took soldiers, gave them badges, and taught them to act like an occupying force then we get surprised when people act like they're being occupied.
This is commonplace to anyone trying to get *any* public documents or video or what have you from government institutions. FOIA (Freedom of Information Act) allows you to *request* anything you want from any local, state, or federal agency. They don't have to give you anything you ask for but they have to cite a reason for not giving it to you. All states (AFAIK) have their own version of FOIA that's more or less identical. Crucially, FOIA legislation allows for a certain amount of "free" searching work. I say "free" because by submitting the request, you're de facto agreeing to pay up to $25 for whatever work gets done unless you get a fee waiver. Fee waivers are insanely easy to get, I've only ever not been granted maybe two or three and I've filed over fifty FOIA requests to date. Beyond that, the sky's the limit though because it's supposed to be based on a "reasonable" (defined by the agency) search and paying people to do that research. One way a lot of agencies try to get around FOIA is by asserting that it'll take hundreds upon hundreds of hours of searching to find relevant information and thus cost many thousands of dollars. The agency makes the assessment and then says "Do you want to go ahead with this search and pay this fee?" I have been quoted $70,000 to do a search when I was researching predictive analytics software use by state and local police agencies. There's no real way to check if this is accurate or how exactly a "reasonable" search is being defined, FOIA is often an exercise in "letter vs spirit" of definitions. The whole point of this ramble being that this is SOP for public document requests in *many* places. This isn't a unique situation by any means and a majority of the time it's to deter people from filing these requests and to keep the information from being released. It's a glaring flaw in FOIA law that needs to be rectified. [More info about the fees and pay scale.](https://foia.state.gov/Request/Fees.aspx)
100% don't stop making noise. If you're feeling into the situation, never feel bad about expressing that. TBH it makes me laugh thinking of some of the sounds partners or I have made in the past and wondering what someone who didn't have much experience would interpret them. Distress? Stroke? Demonic possession? Other users have commented recommending safewords, that's probably where I'd go if you don't feel comfortable (or able) to verbally express things in the moment. Words of encouragement are generally *deeply* appreciated from the male perspective. There are people who aren't into noises but you will find overwhelmingly that the majority of partners, of any gender, are going to be more positive on sound than negative. For myself, I have had partners that made *no* sound and that was genuinely distressing.
When I first got them, they worked well. But it seems like over time they've just gotten a lot finnickier. I may try the dry lube just to see what happens. If I end up getting rid of them, it won't hurt.
Groups of protesters walked through a neighborhood to protest at the home of the mayor of St. Louis. These two decided, for reasons that have yet to be elucidated, that the smart thing to do was to run outside with guns and start pointing them at everyone. Words cannot describe how much I fucking hate people who get a gun and decide to try and work it into every situation they can regardless of how necessary it is. EDIT: Alright so since this has engendered so much ~~hate mail~~ negative attention apparently some people need a review. "Protesters broke into a gated community!" They walked in through an unlocked gate and walked down the street. If that's B&amp;E then the Moromons have a lot to answer for. Even if we somehow agreed that they broke in, that doesn't warrant running out on your lawn and waving weapons at people walking by. "They felt threatened!" By people walking by on the street. The crux of this is not that they came outside or even that they had guns. If you genuinely feel fearful, fine, but brandishing (which is exactly what was going on) a firearm at people who are effectively ignoring you is not how to handle that fear. Even if they'd just been sitting on their front porch with guns, I wouldn't have taken issue with it. But it was interjecting themselves in an objectively unsafe way: 1. No ear pro. You're ready to rock and roll but you've got nothing to cover your ears with? 2. Fingers on triggers. This is fucking stupid and not a single one of you here would disagree with that. What's one of the top rules of gun safety? **BOOGER HOOK OFF THE BANG SWITCH.** You'll shred someone for posting a pic of them showing off a gun with their finger on the trigger but someone pointing a gun at a crowd with fingers on triggers, that's legit? Commando Karen was one unexpected sprinkler head away from accidentally firing her gun into a crowd of people. 3. Zero muzzle discipline. The couple *repeatedly* flags each other and the crowd with their firearms. When I first saw the pictures I legitimately thought it was a standoff between a protester and a counter-protester who were both armed because I saw one person pointing a firearm at another. There is zero excuse for that. What is one of the core rules of gun safety? **DO NOT POINT A FIREARM AT ANYTHING YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO DESTROY.** 4. Dangerous response to a situation. If you genuinely believe your life is in danger, why in *hell* are you *running out onto the lawn* to wave your weapons around? Why are you not inside where there is, presumably, more cover, ammunition, etc? This is why a good instructor for a course on defensive firearm usage will tell you that, once you have everybody in the house together in a room during a break-in, *stay the fuck put.* Don't go hunting down the person, you hunker down and wait. This was an inexcusably bad display of what to do in this situation and, devoid of context, basically none of you would do anything except shit mercilessly on these people for being so reckless and disregarding basic rules of gun safety. As it is, none of the neighbors felt the need to rush the crowd brandishing firearms. There's no indication that the crowd posed any threat to them or their home. I didn't even see any indication of any protesters that were armed. Again, I would have almost nothing to say if they'd even just stood on their porch armed and not done anything. But the fact that they rushed a crowd of people breaking almost every gun safety rule that we have and that we mercilessly drill into people earns these people a giant middle finger from me. Fuck them and the damage people like that do to the firearms community.
Oh boo fuckin' hoo.
I *have* dealt with cops before...
Once you go over 10 rounds, most .22 magazines tend to have trouble feeding. .22lr is kind of a weird shape and not really ideal for large magazine sizes.
The calls are a lot more quiet now because a lot of the people who before were like "Oh just call the police" are starting to see why treating the police like customer service isn't a great idea. That said, there's definitely still a lot of pushback against the idea of owning firearms. There's a mutual aid group in my local area and I put up a thread in it basically saying "Hey, I know a lot of people may be thinking about buying firearms or have already bought them and maybe aren't sure what to do, if you have any questions let me know and I'll do my best to answer them." It was generally well received but there were still a number of people who expressed bewilderment that other people were buying guns at a time like this.
