Get back to 207lbs
That was the cherry
I do the same with Seinfeld. I just grew up on the shows
I mean we were Kings tho. ..... And you can help me win my kingdom back with yo bank account
I’m not even surprised
I just typed Dave Chappell in the Netflix search
The ones with the 80s VR lesbians was too much for me and that was a tame one I herd
I never herd of Black Mirror but saw memes about that episode. I wasn't ready for the feels
Lmao wtf is the world
I'm 6'6 Iearned to skate (roller and ice) very young I don't think I could figure that shit out now
I did not see this coming😂😂😂
No matter what I serched it was the 1st hit.
It be working for em
I avoid that song like the plegg. It'll turn a Walmart run into you at yo ex house real quick
You a hoe
Whit the spice girls video on the commercial.
Peach tree
That may be true but that’s way too many songs
I predict dude with the black skin might be my fav.
Oh great a fizz main
The 1st chance verses I ever herd
And John Stewart
Oh god I live in Manhattan I hate this state
In them guts
Are you me?
Monkey bread something something do it
Issa joke
Walmart was
I am super tall and I had that Cardi B VMA face going
SPIKE LEE SHOULDA LEFT “SHES GOTTA HAVE IT ALONE”!!!!!!!!! @ me
Issa Rae is the 🐐
I mean obviously
Because I'm with u
Why?
Listens to Cardi B once.
Zola is the culture OP!
Black Twitters ratchet cuzn
Pogchamp
Never say never
But Gucci did hisbtame and managed to not sexualize a fucking kid
Lmao is that Steven Universe
I turn 26 in a week
I feel like playing crazy taxi
You mad at r/music for sharing music?
Post what you like then. Ion listen to most artists that make it to the top here I just click play and keep it pushing.
Rip Prince
Probably coco butter
I got her nigga grocerie bag
I really wanna smack JonTron
That sounds scary now that I think about it
I should've said I think dude trash. I just ain't feeling his sound
Reddit is a different beast from those sites
Do rich people drink E&amp; J?
Embrace the booty eating meme my dude
I teared up when Sabo showed up alive
Sharp cheddar is the god cheese
Im drunk rn so fuck u and I'll update
I'ma a how ass nigga and didn't shoot. Ok found a chick my heights
Where he go
Stop her
Depends on the sport.
Xan Obama is my new snap chat name
Punishment for skyline chili
This league pass free trail has showed me why NBA players cheat
Lotta teams dance squads is full of dimes
He ain’t start em he jus rode the same wave
Yo that is yo
Still a bitch tho
At least stand yo ground tho.
Or close to my height
"My name is Dom and I like long walks in the park" kills every time
I turnt the he off at that point. Im too weak of heart to be a eagles fan
Yo momma trash. 23rd in this bitch
All I see is "Hunter 21"
I mean a classic don't gotta be old
TIL Gen Master P was a ice cream man before the outbreak of WW2
You can fucking die
Well we have two cheeks
Chris Brown disagrees
Ight so boom. I just turned 26 and I didn’t think I’d feel so great at this age a few years ago.
It’s Zola so I believe it
I like it
like damn Bey really a momma. This what my sister deals with at the movies.
Americas niece
Bye weekend
Ja Rule in 7
I support this energy
I played the game and got no girls so what u mean?
So Sterling isn't raw dogging Corgis over there?
USA in 7
That goal got me into FIFA and into soccer as a whole. Then I chose to become a Tottenham fan...
I can smell the coconut oil thru the pic
Fuck ak
What are you on about?
Sometimes I just need to be somebody's snack.
Ion trust videos with disabled comments
Beer league baseball final
Quality Facebook shit right here
Games where we don't notice
John F Cennady
I saw it live sry
He parked wrong.
Wait, am I wrong for using the analog ?
White people don't beef, they fued
I play Raven but I've gotten used to side stepping b over the years
It's Brent Barry tho
Hank Hill?
Probably one of those wildcard fans
I might’ve been fucking your old co-worker
Oh, well maybe who ever taught her that dumb shit
I'm creased
Lmao
NIGGA ITS A VEST!!!
Wifey
This is the 1st celebrity death to just rip out my heart. My mom called and checked on my that's how much idolized this man.
You made me be nosey. Now I know who got yams on deck👀👀👀
Walffe House
Turn the 0-3 to a 4-3
Cavs in 7
I have my reasons
I respect the finesse
Facebook quality
Damn really?
Everybody/thing can be a nigga
The people that thought he was better then Kyrie a are stupid
Me and white people have 2 very different definitions of trap music
Then got the nerve the say some slick shit on the mic about people not dancing. "Nigga you playing slave by Brittany Spears."
*that year, even then there's now way I was taking him over Kyrie.
Ok nigga
Larry Bird
You not the rule ur the exception. Some people come in with no plan but being in the army. Also MP are annoying
Most people are but some are just like slow moving train wrecks.
And I wasn't fucking watching
But it's not
Just white people following wackademiks
*logs into alt
I mean🤔🤔🤔, jkjk
Holy fuck
Wtf was Woodstock 99 I was a alive I seen clips of it my whole life but yo wtf.
I stand by it
She built like a sex sphere
I still don't know how people sign up to be cooks
That look when you trying to explain yourself but it's too late.
It's part of the games people play. People wanna go hoeing with out looking like one
Best comment this year 😂😂😂
She looks like hacker from Cyber Chase fucked a RuneScape character
No but this match so good for casual fans
What?
I really thought Mike Dean was getting his ass whooped and I missed the news
What you on about. Let dig deeper
It’s like a big part of my musical taste is missing Edit: my 1st gold :D
Gif game impeccable.
Listen to RnB and talk to my family about nothing
Henny is stronger than any birth control. Prove me wrong
I watch for pussy eating tips🤷🏿‍♂️
Swear
She was funny af
Chat shit get banged
nobody family deserves that pain..... ~~maybe~~ definitely Hitlers
🤷🏿‍♂️
You right
I was bout to say it. I've never seen his name spoken without "with his fine ass" not after
I'm just not a big KRS fan.
Usopp looks kinda like Muammar Gaddafi so Lybian?
One manga fourms were crazy
And he not a piece of shit
I support that energy. But fuck that dude
Suck it cornball
Living my best life at 26
I've had the same hoetation for about 3 years
It's great that I met my ex's on 3 different waves. No crossover episodes
She probably didn't know he had for outfits
I already do
Ikr, I can't wait!
Lmaooooo, that's some passion
1St of all Shannon Sharpe is a national treasure
Wow did they actually do all that shit. This makes me mad I played Football instead of soccer growing up.
West Indian
I'll be wrong
Lol
1st of all I’m undrafted
That's bizarre
Because it was free
They shit was in style
We like the sound of that.
&gt;fairs wheel Lmaooooooooo 😂😂😂😂😂
What are you. You this subs wise old sage.
The 00s were weird mane
Take me back to Summer 16
I've never gotten this far what now
Mildew money
Hoping your a woman😂
Balls in your court
Blackest movie ever made don't @ me Edit: I stand corrected
I mean being set at essence fest alone is like 100 points
Believe colonizer
It's a normal thing find a new slant
Find a new slant
Let the downvote rain on me
Enjoy ✌🏿
It's been part of my life since I was a kid watching on the foxbox I'm 26 now
I be chilling, the army ain't my 1st job and I've was shot at more as a civilian
Shit I don't even play football but I'll play for 1 Wendy's 444 a week. I just want a Palermo shirt
It's a I disagree button
~person whose only job has been the army
Yea I’ve lost my shit too that one a few weeks ago. Apparently telling people to mind they fucking business is a step too far.
A lot of em think we have it too easy. Frankly I like having a white roommate he makes banging sweet tea
And I main him now
I swear people go out they way to shit on the movie
To tell your opinion to suck the dick of his opinion
He can still rap about when he been thru and what he spends his money on. Dude was drug thru the prison system for popping a wheelie. He has to tell kids stay in school going to jail ain't fun he knows 1st hand
Young people in desperate situations make bad decisions. The fact the he wasn't able to move on from that. Mean while people like swimmer from Ohio didn't get jail time to "not ruin his future"
I took a pillow in to the latrines. I got my naps in good
I mean they're good movies just really safe
I mean duh. You really didn't say anything bold.
3 was the best Soul caliber. Don't at me
Yes, he quit the force to be a park ranger
I never thought about that. That must've been weird for them.
I'm 6'6" 200+ my balls was out it wasn't ment to be fam
I might be biased because I spent more time with 3. But i got my switch the past weekend I'm hype
I wait for the nominations to come out the watch what ever I haven't seen. Then bitch on the internet
How was that movie?
Where TF was wallace
Why is the hate for cardiB so high?
Rap might be going downhill but RnB is peaking right now
I didn't like the movie . It's really great I'm just black and don't care for slave movies. It's tons of black stories to be told.
Like literally on the top of the sub and on the internet in general
He averagefba triple double. That's not a thing you see offense. Record breaking years tend to top "would've been mvp any other year" players
I mean Remy Ma faded nicki. But Rapsody and Noname are the best female rappers hands down
It's a funny movie tho
John Cena and LeBron stole scenes as well
Lol pls
You a bitch
Lean makes everything crack
Looking like real housewives of OC at 27
Right 16 your old me was in the station for 12 hours for breaking curfew since I didn't have ID or know my social. They made me wait til my mom got off work
"The want our Rhythm but not our Blues."
"Haves and haves not yet" Marco Rubio
Paul Mooney
I forget about all this. I remember this place used to be "niggas be like memes"
I'm good on her
And I'm logging out
I logged back in to leave again
I'm from Dayton we all hatets
I actually like the taste. But I also eat ass
Last time I drunk EnJ I was in Walmart stealing a plan b
This just all types of disrespectful.
Between all the meth and pill addicts it's a nice city.
I mean if ur offering free food and drinks don't act surprised when people leave when it runs out.
Just let people be. If u wanted to worship Sasha Grey's left tittie gon head
Or see recruit's fucking
Probably
????
The home of hipster racism
Beating Barstool damn
Most clubs in super white parts of the country are like that? Play a new rap song where here 5 early 00s songs to let you know this ain't a black club.
Of course it's a tech nine line about that.
Nigga I can't salsa that well
Lol I just play my switch.
That's the only way I'd be ok with it. Plus my girl gotta crush on Kevin Durant. I would be pressed if a dude that don’t brush his hair took my girl.
I’m black and Cuban only Latino thing about me is my body hair and stache
He still a bitch tho P.S. okc fan
Double Caked up
And somebody told me Fury could take prime Tyson lmao
The mfs that need to hear this won't care. Plus you think the kid in the post ever heard heart of the city.
Lol that much sauce don't come off white women
She was in hella rap videos
Took a shot of Henny on live TV? My role model
Them mfs was probably jamming to that before the cameras started rolling.
It's really bizarre how many socially awkward people are in the Army.
" it ain't tricking if she worth it"
Y'all holding the collective L sry
Big whoosh?
Don't say that
Yep I just make playlist for my niece, shit gets mad weird.
Yes every, if there's a AUX then we will be hearing "Like Tommy Lee and Pamala" before the end of the night. Go enjoy ass like that unseasoned bastard
I went thru 7 horses in my 1st playthrough
I'm saying all white people are taking Beibers shit as a unit
Secure the bag
No they heard it they just never listened to it
You know exactly what people mean when they say "white people been living it up for so long". Y'all on all the money ffs
Lol he deleted his comment
Beyblades went hard tho.
Because we live our karate movies
He should sue for them making the dance in game whack af
Y'all probably was ugly babies or they don't like ya moms
His fit trash tho. He dressed like Columbus Short in Stomp the yard
I just thought it was some 90s dancing. I'm a huge scrubs fan but I'm not gonna front like I remembered that dance instantly
You telling me Reddit isn't a monolith?
If you know you know
I feel attacked
Back on the one manga fourms
My favorite meme
That one was lit
Changed in the bathroom
She's clearly Wakandan
Bag a college girl one in her last few years. That way when she graduates you can break it off
Drop a pin
Gave Madonna more than the tip
“Play the right way “ lmao. If we ain’t playing the right way in America why we the best in world at this sport? AAU practice is just as hard players act like that because they finally get to show off their skills.
It's all the play the right way comments. That really bugged me.
I worked at Walmart in the deli. Got ratted on for showing up late (schedule conflicted with my class times). So I ratted everybody over there was stealing food then dipped. Plus I was the only one that wanted to open and close weekends. Sucks I didn't do it over the intercom
Lol they finna remake the creep video
Why is anything named after this dude
I'm dying I haven't seen a wild Jawn on Reddit
My room mate in ait slept with a body pillow
Same I'm from Ohio. The Bengals and browns have always been a joke
Oranges are the better fruit
Made one using "bad" parts
Reason #432 I shoulda went air Force
Life is hard for Y'all
Fuck
Damnit I don't speak French
It's this is brung up Everytime racism is brung up on Reddit. Go into any r/NBA thread about Jeremy Lin
I know you not serious but You can try ya luck
I don't think cap would even want them to.
Nah, not being the entertainment wild be a bigger fuck you. They can have moves like Jagger
"I prefer a pocket passer" = White power........ Do I think gotta /s or nah?
Played there during summers growing up. I was soft af
Lots of bigots in active.
https://youtu.be/fqrPcp4aX5Y enjoy Edit: dude asked for proof then deleted his comment Lmaooooooo coward
Nope remember Ice T and Soljia boys beef
I have a thick counseling folder mainly from "having an attitude" type things. I'm repeatedly told by higher ups that shit don't matter but don't keep collecting em
Im in a ELM shop the scariest we face are bored E5s that just PCS'd to the unit.
Goals 😍😍😍
4chan
Why did he have this info on deck
I mean some of those changes were kinda good. I mean for a Saturday cartoon some for that would've not let yugioh grow.
Like not even close to what he was saying
He came to play ball not school
Karma
White people take hip-hop way to serious
I've been sleep on key and Peele
Savanna dope tho
We were told they were mood rings. And told they were for cold weather casualties.
Can u dunk?
What are u even doing
“Let them boys play!!1!1!1”
Yes-ish
Sting was so fuckin cool back in the day. The Rock and Stone Cold didn't have the coolness of Sting
Same
You gifted bastard
Ew double rims
This some white people shit if I ever seen it
This ain't even on the front page and they here
I be on Reddit in the club
Is it 6lack or Black?
I plus wasn't no controlling Gary Payton and Shawn Kemp
I think he just reaching
Do you not hear the hip-hop influence on the album? Or you didn't bother listening to it
So they don't count?
It's just a normal rusty Midwest City. Dude making it sound like Gary
Hes a xman
I hate that North Carolina claims them
And people were flamed for even thinking it was that obvious
Bronx smash is just deku throwing a timb
This dude is a role model
Downtown is nice now. The riverfront has be developed they built a few new and bigger librarys. On the down side hAlf the city is off pills
TEW DIS DAY
Not even black all these S.E.Asains and not one said anything?
Lol kids been saying dumbass shit like this forever.
[you might be on to something](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/e2ZwRDQ)
Don't give up on HxH the reason it feels so Shonen is because the story is so old.
It's on Hulu is y'all was wondering
Tifo football was my best resource for getting into the sport
Access to a pool doesn't = swim team. When school districts cut funding for athletics track and field is the last sport to go. Plus if your parents were runners your more likely to be one your self
You think this dude has the money to get a live band? Comparing this random to TDE is kinda pointless
I'd had got beat up
He still that dude even when you not in his dad crib
Grimy
I'm child free but don't hate kids. That kids are stupid sub bothers me too
Thanks for that
People tighten when they have kids. JR even gave up drinking recently.
The dog whistles are air horns nowadays
I feel like it'd be a lack of hot women in the crowds
I mean he's just gay
Wrap it up boys
I went to highschool with a girl that never grew out that stage. We damn near 30 and she still talking bout " I don't see color" and "just move out the hood"
I didn't know I needed this in my life
He managed to write Act up so we broke even
Nice
It's not missed
For veiws
It wasn't him
She know the words but still manages to do the opposite of old yeller to the beat
Lol me and my people reckless with it
No it's not lol
The boom docks it kinda timeless. I hope they don't go to hard on current events
Something wrong with y'all
https://youtu.be/SBpfwpOPXNc this is my top pic
I want this to be true
I need to see they line ups
I've been to Flint and Chicago calling them a "no-go Zone" implys that everyday life can't go on.
It's part of the Black experience unfortunately
I've been in 3 years and still haven't smashed a barracks bunny
I'm fine on that drama. But I do wanna flex a chick twin mattress
Looks like NBA street fan art
Lol sike
This song went from banger to that song why girls dance to m hard to
Since I was born tbh
I'm over that hurt tbh
I did not know Donnatella Versace looked like that holy hell
I can't watch this show. I hurts too much
Sounds like a fun guy to be around at 1500 ona Thursday afternoon
I feel like a lot of Reddit hasn't even herd the song
Is die for that
Imagine dragging Deez nuts across yo face
Fuck it, that's all I need
I would give you good but it's fuck Reddit
Drop that link
Still beat tho?
And the dude can sing
I’m killing 3 decades
Game happened to the right person with lil nas x
I learned that last part the hard way.
My dumbass would've put on the skates first
Wow... That's crazy
Who is she tho
And it shows
Throw it in rice
Honestly a live action CoD campaign would be lit
Superman wouldn't make it where I'm from
I have a female best friend and people try and sneak and geek us all the time. Let we friends I know y'all talk nigga
Uber that expensive in New York?
She was a special teams coach in the summer
I bought a small bottle of wet platinum of hearing Joe Budden talk about it. It's the truth ya ball will be silky for 3 days
Why don't we kill baby Thanos mayne
Just learn from some black girls
My ex was a PolySci major, I might have to step in to Marvin's room
Fucking boomed on
At least he's normal looking
It's on brand for old people
The other one made it easier
Ikr, it's wild here
Think Badu
But lemonade was lemonade
I feel like magic Johnson but you know what I mean?
I'll be wrong
And we'll still be in January
You suck it's in the titles
Lazerus pit
They been this sub and I leave Reddit honestly
Hold up, missionary is trash?
Say that shit louder for the ones in the back
She just kills it on twitter
She chose the right time because she can go in while we're all occupied by the protests
what’s your take on BLM?
Black people got it right since forever
It's not a bug it's a feature
I don't even know who Landis is but I liked the show
He's a pussy bender
Why'd people stop making these
Yea, I slept on it. And was like this is whack. But I did find a picture in the emoji
You know they had to do it to em
He was saying people didn't see them as people. Just objects in their way
It's not a dog whistle is a air horn
How can people defend this shit😂😂😂
Aight
I've said this same thing before. Idk where it came from
I wanna a non Yahoo and Google email
Fuck them too. If they can't handle a cuss word. While the police beat people's ass on TV
Hat fished
Mines was a she and they just let her do whatever since we were short on NCOs in my company
The next edit
It looks like your dog is hailing Hitler
Lmao, Ralph caught a stray
Why?
J.Edgar heard him smashing
It's all racism
Probably being called dirty our whole lives and being raised by single mom's
When I was in the military it was my main conflict
I just wanted my hair to be curly. But cOmAndErs DeSCression. Went by my hair combed out length
I think he's the Mike Conley of the league
I want one of these
All anime should be seasonal. Just imagine they took every other season off. Like if Naruto had aired Summer/Winter
Because it is
Shut yo bitch ass up
I'm literally going to stay in a home but ight
Pretty good hustle
My army years following up
That's why you keep trying
South Africa?
It's been more wrecks on 75 but we chilling
It's not they just don't care
Like Jet magazine years
Wait everybody is Australian?!?
Idk what did means but I died laughing during the first cutscenes
That probably explains commanders discretion
The army is full of those types
I think they're gonna fumble it.
Pikachu face
She hot?
It feels like the story is constantly moving.
No more white women?
A bumpy ride
Ok but the police still beating ass for fun
Like he could've played in any era and been the same player
Did this dude just make.....nvm
Yea but Nani be double caked up
Because white prime didn't care
