Do you really think W is going to make it to the ripe age of 112?
Oh no Stanley, you'll live forever
And gloveless blood donor lady
He recorded a video of her giving head to one of his buddies while spreading her ass cheeks. He should've been thrown in jail for that alone. Fuck defending this twerp ass punk.
Nah we aren't desperate. It's pretty fucking obvious Trump colluded. I'm ready to just sit back and watch Muller fuck Trump's life up.
Nah no chill for this dude. Lock him up for 69 years.
I could say the same to you brother. Have a good night
So just use 20,001 coffee filters
I'm still feeling kinda confident I guess. Brees, McCaffrey, AB, D Johnson, Njoku, and a decision between Ware, Humphries, and Funchess for flex. (Lost Conner and Watkins) He's got Wilson, Barkley, Peterson, Thelin, Jeffrey, Ebron, and Davante. It's decently tied up-ish.
I'm simply a dude with lactose intolerance and $427.85 worth of coffee filters ready to get freaky with experiments.
Tom kills the game. He's does so much voice acting and I barely recognize him in each individual role. A few famous roles you might or might not know he played: - SpongeBob (duh, Spongebob Squarepants) - Patchy the Pirate (Spongebob Squarepants) - Dog (CatDog) - Heffer Wolfe (Roccos Modern Life) - Mayor (Powerpuff Girls) - Yancy Fry (Futurama) - Ice King (Adventure Time) - Spyro the Dragon (Spyro series) - HUE (Final Space) - Squanchy (Rick and Morty) And a million other things. I'd say him, Billy West, Trey Parker and Matt Stone are all pretty damn close to tied for best voice actors of all time
I mean Bale did Terminator: Salvation and Mary, Mother of Jesus. I can't think of a good actor who hasn't done a bad movie except for DDL. Brolin was in The Goonies, No Country for Old Men, Sicario, and MIB III. He's got some great movies.
He lost to Black Widow but killed like a metric ton of robots and aliens, subdued Vision who (might have) killed Ultron, and he married Linda Weir. He's all over the place.
He honestly didn't know it was half the Earth. He just saw people disappearing and probably started to feel it too in his last seconds and thought, "well, fuck it better get the entire team here."
With all the time travel stuff from Ant-Man 2 they might explain it, especially if the fight for NY is involved.
I'd love it if there was a Skrull version of Fury and Carol had to choose between them, and she took the wrong shot. Or she took the right shot and Fury has been a Skrull this entire time.
Would be even crazier for her to get the page and get ashed. Would turn the tables on everything we thought about A4
We've only seen a little bit of The R.A.F.T. but I doubt she'd be imprisoned there. If General Ross knew about her he'd be all over trying to use her to his advantage
He did take over cleanup of NY over vultures crew. Wouldn't doubt he put that tech to good work.
His show Twin Peaks is like a soap opera takes lsd combined with the Ghostbusters, X-Files and Grease and I love every second of it
I'd love it to be even safer! This is a push is a good way to do it.
Oh Mr. Feige I didn't know you frequented this sub
I have a super small chance actually. I'm an American stationed in the UK. Guess what the average UK death per 100,000 people due to guns is, it's 0.23. In the US it's 11.96. Embarrassing.
Really? We bring guns? How many gun deaths have Americans caused in Europe (not including people running fences on military bases, it does happen)
Yeah I deserve the downvotes
(S)he didn't even state their side. Just said everyone is stupid. These people can't even have conversations.
I'm literally all for the caravans coming to the US and seeking asylum. Check my post history. I'm as liberal as they come.
Well we didn't really CAUSE WWII or WW1 did we?
I didn't, I said how many gun deaths have Americans caused in Europe? You said WW1 and 2 and we had to come and save Europe's ass. We weren't the cause we were the solution.
Sounds like you don't know what cause means
Are you my opponent? We're in the championship right now and he has Connor, Hunt, Green, Gordon, and Kirk
Generic high ankle injuries like this are about 2 weeks recovery time. They don't need him this week against the Raiders, but they're probably going to want all hands on deck for the Patroits. I'd say it's going to be close to a gametime decision, personally would put it at 60/40 for him playing. They could be overselling/underselling his injury though so at this point we really don't know.
I mean he was 21 and it was 1981 during his Delirious special. [He publicly acknowledged his wrongdoing in 96.](https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=i&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjT-djS1IvfAhVBTRUIHdfvAbkQzPwBegQIARAD&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.sfgate.com%2Fnews%2Farticle%2FPAGE-ONE-After-15-Years-Actor-Apologizes-For-2982557.php&amp;psig=AOvVaw3zLRQ9W7Mear_PDnhSsSZd&amp;ust=1544201404528887) I think nearly 40 years later he should probably be off the hook for it. If I was about to hit 60 and still judged for shit I did when I was 21 I'd be bewildered.
Seems like just yesterday people were saying at his height he couldn't be a competitive recevier in the NFL. I'm no fan of the Vikings but he's one of my favorites in the league right now!
I mean if it made him famous at the time that was obviously a lot of people's mindset at the time, they thought it was funny then. Obviously it's not, but we're talking a span of 40 years. He's publicly apologized for it. I'd get if we were talking about Mark Wahlberg hitting a man in the eye simply because he was from Vietnam, but it's not in the same ballpark. He recognized 20 years ago that he was wrong. What else do you want from the guy?
I expect a passing comment. They're trying to figure out his superhero name. Something dumb like Superman? No taken. Captain Marvel? No that's lame. What's that thing you say when you change? Shazam? Yeah, that's cool enough.
You've gone past safe sex, you're living a safe life.
That "Stop Making Fun of Me!" Made me cringe. Like you're if you're going to be a heckler, nut up dude.
He's not much like comic Scott Lang, but I honestly love his version more. Same with Starlord and Iron Man in the movies.
If he's on the command staff, there's a high probability he lives on base. If he did he lives there for free but isn't getting a housing allowance either.
I don't know if it's like this in all bases, but where I'm at 2nd LT to Major are largely considered "regular officers" while Lt. Col and up are considered the real high ranking officials. To be fair I work at a medium sized base with no Generals so it might be different when there really are much higher ranking individuals. I assume a place like the Pentagon nobody bats an eye unless there's a star on their collar (or chest now)
I'm not disagreeing, but on base housing is a fraction of 25k a year.
Seems like marine bases in Japan are notorious for it, as they get locked down and alcohol free every couple of months.
They closed the smoke pit down at tech school right next to my dorm because of a fire. I went to the next building over's pit and smoked there. A greenrope tried pulling a 341 for not being in my "designated smoke area." On a Sunday. I laughed, gave him my room number and said I didn't have one on me and if it meant that much to him, to come by and I'll give him one there. He actually showed up. Filled out a blank one that said "go fuck yourself" and went about my day. Never heard anything about it. The rope shit is stupid.
I know what the electoral college is. Do you?
Which is stupid. Country folk votes mean more than mine.
Understanding and agreeing are two different things. I understand it. I don't agree with it.
Literally a 4 year contract from the government is. You don't know my life or anyone elses.
Don't need it. I know how the electoral college works, I disagree with it. Especially when three votes in Wyoming means one vote in California.
That makes me sad. Falcon is my favorite Avenger. I want him to pick up the shield after Cap dies/leaves/time travels/ends contract awkwardly and isn't really mentioned again, but I know it's gonna be Bucky. Sucks because Mackie does a great job.
How many people are sitting there questioning if a jackalope is real though? Either they saw *Scooby Doo and the Alien Invaiders* and accepted they were real or they didn't see *Scooby Doo and the Alien Invaiders* and never knew to question their existence.
I honestly don't know much about them, that movie was just really popular with kids growing up around the 90s and it's the only reference I've ever seen with them honestly. That and I think some horror movie like The VVITCH or something.
Yeah I'll just pick up and move countries later today thanks for the advice. It's that easy!
Your example is exactly my point. Let's say I'm in California. I set my vote. Great! I'm contributing to a cause I believe in. That exact moment a man in Wyoming casts a vote. Great! He's contributing to a cause he believes in. But Mr. Wyoming's vote is about 3x as powerful as mine, because since California is an objectively more opportunistic place to live, they are given the shaft when it comes to elections. How exactly is that fair? It's not my fault some dude decided to live in a bum ass state.
Who said I'm confused? I disagree with a system I fully understand.
Agreeing doesn't mean not understanding.
ESPN had a Pat win at 99.9 percent. I'm not a fan of the dolphins but I've literally never been more proud of a team in my entire life. It's far and few between seeing a comeback like this. The only other one this year I can remember is Seahaks v Panthers a few weeks ago and that STILL doesn't hold a candle to this play.
My thing is why do "fancy" pasta eaters care about people eating Chef Boyaredee? If I'm throwing a party on Friday with 20 people and we're trying to go until 4 or 5 AM, I'm not buying 200 New Belgium Fat Tires. I'm gonna buy eight 30-Racks of Coors Light or Bud Light and we're still gonna get fucked up and save $100. Yeah if I'm having a beer with dinner I'm going to drink something nice, but if I'm getting smashed with 20 of my closest friends at my place then Coors is prime.
I see reason now that the switch is out. I'd love if they keep making main series games every two years for the switch then doing a Lets Go version of every gen that was on handhelds. I know LG wasn't as popular as main series games (I had a huge bias against it until I actually played it) but it would be cool to get a version every two years.
Based on everything I've seen Carrie Fisher do through the years she probably would've been cracking up at this. Definitely classy and respectful, with her sense of humor.
I'm not buying a phone without a headphone jack unless they make something other than a 3.5mm jack that works just as effectively and doesn't require a dongle. Looks like the note 9 might be my last Samsung for a while.
So I'll retire at 48 from the military and fully don't plan on getting a job or second career when I get out. That's relatively young for retirement. I don't think that makes me a bad person for enjoying my last 30ish years (hopefully) after 30 years of BS.
Didn't you see Drive? Impalas blend baby, they blend.
People have different priorities in life. I'd be bored as hell if the only hobby I had was using the computer. I need to be outside doing stuff.
Maybe Comcast should just try it then
Not really. It starts off early into the holidays and ends late so that people who are traveling can play before and after. I know if I was going home to visit family the last thing I'd be doing is playing rocket league
My biggest thing is I have watching a movie 2.5+ hours long and the movie is dragging. LotR 1-3, Infinity War, Goodfellas, Wolf of Wall Street all were great films that kept a steady pace I enjoyed. Then you have movies like King Kong and Titanic where after the first two hours I think the movie should be over soon, and then another hour passes and all I can think about is how fast I'll be out of my seat once the credits hit.
Where the protagonist says he gets nervous about being around too many white people and she gets like super freaky and cries.
How long did it take you to read that first sentence? I know it's hard when it isn't in meme format with that big font.
It's not there, they just are trying to make something of nothing so they can deflect that the president isn't THAT bad.
There's a million examples on why to shit on ICE, this is not one of them.
Seeking asylum isn't a crime. Like Jesus Christ how many times does it have to be said?
Cocky Tony is best Tony. I want him to get back to Earth with what's given to him with a spaceship and a box of SCRAPS.
I just want a grandpappy Tony funding the future Avengers and building them tech, but not actually getting in the suit. Semi-retired, and drifts in and out of movies.
Let's just get a list going, instead of nitpicking every possible game. Because this is 1/2 of the subs posting. Here: * All Mario Games * All Zelda Games * All Pokemon Games * All Donkey Kong Games * All Metroid Games * All Kirby Games * All Star Fox Games * All Punch Out!! Games * All Final Fantasies * All Kingdom Hearts Games * All Metal Gear Solid Games * All Animal Crossing Games * All Harvest Moon Games * All Luigi Games * All Fire Emblem Games * All Doom Games * All Resident Evil Games * All Wii Specific Games (Fit, Sports, Sports Resort) * All Xenoblade Chronicles Games * All Destiny Games * All Elder Scrolls Games * All Fallout Games * All Rockstar Games * Goldeneye Anything I'm forgetting?
I'll agree he might not be on par with some of the better QBs of 2018 but he could have been swapped in with Peterman or Carr and done much better. And I'd say he would be a top 5 QB if all 32 starters went down the same week. He could easily be a reservist. He's blackballed.
I was buying wrapping paper today for our Secret Santa at work, and the cashier asked if I was ready for christmas. I said, "oh I'm actually Jewish! This is for Secret Santa. But I'm totally excited for that!" She looked mortified, not like, "oh a Jew! Ick!" mortified, more like, "fuck, did I just lose my job for saying Christmas?" mortified. I saw it in her eyes and was just like, "no chill it's ok!! I'm excited for my friends celebrating and have been invited to parties, it's always a fun season." It was kinda slow so she asked me a few questions about Hanukkah and I went on my way. Really sweet lady, I felt bad for kinda dropping that on her, it's unfortunate in today's society somebody could've been offended by a funny exchange like that.
Same. As long as it's from a place of humor. On my friend's wedding anniversary every year I ask him if he wants to go get beers with the guys, and every year he laughs and says "you know what day it is, fuck off." And every year I say, "oh that marriage thing is still happening?" And we laugh and go out for beers the next weekend.
Also not available in the UK, which sucks. I had an account when I lived in the states but moved here with work and now can't use it. Every VPN I've tried has either not worked or worked then stopped working.
There's the famous case where a dude was breaking into a house and fell through a skylight. Broke his leg and cut himself up. Homeowner calls the fuzz and the dude is arrested and brought to the hospital. Robber sues the homeowner and wins. Sometimes our legal system is bullshit. I'm with the video maker, I'd rather protect myself in every way possible.
Oh shit that might've been Liar Liar. It's been like 10 years since I've seen that movie. But now that you say that I can imagine his secretary saying that story before storming out.
If you're specifically asked to bring a cake to a work party, and bring a vegetable loaf. You're the asshole.
I'd love to see Survivor of Rock, they get the whole cast together to do a Survivor show.
I mean do you really think they're gonna get the Chris's, Leo, Pitt, Hanks, Johannson, and Streep out there for like, less than a hundred million? It's just not a viable option to get heavy hitters out there when they could be acting for a couple months and get the same amount.
Antisocial ≠ Smart
I AM FO REAL
Well Holt is the best character so...
I'd say a close second is Lois in MitM
Have fun being married to SATAN!
I've seen him talk shit about Game of Thrones, something along the lines of, "Its just tits and dragons" after his filming had concluded. I've never heard him do anything but talk about how much fun he had on the set of Hot Rod. Yeah it might not be an Oscar winner or a future member of the Criterian Collection, but damn I can't imagine a work environment that would be more fun.
It's true, it's still one of the best shows on TV right now, but it's losing its luster. I'm sort of happy and sad we're hitting the last season.
I'd have to rewatch the interview but I don't doubt it! People get really finicky about the little details like that
To be fair the first season was basically a drama with a little CGI towards the end. It needed an HBO budget but it didn't need to be crazy expensive. Now we've got three dragons, a growing white walker army, direwolves, warging, a witch who turns 5000 years old when she takes off a necklace, and the most CGI used is trying to make Gilly look ugly. And they've got a season of nine episodes to end like 20 storylines. So it makes sense their at peak budget right now.
That's not fantasy though.
Stop talking about OP's mom that way
Laws and morals aren't equivalent. You'd be hard pressed to find a person who doesn't commit a crime practically every day. Did you speed in your car today? Jaywalk? Not use a blinker? Litter? Download a car? Run a red light? Smoke in a non-smoking area? In some states blowjobs are illegal. Look you commit crimes too, don't act all high and mighty.
I hope your codes work, or you'll be LEGOlas.
There's a reason he has a resounding approval with every branch of the US Military. Being a part of the military, he's been kind've the "saving grace" of this administration for many military members. I expect a lot of people in the military who were on the fence about this administration to pick a side based on "Mad Dogs" decision to resign.
He's not just some boy, read his bio. He's had some incredible feats in his life and is widely regarded as one of the best military leaders in modern history. He has a huge following in the military before, during, and soon to be after his tenure as Secretary of Defense. Dude earned his respect, and for a lot of people in the military he is the one good thing about the administration. He's sort of the anti Betsy Devos. Everybody that's a part of the education system in America seems to hate her, and she's grossly incompetent at her job, as well as under-qualified. Mad dog is overqualified, as well as super competent.
Let's not go to far there chief. President Moon of SK went into office with the goal of peace with NK. Him and Kim were the majority of the legwork. He's bringing troops home with no plan for Syria or Afghanistan when there's still reported numbers of 14,500 ISIS troops in Syria, while he blatantly lies and says ISIS is "defeated." Don't know enough about "Chinese Communists put back in place." Seems like a weird flex but ok. The economy is in a huge downward slope, it was at a consistent raise since Obama came into office and after two years it's getting hit hard and going down. Booming is a straight lie. Look at the DOW right now. The border isn't "secure" and he is shutting down the government because he didn't get his way. Super Presidential of him. And the new military branch is pretty much a joke at this point. All of your points are idiotic, and fuck your little God bless Trump and God bless the USA. Nationalism is a fucking disease. Edit: anybody going to retort to try to prove me wrong or downvote?
Idiot. I can't wait for you to lose your money AND the wall not be built. People like you don't deserve to have money if you fall for a scam this fucking retarded.
If I was her I'd want to retire too, but having Trump pick another SCJ is basically just asking for 20+ years of hell for America.
No we have a big Trump problem.
Dude you don't know what you're fucking talking about. Just stop embarrassing yourself.
Regan and Trump are tied at 3
Really? It's been a mixed bag for me. Half hated it and half liked it recently. The half that did hate it REALLY hated it though. And it makes sense the movie had a lot of issues.
I've tried RIF but I just love the simple look of Narwhal. It looks like old Reddit. Plus it gives a random sub generator for when I'm curious, and a random NSFW sub generator for when I'm really curious.
My career is the worst and I hate my big boss more than anyone 😘😂😍😏🍆
Too much water
So are you gonna admit you're wrong or be a bitch about being proven wrong?
Easy way to remember, always the first Sunday of February
Hey if there's one celebrity to worship Tom Hanks is not a bad choice. Dude is just a nice guy who does a ton of charity work and little things like this, on top of being a freaking awesome actor. Nothing wrong with looking up to a dude like that.
This sounds really bad, and it is, but I haven't read a real book since high school. I graduated and joined the military. I loved reading in my early years but I'm almost 24, that's like six years of basically not reading. Is there any books you would recommend for someone like me? I love crime, thriller, horror, and sometimes fantasy/science fiction movies, if that helps. I work constantly, but also live so close to base that audio books are kind of not a good option. Anything that's a quick read would be pretty cool. I'd appreciate any help at all. I've been gifted the Game of Thrones series and the Lord of the Rings, Similarion, and Hobbit but they all seem too intimidating to star off with.
Easy! There's a book store a few hundred feet from my house, I'll look for Good Omens there on Thursday!
WhAt YoU gUyS dOnT hAvE pHoNeS?
WhAt'S wItH tHe CaPs? Is It 1997 AoL aGaIn?
You mean ride it off
What if we got more money for this than that fucking wall? It'd be two hits in one
I forgot all about Ace Atourney coming out, I've wanted to play it since I saw the first one but never had a console it was on. Super excited!
Hope I never get sent there...
You know what can defeat a 3b dollar wall? A 400 peso latter. Why waste 3b + maintenance costs when we can use that money for properly training border patrol? Desolve that shithole ICE will generate even more money for the cause.
Hell I'll raise to a 500 peso shovel. I hope you realize there's three ways to pass a wall, over, under, and around. You'd have to be really, really, really, really, really stupid not to realize that.
Both still fucking disgusting
The average salary of a Congress is $174,000. I have no sympathy. If you are the cause of a government shutdown and make even below that average, you should be set to pay a month or two of bills.
First of all how dare you
Dad, why do you hate what you don't understand?
Get Hard was absolute butthole but Talladega Nights, Elf, Anchorman, Step Brothers, Old School, Zoolander, Blades of Glory, Semi-Pro, Stranger Than Fiction, Everything Must Go, The Other Guys, and Casa de mi Padre are all great fucking movies. Yeah they aren't The Godfather Part 2 or Shawshank Redemption but they're great in their own right.
I mean true I couldn't watch more than one or two at a time but individually they're all good
Because I can think of, and still laugh at, a bunch of the jokes from those movies. I can't do that with Get Hard. Off the top of my head there's the Jive Turkey scene and the Fire and Ice routine. Those alone make them better than Get Hard.
I honestly thought they were talking about the Ramones entrance song and was so confused
I always appreciate the "hey your collar is messed up" or "hey don't forget to greet LTs at the urinal." Don't quote AFIs or chew them out, just say it in passing. If they give you lip or ignore you, a SNCO or officer will smell them out and give them the business about it.
What's Eating Gilbert Grape probably didn't help.
Seriously I don't care if it's a chief or an airman basic giving me a simple correction on uniform. If my collar is up in the back, just tell me!
If you make $174,000 in a year, you should be pretty set for a few months. If you're too spineless to hold your ground for what you believe in and crumble because of a missing paycheck that you end up getting anyways, then you shouldn't be in Congress.
I doubt he agrees. He's too busy slurping up the Trump administration diarrhea to think like a human.
Because one person represents the whole?
Five minutes to 10:30 in the UK and I'm still going strong... Wish me luck, I haven't made it in three years.
My watch has been an hour fast half the time for like two years now, and sometimes I forget that my watch is an hour ahead. I don't think I'm gonna make it 😂
Smarmy af
I'll give you 20/1 odds I can getcha posting by the end of the day
Yeah how's Brexit going? And the Prime Minister is really enjoying her tenure.
I work in the UK, and have since 2017. Everyone here has been more than welcoming and interested in US culture as a whole. Everyone just hates Trump because he's a giant bitch who doesn't share the ideals that America was founded on and has thrived on for 300 years. He's a cancerous tumor that's getting removed in the next year.
By the time they split Trump will be out of office anyways
You understand the dynamic between predator (us) and prey (cow) right? We kill the cow, we eat the cow, we are the predator. Good times, and worth it.
Slapping a sticker on meat to try to bring an emotional response to food that's already wrapped and ready to eat is retarded. If every person who saw that sticker decided, "ya know maybe I shouldn't eat this meat" then at the minimum it's a waste of good food. Veganism itself is already an idiotic concept.
Shit, not me. Humans in general. Last time I killed an animal that wasn't a bug I accidentally stepped on was when I was 11 and my dad made me go hunting and I shot a deer. I didn't even know how to hold the gun and I broke my nose on the guns kickback. So yeah I'm no Apex predator. But as a race we are. If we weren't then we wouldn't have supermarkets full of meat. I am against that. I want to live my life to a certain standard. I'm not going to tiptoe in life trying to make everything and everyone happy and make myself miserable doing it. I'm gonna eat meat, I'm gonna smoke cigars, I'm gonna drink booze, and yeah I'll die sooner than most, but I don't want to live til 80 anyways. My point is, if I stop eating meat today, for the rest of my life, there is still going to be a meat industry that thrives, with or without me. I choose to be a part of it because it'll be there either way!
I'm going to boil it down to one point for you, because I really don't care. Veganism is for pussies. Adios.
My great grandma is extremely lucid, can still drive (and well), and is apparently somehow the world's best bingo player because every time I go over to visit she's won another couple grand at it. She's late 90s (I think about to be 98) She smokes like a chimney, drinks like a sailor, and eats pizza at the family store two or three times a week. Her reasoning that she's still alive to this day is because she's too loud mouthed for the devil. She loves good gossip and shit talking is in the family blood. So if you wanna live forever do whatever you want and just throw shade at people, according to my great grandmother.
Hey if cows didn't want to be eaten they'd have evolved wings and flown away by now. Not our fault.
Im playing both sides, so that way I come out on top - China
You mean like the president having a meltdown when the Navy wear their uniform because it has a little patch that says "U.S.S. McCain" on it?
Oh you got him! Doesn't support the president, must be a Nazi. Jesus the delusion with you Trump supporters is actually incredible.
Fair enough, I missed the comma. Thought you were referring to Hillary as nearly un-electable. I give zero fucks about karma though, fellow fucknut.
Then don't bring your fucking Swiss army knife to London, it's not that fucking hard.
Whew dat proof lol
Just because the UK has different freedoms than us doesn't mean we should press our freedoms on them. That's a dangerous slope.
That's not for the US to decide for the UK. And yes a knife is inherintly dangerous.
Who? That's Kyle
If I got stabbed in the eye, head, neck, and possibly chest, I would most likely die. Don't play fucking stupid (I know you really enjoy Trump so you might not actually be playing) and pretend like it isn't a weapon. It's not a pair of pliers or a band saw.
He inserted his fingers in her vagina. Rape.
So far we got SpongeBob...
You're... A... Crook Captain Hook, Judge won't you throw the book at the *pirrraaaateeeeee*
I suppose we'll find out June 10th if there's a case
[Majority](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/) [My](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/president_trump_job_approval-6179.html) [Fucking](https://news.gallup.com/poll/258026/trump-job-approval-trending-back-down.aspx?utm_source=tagrss&amp;utm_medium=rss&amp;utm_campaign=syndication) [Ass](https://morningconsult.com/tracking-trump/)
Obama also regularly played with fellow politicians or people interested in donating to his campaign. Trump plays with celebrities and models and well, unimportant people when it comes to politics.
I didn't say he NEVER golfed with politicians, but there's a list here on this site that show he golfs mostly with athletes, business execs, and then third politians. Forgot to paste the site: https://trumpgolfcount.com/
The waitress in the beginning who doesn't give enough coffee, and Dunkirk apparently had a nurse in it at one point, I don't remember
Right, where's your PhD from again?
Well at least we have two ferries full of people... Right?
I'm sure
Imagine being a guy who lies on the internet about getting a degree from Brown 😂
At that point it's not just affecting the kids every second, it's affecting the parents every second too. People need to realize it's not all about one person (aka the baby)
I doubt they'd do much since they're switching over to Steam
I hope I never run into you in the service you're insufferable 😂
Of course it does, nobody deserves to have a burden put on them that will affect every second of the rest of their lives. Why ruin three lives, instead they should just never get to the point where one is just a clump of cells and not a baby.
Yup, insufferable.
Exactly, if that weren't true therapists and prostitutes would have gone out of business a long, long time ago.
Anything in particular you aren't satisfied with?
Sit down, try again next year.
They're as classy as the trash they threw on the ice
I'm in the military and I'm prideful as fuck watching players kneel. I fucking love it. I joined so people are able to do that in our country.
[?](https://youtu.be/xzpndHtdl9A)
You know "pakis" is a very offensive slur correct? I assume you do and are just racist and ignorant as your post already suggests, but I just wanted to double check.
If you think the Blues are historically dirtier then the Bruins then you obviously don't know what in all fuck you're talking about.
Coming from Boston, who literally riot when their sports team doesn't win. Y'all are a disgrace on the nation when it comes to sports, well Boston and Philly.
You wouldn't BE in the final if it was consistency.
&gt; leftie &gt; Retarded Yeah we're the immature ones.
And once you get good at thanks! you throw in a compliment back. You like my shoes? Well your watch is dope, where'd you get it? Now you have a new friend!
When it can physically be dependent of a host (in many/most cases around six and a half months in), with the acception of cases where the mother has little chance of survival or the fetus has severe disabilities that would render quality of life to be extremely low if tolerable at all.
Of the 18 members of the current committee, an exact total of zero are from Saudi Arabia.
In what aspect?
With my healthcare? Probably not.
The avocados aligned.
Well, the UN. Or they wouldn't have been voted onto the committee.
That makes two of us. When does the period start? After the national anthem?
Well, the US. Seeing as we're an active member.
Well, to flip it on you, who gives a fuck what the current president thinks? In a year and a half we'll be back to a normal presidency.
I mean, any Democrat, even Biden who I despise, is a million times better than the current president could ever hope to be. So I'm pretty damn sure.
Horror - Us, Get Out, The Cabin in the Woods, A Quiet Place, IT, Hereditary Romance - La La Land, Silver Lining's Playbook, Crazy Stupid Love Comedy - What We Do in the Shadows, The Grand Budapest Hotel, 21/22 Jump Street, The Other Guys Science Fiction - Arrival, Mad Max: Fury Road, Interstellar, The Martian, PotA trilogy, Dredd Crime: Wolf of Wall Street, Hell or High Water, The Place Beyond the Pines, Prisoners, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, Baby Driver Historical Fiction: Bridge of Spies, The Renevant, The Social Network, 12 Years a Slave, The King's Speech Documentary: Blackfish, Amy, The Act of Killing (I don't watch a ton of docs but I like these three) Drama: Whiplash, Moneyball, Spotlight, The Fighter, Moonlight, Room, Call Me by Your Name Biopics: The Big Short, Dallas Buyers Club, BlacKKKsman, Straight Outta Compton, The Disaster Artist Thriller: Enemy, Ex Machina, Shutter Island, Black Swan, Nightcrawler Obviously I'm missing a ton, but I keep stubs of movies I saw in theaters that I really enjoyed and these are the stubs.
At least he'd apologize, while Trump treats sexual assault (by wealthy white people at least, the Central Park Five were black which isn't Trump's type) like a badge of honor. Just like he treats tax evasion and war crimes. As long as a white person does it, it's a-ok! And I say that as a white person in the military.
I just can't get into it, does a better story arc ever come into play? I made it through half of season one and it just felt like a villain of the week kinda show. The only shows I ever liked that had that formula we're Psych and Gotham (for a while)
Well, instead of a two minute penalty they gave one player a sixty minute penalty. So yeah, it's a little obvious.
Military guy here, trust me, we don't mind. I'm cool with just my military discount honestly, you can take the day away.
I'm glad they didn't go through with it. Thomas Middleditch is hilarious in ~~Verizon commercials~~ Silicon Valley
True, off base. I think he's referring to the fact that bases will let 18 year olds drink on base even though fed law is 21
Well yeah... That's how any job/career is. It's manufactured to fill a position.
If you're military you can hit that vape
Neither does the military. I sit at a desk all day fixing computers.
You realize the most important job of the president is to be an ambassador for the United States right?
I pulled it from the White House's official page. Literally the president's page. Like he owns that page. His job description is on it. So YOU are the one who is wrong. Sorry. Goodbye. Please don't come back. Don't let the door hit your fat ass on the way out. You lose. Peace out girl scout. Idiot.
I just have low tolerance for mediocrity.
Mine fell apart after about four months. Not one, but two button jams. My day one controller has lasted this entire time.
My friends were talking saying there are too many sword based players in Ultimate, and more gun based players are needed. They all wanted Master Chief, and I said Neo. Later that day Keanu was up on stage, maybe they'll bring him out on stage again to announce a Matrix crossover!
I went from being able to play for almost exactly three months on deployment to 0, so I'm pretty bummed. Not much else to do and that's a time consuming game.
What? Where?
I disagree. PvP and coop is why I play DS. I played Sekiro and had a good time, but I constantly play DS3 with new friends who want to try it out, and have a blast invading and getting invaded. Easily the best part, even when the opponent is bouncing around the area like a beachball at a Nickelback concert.
It's not detrimental at all, if you get invaded and die, go get your souls and move on. If you're so bad at PVP that you just *cant even*, they offer offline mode from the main menu. You don't even need to get gud, they give you a free pass.
I'm pretty sure it was a big win for slaves.
Fuck the hoe ass bruins
Nice Shot! Nice Shot! Nice Shot! Nice Shot! Chat disabled for 5 seconds... Jeez, Bruins trash tbh like the puck goes in the goal dummies
Your team is aware the puck goes **IN** the goal right?
4-0
Gg ez
Fuck Boston, booing the MVP. Not our fault your team is shitty.
Fuck Boston, booing the MVP. What a pussy shit city. Not our fault your team is a bunch of losers.
They literally suck. Worst team to play in the stanley cup in 350+ days. Losers all around.
Make excuses for your bum ass city, didn't start booing until MVP trophy came out, before commish. Y'all suck ass
Tucking tail and crying like a bunch of losers
Tell your team they're ruining the ocean, since they're heaps and heaps of trash.
Oh no not gay rights!
Oh no... Could it be? It is! Woman's reproductive rights?! How are we supposed to tax the masses to poverty if people are responsible?!
Womens/gay rights are for simpletons? What's your master agenda then? Your bread and butter? Because most right wing politicians want one thing, to bring down any minority because they know that's what brings in the hillbilly votes, so I just assumed that was your bag too.
Sounds good little bud
They aren't really trying to hide it, I have met a few people with [this](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctica_Service_Medal). Technically the treaty says they have to be there for scientific or peaceful purposes, so as far as I know most military goes there for supply stuff, the actual bases are small fish and are most likely there to make sure every other country is adhering to the treaty.
I didn't mind it in the Alien: Isolation or Outlast, it makes sense and adds to the dread. But in a fucking SPIDER-MAN game? Like really?
I know his smile is about as real as Santa Claus with all those fake teeth, but damnit when he smiles it brightens my heart
Historically Boston is one of the sorest winners and losers in all of America when it comes to sports. You guys also get dinged for cheating across all sports more than anyone else. Get off your fucking high horse loser.
Oh yeah? Where's your Arch huh?
Lol "Boston Sports Cheating" brings up about 44 million pages on Google. Switch it over to News and 19 million are articles. Boston is a joke of a city who can't win fair.
I'd want to necc myself to if I was associated with Boston
Didn't St. Louis just beat you at something recently 🤔 Boston is the laughing stock of the nation dude everyone thinks y'all are a bunch of pussies.
Oh, so your opinion doesn't fucking matter. Should've known by your pussy attitude
I'm sure your magic the gathering group is real tough.
Wow. Intimidating.
Come outside I'll show you a sir!
Only for 18 more months
Yet repubs are the ones who actively try to strip rights from the gay community, vote against women's rights, and put all their power into giving money to corporations and taking from the poor. Sounds pretty hateful to me 🤔
That's your retort? You offer no proof to contradict me? How am I supposed to take you guys seriously when you can't even debate correctly?
Way to remain civil! Actually according to Row v Wade, it is a right of the Constitution.
Did I screech at you? Call you names? Give you strawman arguements? Boot you from subs? No? Then don't treat me like it. I have my arguments laid out, now either prove me wrong or be wrong.
Oh so you're above the Constitution now?
If you think that's screeching or bitching you don't know the concept of either. You do the same
Who cares? When there's a million legit things to worry about your kids, at least it's one less to worry about them getting pregnant or getting someone pregnant.
Homosexuality isn't the same thing as drugs or premarital sex or drinking. The former isn't a choice, while the three latter are. It doesn't matter what she thinks, she's wrong.
I could literally pull up thousands of articles about hate crimes happening to a gay person or a gay couple. It's in the name of the crime bud.
Or we can stop using an imaginary friend as an excuse to worsen lives of the unfortunate.
A victim shouldn't have to forgive her rapist, ever. Especially because your imaginary friend told you to.
Username relevant.
Because God is imaginary. He's fiction. He's not real. You fucking muppet.
"I'm An AnNaLiSt!" I love me some Johnny K, but that was fucking rediculous
I'm three years in and it's ok I guess. I want to go the distance for 20, but I've been in the CFP over half my career and am about to get deployed and I'm going straight to CFP when I get there. It all depends on your job and how they treat you there.
Spacey and Cosby are the weird great uncles that went to jail when you were 10 because of "tax issues."
[According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the Obama Administration created +3 million jobs for black workers during his administration.](https://www.apnews.com/d7a35c3d0ad342ad8b3a041226f06746) [According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, US Census Bureau, Department of Agreculture, Food, and Nutrition, Bureau of Economic Analysis, the Dow Jones Index, the Treasury, and various other sources sprinkled in, Obama left office with almost -6% left without health insurance, the stock market at 203% higher than the previous President, the housing market stabilized, after the housing crash he brought home ownership back to a -3.7% deficit after almost 20% of people lost their homes, he raised income 5.7%, which is above the inflation rate, brought unemployment down 6.8%, in total produced 11.8 million jobs for the US as a whole, and brought in the Sec. of Education who improved education rates in St. Louis, Chicago, Detroit, Oakland, and Compton, all cities with majority black populations.](https://www.factcheck.org/2017/09/obamas-final-numbers/) Don't tell me Dems don't give a shit about black people.
I've got 17 years left but if I get a pay cut I'll be out. I already make shit money because I'm not married and not an officer. It's bad enough our yearly raise doesn't cover inflation rates.
I'm not. I'll preface this with the fact that I've never seen or listened to a full episode of his show/podcast. Most of the information I've seen about Alex Jones is from /r/youtubehaikou where they make him into a meme, and /r/politics and /r/news where they mostly focus on what he's done to deserve the de-platforming. Now onto my point. There are two types of people who watch Alex Jones's podcast. Type one is the people who agree with his platform, and watch as a source of news and information. Type two is the people who agree/disagree with parts of his podcast (and that can range from 100% to 0%) and use it as a source of entertainment. Type one is what I'm worried about. These are the people who actually believe in gay frogs, and gay bombs, and Democrats as a whole are the Antichrist, and abortion is murder from second one of conception, and the Parkland shooting 'hoax', and HRC eats babies, and every other wacky bullshit thing Alex Jones has spouted over the years. They already believe that major corporations are out to get them, these are the people who build underground bunkers filled with canned goods to make sure when Apple and Disney drop the bomb they have shelter. Now they took their leader, their go to guy of the air, they think that's a conspiracy too. They think he's being targeted by big media for taking the only guy telling it how it is off the table. It's a conspiracy theory about THE guy who makes the conspiracies. Do I believe Alex Jones should be sued until he's broke and can't afford the microphone he speaks into? Yes. No doubt. But blocking him from speaking to the people who already hang off his teat is just asking for discourse in society from the minority of people who believe his every word.
Try splitting the middle. Wake up forty five minutes later than your first alarm, that way you wake up, go pee, drink some water, are fully awake, and then keep getting ready for the day Edit: or keep your schedule the same and invest in a brick of cocaine
Nah, fuckswithducks is one of those dudes that's been around forever, like the cage match dude, the karmawhore guy who posts like half the stuff on Reddit, sprog, and (RIP) /u/shitty_watercolour (he's not really dead, just quit a while ago)
I was told when I first got in that you should give everyone the benifit of the doubt and assume that they can read rank and nametapes, so I always introduce myself as firstname lastname rather than rank lastname.
Fuck it, The Legend of Zelda: Super Mario Asguardians of the Galaxy 3
Sometimes three
Fallacy Dismantlers^(TM)
Well the bar is Battlefront 1 &amp; 2 so horrendous sounds about perfect.
I heavily disagree, Get Out is top 5 easily, up there with Hereditary, Us, Sinister, A Cabin in the Woods, and MAYBE It Follows &amp;#x200B; Edit: I'm talking since 1999, obviously none of those movies are top 20 if we're including all movies
In this context it's like a "get out of my face IDGAF" kinda thing. I'm currently working in cfp and I make the same face every damn day when talking on the phone with some entitled contractor.
You'd be surprised at some of the walk in closets now adays, they can fit 10, maybe even 11 homosexuals
Oh wow! I'm sure it's a lovely living space. Now does that come with the washer, dryer, and 34 homosexuals or did you have to provide those?
Nobody is agreeing with that
And Macaulay Culkin dated Brenda Song for a looong time too
Probably just the department expressing graditude for his work in catching these predators. He might not be the one kicking in doors or handcuffing the perp but he's most likely on an in depth ride along.
Well when the glove fits
I wouldn't mind playing Zelda at all, as long as it doesn't end up like Mary Jane/Miles Morales in Spider-man PS4.
[They made a doc about it](https://www.google.com/search?q=MONSTER%20IN%20LAW&amp;cad=h)
Hey at least we got that blues win
People do this all the time. Ben Shapiro uses the word baby when talking about a fetus "because of the potential to be a baby" to try and use sympathy to cast the debate in his favor. On top of that he inturrupts and talks over his opponent to make them back down enough to make him look superior. At least AOC is using correct legal definitions, unlike people like Shapiro who don't use medically correct terms to make the audience sympathize.
It may be, but nobody really cares. Life is gonna go on either way.
Well you've convinced me to go vegan with that attitude. Get off your fucking high horse. Do you drive a car to work? If it's gas then you're fucking the ozone layer. Thanks a lot. If it's electric, guess what, the plants that make these electric cars work off gasoline. You're fucking the ozone layer. Thanks a lot. Do you wipe your ass with toilet paper? That's a tree you just killed. What the fuck dude? Does your house run off solar panels, windmills, or a dam system? No? Why the fuck not you're killing the environment. Do you have an iPhone? You know kids in china mass produce those for unlivable wages. You animal. Samsung? Not much better. Huawei? Same thing with spyware. Buy a ring for your sweetheart? Did you get it appraised to ensure its not a blood diamond? No? Someone probably died for that ring. Adopt any kids? No? You monster. There are 400,000 kids a year that age of of the adoption process. Why are you actively making these kids lives worse every day you don't adopt? Support PETA? They slaughter thousands of animals a year. Ever buy a soda pop or vegan water from your local BP? Remember the oil spill? Killed thousands of animals. Go to Walmart? The owner sold the Rams back to LA, you're supporting a huge money loss for the city of St. Louis. Thanks a lot. They're now the #1 crime city in the country because of it. Your attitude isn't going to change anyone's opinion, you're just an asshole. I guarantee at least five things on my list you support. Let me know if I'm wrong.
Not me, but my grandmother put thousands upon thousands of dollars into Jordan Belfort's (Wolf of Wall Street dude) company Stratton Oakmont. Lost everything. I mean everything. I feel like people watch that movie and don't realize it's based on a real dude's life, and that he ruined the lives of thousands with his greed. Now he's charging between $30,000 to $50,000 to come to speaking events, and people are paying it.
The difference is I'm not the person in control of the meat industry, and have nothing to do with them other than buying their product. I can actively choose not to abuse my wife (I don't, and am also not married, and have no prospects, I'm very lonely). &amp;#x200B; And I know what you're going to say, "well then you can choose not to buy it!" There's very few things you can buy now that don't negatively affect something or someone. Samsung, Apple, LG, Huawei, Google phones all are big manipulators of children, giving them unlivable wages working long hours. Gas cars affect the ozone, and electric car factories are fueled by coal. Tesla in particular is really bad about this. &amp;#x200B; My point is, I'm not going to tiptoe my life around every purchase I make and every calorie I consume. I have better things to do than feel guilt for every little thing I do, when in reality I'm just trying to live my best life out here.
People seemed to really enjoy frenworld for a wholesomememe-esq style subreddit. I don't get how people didn't actually see it for what it was. They played up the guise of being subtle, but they did a terrible job of it.
Spez is just the most vocal in terms of being a shithead. Everyone else behind him is also to blame, but he's going to most likely be the face.
Clint no
Imagine being overseas already, and in the military, and Animal Crossing just got delayed. I better FUCKING make it to March I want to relive my childhood to avoid my rapidly ending adulthood.
It's like you only can read the bits and pieces you want to read. I have better things to do than tip toe. I'm not going to vegan. It's a waste of time.
I didn't realize something that happened yesterday wasn't a part of history.
Wonder Woman was pretty fucking bad. Some of the worst CGI I've ever seen, only movie that's worse that I can think of off the top of my head is The Scorpion King.
I mean it's just an opinion. Its terrible CGI. Especially for 2017. Aries was laughable, he literally looks like something from 2002 shit CGI from the old X-Men movies. The plot wasn't bad, and Pine was good, but every time I see Gadot act it's like they just pulled her character from Fast and Furious and threw her in a Wonder Woman costume. She's not a great actress. Sorry if I like offended you for not liking a movie you seem to like. The entire DC Universe has been a shitfest. I'm not a hater either, I grew up watching the animated Superman/Batman/Justice League/Teen Titans/Static Shock shows, but I look at the MCU, then the DCEU, and just see a huge quality dip.
&gt; either one of those incels that are fully against female representation in film Wrong. Definitely not an incel, I appreciate a good movie, directed by a man or a woman, or starring a man or a woman. It just has to be GOOD. &gt; just a plain ol' idiot I don't think movie taste can really determine if you're a plain ol' idiot. I will happily agree that Wonder Woman is the best movie of the DCEU, but being a polished turd on top of a pile of shit doesn't make the polished turd good. If I was to rank MCU and DCEU movies combined (because none of them really hold a candle to my real top 100 movies of all time) I would have to say Wonder Woman beats out Thor 2, the original Captain America, the original Hulk, but that's really about it. Again, I'm not the person to ask, superhero movies are alright, I see them all in theaters in a popcorn flick kinda way, but they're not the movies I really, really enjoy. I'm just not going to give credit to a movie I don't think is good because you think it makes me an incel or an idiot or whatever insult you throw at me, objectively in my mind it's a bad movie. Sorry you think I hate women because I don't enjoy one movie.
Happens all the time in the CFP, like literally two or three times a week. It's not like I don't know the answer either, it's usually some TSgt who doesn't get that I also know how to get on leaveweb.
SPRING BREAK WHOOOO
Don't know why you're being downvoted, it's honest to god one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Standalone or as a Star Wars movie, just fucking terrible.
I think that might be the least controversial thing anyone has ever said ever. Nolan is one of the heaviest hitting directors in Hollywood right now. I'd put him a step or two below Scorsese and Tarantino. Snyder is... Not great. Watchmen was good, 300 was good. And that's what he's got.
He's rich because he uses taxpayer dollars to fund his weekly vacations to the golf course. He's rich because he got daddy to grant him metric ass tons of money and pay his way through Wharton. Basically he's rich because his dad was rich, and he's staying rich by using tax payer money as his personal piggy bank.
Who the fuck cares were talking about Donald Trump not his stupid fucking father.
Literally just happened to me. Like girl you're 28 and just passed the BAR, I know lying is your business and everything but shit you gotta separate work and personal.
I don't care if it was happening under George fucking Washington, it's something that the country has been made aware of in recent months and something we as a country can change.
A history of dozens of women accusing him of sexual misconduct since the 80's inculuding a testimony from his ex-wife, self admitting that he goes up to women and kisses them without asking and grabs them by their genetals, bribary towards Stormy Daniels to keep quiet about his affair on his wife who had just had their child. He's very obviously at the minimum a sexual deviant, I'll never understand why the religious base in this country are so up his ass.
There is actual evidence. In the United States testimony is a primary source of evidence in sexual assault cases. And rape kits were invented in the late 70s but weren't popularized in the US (and New York specifically) until the late 90s.
Ren was dummy thicc back in Even Stevens, I get why Beans was about it
Can't forget Rex, Napoleon Dynamite's sensi
There's no reason to like it though. It's just objectivly bad.
Emmett, I'm sure he's going to enjoy that tattoo for the rest of his life, more power to him!
In regards to Iran's oil supply: \&gt; This is roughly 10% of the world's total proven petroleum reserves. &amp;#x200B; Aww shit here we go again
Where exactly is half the country that supported Trump exactly? Dudes never risen above 46% ever in unbias polls. First president in recorded polling history to never hit 50% popularity. Lost the popular vote. Support is not a word you use when describing Trump's base.
\&gt; and we both just welcomed babies together in April &amp;#x200B; Role Tide
Cute, but you're just gonna be sad when it's 5 years later and you get this message that he's been gone for 4.
Wow original
It's just nuts to me they're wasting time on a Black Widow movie when they could be making AM3. If I wanted to watch a Black Widow movie, I'd watch Red Sparrow/Lucy/Salt/Hanna/Atomic Blonde/Charlie's Angels/Spy. There's a million spy movies already. The only movies about funny people who shrink are Ant Man, Ant Man 2, and Honey I shrunk the kids.
Be that guy? I'm sure most people would much rather have Ant Man 3 than Black Widow. It's the same with Hawkeye. Why would I want to see another spy movie, a million come out a year. Same with badass dudes who are good with a bow/gun/fists. At least ant man has cool shit in the quantum realm and has an interesting personality, unlike Hawkeye and BW.
Jesus fucking Christ how can you still defend a sub that LITERALLY has supported Nazis. And not discreetly. Like stickied, on the front page, plastered on the wall. The fucking roundabouts you people have to go through to think something is ok is astounding and quite frankly scary.
A corporate mega company is against a call to violence on their site. Oh the humanity.
No, that's trespassing on private property, potentially causing thousands of dollars of damage to heavy machinery, causing a disruption in the workplace, and there was almost a dead body on the scene. They had no right to be there, I hope each and everyone of them gets charges pressed against them.
About 6% of Americans are vegan. You wanna sue 94% of America?
Well definitely not murder. They're mindless animals, not humans, ya dipshit. They have no rights.
We're the top of the food chain for a reason. And the end of the day we're all mammals. A lion isn't going to not eat an unarmed person if it gets the chance. Literally, no. They don't have a choice in the matter. If they want a choice they need to evolve a hell of a lot faster.
Now you're starting to get it
94% of Americans eat meat daily. You're not gonna change enough people's minds. All you vegans, please, just fucking give up on your shit cause.
It's not psycho to want people to stay off private property and mind their own damn business.
Sure, warm up a plate.
Tell ya what, I'm going to go eat a big steak in your name, /u/Wolgemuth. If I can eat a steak for every vegan, that's already worth something.
Lol you're the one wasting time by replying dipshit
You obviously noticed or you wouldn't have commented back
With a fork and knife mostly, sometimes a spoon.
An imaginary friend gave him strength to do this?
Yeah, no he's not real. A work of fiction. Made up by man.
I'm straight and seriously looked at that shirtless picture of him for a good 20 seconds.
I don't mind it when it's celebs like Adam Scott, who basically said "hey, stop using my face for your campaign trail, I dislike you." That I understand.
I see all of my exes compiled and wrote an article!
Because I base my life on proof, where exactly is the proof this god fella exists
Well there's two parts in this video and in the real unedited video: 1) Trump is answering an interview question. Someone coughs over him. No big deal let's reset and go again. 2) Trump then begins to criticize the cougher, giving him shit for a human body function. Nobody is upset with part 1, that's a reasonable request. Part 2 is where everyone is pissed, because it's just rude and uncalled for.
You know when the drummer from Coldplay shows up, you're fucked.
First of all how dare you
How is love disgusting exactly?
Hillary was working on political campaigns before she even met Bill, and got her law degree before he graduated, AND turned down his first proposal to him. I'm not a fan of her by any means but she was set to do well in life with or without him.
What if my hobby is losing money on the stock market?
What if my hobby is losing money on the stock market?
I honestly love the Weekend Update on SNL. It's the only part I really watch. The two dudes have good enough chemistry and they usually aren't having slow news updates because they go by quick and Trump usually says something moronic and there's always a couple big stories every week on top of that. They could extend it to a half hour and I'd watch it for sure.
I can definitely agree it's one of the biggest redemptions in gaming history, but I'll never go back of buy another game from them. Congrats to Sean and the crew for finally catching up to what they promised, it only took years after release.
It was literlally never clear Trump would win until literally after the election results came in. Everyone, including Trump supporters thought Hillary had it in the bag.
I played with a group on a two week server before I got deployed. It was my first time playing but 3 of them have a couple thousand hours each in the game. I had fun, my heart was pounding every trip to the ship or refinery, trying to run into the fort we built just in case there were lurkers watching and waiting to kill us. Stealing helicopters from other bases. We did a raid, ended up locking them in their own house, and later got counter raided by 5 or 6 people back and killed them all multiple times and getting all their weapons. I look back on that very pleasantly, I completely understand how people can spend hundreds of hours perfecting fort building alone, the art to gathering resources, the perfect plot point for your fort, accuracy with bows for early game kills. I get it. Could I ever do it again? No. In two weeks after work from 5-12 and weekends from 8am-2am I was in game and we were constantly building, fighting, raiding, or defending. We joined the second the server wiped and finally quit when it wiped again, then I was deployed a few days later. I'm lucky that two of the players are married and had a kid because I'm worried if I came back, I would be sucked in with them again until I had 2000+ hours and knew every inch of the map. They said I was the best pilot of all of us, I'll always keep that as a little badge of honor and hopefully never play the game again.
It's not and it's the biggest controversy in my life right now
I didn't even realize there were different timelines until the very end of episode 3. I honestly didn't even piece together who the queen was until the last two minutes. Once I figured out they were jumping around timelines the rest of the show made so much more sense. I watched it through twice and it made much more sense the second time. Same thing with True Detective Season 1 &amp; 3, Westworld, and Lost.
I've got about 100 shares of BKR and I'm hoping that'll jump up today. I'm going to sell all my BTI at opening and hopefully get some more BKR before a big jump. That's my plan at least.
I want Matthew Trebek, keep the lineage going. Make it a dinesty
I can't get on board with Netflix anymore, a year or two ago I'd be all about it but with Disney+, Amazon Prime Video, HBO, HBO Max, Apple TV+, Peacock, Quibi, Discovery, and soon Viacom/Miramax (on the table, not confirmed) it's hard to picture streaming services being a viable stock option. Of course, I say that now, while Netflix is at $325.90 as of this post. I'm gonna do a remind me in 363 days and see future me eat my fucking words.
I agree with you in some parts. It is growing rapidly and all of these companies are going to grow, but they're going to reach a max cap sooner than later. Only so many people are ever going to use these services, and few people have the means to have multiple or all services. And once more and more people cut cables, every channel is going to have one streaming service, through their own site or by granting streaming rights to another company. So inevitably it's going to run the streaming services so thin that it's going to be like buying tv channels one at a time rather than in a package like cable, so you have the opposite problem of cable.
Literally the only Zelda game on my list. Yeah I'll play the other ones, but Wind Waker will always hold a special place in my heart as my favorite game of all time.
TIL I'm close to being that cut, I just need to work out six days a week, follow a strict diet of protein and leaves and never eating or drinking anything of taste.
It def happens. Happened to me in the last 365 days.
The economy was rising at the same pace well before Trump was in office.
Seahawks v Texans Superbowl, Seahawks wins 23-21. Kicker gets injured and Marshawn wins the game with a FG from the 37 yard line, finally completing his destiny from 2014.
Garrett as head coach and Michael Vick as assistant. That would complete the browns.
As of right now apple stock is up $0.40. Started off today -$3.70 below the last closing price. So basically people were outraged for about 20 minutes.
I agree with you, but I can't see anyone going there to get blasted, it's too expensive compared to a traditional bar. Alcohol is obviously a plus but I doubt people would go there for a bar setting when the local water hole with $1.50 beers is right down the street, compared to a $6.00 beer at Top Golf
Seeing him in the trailer was the most crestfallen I've been in a long time. I was like who's this skinny little dude, he's supposed to be the bigger badder Vader? Even with my complete disdain for the sequel trilogy, I could dig him the whole time, and his ouch at the end of 3 was the one time I truly laughed the entire trilogy.
You know he'd lie about it in front of congress though. "A blowjob from /u/plagueisthedumb? No way. Blowjobs from the best models, the greatest most beautiful women, ask anyone, ask Epstein he saw it in his plane a thousand times!"
I really only use my PC, but if the game was made for PS4/XB1/Switch I think it was meant to be played on them, unless you're an Overkill developer.
I do, but I'm not gonna dog on console players because they don't have the cash or time to maintain a PC that can run 4K.
He got away with it too, all the way to the last breath that was ~~strangled~~ suicided out of him.
Look my man I want my Minecraft blocks looking sharp alright? No in all seriousness, I completely understand most don't. I had the spare cash to put in a card, processor, and monitor that could do 4K, so I'm gonna use it. But I'd never dog on anyone for not, PC or otherwise.
With the art of the deal, he's obviously so good at it. Killing the person on the other end of the deal isn't really a good way to initiate a deal. But hell what do I know, I didn't read his book he didn't write.
St. Louis and London, I've lived in both and that's about what I paid from 2015-2020. Far from 1975. Just have to find the right bars that's all.
Fuck that, that's rediculous. If you're ever in STL, when I lived there Hair of the Dog was the spot to hit! London is a little harder, I live about two hours outside of the city and the pub in my neighborhood is pound (about a dollar thirty) beers Monday through Thursday.
I think he's busy with the Falcons, but hey at least every year he has a ton of time once the post season starts.
Right? Instead of getting $40 for a full game on 3DS they're making you pay $90 for a full game on Switch.
I can tell you it's on Earth somewhere. I am not deployed to the moon. Do not use a telescope and look at the moon, there is no secret army base there.
Thank you! You do the same
All of this is perfect except you're missing a big detail. Even with lacking end game content in the newer gens, they still included all pokemon upfront, the cost was $40, and any after release content like special events was free. Now they're saying: &amp;#x200B; "Hey if you want new content, you'll have to pay for it! We know we didn't include 300 pokemon in the game that's been in every game for the past 20 years, but now you can almost *catch em' all!* for an extra $30! Don't want to pay $30? Well, boy, do we have an option for you, you can trade them to your console through our broken online system, or you can pay a monthly charge for Pokemon Home, where you can use old games you paid for to transfer to the new game you paid for, all for the low price of $5 a month!" &amp;#x200B; They're charging to actually deliver a STILL unfinished game. All the pokemon aren't in it. It's ridiculous.
The consumer defines a complete product, not the designer. Just because it's up to the designer/manufacturer/producer to release the product without features, doesn't mean the consumer has to agree with the product quality. We shouldn't bend over to the product maker and let them fuck us in the ass, we can vote with our wallets until the product fits the criteria the consumer sets. Case and point, No Man's Sky. They finally fixed their unfulfilled product to the standard set before launch and now people praise it. And they did it all for free. And Nintendo and gamefreak are charging to complete a game, and it's STILL going to be missing Pokemon. A bit rediculous, and anybody who disagree is looking at this through rose tinted glasses.
Every time I pee it's red, is that normal?
1. I'm right 2. You're wrong 3. bye bye 4. see step 3 5. see step 3 6. see step 3 7. see step 3 8. see step 3 9. see step 3 10. see step 3 11. see step 3 12. see step 3
My mom watches her bullshit show and it drives me nuts. She's a smart woman. Doctorate, 4.0 grade point average all throughout college, raised 3 kids on her own. She says it's a guilty pleasure. Same with Dr. Maurey and Dr. Phil. It's all BS to me.
I love the fast and furious films because I look back at the first one where they stuggle to rob an 18 wheeler, then you look at the new ones where they're driving through multiple skyscrapers and off cliffs and are just fine. It's always fun to see what fucking stupid shit they're going to write next.
And they would've gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for those pesky Democrats, and AOC too!
Exactly. Someone smokes and they're fucking disgusting to some people, then to the same people skydiving and free climbers are the coolest people ever. People need to mind their own fucking business.
I never said they were the same but they're both chemicals introduced to your brain from unusual behavior the body isn't used to. Adrenaline started with the fight or flight method thousands of years ago. It's not supposed to be used to jump out of an airplane. Dopamine being introduced to the brain from cigarettes is just as artificial as artificial danger from adrenaline rushes from jumping out of a plane. And hey that was your neighbors choice. If his wife or kids couldn't get him to stop, and he couldn't on his own, that's his fault and not theirs.
And if they were addicted to free climbing you might not have parents. It's all give and take.
He says "hot and horny" at the beginning of his potato salad music video, and A$AP Rocky tells him to stop saying stuff like that. I'm glad he didn't listen.
If you like his vibe watch Loiter Squad. It's him and his friends doing skits to fuck with eachother. It's like Jackass, they don't really fuck with other people that much, just eachother. If they bring other people in they're usually in on it.
Flower Boy is probably my favorite album of all time. I'd give it a listen from start to finish. It's an album of self discovery about his life. It's a complete 180° from his "Kill People, Burn Shit, Fuck School" days. Like literally the most opposite you could get.
Geez I'm trying to be like you. I've got 17 done this semester and today is exactly four weeks in. Hopefully I can keep my mind right like you did and keep it up. Congrats!
What's not to hate? They're all fucking cocksuckers.
The August **1968** Democratic National Convention became the venue for huge **demonstrations** against the Vietnam War and the political system in the **U.S.** It culminated in a televised "police riot," where Chicago police waded into crowds in front of the convention center and beat **protesters**. &amp;#x200B; So fuck off.
A privatized police force paid for at a state level through taxes at a flat rate with no incentives for fines placed on civilians. Allow them to be sued for misconduct, with body cams built into the uniform constantly on, every second including bathroom breaks and meals. Not a second untouched. No warrant knocks eliminated from procedure. Lastly, the police vehicles need to model European cars. Big lettering and obvious paintjobs that show they are police. No more of this undercover cop car design. I would trust a cop if ALL of that was met and nothing less.
Pigs putting you in a blanket
If I could smoke through time I would probably pick ODB, Cheech, Chong, Willie Nelson, Wanda Sykes and Abraham Lincoln. I pick Lincoln because he's famously quoted for saying "Two of my favorite things are sitting on my front porch smoking a pipe of sweet hemp, and playing my Hohner harmonica." It'd be nice to show him what it's like 157 years after he put out the Emancipation Proclamation. Seven peeps of different ethnicities and genders and times in a circle puff puff passing. Plus it'd be cool to show him That 70s Show, because he'd think "wow, a lot changed five years after my death."
The time traveling assassin is extra confused, seeing as he's trying to kill Jackson 3 years AFTER the Trail of Tears.
His nickname is fucking Mad Dog, and he has a bronze star, which is a higher class medal than the people heart. You only get it for heroism in combat. But yeah "Bone Spurs" Trump is the strong one. Conservatives are so god damn stupid.
I'd rather my tax dollars go to housing and feeding a dirty cop in prison then housing and feeding one on duty.
The NYPD is notoriously one of the more violent, corrupt, and morally bankrupt police forces in the country. Just because they did something good 19 years ago doesn't mean they aren't mostly scum.
This just isn't true, we had a racist ass Chief in our squadron for about 6 months. Everyone from E-2 to E-6 spoke out against him and he was gone AND demoted to E-8 pretty quick. It's easy to speak out against wrongdoing.
I have no respect for police and find this funny.
Either way it's all bad news. If he got caught he's either dead or in prison forever. If he didn't get caught, he still lives in a society where he can't proudly say "that was me" 30 years later.
Well, I make it two.
Maybe throw in a lightsaber Wendy's joke, it's hilarious it's well crafted, gen z will be joining space force just to see your memes general, no cap.
I need to replay this game like yesterday, I never realized as a kid who all was voice acting in this game.
I think Casey could be Joel's brother. The accent for him doesn't matter as much but he could still be a pivotal character.
What about Vincent D'Onofrio?
Sorry that's completely my mistake, I didn't realize I was talking to a retarded guy.
And so is their leader, Kristen.
I'm not so concerned about their training, it's their money I want to fuck with. If someone sues the department, it comes out of our own taxes. Fuck that. I want every cent to come out of their pensions. I don't know about you, but I'd do my job and do my job well for my retirement.
I don't agree with the poster but that doesn't mean (s)he should be punished. You wanna know who puts discredit on the AF, look at the guy from Travis AFB that just killed a PO. It was also a respectful disagreement. It was a bit blunt but gave out actual points, reasons why the member thought Chief Wright was in the wrong. Again, I don't agree with it. I think Chief is more then right to have personal frustrations about the incident and other incidents similar, and that saying that an internal fear of his is to be killed by police is valid in America today. At the end of the day, the poster gave a decent detail of his or her arguement, and Chief seems to be pretty damn resilient. I'm sure if he sees it from here or the page or it's sent to him, he would take time to reflect over it. I doubt his position would change but he seems like the kind of dude who takes criticism with stride.
Anybody who worked with this guy would most likely be in their 70s if his service was around 1950-1970. I hope there are plenty of 70 year olds on this subreddit shit posting with us, but the likely hood of finding on of them that new this guy specifically is slim.
It's going to be a close race but Biden has a decent chance already. He's pretty much won or is probably going to win in CA, OR,WA, NV, CO, NM, MN, IL, VA, NY, VT, NH, MA, RI, CT, NJ, DE, MD, HI, and DC. That puts him around 232 EC votes. With that he only really needs Florida and really any other neutral state and he has his 270. On the other hand, Trump has basically already won MT, ID, WY, UT, ND, SD, NE, KS, OK, TX, LA, AR, MO, IA, TN, MS, AL, GA, SC, KY, IN, OH, AK, and WV putting him at about 204 EC votes. A 28 point gain on Trump is big, but if Trump wins PA and/or FL, it's going to get down to the wire really quick.
I could seriously see Trump putting a dick pic on twitter if the hashtag #turnipdicktrump started trending. I'd honestly put money on it.
Don't you think they call it the flyover country for a reason? Because nobody gives a fuck about some hick in Idaho wanted the gays to not be able to be married.
"Poll analyst Nate Silver found that Gallup's results were the least accurate of the 23 major polling firms Silver analyzed, having the highest incorrect average of being 7.2 points away from the final result." Gallup is not reliable.
Ok so if you think polls are bullshit why are you referencing one that makes Trump look favorable?
There was a light pole in the middle of out parking lot on base that was basically a ritual for new airmen to accidentally hit in the GOV on the way out of the parking lot. It's in just the right position where it's in the blindside of the giant trucks we drive. There were a few different avenues we could go down that made sense. Change the parking spot for the GOV = $0 Not replace the bumper/get a new paint job every time it hit the pole = $0 Not drive giant f150s for the comm squadron, buy a Focus instead = -$10,000 And then there's the choice that was actually made. Hire a construction company from the US to come over to a foreign country onto base to remove the pole and re-cement the parking lot. They ended up having to tear up a huge portion of the parking lot. Took 5 months, I would assume it cost the government a few hundred thousand to cover equipment, salary, getting clearances checked, and getting the team over in the first place. The kicker? We ended up losing our GOVs a few weeks after the project was done due to mission needs. They were gone for over a year up until the point of me getting out of the military. They also kept that spot for GOVs, even though we had none. The big brains in the military at work folks, using your tax dollars wisely.
I'm pretty damn far left. Pro-choice, atheist, tattoos, premarital sex, the moral backbone of a chocolate eclair is what most people in this sub probably think of me. And that's ok, I know who I am and what I support and why I support it. I also can see the other side, why people are pro-life, celebrate religion, why people are upset over kneeling during the anthem. I get it. I don't agree but I can understand it and love to hear perspectives from all sides. I proudly support the left, and I'm proud to live in a country where you can proudly support the right. Anyways, to my point, I agree with Obama on this quote, and I agree with both Trump and Obama on the legality of people coming into the US. I don't think any republican or democrat or anyone in between is completely one sided and refusing to budge on any issue. I'm very pro 2A, and think everyone (except the mentally unfit and convicted felons) should have a gun. Do I think Trump is racist as shit? Hell yeah, but not for illegal immigration. It's the whole Mexicans are rapists, a history of not confronting racism in his hotels and casinos from his staff, and Central Park Five shenanigans. Either way, your last comment struck me for some reason. Just because I'm a deplorable lefty and you're an uptight right doesn't mean we can't find common ground over a beer at the end of the day, metaphorically speaking.
Lefty here, I'm honestly curious and come with absolutely no ill intent, I've never seen the phrase anti-family. Is that in reference to gay marriage, pro-abortion, or just the statistic that younger people are getting married at a lower rate then any point in the past 150ish years? Again, no ill intent, just an honest question. Also I'm not saying all young people are leftist, obviously there are plenty of young conservatives in the country.
Yeah OPs claim is fucking wacko, 90% is way off. But then again 49% is most likely off too. I doubt Trump at any point will reach Obama level of approval rating. 538 is the most accurate, it takes many polls from both sides and gets their accuracy ratings and compiles it into generally a pretty accurate graph. It doesn't have trump overcome Obama at any point although he does come close a few times. I'm sure at one point it's possible more people approved of trump then Obama but it's impossible to get the exact number.
My bad, it's just natural after so long. It's a government vehicle. In this case it's a Ford F150 specifically.
I just watched that episode yesterday, Lily says she's been guessing for three days straight. They didn't repeat any guesses on screentime but I would assume she did off screen.
Biden isn't a new tire. He's an old worn out one that barely putters along. Yeah he might get us a small but further than trump and it might be a bit prettier, but the dude is still not America's best and brightest by a damn longshot. We can do so much better.
She was in a PREMARITAL bed with her boyfriend at the time while also being black?? She was basically asking for it! All lives matter #MAGA!
While I agree that's a benefit, letting RBG retire, it's unfortunately her own fault she's in this circumstance. She could have retired anytime from 2008-2014ish. I'm not saying the benefits of Biden don't outweigh the repercussions, I'm just saying as a country I can't believe it's come down to these two candidates. I thought the same thing in 2016. It's pretty sad we can't find actual good representation for our Executive branch.
Here's my go to move. You meet someone you think would be cool to chill with. You tell them your favorite joke. If they laugh, they're probably similar enough to you that you two will get along. If they say something like "oh no that's horrible haha" it means they're humoring you and don't think it's funny. My go to is always the difference between jam and jelly. That's a good one that only my closest peeps find funny.
If you have to slam on your breaks and swerve on a guy going 5 mph under the speed limit, that's their own fault. It's complete jackassery to even think the victim here was doing anything wrong.
I had my hopes up for some GTA6 news but HZD2 would be cool I guess
Could I get some neck too if it's announced?
This year too?? What a big announcement!
I thought at the end it was going to pan up to Jak behind him instead of the next Rule34 craze.
They announced a port to PS5. Updated graphics and enhancements for GTAV. Not even DLC.
It's almost perfect, but if you watch the mouths they're just a BIT off. That and the shine off their eyes.
I expect them to look on par with PS4 titles, half these games look straight out of the PS3.
This and Spider-Man are the only games I've seen that look interesting to me. At least it's something to be excited for.
Right? At the beginning of the game they put up a disclaimer for some games showing off mature content.
Demon Souls remake? /r/EldenRing on suicide watch.
Most likely, but them putting some focus on remakes or other games is probably going to drive the folks on that sub to insanity. Although, they may have another studio putting work into it or the devs might be finishing up ER and some are moving onto this.
It's supposed to match the horrible nature of the rest of the conference.
I had to buy a Mac for college to take ONE class based on it's OS. After that it was basically a paperweight. I have a two monitor setup at home and at this point it's left monitor HBO Max, right monitor Dark Souls 3, Mac is DS3 item tracker to try and 100% the game.
People always talk about the chemistry between Pitt and Clooney in the Oceans series but anywhere Gould shows up in the trilogy (idk if he's in 8) is amazing. The brunch scene in the beginning of 11 discussing which casinos the boys want to hit has some amazing back and forth.
Well you know what they say Wu-Tang is for the children and NWA is for the conspirators.
Other than the 1x1 thing he fucked himself over big-time in the marvel universe. Could've gotten paid a shit ton but insisted his side character was worth as much as the title character and got himself the boot. Then complained about it for years, costing him other jobs.
Ah yes Quentin Benshapiro
I'm with you, Seahawks fan in the military. You say Russell Wilson is a top 5 QB right now and everyone from the newest airman to the crustiest chief come up and tell you you're wrong, why you're wrong, and why it was a mistake you were ever born. Wilson, Mahomes, Bridgewater, Allen, and Cousins by the way, in no particular order, will be the top 5 this season. IN MY OPINION EVERYONE IS ENTITLED TO THEIR OWN.
I just don't understand you guys. Instead of saying literally anything well thought out about WHY you respect trump as a president or what policies you like that he's signed to law or what he's done to win your vote in 2020 so everyone can better understand your position, you all fall into this meme of orange man. It's embarrassing and cringy and honestly makes you seem like you're not old enough to vote.
30:1? What dorms were you partying in?? When I was a dorm rat it was 100% males, unless a women from security forces came to shut down the party at 4 am.
I don't disagree, I mean shit just look at the post we're commenting on. A jab at trump based on his looks instead of something more dishonest about his character. A picture of him golfing during peaceful protests or a picture of him with Epstein. Something that could actually bring in political discussion. People complain about this sub getting too political but I think it's more about the fact that most political posts here are jabs rather than an actual post that could provide thought provoking context.
Karma literally doesn't matter. It means zilch, nada, nothing. Who cares if people disagree with you? It can still be had if everyone actually commenting (i.e. you and me) keep level heads.
I'm so bad at the game I DO hate when people score on me. Do they not know I'm trying to win??
Between 2001 and 2013 Rockstar released the following: Oni, GTAIII, Smugglers Run 2, Max Payne, State of Emergency, The Italian Job, GTA Vice City, Smugglers Run, Midnight Club 2, Max Payne 2, Manhunt, Red Dead Revolver, GTA Advance, GTA San Andreas, Midnight Club 3, The Warriors, GTA Liberty City Stories, Bully, GTA Vice City Stories, Rockstar Games Table Tennis, Manhunt 2, GTAIV, Bully: Scholarship Edition, Midnight Club LA remix, Midnight Club Los Angeles, two GTAIV DLCs, GTA Chinatown wars, Beaterator, Red Dead Redemption, Red Dead Redemption DLC, LA Noire, GTA III ten year anniversary edition. Out of all of these games, 14 are worth playing, and three dlc are worth playing. Now let's look at 2013 to 2021: Max Payne 3, GTA V (PS3/360), GTA V Online (PS3/360), GTA V (PS4/XB1), GTA V Online (PS4/XB1), GTA V (PC), GTA V Online (PC), Bully Anniversary Edition, LA Noire for VR, RDR2 (XB1/PS4), Red Dead Online (XB1/PS4), RDR2 (PC) Red Dead Online (PC), and now we have GTA V (PS5) GTA V Online (PS5). That's 3 games worth playing, one online not worth playing, and no DLC. Basically what I'm getting at is yeah, RDR2 exists, but barely. Everyone wants new single player content from Rockstar except the idiots spending assloads on shark cards, and it takes way to long to get it.
Shhh, I've gotten 24 college credits done, quit smoking, and lost twelve pounds since March, don't make me go back yet I'm begging you.
Mine just has basic medical and dentist. Nothing special. I'm not trying to dig for things wrong with me for disability or anything but I also want to make sure my free healthcare goes to use while I still have it.
I feel that for sure. Good luck to ya! I hope your transition goes smoothly!
Could I ask at what point does a specific amount of experience becomes an amount to put on a resume? Mine currently states 4+ years experience in a similar field and I'm wondering if that is too little. A disclaimer, I do realize this is job to job, 4+ years experience is too much for basic help desk functions, but too little for most management positions.
That's all great information, and I appreciate you taking the time out of your day to let me know your thoughts. I'm a little nervous, I'm getting out of the military in about 6 months and will have around 5 years experience at that point in actual job experience, not including basic. I'm hoping to find something but your point about employers seeing me as a burden for how long I've been in the same career is very valid. I've worked a lot of jobs in the military from help desk to a technician on basic computers to working executive position tech assistance to now leading a team. Hopefully with all of that under my belt I can find something on the outside I love doing.
I really do appreciate all of the wise words. This really does help me a ton. I haven't even heard of VEOA or VRA but looking now I should be qualified once I get out. I'm adding the packages to fill out in the future to my HDD as we speak. I also just edited my resume to add in my AFSC, to make sure I have it clearly identified on there. I scheduled appointments today for everything imaginable in terms of heath. Not because I'm chasing a huge disability check, but I might as well get checked up now while I have Tricare. Thank you again for all of your advice and words, it's truly appreciated!
I'm on the fence about Skai Jackson. I'm with her on exposing/doxxing racists, but she's now had a few cases where it was someone underage doing it to meme, or fake DMs she fell for. If she isn't 100% certain this person is truly racist and 18+, I don't blame her honestly. I know doxxing is horrible, but racism is at least 3x more horrible.
Honestly, you've given me more help with two messages than AFRC (who are supposed to help with resumes and getting out in general), my supervision, and medical combined. I know the award isn't much but it's my way of saying thanks!
More of an eye for an eye kinda thing. I wouldn't do it personally, I don't have the time, influence, detective skills, or money to pay someone to do it for me. But if I see someone who's ACTUALLY racist, not 12-13, with ACTUAL proof of racism get doxxed, it doesn't make me upset.
I agree, I think what she did to this 12-13 year old is wrong, and don't agree with her doing that one bit, even if it was an accident it's not fair to the 12-13 year old. Although being that age and tweeting the n word isn't exactly great either, but they didn't deserve doxxing.
No, it's really fucking not.
That's not even true. Video surveillance is a hell of a thing.
Yes, it really is. Fuck racism. I hope the actual racists ALL get called out for their sick views. It's not just having or stating, plenty act on their views too.
And it works when the person isn't innocent.
Minorities fear for their life due to racists. A taste of their own medicine isn't a bad idea in my opinion. A racist person isn't going to change their mind. This isn't American History X. A shitty person almost always stays shitty. I have no faith in a racist.
Forgive me, this is actually the first I'm hearing about this. Did he know they were 16? Was one of them on twitter like "oh I'm a huge fan!" and he replied to it in the DMs. Because how is he supposed to know she's 16 unless she tells him. It's the same thing with tinder. I've been talking to girls who are older than 18 on their profile but then after talking for a minute they tell me they're younger than that and it's an instant block and report.
After rewatching recently, I love that it visually shows the guy who'd been torturing Iroh for months was alive and super impressed with Iroh. It just shows Iroh is as badass as his reputation says he is. It also shows that everything Iroh had been teaching Zuko about peace and taking the high road is true.
Oh then yeah that's a no from me dog. Dude's a creep for sure.
It's a bit of give and take. A cover letter will get you in the door for an interview more often, but take more time when applying to edit each version. If you're decent, you can create a cover letter and have it edited in 5 minutes to incorporate the date, hiring manager's name, position, company, and a few buzz words from the position to style it around your skills while maintaining your integrity on your actual skills. It's easier when you're applying for jobs in restaurants or stores, the cover letter barely has to change if you send them out in bulk in one day. The employer is going to be looking for experience and availability. But if you're like me, applying for positions in IT, every employer is looking for something different, so getting that cover letter right every time is a little more of a hassle. I'd recommend a cover letter for everybody, it gives an employer a friendly greeting before diving into your experiences.
Remember during the wildfires in Australia that one chick was selling nudes for donations to relief funds? That's a role model if I've ever seen one.
I went to basic with a guy who had just turned 18 and wanted to be in the military his entire life. Fit guy, did a lot of lifting, practically never ran. So we're running every other day and at the end of every run the guy is talking about how hard it is to breathe. The last week of basic, after graduation while we're sitting around waiting to get bussed to tech school, he goes to medical just to see if there's anything wrong. Turns out ol dude has a severe form of asthma and gets a medical discharge instead of honorable. I still talk to him this day, he moved back with his parents afterwords. He didn't do enough military to get the GI Bill so that form of college is off the table. He was having trouble finding a job and the first thing most employers ask when he gets in the door is why he got a non honorable discharge. He's finally got a good job as a mechanic going to college part time. I knew the guy eight weeks and he's an awesome dude. I'm glad to see him getting things together.
This just made me so much more nervous to get out of the military because this is in the same vein of joke we all make within 3 minutes of walking in on a Monday. It's going to be hard filtering myself after years and years of not giving a fuck
Could you tell this to Chris D'Elia, it's advice he needs to hear right now.
I knew Dunder Mifflin was evil.
Easy, every quarter the day before the ex-dividend date, just sell everything and put all your money into T. Two days later sell all your T stock and you'll get that dope .52 a stock. Just think, if you buy 10,000 T stock at $30.50 and sell for $30.50, you make $5,200. According to a website dedicated to the purchase and selling of used vehicles, you could buy 1.8915969443 PT Cruisers for that! You and your spouse could almost have a car each with one investment!
Oh I'm fully aware, it was just a joke. Obviously you could just keep the stocks until they settle back around $30.50 but that could take months if at all. Not worth it. I know there's no get rich quick schemes in the market short of insider trading.
Oh very true, I didn't even think about it. I'm spending too much time over at WSB 😬
10,000x0.52 is 5,200?
Grey Worm was my favorite character. I'm still pressed about how much they fucked him up.
They must've forgotten about that part.
Same with NakeyJakey. Dude ripped RDR2 up, I can't imagine what he's gonna do with this, all while being ripped on a 30 rack.
Or just buy the single episode on Amazon, where it's still available for rent or purchase.
Don't give Bethesda any ideas, they'll do anything to make sure a new Elder Scrolls game doesn't come out.
So here's my personal issue. I'm working week on week off, usually 12+ hour days the weeks I'm working. It seems like every single time shipment or shoothouse is brought in is the week that I'm working a million hours. There was one week where shipment was back to back, and guess what? That's the week I worked two weeks in a row. I swear my boss is doing this on purpose somehow. I just want to unlock the one skin, I've been trying for as long as the games been out. I don't even know what it's called anymore. Demascus? DeMarcus? I've got all the shotguns plat, the knife plat, and the shield plat. The rest I'm like halfway through except snipers because I suck with them and am just giving up on them until they're literally my only option left. But it's impossible to get skins rapidly unless you're on those maps.
I agree. Go look at a game like THPS2. Five game modes: Career Mode, Free Skate, Simple Session, Multiplayer and the Level Editor. 18 playable characters AND a create a character. 10 maps. A dope soundtrack. Cheatcodes galore. No DLC or additional content, not just because it wasn't a norm, but because it was a full game on release. Imagine if a game like that came out today. You might get the five game modes off the bat, but four maps would be released, and the other six would be DLC, season passes would give you new character skins, the soundtrack would be ass since they wouldn't want to pay for licencing so they just hire the cheapest guy to score their game, and cheatcodes? No way. You want additional content like big head mode it's 70 levels deep into a season pass. Either do 400,000 kickflips or pay to unlock up to that season pass level.
We need throwing pencils.
Trust me I'm very aware. I hate the fallout series with a passion. I think they're the most boring games of all time. Really any wasteland post-apocalypse games just are not for me. Give me the fantasy RPG any day. I love the lore and setting of the ES games. I wish they would've fliped the game releases. Give me starfield in 5 years, I want a new ES in a year. The thing that REALLY chaps my ass is the fact that since the original release of Skyrim, Bethesda has released 24 games. Out of those 24, Doom, Doom Eternal, Dishonored, Wolfenstein TNO and Wolfenstein TNC are worth playing.
Yes, but all resources are owned by ZeniMax media, who should be funnelling all budget into ES6 instead of another shitty fallout game. Fuck fallout, fuck doom, fuck dishonored, fuck prey, fuck the rest of their IPs.
As someone in the military, destiny is 20x more confusing because yeah we sometimes have acronyms in acronyms but Destiny uses MADE UP FICKING WORDS and then shortens them. Like goddamn SC is stormcaller and CE is crota's end.
I ALMOST feel bad for Lindsey Graham and Mike Pence. They're so far in the closet they can't even find their way out, and if they did it'd be political suicide. Indiana and South Carolina are both pretty deep red states. If they came out their careers would be over. I say ALMOST feel bad because between those two dickheads and McConnell, they've caused LBGTQ+ rights to be limited, staggered, and stepped all over for a combined total of about 75 years.
Ted Mosby, 33 years before he met the mother.
Nassar breathing free air again and the father Scott free, goddamn do I love justice.
And yet I'd rather listen to The White Stripes 365 days of the year. It's almost as if taste is subjective and some people might enjoy one band over another.
Idk if you're blind but I'm not the same person, dipshit. I'm putting in a different perspective, not moving the goalpost. #41 is overplayed.
And you injected some psudo-musical theory from a 101 class in. Go back to CCNA, cable dog 😂 easy ass cert and you're flaunting it like it's something.
Snooped 😂 it's the first comment in your history it's not like I'm scrolling. I'm sorry for whatever happened in your life to become CCNA certified and be proud of it. Get a PMP or CEH, something actually useful.
There's still Jo Jorgensen, a better candidate than either. I'm about as far left as Bernie but I'd rather have Jo then two incoherent old men.
It's not as easy to just vote liberal every time. My three biggest concerns with our legal system are drug legalization, pro-choice, and LGBTQ+ rights. Which Jorgenson is pro all three. Biden doesn't support legalization, Biden has fought for the pro-life AND anti-LGBTQ+ side in the past so I don't trust him to change his views just because it's 2020. &amp;#x200B; I'm not with her on gun rights, taxation of corporations, and views on religion, but I'll take weed, pro-choice, equal rights, but a less regulated market, the same gun rights/restrictions, and churches still remaining tax-free over Biden or Trump.
