Most cars only come with one owner's manual.
I don't see how that's relevant to adapting the engine to an inline six design.
Work on your reading comprehension you fool. The original comment said to bring back NA V12s, not to get rid of hybrid power. That you conflated those things is your own fault.
Yes, although you didn't even mention the maintenance implications of a stressed member engine.
They had a *clue* but they were kind of poking around in the dark. Their understanding of the physics was nothing compared to today (they weren't really doing anything with ground effects), and their means of testing designs was rudimentary at best. Calm down, OP wasn't saying they were stupid people.
Source?
...yes? GM certainly had their own internal launch schedule, and it was delayed. It doesn't matter if it wasn't officially publicised.
Some people shouldn't.
I got 99 problems but this ain't one.
Link from up above: http://www.comedycentral.co.uk/south-park/videos/we-are-the-champions
The sound is literally like nails on a chalkboard though.
Don't be daft. It's that type of sound that invokes an involuntary cringe/shudder/shiver. Other common ones are dragging a fork on a plate, squeaking styrofoam, or some types of plastic wrap, like those on popsicles for me. These cars are actively unpleasant to listen to. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chalkboard_scraping
Nobody has ever managed to explain to me why pitstops for refueling is terrible for overtaking but pitstops for tires is not.
His hair gets more gray, but that seems to be about it.
Nice! If Ovi gets the hatty I might open up my Casa Noble Añejo.
There's a quote from years ago, I think against the Canadiens. He got his nose busted up early in the game and to paraphrase, "I got mad so I scored four goals."
I feel like some coaches take the attitude of "it's basically random, so what the fuck ever let's send this guy," which I think is very misguided.
I think it brings a lot more good than bad.
There was a point in the Oates era where the Caps had the worst save percentage in the league when playing with a lead and the best shooting percentage when playing down.
&gt; he considers the SO a bonus and doesn't put a lot of thought into it What the fuck. This is pro sports, you have take every edge you can get. You can miss the playoffs by a single point. It matters.
Your math is way off
That still doesn't make sense unless NHL players were collectively making more money then than they are now.
Without more info on exactly how it works it's unclear if this has benefits over Turbulent Jet Ignition, which is used in F1. https://www.mahle-powertrain.com/en/experience/mahle-jet-ignition/ Always good to investigate multiple solutions, though.
Maybe a week so there was some Toronto fan in a thread about Ovi saying how 21 goals in 28 games or whatever is whatever, and Matthews' 15 in 15 was much more impressive. Hey, guy, if you're reading this: suck it!
Meanwhile Ovi is drinking Coke on the bench, lol.
And shit involving the valves could be caught too. That's a BS excuse.
&gt;Seems to me the ignition event would happen almost instantaneously and uniformly throughout the combustion chamber My point was that's a big assumption.
The fuck does attainable have to do with any of it? There's no chance you were ever going to buy 90% of the regular cars you watch reviews of, so why does it matter if they're theoretically attainable? And people love learning about tons of shit they'll never get their hands on. Race cars of all types, jet fighters, megayachts, etc. Hell, even stuff like going into space.
Yes it does.
You're an idiot.
Never heard of gin? Moron. There are no language rules that prescribe either pronunciation, so the creator wins.
It is not possible to create lift without deflecting air downward. It's called conservation of energy. Even those wings at negative AoA will deflect air downward if they're creating lift.
Way to perpetuate. The right thinks the same way. "They hate me and want to oppress me."
I mean, it'll be at least a 30 minute drive in a car, so you're not saving a lot of time in my opinion. Plus, if you park by the stadium you'll probably still want to either metro or uber to whatever you want to see, although uber rides that short would be pretty cheap. Personally, I would metro in, and stop at the downtown mall on the way in which has a metro stop right smack in the middle. Air and Space and the Natural History museum are my favorites. Entrance is free for all the museums on the mall I think. If you drive in you could stop at the national zoo, although I'm not sure what that's like animal-wise in the winter. I think they charge for parking, but entrance is free.
6'2" 155 here. I am not considered underweight. I'm medically healthy and athletically capable. That and 6'3" 170 *used* to be considered in the range of normal. 5'10" 165 isn't really thin. That's just... a normal, healthy weight. Most people are overweight. &gt; From 23% obesity in 1962, estimates have steadily increased. The following statistics comprise adults age 20 and over. The overweight percentages for the overall US population are higher reaching 39.4% in 1997, 44.5% in 2004,[8] 56.6% in 2007,[9] and 63.8% (adults) and 17% (children) in 2008.
Good for you.
Just curious, why are you a caps fan?
Obviously it involves luck, bit there is actual skill to it as well. For those who don't know, Adam Oates now runs a personal training/skills coaching business working with a bunch of NHL players including McDavid. One of the things he covers is how to avoid hits or how to take hits more safely. If he sees one of his clients take a bad hit in a game he'll often call them up the next day to go over it. As for why... I guess it's just not as "sexy" as goals or points. A Lamborghini is more interesting than a Camry, although the later is more reliable and covers more miles. A guy that pays a full season and scores every other games isn't going to get as much talk as a guy that only plays 10 games but scores four goals every time.
Also you can't downvote anything older than 6 months.
No, this still 100% confirms it was a goal. I suppose it's not that easy to see on a little tablet though.
I GOT THIS do I got this? OH SHIT TOO LATE
GAA is an irrelevant statistic.
I see them and I hate them. Keep ads off the ice.
Doesn't help that you get threads like this with everyone saying they're fine with it.
Yes it is. Obviously so.
Watch DBZ Kai. They cut out all the shitty filler, and re-did the voice acting with the original actors, which was a huge improvement for some characters, at least in English.
I'd say disagreeing with all the expert lists means it's more likely you're underestimating him.
Deranking is never honorable. Beating up on people that are less skilled is the opposite of honorable.
Corgi stats have begun falling of favor actually.
True it can, but &gt; Danger of mortality increases proportionally to use, with smokers of one to two cigars per day showing a 2% increase in death rate, compared to non-smokers. The danger from the occasional cigar is pretty much negligible.
Because you're saying "if you don't share my preference your stuff is probably crap." When your preferences are self-admittedly very particular even among premium cigars. Also the whole idea that only Cubans make truly great cigars is super dumb.
Blue/black maybe not, but the screaming eagle in rwb would be awesome.
Once in my life I want to sit on the glass, and by god I'm going to bang on it. Gotta make the most of it.
He was obligated, the Caps let him out of his contract to avoid things getting too messy.
Actually it kind of is. That's why most people don't sign multi-year commitments to their jobs.
Give me the chance. I'm not sure which logical fallacy that is, but you can't call someone out for potentially not being able to do something they'll never, no matter what, be able to attempt.
The Leafs fans should look at the Caps. You can have all the young talent it the world, it still doesn't guarantee anything. The Caps didn't win until their window was already "past."
Well I've spoken too, so it's 2 to 1. You lose.
Contracts speak louder than actions.
Yes, they could have. They released him from his contract voluntarily.
I don't see how that's inherently an admirable quality. Sticking to your values is only good if your values are good. Max seems more like a stubborn person to me.
Equal car *maybe*, not an equal team.
The Mist? Annihilation?
I dunno I thought it was mediocre. Also the CGI was terrible.
Downvoted for not using caps or punctuation.
What's the point then? I'm not really going to care much about this stuff until it's advanced enough that I don't need to babysit it.
The fuck? You don't need to spend $35k for a decent sedan.
I worked with industrial machine software that logged the status of about 2000 database tags once per second, and I think that filled up roughly 1GB per hour. At a similar data density they should be able to sample those 300 sensors in the order of 60 times per second to fill 16 GB in a race. On another note... 300 sensors? I wonder how much weight that adds up to.
Venturi tunnels are banned and wings create more drag than ground effects.
&gt;Passing via a pit stop is always easier than overtaking on the track. But this *already happens* with tires.
Well I forgot about the episode until the calendar alert went off on my phone, but luckily the drink this week is something I already have materials for, since the liquor stores are closed.
"Why yes thank you I will look at your boobs."
I doubt it, otherwise the drawer above would have moved. Probably just pushed on the inside of the opening (face of the cabinet).
You could easily mandate the size of the fuel tanks. You could even regulate the amount of fuel they're allowed to add in a stop.
I'm sorry, but this is just off the mark. Talent also absolutely puts a soft cap on how good someone can get. I don't care if you have a hyperbolic time chamber to put in a hundred times the practice, you'll never be as fast in a race car as Lewis Hamilton, for example. This book is about sports but the same concepts apply to basically anything: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sports_Gene
See, your problem there is using the official app.
&gt;While Pirelli's current tyre change was also due to safety reasons No it wasn't.
There's A HUGE difference between that and the teams (actually, only the bigger teams) having literal voting power. Your comparison is inaccurate and disingenuous.
Motorsports on average are not exactly thriving. Assuming that F1 will be fine and doesn't need to adapt is foolhardy.
I feel like megathreads generally don't get a ton of commentary... if each link had it's own thread you'd surely get a lot more. But I do appreciate the work you're doing to put all this in one easy list. I don't follow video game news as closely as I used to so this is great.
Yep in Virginia they're all state-run ABC stores and close at 9. It's not great compared to other states but I'm pretty used to it. Beer/wine can be sold in all places you'd expect but not past midnight.
My cocktail book by Robert Hess specifies a dash of orange Angostura bitters. Also the original martini was made with sweet vermouth, which I highly recommend people try.
I mean, yes, definitely.
This is the first time I've even heard of that problem.
The position of the rear buttons on the Razer looks terrible. Also not sure why you think paddles are worse than buttons. I haven't had any problems with my paddles, they're removable, and larger/easier to hit than buttons. The rear buttons on the Beaver look fine, but there are multiple options for placement, and what if the placement isn't quite right after I get it? Also you can customize the thumbstick tension - once. Not after you order it. Anyway I'm happy with my original Elite and probably won't upgrade. I don't know exactly how many hours I have on it but I've had zero issues.
&gt; after a lot of use Not saying it's an acceptable failure, but is it possible you grip your controller pretty tightly? Anyway have you tried gluing them? I'm not entirely sure what type of glue would be best though.
Joe Saward said the money was backed by a bank, so Haas will get payed no matter what. Not sure if it was all payed up front.
No, it's really not.
I've done 150. It's not a big deal with the right car.
Couldn't* care less
I don't give a shit what driver you met. Keep it off reddit.
Yup, IMO it would be better if everything was rated in Wh for this reason.
&gt; The rules for following have barely made any difference. Vs last year. Without the rules things could be even worse. They also wanted to test some of the concepts that will go toward 2021.
Clickbait headline. They will be launching a new platform in the US.
Anyone who keeps the spotlight is a douchebag.
I'm guessing it's mostly held together by the wheel tethers at that point.
"I don't watch it" can easily mean someone watches occasionally and every time they do they remember why they're not a regular viewer. Seriously, are you arguing that it's a great product right now?
What does "encouraging girls" mean in that case? Seems to me that the main argument for the W series is not as a stepping stone, but to give visibility to female drivers and encourage more young girls to get into the sport at the base level. Whether it will help or not I don't know.
Whining about Ford sandbagging is stupid. They all do it and it's a direct result of BoP.
That's more fact than theory. I averaged 33-34 mpg in my C6 on a 1.5 hour highway drive. I was trying to entertain myself by keeping the mileage as high as possible. I bet I could do even better given even more ideal conditions.
Weird Al.
That is not cheating, though. They're not skirting the regulations. They're simply looking for advantages within the rules. People against the cost cap keep making up fantastical situations where Mercedes' car division will just make a suspension and then hand it to the F1 team. Furthermore, what that article describes, with teams upgrading their computing hardware every year or two to be most effective within the rules, is a terribly wasteful process. A cost cap would go some way toward bringing that under control, but why not simply specify the computing hardware and lock that down for five years? Like so many things in the sport this is a significant cost to the teams that fans never see or get any real information on.
False. There isn't a single track where overtaking isn't an issue. If you don't think going from 50% downforce loss to 10% will make a huge difference then you're not doing much thinking.
Right? Why do the teams need to be redesigning their gearbox every year? It's not nearly as extreme as when the V8 engine development was frozen.
"I reject your reality and substitute my own." - Adam Savage.
&gt; I think F1 was at its best when a small team with new aero ideas could suddenly become world champions. The only way this will ever happen again is a cost cap.
&gt; Well then you're not solving much of anything anyway. I'm all for smaller and lighter but if you don't think 50% -&gt; 10% downforce loss is a big deal then you just don't understand what's going on.
I think most people don't realize that the whole scope of entertainment products has changed drastically in the last several decades. With the advent/spread of cable and then the internet there are so many things competing for people's attention, and many of those things do a better job holding the average person's short attention span. Many sports/events that were massively popular decades ago have fallen in relative popularity and have been kept afloat because increasing populations have allowed niche sports to survive. Assuming that things will always be fine because "F1 has always been like this" is risky thinking at best.
All issues.
It's not being undermined, it's being saved.
You clearly haven't put much thought into this. Scripted entertainment such as drama and comedy TV shows are not even applicable to the actual racing, so your comment is not even a legitimate counter-point. Moreover, F1 already *has* learned from dramatic television in making the Netflix series. Some people only care about the racing and/or tech, but most people are far more compelled by personalities and stories. FOM has smartly decided to promote this part of the sport outside the racing. Also, there's *TONS* of non-scripted content competing with F1. E-sports, streamers of all sorts, all the various extreme sports, MMA, the list goes on. Not to mention all the traditional sports and all the motorsports F1 has to compete with. Actually, MMA is a good example. Boxing was THE combat sport for many decades, well over a century, but MMA has basically overtaken it. If F1 does not change it *will* eventually collapse under it's own weight just like LMP1.
Also because being in a top car in F1 gives you better odds to win a championship than any other series in the world since you only have ~2 people to compete with.
I was gonna say, looks like the mass relay is closer to home than we thought.
It should, but stopping these posts from getting 17,000 upvotes seems like a daunting effort to put it lightly.
If Toto Wolf suggested removing power steering, I'm pretty sure it's possible. I think he knows more about the engineering side than Grosjean.
Drivers and executive salaries are not under the proposed cap, but AFAIK most employees would be. But yeah there are other exemptions too like all engine development, obviously.
The move to 18" will increase FIA/FOMs options for selecting a tire supplier. Michelin for one did not want to bother with the 13" because it would be a significant investment with no relevance to any of their other racing or road tires. Michelin also said 18" wheels would likely make the cars slightly faster.
Michelin said the move would likely make the cars slightly faster. I forget why exactly, but maybe something to do with controlling the contact patch.
My position has generally been that if your drink is warming/melting/diluting too quickly, you simply need to compensate by drinking it more quickly!
Just kick it.
Yeah, racoons climbed up a corner of my parent's house, pulled away some of the plastic siding by the upper roof, and started tearing into the insulation trying to get in. We put it back together, they pulled it apart again. Ended up screwing some of the siding to the frame hoping they don't just go tear at a different area.
They just need to tighten it a little.
&gt; That is basically impossible to determine from digital photos. Sorry. I thought it was a long shot but figured including a photo was not much work on my part. BTW thanks a bunch for site you made!
&gt; 80 CRI is the same as typical LED household light bulbs This is interesting to me. With how popular LEDs are becoming for home use I would have thought CRI would be higher focus. AFAIK the cost difference between normal and high CRI emitters is small.
Thanks for the tint deviation explanation! &gt; Nobody can estimate CRI from a picture. I thought not, but figured there was a chance somebody else had one or knew something about the emitter or whatever. No worries either way. &gt; Even color temperature is hard because camera white balance compensates for it Not to mention the screen people are viewing the picture on, I guess.
Ooh, that's a clever test. I just tried it and came up with ~4900k +/- 1k for the LS300. So that should help give me a decent reference point for shopping. Thanks!
Maybe CRI could be added to the ANSI testing standards?
Outage over other people risking their own safety, and nobody else's, annoys the shit out of me.
I think it's a munchkin, which are bred to have short legs and all sorts of issues because terrible people think it's cute. But people keep giving these posts thousands of upvotes so I don't think the cat abuse is going to stop anytime soon.
Coinbase is insured though.
There's no aero force on the hood if he comes to a stop, as you can see in the video.
"lighter"
&gt; You spend a lot of your time correcting people's grammar and spelling. You could really use a life. FTFY. It was really bad. Also, "get a life" is textbook ad hominem.
I'm with you. I don't get this attitude of "just deal with my crappy writing." It often *does* make a difference in readability. Moreover, once you learn how to do things properly it takes a negligible amount of effort to follow through.
I'm glad the Lightning took attention away from the failure of my team :/
I finally finished watching the Indy 500 yesterday and it was awesome. Multiple lead changes in the last few minutes. Can't remember the last time that happened in F1.
I, uh, actually don't hate the wrap. I wish two-tone was more common. The shift knob though...
I've seen cats hump; that's not it.
Full chrome is terrible for the other people on the road.
I have no issues in my car. This whole visibility "issue" is BS.
Long story short, it hasn't. The writer (yes, the vast majority of the show is written by one person, the creator, Adam Reed) felt he was running out of ideas and personal interest with the old spy agency format, and changed things up a bit for seasons 5-7. Spoiling as little as possible here, 8, 9 and the currently airing season 10 are essentially "dream" seasons happening in alternate universes, allowing for very different setups. Season 10 has a futuristic space setting with aliens and whatnot, and I'm really enjoying it. But there are a lot of people out there complaining about the dream seasons, largely because either A) They're different, or B) They want the continuity of the "real" seasons, because... reasons. Personally, I think it's interesting to explore the characters in new settings. And really, what all these people are missing is that without these new settings, the show probably would have ended years ago. So anyway, it's different, but still a very good show. I mean I would probably say that seasons 1-4 are maybe a cut above, but to say "man it's gone downhill" is really overly dramatic.
I hate it. The high pitch whine is like nails on a chalkboard.
It'll be the Gladiator theme song he's recycled in multiple movies.
BASE jumpers.
The 2021 regs should be great if teams will get their heads out of their asses and go with it.
I do think seasons 8 and 9 (7 too, actually) are better when you can watch the episodes back-to-back. The season-long plots mean that each individual episode doesn't quite have the pace of the earlier seasons. Season 10 has returned to a more episodic format though. I do have to admit that while I've enjoyed the dream seasons, I'll be pretty disappointed if there isn't an 11th season, movie, or at least one episode to bring things back to "reality", and tie things up with Archer and Lana getting married.
Nobody really seems to know, but I bet you're right. Letting them simply hold the button to open it automatically makes sense. They could still have the option to do it manually, but there's no sense in allowing room for error. What if they hit it a hair too early and then have to hit it again a half second later? Every tenth matters.
You people haven't even heard of the botfly girl, lol.
Yeah. This is just weird, not suspiciously specific. Yet another sub with a decent concept that's quickly going downhill due to people posting random crap and mods not doing anything about it.
Shades of YTMND in that one lol.
Or look down. https://xkcd.com/913/
Free college for anyone would be a colossal waste of money.
And a lot of them would rather take out an 84 month loan than drive something cheap.
Nobody even talking about Ovi, #1 in points share over the decade. https://www.hockey-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=combined&amp;year_min=2011&amp;year_max=2020&amp;season_start=1&amp;season_end=-1&amp;rookie=N&amp;age_min=0&amp;age_max=99&amp;pos=S&amp;is_playoffs=N&amp;threshhold=5&amp;order_by=ps
Meanwhile I'm just touching 1500 rpm at 70 mph.
Last I checked you paid a $500 fee to go without insurance in Virginia.
&gt;unacceptable That's an opinion. And if the current gen is/was fine, why harp on the older ones?
You really like presenting your opinions as fact, don't you? A monkey could drive the GT-R fast. It's understandable that people would find a Z06 to be a more enjoyable, rewarding car.
Well goals *are* worth more than assists, so that's potentially fair depending on how they're weighting them. I don't remember where I saw this, but I vaguely recall an analysis that came up with the estimate that a primary assist was worth ~0.9 goals, and a secondary something like 0.6 or 0.7 goals. It makes sense.
I've wondered if it has something to do with the goalie coach. Holtby was fire under Prior, and fire under Korn. Then Korn takes a step back from the team going into the 17-18 season, and Holtby struggles until, as I understand it, Korn came back for a bit to help out. Holtby becomes fire again, until Korn leaves for good after the 2018 playoffs. I'm not saying our current goalie coach is *bad*, but possibly he and Holtby are just not a good match for each other.
I dunno I once sat in this $2000 Humanscale chair with full memory foam and it was transcendental. Significantly better than the $1000 chairs at my office.
&gt;what GM says no Probably most of the ones that didn't just sign him when they had the chance.
I cannot wait for the day you finally leave this sub. Even most Pens fans don't like you.
For negotiating rights after the playoffs? Sure!
This is actually my best guess. It might really be about the goalie coach. He was awesome with Prior (who Korn learned from and who reinvigorated Fleury), struggled when Oates was meddling and kicked out Prior, was fire again under Korn, started struggling when Korn stepped back from the team for the 17-18 season, until he reportedly came back to help Holtby get his shit together, and he wins the cup. And then he's since been a bit iffy. I'll not saying the current goalie coach is bad, but maybe they're not a great match.
To be fair OP phrased it in a much more straightforward way.
I actually really like the Nats announcers (especially F.P. Santangelo), but Joe B/Locker are probably my favorite pairing across all sportsdom.
Ah, yet another sports fan that can't accept how much of it is dominated by randomness. Tell me, what major factors changed to cause this sudden not-winning streak? And it's destined to continue, right, unless things change again? Likely nothing really changed. Sports success is best predicted by a model, based on historical data and some inferences, augmented by the eye test. People have told you now directly that this moderate dropoff (14 points in 15 games) could've been seen as likely in course of 82 games. Ignoring statistical models is effectively doing the eye test with the lights off, but if you're happier being ignorant and looking down on people, I can't stop you. Also, I think "smarmy" is just you projecting.
Peak torque is irrelevant.
Missing the point. I wouldn't have needed to pinch pennies to buy my smartphone at $600 but I still waited until it was $100 off because why not save the money?
Miles better than the C6 but apparently some people still aren't satisfied.
Well, the Caps are pretty damn close-knit. I think that sometimes guys just benefit from a change in scenery, and/or mesh better with a different coach/system/linemates. Also it's not like Stephenson was old; sometimes guys, you know, get better.
So are Trotz and Reirden.
/r/boneappletea merced as in "mercenary."
Well apparently he signed with Carolina a few hours ago, before midnight. I would've given him a home :( Edit: Especially for $700k, jeez. And he had 53 points last season!
Eh, a higher resolution and higher frame rate overhead camera may or may not have showed it over the line. But the footage we do have wasn't enough to overturn the call unfortunately.
50 point average is hardly invisible. And he maintained that over the next two years. The fuck are you on about.
Apparently everyone on this sub thought it would be a terrible idea for us to sign him. But he's averaged 51 points over his last four seasons (52, 48, 51, 53) for 0.63 ppg. It seems he never really would have signed here again anyway though. Edit: Some stats comparing Panik, who is a ~$2.7m cap hit, vs Williams, who is now a $0.7m cap hit, over the last four seasons: https://i.imgur.com/bZbQPS7.png For expected goals for%, 5v5: Williams=55.73%, Panik=50.89%.
Not the same player he used to be? Over the last six seasons he has 43, 41, 52, 48, 51, 53 points. In that order. If you drew a trend line there it would actually be going *up*. Not that I think he's actually getting better, but there doesn't seem to be much evidence suggesting he's getting worse.
I didn't know there was such a thing as scoring too many goals, LOL. Are you seriously implying that Williams sucks defensively? Anyway what really matters is scoring more goals than you allow, right? Isn't that how you win games? Well, over the last four years at 5v5, Williams has an xGF% of 55.75%, while Panik is 50.89%. https://i.imgur.com/bZbQPS7.png It's honestly challenging to find a stat that makes Panik look better than Williams. Williams is simply better, and now $2m cheaper. You could trade Panik for picks, sign Williams, and use the cap space for another deadline move. Of course it's all just a thought experiment since it seems he was never going to sign anywhere but Carolina.
Okay I'm a Caps fan just here to vent a bit about the disrespect Williams has gotten in a few threads recently on /r/caps. People calling him old, slow, implying he can't defend, not the same player he used to be, etc. He's averaged 51 points over the last four seasons, with the most recent being his highest. All four of those seasons were better than his previous two. It's honestly hard to find a stat that makes Panik look better than Williams, who is now making $2m less against the cap: https://i.imgur.com/bZbQPS7.png I realize Carolina was the only real option for him, but just as a thought experiment, I don't see how the Caps signing him would be a terrible idea. He can actually put pucks in net, and both of Eller's wings have hands of granite.
&gt; Also have to remember Panik was playing for a sharply declining Chicago team and Arizona Then why are his relative numbers worse than Williams? Those numbers compare relative to the person's teammates. It just seems pretty likely to me that Williams is better. That being said, I also love this team and feel good about where it is.
Ah, so that's why they suddenly jumped near the top of the league in goal differential. I mean also the other wins, but, 9 goals...
I do!
&gt; margarita mix Ew. Just get some orange liqueur and squeeze some limes. That's all it takes.
Even with a mortar, something had to go wrong. Either he loaded the thing upside down, or it misfired, or something like that. Mortars shoot up and then explode.
It's pretty good but... ever made? Not even close. Also Stewart just generally detracts from the show. So annoying.
Possibly my least favorite bit on the show.
I don't know where that "this is the way" meme came from, but two weeks in it's already been beaten to death.
I think the issue there is that it's hard to define the net worth of those dictators.
I can't wait for the SUV/CUV bubble to pop.
You gotta be kidding, the new Vantage has the most garish grille of them all.
No goalie in history has ever had a 100% save percentage on "soft" shots. As such, it's mathematically inevitable that even a great goalie will let in two soft goals in a game sometimes. If a goalie makes two insane saves to stop shots that should be impossible, but then let's in two softies, that's functionally equivalent to letting in the two impossible shots and saving the softies. Which is to say you have to look at the totality of the performance. The skaters could've scored another goal as well if they didn't want OT. But they weren't playing all that well.
Holy cow that ice is hideous.
Deer can swim. I've seen it.
Yes. If you watch speed skaters they start with their edges nearly perpendicular to travel for maximum force application/acceleration, then the angle gets more acute as they pick up speed.
Maybe the story left something to be desired but the overall gameplay was so damn fun I frankly do not care.
No, the gearbox bolts to the end of the engine. You could weld up some sort of space frame if you wanted to take out the engine though.
They are/did last game: https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/2020/01/10/looking-spark-ailing-power-play-capitals-shake-up-personnel/
&gt; leafs 36% PP conversion Uh, what? It's 23.2% on the season.
I can't skate either; I'd probably try roller blades.
Merced* Or murked
&gt;GMGM gave us teams with all the tools you see in cup winners. Except defense.
We've been over this, it won't happen because it would be stupid.
I have a feeling that Holtby could see a big resurgence with the right goalie coach. He was great with Prior, struggled when Prior got kicked out by Oates, was great with Korn, now is kinda so-so with the current goalie coach.
Especially for non-native speakers. Also, literally/figuratively. I will die on that hill.
&gt; The Wizards had a very good team, problem was that they ran into the Cavaliers in the playoffs and their "superstar" got to play by a different set of rules than the rest of the players. It's not like they were gonna beat whoever came out of the west.
Makes me wince just slightly, but letting him go was never an option so I'm fine with it.
&gt; It's also the same percentage of the cap as his last contract was People keep saying this, but that's not a way to defend the AAV. Paying the same cap percentage to a guy ten years later, without considering any context, is geenrally not a great idea. That being said we could never let him walk/force him out. It'll be fine.
I thought he said 6/5. But hopefully Backstrom will sign at least one 1-year contract after this.
The correct play is to join in and make fun of yourself along with everyone. Takes the power out of anything actually intended as an insult, and endears yourself to others by not looking like you take yourself too seriously. Saying "yeah that sucked but I'm moving on" is also valid. This is a prime example of how not to handle this kind of situation.
Recent numbers are one thing, I'll give you that. But what about career? Personally I'd bet that Holtby is more likely to get his numbers back up, to something more like his career average. My personal suspicion is that a different goalie coach could help him get things tip-top again. He was excellent in his early career with Prior (who has now helped Fleury revitalize his career), struggled for a bit when Oates forced out Prior, was fire again with Korn, struggled a bit when Korn pulled back from the team in 17-18 until he came back full-time for a bit to help Holtby (who then won a cup), and has been all over the place since with the new goalie coach. Plus Holtby is 5 years younger.
Central is garbage. The goal is to win a cup, not the division. Still I didn't think he would get fired.
Statistical analytics are still pretty basic. I'd doubt they're quite as good as the analytics indicate, but I'd equally bet they're better than their record. I agree it's hard to defend this firing.
Yeah but he must have approved this coaching change.
No, not necessarily.
It's hockey. "Any given day" and whatnot. Plus the Flyers don't suck. This isn't terribly unlikely.
&gt; Pure goaltending ability, I'd pick the Quick Kick. But was that actually the right move? Seemed like he could've grabbed it with the glove.
Understandable. But you probably remember your emotions pretty well, and that's the more important part! The video we have here is better than anybody's memory.
&gt; holtby's was 1000% luck Uh, no. Sorry to say it, but Holtby's a little bit better than you. &gt; He reads the plays so well, reads the shooter, reads the stick, and clearly intentionally puts himself in the way of the shot as it's happening. That's exactly what Holtby did here. In case you didn't read the article: &gt; "You just try to stay on the puck, and you go to a place where you think he should shoot it," Holtby said. "I think if you look at most of the goals that go in, it's because they shoot it where they don't mean to or shouldn't shoot it. So luckily, that time he made the right shot, so I kind of had an idea where that would be." You honestly think Quick's kick save involved *less* luck?
&gt; because he wasn't sliding over with the puck There was not enough time for that.
Doc only has like three calls.
lol any great save you find is basically "stuck body part out and got lucky." There's always a certain amount of luck. Goaltending is about how well you can maximize your odds of a save, and Holtby did that, deliberately, as well as humanly possible. Also, in case you didn't read the article: &gt; "You just try to stay on the puck, and you go to a place where you think he should shoot it," Holtby said. "I think if you look at most of the goals that go in, it's because they shoot it where they don't mean to or shouldn't shoot it. So luckily, that time he made the right shot, so I kind of had an idea where that would be."
&gt; What do coaches even do in the ASG anyway? Make sure there are the correct number of people on the ice, lol.
I know this is the general narrative but I'll take the minority opinion and disagree. Yeah the players don't go as physical, but it seems to me that when things get going most of them really do try. They're incredibly competitive people after all, who hate to lose. Edit: plus the winning team splits a million dollars or something.
I do agree that not bringing the A all the way to the top (it's not necessarily "cut off" as not all 'A's have a sharp tip) is an improvement, but the area under the A is actually better on the real version. Overall this real thing is pretty good.
Not if you revert to the old UI in your preferences. Obviously they're doing it with the new UI to put more focus on the awards and get more people to pay money for them.
Which one does this "Dom" do?
https://hockeyviz.com/future/sadness/2020-01-16 :(
Would it be greedy to ask for Ovi's first 5-goal game?
Willy's pass was amazing, but Ovi's deceptive move was crucial too. Hischier first looks to his right to make sure Ovi isn't on the inside, doesn't see him, then looks left and gets an eye on him. The *instant* Hischier looks back toward the puck, Ovi slips behind and down to the inside. When Hischier notices it's too late. That kind of deception is so important in many high-end sports.
1000 goals when?
I got downvoted by Caps fans for saying it might not be a terrible idea for us too. Granted he would probably have to slot in on the third line, but Eller is a pretty darn good center and badly needs a winger that can score.
No. I actually wish they'd switch back to them except in red white and blue.
Deception. Ovi waits and lets Hischier see him in a non-threatening area. Then the instant Hischier looks back to the puck Ovi slips behind him to the inside. That kind of deception is a major difference-maker in top-tier sports.
Eh, I think there's enough of a blue margin that shouldn't be an issue.
Also the one I saw today was badly sun-bleached on the top side.
You can polish acrylic.
Yeah but he crosses his arms. Can't win a cup with a coach that crosses their arms behind the bench.
BACK TO BACK BACK TO BACK OVI HAT TRICK POSTS! I upvoted both of course.
I don't know why so many people like you harp about the composite sticks, though. They're not actually more powerful, they're lighter/more consistent/customizable. The other factors matter more.
"It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning's winning."
A few years ago Ovi had something like 22 or 23 two-goal games between hat tricks. I totally agree, he's weirdly consistent.
More like /r/raisedbynarcissists
I generally do use that language when talking about race at least, but I'll note that the "criticism" section of that Wikipedia article also makes fair points (although the comments regard blindness, deafness, and autism). Good point regarding the "PoC" term though.
That's a plausible reason, but not an excuse.
&gt;120 isnt really incredibly bad in a car like that, even with twisties. The problem there is that turns that don't really qualify as "blind" at 45 mph can at 120 mph. It's possible to do 120 on public roads without endangering people, but options are pretty limited because of all the factors to consider.
It's not going to change. Get over it.
Like a box lacrosse goalie I guess, lol. They look kind of ridiculous.
Well then congratulations on being an outlier. Most "regular" people I know cheat on their taxes by not reporting income from tutoring, selling stuff like ATVs, etc.
Gonna need some better sources, mate.
Corgi is a team stat too, numbnuts. &gt; Corgi is subject to swings from such wild events as "The player stepped on the ice as a shot was attempted" Corgi has no more depth, just more breadth. The benefit of it is larger sample size. Even then, corgi and fenwick stats are kind of obsolete. All the more advanced stuff now is looking at shot location, shot type, if there was a pass before, etc.
They do interviews with the players to get the info. It's perfectly plausible for the writer to simply insert some quotes, keeping the original slightly broken English. I'm not sure how you can claim it's completely made up.
Well hopefully you both get a kick out of this, lol: https://youtu.be/Ixs9vGIzPFs
My teacher friend in LA had a student tell him she couldn't take a test because she was on day 3 of a juice cleanse. It's the most LA thing I've ever heard.
&gt;Northern Cali is pretty conservative outside of SF Okay but most of the population still loves in the cities. And it's not like this stuff is defined by political ideology.
Couldn't care less
Styrofoam has legitimately good uses, although single-use disposable things shouldn't be among them.
I'd have to double check but I'm pretty sure there was no actual hockey goal there. But yes it was dumb. Not as dumb as the design of the shooting stars thing, though. Why was the easiest target worth the most? And the hardest worth second least?
&gt;If he hadn't had that herniated disk there's little doubt the goals record he set would have been outside Ovechkin's reach. Lockouts, birthday, Hunter hockey, etc.
Be honest: did you read the article?
Oh, there are Russian bots on Reddit too.
&gt;Depends on the resolution of the system. And sampling rate. People who don't know what they're talking love to talk about chips in pucks, but cameras are still much better.
Everybody keeps parroting "ppg" but there's no actual way he keeps that up long term. This is a very small sample size.
I dunno I just think Eller is playing with wings with stone hands. Someone who can reliably put the puck in the net would be great for that line, IMO. But I trust our coach and GM more than myself, so we'll see.
He didn't even really try at that lol. I think he'll be good in the game though.
&gt;He is 6'2. Its pretty easy to be 176 lbs when you're that height. lol I wish.
They have Funnybot.
&gt;It's all about volume and weight. Aka density. &gt;There's theoretically a point where adding more air won't cause expansion but will make it weigh more. If the tire pressure is rising then the air in it is getting more dense (assuming no temperature change).
I guess it's lighter and floats better, mostly. Super low tire pressure helps too I'm sure. Most of those trucks get stuck when they sink their axles into the mud. That truck after the Sherp put on a hell of a show, though! Also the limo monster truck thing was great. Also, the thing at 3:00... are those literally monster truck shocks? They look as tall as me.
Personally I wish they put a lot more weight on creativity. So many times I'm like "HOLY SHIT THAT WAS COOL" but it scores poorly, I guess because it's not as technically difficult?
lol okay there aren't even 400 different things you can do with a skateboard.
A few race cars running for a few hours in a weekend does not generate much air pollution.
&gt; I suspect they get “good” fuel economy because of how relatively light they are so they have to push less weight under load. Weight has nothing to do with highway fuel economy. Bikes get good highway mileage because they have a much smaller cross section than cars. Drag = drag coefficient x cross section x velocity squared.
&gt; 'reduce car weight' Weight has basically no effect on highway mileage.
Please never attempt to advise anyone on anything related to physics. You have no idea what you're talking about.
&gt;Also, heavier cars tend to have a bigger crosssection. But lightening a vehicle is going to reduce it's cross section so that's kind of irrelevant to this post. &gt;but for rolling resistance it does. The effect is so much smaller than wind resistance, though. If you've been lugging around 500 lbs of sand for no reason then yeah, dump that, but swapping to a carbon fiber roof is not going to give you anything noticeable.
Is that the same starting point the NHL guys use?
"Very similar" kinda matters when we're talking about margins of 1-2 mph, though.
&gt; His work ethic was unmatched, and his "YOU will not beat ME " attitude is something like we've never seen before .from anybody. In the NBA, in all of professional sports history, or in the entire history of humanity?
At least Halliday was the only one in the aircraft, and he was even over water so he wasn't risking anyone else's life.
Nope, the ones shitting all over my docks are those Canada fuckers.
Nope, the ones shitting all over my docks are those Canada fuckers.
Something like that could work, but you'd need some restrictions. Like players can't opt out two years in a row, and max five times ever or something.
Something like that could work, but you'd need some restrictions. Like players can't opt out two years in a row, and max five times ever or something.
Something like that could work, but you'd need some restrictions. Like players can't opt out two years in a row, and max five times ever or something.
Test
In high school I had a particular printf statement with nothing but a bunch of hyphens to break up the console visually. After much consternation I traced a segfault to that line. It turned out that if I changed the number of hyphens, like removing just a few, the segfault went away. It baffled the teacher too, and he knew his shit.
I didn't even have those.
Now I need an arena to play this during a fight.
They're buying them because they want to believe that they're active, outdoorsy people like all the (slightly less fake) people they follow on Instagram. And an active, outdoorsy person can't use a sedan! Never mind that the rear of that crossover spends it's life holding an umbrella.
You're aware that AWD does nothing for stopping distance, right?
Off roading is not going off road. Got it, lol.
Soft top is lighter.
&gt;First of all, the primary factor in fuel economy is vehicle mass. For city mileage. Not highway mileage.
I averaged 34mpg in my C6 for nearly an hour and a half at about 70 mph.
&gt;increased storage Uh, what? Possibly if you add up the cubic inches of the frunk and trunk, but it'll never be as practical as the hatch on previous Corvettes.
lol. My standard operating procedure every season has been to assume that Ovi will win the Rocket until he doesn't.
This announcer sounds like he's doing a baseball game. But at least there's no Pierre tonight?
Wait we can have Forsberg back?
&gt;You need to know which way up is. Um, attitude indicator?
&gt;Just the cost of a black box, assuming the aircraft had all the required sensors to provide the data and not including installation costs, would be $15,000 per aircraft. Holy how? Is there only one kind of approved black box with absurd requirements built by one company with a monopoly? Because you could just wire one of these https://store.arduino.cc/usa/nano-33-ble-sense-with-headers to some crash-proof memory. You wouldn't have a lot of data directly like engine rpm or control inputs but I'd think it would be a lot better than nothing and there wouldn't be any real installation costs to worry about.
Nah, fuck this lady. This is basically like domain squatting and she doesn't deserve to get rich off it.
Who is asserting that? Also the North American population has doubled since Bobby Hull played.
Timidity is just as dangerous as overconfidence on the road, IMO.
? Everyone I know with a multi-car garage uses at least one space for a car. Then again, everyone I know I multi-car garage uses at least one space for random stuff, so...
&gt;inconvenient Well the thing is it's not inconvenient at all. Any of my friends in NYC can walk to ten times more food options than I can drive to in an equivalent amount of time, and get better quality. They also have things I can't find in the entirety of northern Virginia + DC, like a legitimate barcade (again, several options). That being said I'm still not eager to give up my car. I like it.
It's one thing to have a preference, it's another to say that city living is super inconvenient.
&gt;What is your wager based on? Census Bureau says 80% of people live in urban areas. &gt; It's an atrocious way of life with a family. No it's not. &gt;But to say one is "better" You just did.
Nice false equivalency. You're being obtuse. Neither of us decides how words work. When you say somewhere is a terrible place to raise a family, that's saying it's a terrible place to raise a family. If you want to say "that would be a terrible place to raise my family," then fucking say that. You could've also tried not having a giant Mormon family, contributing to overpopulation.
Look around the thread.
&gt;The only thing that cannot be tolerated is intolerance. For things out of people's control, and stuff they're born with like sexuality? Absolutely. Shit like this? No. I reserve my right to have an opinion and share it. Besides, I don't think you will understand this, but here I go... Sharing an opinion on someone's terrible car taste doesn't actually stop them from butchering their car. They can still do it if they want.
No, putting holes in the fender is just as permanent.
I think our definitions of "huge" are a bit different.
Interesting! In the US, and I think a number of other countries in the west, vodka has kind of taken over other liquors in the general public. I think there are two main factors there, the biggest being that most people don't actually want to drink, they just want to get drunk, so they choose something palatable over something interesting. One of the most popular drinks right now is hard seltzer, basically flavored carbonated water with some ethanol. The smaller factor I'd guess is that whiskey and rum are to a degree seen as granddad's drink. So what liquor/drinks are popular in Russia right now if not vodka?
Which is why art (really the art industry) is fucking stupid.
There is nothing that can adequately contextualize that price tag.
That's dumb. Can't even close the window, so what's the point?
Then do it.
Art is not automatically worth the cost of materials.
Yes.
I think they mean "can someone else hire Blaine Forsythe." And... I think the guy did well with the job for a time, but the PP still needs fixing and could probably do with some new ideas/perspectives.
That's a fucking stupid opinion.
That means nothing to me. The people in the team sub might be more plugged in, but IMO team subs are even more circle-jerky echo chambers.
Good stuff. Any other ideas on places to donate to? I suppose donating to homeless shelters is never a bad move, especially considering AFAIK homelessness disproportionally affects black people.
/r/nothingeverhappens
It is by far the most unique TV show I've ever seen or heard of. That's the best way I've thought of to sell the show to people, because it's really hard to describe. Any description would involve Alice in Wonderland, but even that feels misleading.
The ending was a bit of a letdown for me too. There was some deus ex machina, and... without spoiling anything for anyone, that's just not the sort of ending that I find enjoyable. But the rest of it is so brilliant and unique that it's 100% a must-watch. I need a friend or two to watch it so I have someone to talk about it with.
What if I told you... alcohol is a drug.
All these squares make a circle...
A keyboard and display of some sort is implied. &gt;it's incorrect to just say "I'm using a computer to post on reddit". No it's not. There is nothing about that statement that is incorrect. It's arguably incomplete, but you don't specify how your computer is powered or whether you're on wifi. The box itself is the computer. I can connect to and use that computer remotely from basically any monitor/keyboard/phone on the world, and what your computer is doesn't change by how you're accessing/using it. That being said, colloquially, &gt;what do you call the computer+keyboard+monitor+mouse in a collective sense? Computer is also fine, or system, among others.
Sorry, I was just referencing DBZ Abridged: https://youtu.be/SyKwyAWJZcI https://youtu.be/V36yLInXxgM Your work looks great!
This fucking sub... The materials cost and time put into it basically no bearing on what the thing is worth.
Water vapor also has an effect. A pump will give you whatever the ambient humidity is, while a nitrogen fill should be completely dry. That being said it's very unnecessary, unless maybe you're in a high end racing series.
No, it's not.
&gt;There are plenty of distros easier to use than windows. 100% bullshit. Shit, even upgrading Node was easier in Windows whereas it was a minor headache in Linux.
Then do it. But you won't.
0: Maybe *satisfied* wouldn't be the right word, but not upset by any means. And if Ovi breaks Gretzky's goal record, the minimum is bumped up to "happy." 1: Very happy. 2+: That many cups, plus Ovi tying/topping Crosby in cups (in addition to having more records) would mean "ecstatic." So I ended up voting "0, but be in one." Statistically, I think it's a little unreasonable to *expect* the team to win one, especially since that range will include Ovi's and Backy's retirement. And anyone voting 2 or higher is being ridiculous.
You're an idiot.
You're a pathetic piece of shit. Boggles the mind that this subs shits all over great scooter tricks but *loves* the multitude of rope jumping clips that get posted here.
Don't care, it's still wrong.
That... doesn't sound that terrible? AFAIK they're not a wealthy franchise and tons of companies have had to lay people off. Based on what you've said, it's not like they're going through with buying that yacht in lieu of paying their employees.
I'm sorry, but the whole "all drugs should be legal" thing is ridiculous. I need a doctor's prescription to get acne cream, but I should be able to buy PCP at the corner store? There are only three options that make sense: 1) keep most drugs illegal except those demonstrated to be mostly harmless (aka weed). 2) make all recreational drugs legal, and get rid of doctors prescriptions. Seems a dicey proposition given how much pill abuse there already is, not to mention recreational drug addictions. Although it would be nice not needing a doctor to get the medication I know I need... 3) make recreational drugs require a doctor's prescription/permission.
What are y'all on about? There's enough space on the section of the ladder supported by the ledge. Getting them all off there is easy enough from a physics standpoint.
Her character ruined Dexter.
I don't know if others agree, but I feel like they did make that a little better at some point.
No please, this change brought my gulag win rate from embarrassing to passable. Personally I'd just remove the gulag entirely (and make buybacks slightly cheaper to compensate), but I have a feeling that's an unpopular opinion.
No thanks my win rate is better now. I'm sure that was very convincing for you.
Because once was hard enough and people might not be willing to go through this again. Because at a certain point the total negative effect of the shutdowns on humanity as whole at some point outweighs the virus. Shitloads of side effects from the shutdowns that most people aren't considering. Stress from job loss reduces people lifespans. People aren't going to the doctor and getting screened for cancer. Tons of stuff like that.
About 3 million Americans would have died this year even without the virus.
18,000 people also exhale a lot of humidity.
I beg to differ! https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Orion_(nuclear_propulsion) Although it only exists in theory for now.
&gt;It doesn't make a lot of sense how a assault rifle can be more effective in clearing out buildings than an smg. They're not. Look up the TTKs.
Drop-shotting is still huge in this game, at least in Warzone. It's really fucking annoying IMO.
&gt; plan to rush Uh, yeah, keyword being "plan." Like getting more than one angle on a team. Having everyone charge in the same direction is not a plan. Pay attention to the map and push at the same pace as your teammates.
Yeah... not sure why this sub has seemingly completely reversed course already and labeled that alleged charity to be completely legit. How much awareness are they really raising? With whom? Reminds me of this South Park clip: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv2ZMN3T18E
&gt;But it sprays as fast as the rest It factually does not.
&gt;High damage, high rate That is entirely false. You're either uniformed or a liar. It has a standard damage profile, so lower than the FAL/SCAR/AK. And of the standard damage profile ARs it has one of the lower rates of fire. You don't know what you're talking about.
A gun with range but lots of recoil is useless, though, because you can't actually hit your shots.
It's a fucking battle royal. If anything it's expected for some weapons to be better than others.
&gt;10 amps at 120 volts hurts like a mofo but people do it all the time in their home and are just fine. Because your body isn't taking anywhere near 10A. Skin has a very high electrical resistance, although less so when it's wet. Everybody parroting the "it's the amps that kill you" BS never even learned Ohm's law.
It's also missing the option(s) to disable/enable squad fill.
Instead of being a pedantic "aCtuAlLy" neckbeard you could recognize that the general message behind the quote is entirely valid.
"free to play" is the worst thing that ever happened to gaming, change my mind.
Do you know what hyperbole is?
You're talking out your ass. Do everyone a favor and shut up.
I assumed it was like the 50v50 battle royal mode that Blackout did. Seems like that would've been better.
Need to define which axis is being used in measuring the thickness. On most butter knives the blade is "taller" than the handle.
Same. Once you wrap your head it's just different, IMO, and different can be fun.
Now *you all* are delusional. The price of the materials is irrelevant to the person considering buying the art.
My bet is imprinted, then brushed while it was still wet to make it look painted.
Materials cost is irrelevant to the prospective buyer.
X
That dad is one of my favorite movie characters ever. Such a swell guy.
If you can't pay off your student loans, you didn't really need a degree in the first place.
Uh, no, I'm not. I would never buy one, no matter how much money I had. It's a pretentious company.
&gt;when it does there will be something even better out Well it was never gonna beat the Valkyrie to begin with.
Just wear a helmet.
That is a bad and wrong opinion.
It's been a damn week shut up and go play another game.
No need to worry, it'll soon be replaced by another temporary mode for y'all to complain about.
Yes. Which I liked, personally.
Because it's obvious?
The title lists Apple and Google, and the subtitle also lists Dell and Tesla, but Microsoft is the only one you mention?
It'll be back.
Not to ruin it, but... it wasn't serious.
That's definitely a closet.
I was gonna say, give me the human equivalent and I'd be all over it.
I wish my body could simply keep the fitness level I give it.
Couldn't care less
Honestly would be somewhat surprising to me only because of the number of times I've been stopped for them to examine the bottle opener on my keychain.
You're not understanding. The argument is that even without any sort of ball those movements are sloshing your brain around a bit. You have to rapidly get your head into position, and then there's another small rapid movement to hit/direct the ball before the actual impact. Is that enough to do any sort of cumulative damage? I have no idea. But that's the argument.
Yeah. And I'm all "but the search function is how I found this thread... Why couldn't you just answer the question?"
It's almost exactly how the Hot Pursuit mode worked in Blackout. Except that in Blackout all killed players would spawn in on every circle close (I think 5 total). It did not ruin the game at all. In fact all my friends considered it more fun than the regular mode because you knew you wouldn't have to sit and twiddle your thumbs for 20 minutes if you got killed early. And in Warzone it seems to only happen maybe once per game.
Oh shut up. You obviously didn't play Blackout. It's almost exactly how the Hot Pursuit mode worked in Blackout. Except that in Blackout all killed players would spawn in on every circle close (I think 5 total). It did not ruin the game at all. In fact all my friends considered it more fun than the regular mode because you knew you wouldn't have to sit and twiddle your thumbs for 20 minutes if you got killed early. And in Warzone it seems to only happen maybe once per game.
You can't just pull trillion after trillion after trillion out of your butt without end and have no repercussions from that.
Lockdowns have a life cost as well. People haven't been going to the doctor and getting checked for things like cancer. And a sky-high unemployment rate combined with the fact that stress reduces lifespan means that's costing people. All those sorts of factors are cumulative, too, for as long as things are restricted. That's not even considering how many people's lives have been wrecked economically, many permanently. Give this a read: https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/04/11/grocery-store-owner-new-orleans-coronavirus/?arc404=true&amp;utm_campaign=wp_post_most&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=newsletter&amp;wpisrc=nl_most I don't have the data to say exactly when, but at some point the lockdowns become worse than the virus.
&gt; Having a virus kill more Americans than World War 2 will torpedo the economy for sure I'm sorry, but this is a BS comparison. When you control for the fact that the world and US populations were roughly 1/3 what they are now, and that the average age of those killed in WWII (especially for Americans casualties which were mostly military) was much younger than coronavirus, WWII was closer to an order of magnitude worse in life-years lost.
&gt; (inject the downvotes into my veins) here you go.
Darn, that was my idea too. Maybe you could sandwich something between the two choppers. Not sure an ATV would be stable enough, but...
There lifting physics don't surprise me much. It just means there's an actual model of thrust/lifting force instead of simply translating the choppers location which would be the lazy way to do it. And they kind of need to model thrust because otherwise the chopper wouldn't fall when people jump out.
Fucking stupid that people get downvoted for asking for a source. Borderline anti-intellectualism.
Yes all bars should go out of business permanently.
#LOCKDOWN FOREVER
If that's your standard then there could easily be no sports for 2+ years. And that's just ridiculous.
Hi.
The puck could still get deflected up. It's not like it was "safe" by today's standards.
Perhaps they're not inherently the worst thing ever, but they get abused in obnoxious ways. They're intended to convey an emotion or concept, but for example nobody uses a regular smiley face or laughing face. It's *always* cry-laughing emojis, often several of them, regardless of how funny the sender thought the thing actually was it whether they even laughed.
Yeah I'd rather boycott Pirelli because they're 45.5% owned by the Chinese government.
Even metric countries don't use decimal time, so I wouldn't get too high and mighty.
Maybe but there's no guarantee that any of the first round of vaccines will be effective. It could take several trials and several years. And even then it's not 100% guaranteed.
I just recently switched from tactical to lightweight so that I could drop the close quarters stock for slight of hand without an ADS penalty. I think it'll work out fine.
&gt;for the PKM this does not matter (the amount of bullets needed stays the same at every distance beyond 30m) Not 100% sure of your meaning here, but the wording is inaccurate. The monolithic extends that damage drop-off range. That being said I'd rather run tactical or even lightweight.
I don't really agree with some of the suggestions given. Anyway this is what I've been using for quite a while now: Tactical suppressor, tac laser, VLK 3x sight, close quarters stock, snatch grip. IMO: snatch grip and tac laser are must haves. Mono suppressor is not worth the ADS penalty. The barrel options are not worth it. With only one damage drop-off, damage range is not a big concern and bullet velocity is a "meh" bonus. A lot of people recommend no stock, but I think since you're supposed to be using this mid to long range, you don't want the recoil control penalty. Recently I switched my setup to: lightweight suppressor, tac laser, VLK 3x, snatch grip, slight of hand. Keeps the same ADS as the above setup, sacrificing some damage range for the faster reload. We'll see how I like it. I considered going for a bigger mag but the ADS and movement penalties on them are significant, and I think getting a solid ADS was key to really making the gun work. I might try them at some point though.
You definitely want an SMG secondary.
&gt;Mines got the monolithic suppressor and long barrel so the damage at range is good You know those don't actually increase damage values, right? They just extend the damage drop-off point.
Having loadouts in the game was *always* going to create balance problems.
It's "metagame." The other shit is made up.
Metagame. The most popular tactics/strategies.
&gt;fact that the Grau outranges the M4 makes it overpowered No. &gt;why would you ever have your Grau out if you are expecting a close range fight? That's what your MP5 is for. If you're running Grau/MP5 you can't run a sniper.
&gt;The "surge bar," if it is so-equipped, has a circuit breaker. But it's a very dumb circuit breaker: It only responds to an excess flow of current. AFAIK those breakers are also relatively slow. They're designed to prevent fires and hopefully save the electronics attached to them. GFCIs cut the current very fast before it can kill you.
Then let's just ban all sports for the next four years.
Just updating here for those finding this thread: Minnesota Freedom Fund has a good cause, but I've found some articles indicating that while they have a good cause, it was a pretty small charity that is struggling to put the massive influx of money they've received into action. Hopefully they'll figure out quickly, but in the meantime another charity along the same lines is https://bailproject.org
I went curved 32" 4k. I run it at 100% dpi so it's like having four of my 15.6" laptop screens in a grid. It also gives more vertical resolution than 1440p. Mine was also cheaper than the decent ultra-wide options.
&gt; their brand It's all some form of celebrity worship, which I think is rarely a good thing.
Then you need a more strict definition of "major."
Point shares favors Ovi's peak: https://www.hockey-reference.com/play-index/psl_finder.cgi?request=1&amp;match=single&amp;year_min=2005&amp;season_start=1&amp;season_end=-1&amp;rookie=N&amp;age_min=0&amp;age_max=99&amp;pos=S&amp;is_playoffs=N&amp;threshhold=5&amp;order_by=ps Ovi from 07-10 was an absolute monster.
Being able to hear my local broadcast team past the first round would make me so happy.
Shouldn't make much difference once they're isolated.
Define "fancy."
He was a top pair guy for us as well... except for his 18-19 season. Still not sure what the deal was there.
I don't think "perhaps that's racist instead of genocidal" is "justification." It's a different level of condemnation.
That's a pretty harsh way to treat a friend. You seem like an angry person.
It's just a game. They can start a new one. Don't take this shit so seriously.
... They're friends. You block your friends when they fuck up in a game? Remind me not to be friends with you.
Well this thread is pretty toxic. Lots of people who would apparently damage friendships over a video game.
Just keep driving until you run into another squad. That's my team's strategy.
*gnar
Who upvotes this low effort garbage? Reported. Sidebar rules 1 &amp; 2: Post cats doing weird and interesting things, or making poor decisions that could be the result of their undeniable love of catnip. Uh, nope. Animated gifs, gyphys, or videos are very, VERYpreferred. Still images will very likely be removed. The best posts should also have a clever or funny title. Please try to avoid the HMC... format. Pic. And garbage title. This isn't /r/stoppedworking. It's not like the cat "stopped working" either.
Don't be daft. You're aware that per capita statistics are a thing, right? I'm not blaming Democrats (or anyone at the moment) but here's a study literally titled "why is there more crime in cities?" https://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/abs/10.1086/250109?journalCode=jpe#/doi/abs/10.1086/250109?journalCode=jpe The first line: &gt;Crime rates are much higher in big cities than in either small cities or rural areas.
You might want to bump that font size up.
Yes it is.
&gt; I could honestly care less How much less? A lot less?
And your reward if you make it out of that is to get pushed into TV station.
Do you have a source for that or something? Or is it common knowledge? Serious question. I'm just curious. It makes sense to me that it would be similar for all the mid-range scopes but even the info on the VLK is relatively new to me.
Mono suppressors don't reduce recoil. Also, I generally don't use them even in Warzone because the ADS penalty is generally twice that of the tactical, for only 7.5% range improvement.
What? When was the PKM nerfed?
But the only attachments that affect velocity are the barrels, right? Like even the lightweight suppressor only affects the range, not velocity, as far as I know. I do know that most/all attachments that affect velocity also affect range, but AFAIK the reverse is not true.
Good to know, thanks. I was worried it was recent.
&gt;The longest barrel *actually increases* recoil and ADS time. Not exactly. I don't agree with Ace's conclusion there. Take a look: https://i.imgur.com/8Y5Lizr.jpg Yes, more vertical recoil, but I think it's pretty obvious that it's reducing side to side bounce. That being said, I still don't use it. Too much other stuff that's better.
Amazon also has full replays of each game in the cup final, plus the series-winning games of the first three rounds. I watched the Pens game last Saturday.
Turns out I wasn't: https://www.reddit.com/r/MWLoadouts/comments/gjbquy/other_bullet_velocity_bullet_drop_and_bullet/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf It's really annoying how nebulous and outright bullshit the attachment stats are.
There's no "working with it." That massive side to side bounce is literally impossible to predict. The gun is just bad.
You know you can put stopping power rounds in any gun, right? Why would I put them in a garbage gun?
Have you even *bothered* to look at the recoil plots just posted? It is literally *not possible* to "tame" that recoil. The side to side bounce is massive.
&gt;After using it for a while I've somehow figured out to to control the recoil. No you didn't, because it's random.
And I support the player's extravagant lifestyles.
There's a lot of classic Reddit "I hate rich people for being rich" in this thread.
Okay so you have absolutely no understanding of basic economics. Someone else above gave a pretty solid explanation: &gt; I don’t know where you think the players are taking all the risk and the owners have none. The owners are taking on plenty of risk. They are on the hook to pay all of the other costs of running the team. If those costs are more than the teams portion of revenue the owner looses money. On the other hand the player contracts are guaranteed. You could get injured 6 months into a 10 year $100 million dollar contract and still get paid. It took an unexpected catastrophe like coronavirus to have a situation where the players are slated to take a major hit in pay. https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/hfwegs/ryan_kesler_its_about_time_the_owners_need_to/fw1c6xj/
That's such a lazy, simplistic viewpoint that's it's basically anti-intellectualism. Congratulations.
&gt; No, I’m saying I don’t want sports to happen at all #LOCKDOWN FOREVER Let's cancel sports for the next four years.
I'd be perfectly happy if they just released the raw data to the community.
I mean that's only dangerous if it's raining.
Owners and GMs definitely tank. You say a GM wouldn't want to tank because they might not be there to reap the rewards, but if I'm an owner and my GM refuses to tank/rebuild, I'm firing him/her immediately.
Also: be sure of your target and what lies beyond it.
OG because split toe shoes.
What matters is airflow over the heat sink. You don't *need* pipes. The pipe in that top pic isn't moving the heat to the fan, it's moving it to the heat sink which is mounted next to the fan. Most designs do something like that because it's hard to fit a heat sink directly to the CPU and actually get airflow to it. The cooling capacity may be inadequate, and the flow may not be properly directed over the heat sink, but the lack of a pipe is not in and if itself a problem.
Flair up, jerk.
Are you aware that fans have no control over what their teams do? Your "logic" goes like this: &gt; Person A can't criticise Person B for doing X, because Person C also did X.
Anyone that downvoted you is a twat.
The sequels complaint is a little dramatic IMO. I didn't like some of the changes in Battlefield V, but BF1, right before that, was great. Halo 5's story maybe wasn't perfect but the multiplayer was quite good. I haven't played ME Andromeda, but as far as I know it wasn't considered to be outright bad. And, frankly, it's not unheard of for good series to have misses. I do think though that free-to-play is maybe the worst thing to ever happen to video games.
Well he didn't break his foot, so it's funny.
Most cities are. Honestly I feel like most cities aren't as different/unique as people like to think. Except Pittsburgh. What a shithole.
&gt;I think it’s boring if everyone uses the same guns So what do you think of games where there's only one assault rifle, one SMG, one sniper, etc?
You must really hate games like Halo, Gears of War, etc that only have one of each gun type.
&gt;Because it makes the game stale No it doesn't. There are tons of games that only have one assault rifle, one SMG, one sniper, etc, with no weapon customization, and they're not "stale."
We have no evidence the cat drank any of it.
Yeah, the deeper the black, the more that awesome neon teal pops.
I haven't played either game and have no opinion on any character's sexual preferences. But I downvoted your comments because: A) you don't actually know why someone downvoted you, and calling them all incels is classic ad hominem. B) I'm sure there's some homophobia, but based on a couple lengthy Reddit threads, there's a lot of story-related complaints that have nothing to do with homophobia. But no, they're all just incels to you. More ad hominem. I get the sense that you're basing your opinion more on headlines and a few tweets than actual discussion about the game. C) "gamergate" has nothing to do with this.
It's a bit more computation than a simple parabola curve, but honestly not that much more. And compared to grand total of computation going on to run the game, a single arrow is negligible.
Not sure I would call them "pre-set arc calculations." If you're ignoring air resistance the bullet path becomes a parabola, but the shape of that parabola is dependent on muzzle velocity and launch angle. And it's not like it's hitscan along the arc, I think they're still running a new calculation to get the bullet position at every tic of the physics engine. Anyway, CoD Modern Warfare: &gt; “The caliber of a weapon dictates recoil, muzzle velocity, and bullet penetration,” Cecot says. “The bullet actually travels. Every gun is a legitimate projectile. We put the actual mass of the bullet and muzzle velocity into the system.” &gt; Every weapon has ballistics data determined by the real-life firing speed and bullet size. These factors also influence bullet penetration. Hitting a wall or other obstacle doesn’t register as impenetrable like in the vast majority of games. In Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, with a big enough gun, you can shoot through walls to eliminate your opponents. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.inverse.com/article/58506-call-of-duty-modern-warfare-gun-bench-scanning-captain-price-sound/amp If they're using bullet weight they must be modelling air resistance. Also, Battlefield guns have had bullet velocity and gravity statistics for ages, and apparently they started modelling drag with Battlefield 1: https://battlefield.fandom.com/wiki/Projectile_mechanics
Y'all keep saying that like it happens to every person. It doesn't. People should read this to get an idea of what's actually going on: https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/conditions-and-diseases/coronavirus/what-coronavirus-does-to-the-lungs
&gt;it’s supposed to have a “sticks and stones” type of feel. Because that's what you want from it.
I don't. My internet isn't limited. Storage space is.
&gt;shitty dev team, using amateur programming practices, nothing being written efficiently in terms of resource management. Mmm, care to elaborate? How do you know this? What are they doing wrong? Y'all just keep throwing around words like "optimisation," and I kinda doubt you've ever written a program outside of academics. Yeah, I suspect it's not perfect, based solely on the size of other games, but there's an awful lot of people talking out their asses here. Also, lots of games are over 100 GB now. Asking for 70 is an awful lot in the age of 4k gaming. Textures take up the large majority of the space in games.
It wasn't for me.
Fuck people who throw cigarette butts on the ground.
Battlefield V isn't rendering a map that's *nine square kilometers*. When I look at the other side of the map with my sniper, those textures need to load in *fast*. I'm not saying there's no room for improvement. There probably some. But there are a lot of people here that have no clue what they're talking about.
You have a lot to learn, young Padawan. A) length - measured in lines or function calls - of a program often has nothing to do with speed or efficiency. A "longer" program can be faster than a short one. B) the actual code only takes up a small portion of game files. The bulk of it is audio files, textures, and models. So "trimming down the code" would not help much. C) not sure what basis you have to suggest that the culprit here is "inefficient" or bad code.
I liked it for sniper practice.
It'll all settle back on one gun before long.
M13 recoil is still in a straight line, it's just to the right. Just as much of a laser when you get used to it, and it does better damage at range.
No it doesn't. M13 does 19 damage at range, Grau only 18. And M13 fire rate is 900rpm, Grau only 750. M13 can kill significantly faster at range.
It's not different. They're the same. Ace confirmed it.
Warzone and multiplayer are both 100 base health, it's just that multiplayer doesn't have armor.
&gt;The recoil is also almost all visual, Depends on how fast you're shooting. At fast fire rates it has significant recoil up and to the right. I was just testing it last night.
If you're firing fast it goes up and to the right. I just tested it last night.
I think it's okay now, honestly. I think they improved it a bita while back.
It was always like that. They didn't increase the recoil pattern magnitude, they increased the side to side bounce.
No. https://imgur.com/a/Fgiixb5
