Animals can't rape other animals. You're anthropologizing.
No, that was very prominently placed on the frontpage of the sub to test reaction. It got a pretty big response and decisions were made based on that. It wasn't some big coincidence. It's similar to how people absolutely refuse to believe WWE uses /r/SquaredCircle to get a feel for crowd reaction. "Oh you think WWE cares about what internet smarks think?!" Meanwhile the sub has over 500,000 subscribers, which is around a third of their total weekly viewership. They're watching very closely.
Well she's given up
In ST:O you can maneuver at warp but a full 180 takes a wiiiiiiiide turn, almost the whole sector. Anything more and you risk tearing the ship apart.
I always assumed that aside from Weyoun and perhaps the female line there is never more than one or two Vorta alive at any moment that have actually laid eyes on a founder.
They never really delve into the cloning but I'm sure she cared. We saw something similar with the two Rikers.
I realized after being on here for a few years that I think somehow someway the comments are sorted nearer to the top if someone is within a certain distance.
You can't see the episodes playing out with even a little Janeway/Chakotay "home is where the heart is, Katherine" line tossed in.?
He's possibly trapped in one of those visor things, how is that happy? It's kinda similar to Repo Men(Man?) after the guys serious injury.
I never even knew there was a part two! Loved the first one.
The blocks would finish you off.
Flanderization is the TV term. It's entrenched in WWE more so than any other TV series, Imo.
Yeah it wasn't a a horrible job at the time. 8.75/hr and I worked in the mean department. It was very slow paced and no one really messed with you. You'd just check what meat was empty, write down the number, go to this big room in the back, find the box with the matching number and bring out that particular meat and restock it, rinse and repeat. But like I said one of the easiest jobs in the store. I have a much better job now at 8 huge supermarket chain that's kind of locally-owned here in the state. Great pay and solid 40 hour weeks plus insurance. My next step is to do some sort of EMT training and hopefully move on to paramedic.
Just keep in mind he could most likely never work a day again in his life and still live better than most anyone. I think he actually just enjoyed doing it at this point.
Uncharted is obviously the big play here. It absolutely hinges on getting a good actor to play Drake though, I mean Drake is Drake, so that could be a little jarring seeing someone else play him. Titanfall and a *proper* DOOM could be amazing as well.
Super heroes back then weren't like Marvel movies today. It was a huge question mark
She's pretty close to obese at this point.
YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT HARD TIMES
That's just when new movies and CDs are released as well. Videogames just picked up on it. It has to do with sales I believe. And a one day slack in case the delivery hasn't hit on Saturday.
What's absolute position?
I honestly believe less than 30 percent of users actively use the rating system. Probably closer to 20.
Well he's wheeled out to the ambulance in Rejects and then in a deleted scene Rosario Dawson plays a nurse who is checking on him and flirting with the yellow glasses cop and he rips her throat out so yeah, he's real.
When she got called up Meltzer said Vince wanted to make her akin to a version of Brock Lesnar but for the women's division. That was when she was teamed with Charlotte. Not sure why they changed so hard on her.
RemindMe! 1.5 years "What's Ronda up to?"
Call Funaki to the ring and have him translate, like they do in boxing and UFC
My mom pointed that out! I didn't see it but she did. What was the deal?
All personal feelings about her WWE moves aside, she's for all intents and purposes an absolute failure in Hollywood. All her upcoming movies have been canceled after people figured out she's horrible at acting, and her popularity plummeted pretty quickly (not necessarily among the general populace, I'm talking Hollywood). Think about it. I'm fine with her on the roster I'm just not interested in it personally.
For some reason r/SC is in this mindset that thinks Rousey is still a big deal. She's a great personality and I'm sure if she works hard she'd be a great addition to the roster but she isn't holding even close to a fraction of the star power she had at her peak a few years ago. She's a recognized name, not necessarily popular. Those are two totally different things.
I have to say this every so often. I always took a liking to Rey, maybe just because he always got picked on by the big guys and I identified with that. Back in the day (1999 or so) I ordered some tapes off some guy I found on the IGN boards and I swear to God it started with what had to be some of his first matches in some random high school gyms with 30 or 40 people and he was doing shit every 30 seconds we consider ourselves lucky to see a few times a year. I mean just otherworldly. It's an absolute shame HD video wasn't around back then. The tapes were getting grainy from copy degradation I hope someone somewhere has some great copies. He is hands down one of of the top 5 greatest of all time. If you have a problem with that say top 10. If you have a problem with that you haven't seen what he can do. The whole situation makes me mad. I'm glad his return has so many hits, he deserves it.
Wait, what did I say to make you think that was a comparison? It was a timeline.
People keep turning this into some neckband thing. I don't have anything to do with that. In wrestling she's not that big of a deal, in MMA she was at one point. That's clear. And then people are calling people anti-women when those people favorite wrestlers are sometimes literally successful women. I don't know what you mean by the "who are you?", she's an MMA fighter, not a wrestler. So if anything I'm *complimenting* her ability and how easily she would pick it up. My reaction is literally *"I hope this doesn't suck"* and you can see that in my comment history. I hate the way she came out and did the sign point and all and I wish Asuka would have actually named a Challenge and then Rousey had come out. I would have been totally down. You're very eager to slay a dragon that doesn't exist.
Unfortunately I'm not too familiar with him but hopefully he makes a positive impact.
Vacuum tubes.
But that's a stunt-fan
The apathy was crystal clear during TLJ marketing frenzy. I couldn't believe I was the only one who felt it dying.
You must have missed the news
This is attempting to go to jail. He even calls the girl to ask her if she's happy now.
Its not even a movie trailer as we now know them. It was the VHS trailer, which is the equivalent of those Netflix autoplay video trailers.
Its usually only a thing in grade school. Like, we would have a weekly trivia contest where after the announcements and the pledge the principal would ring each class and ask the answer. If you won your class got a pizza party. I actually think pizza hut or dominos was doing this in the early 90s as sort of a guerilla marketing technique. Donate the pizzas and reap the financial rewards when all the kids think about it and then talk about it on the way home and oh you know what it's 5pm and it's Friday. We definitely know he likes Dominos! (per the pizza party) You get it.
But a time limit isn't a remote kill...
I think you missed this one buddy.
Or Xanax if you wake up at 2am puking worrying about going into work tomorrow morning, even though you did it the last 200+ days just fine. People have this "depression" idea when it can be alot more than that.
I'm sure they'll say something. You act is if they just bolt back to the car and floor it.
I don't particularly like him but it's somewhat annoying how the media in general has just absolutely jumped on anything negative about him while not saying a word about anything remotely good that's happened.
I say this often as well. If the TV actively *wants* you to hate or love something then you probably want to be doing the opposite.
Also Baldwin goes out to have a smoke as well, right before it goes down.
"That slightly chubby black dude" would have done it. Him being black in Boston is even a small talking scene in the beginning.
They both have controversial tags. The way the algorithm works is it games the true numbers, so a +32 simply means a net positive of 32. So 31 people upvoted and none Downvoted. Or a 0 could mean 500 people upvoted and 502 downvoted. Now, the majority of top comments are posted within the first 7 minutes of a post being up, with the majority of top posts hitting between 7-10ish central US time. Too many variables. You *can* hijack a top comment but it has to be extremely early on.
No he definitely hasn't. If anything you're referring to his foundation to help raise campaign funds for candidates at the local election level that share his views. He absolutely did not start a new party.
&gt;Underwear, Jar Jar?
I don't think the quality of it in 3D was ever an issue it was just people generally staying away from it.
The direct sequel to the classic is the next best. They're all watchable imo, aside from AvP:R
They should think that, absolutely, then find out it's not true. What kind of sick person wants to remove all sense of wonderment from childhood?
You're clearly missing the *entire* point.
Because nost likely the guy was thinking the same thing you did. Punk probably even realized it sucked. That's why he threw it again, hoping to catch him off gaurd
I'm almost positive they told her to smile so often to highlight her *awww me weally weally mad* face.
Thats... strange. Accounts that maintain kayfabe are a novelty.
Jericho sitting nonchalantly cross legged on top of the ladder made that segment for me. So fucking great for some reason
The greatest part is how he angles the can as he sprays it. As if his dick is somehow rock hard and actually reaching his hand pulling his trunks. So detailed.
For most people it's unreasonable.
I think you're probably half right. I'm sure it's probably a dev playing, and I think you're right about the footage. I actually do think they give someone a copy and have them replay the same level over and over until they get it just perfect. It probably is on Easy tho
Well the mission he's on in the footage is to take down Fisk hideouts...
What's the Christmas line? I don't get the joke.
And that line is an attempt to shame him and anyone else thinking about doing it into submission. The old "haha you're all alone, loser" ploy. Sorry but it's bunk.
Enjoy putting that sock on...
If it's literally shattered into a hundred pieces, yes, breaking in a few places like when you normally hit someone with something will still do enough damage
He definitely doesn't look like a crackhead. Maybe a working guy with a diesel who's buying a beer in Raceway at 5:15 in the afternoon
You're just trolling I'm sure, because no one is that retarded. &gt;:change, alteration, revolution, upheaval, transformation, metamorphosis, breakthrough
/r/ididntknow
I think you can use whatever you want if it's satire or making fun of shit
There's gotta be over a billion people on earth. Even if 100 million people watched it the math still checks out because there are definitely that many idiots running around.
It's almost like reading an ad.
You *introduce* something to something else that already exists.
Can't believe everyone's passing up the first ever women's cover op.
Stacy was a Diva, pretty sure WWE can/has acted like pre-Revolution "lookers" (I know she wrestled very occasionally) aren't the same category as the Women's Revolution people.
There is *way* too much flailing about.
It's also the top comment in every thread about this game that makes it to the front page.
If I recall correctly on that show where they test out ancient weapons the Katana was about the only one where they begrudgingly had to accept that pretty much everything you see is possible.
Supermarkets here in Louisiana have them (Albertsons), as well as Walgreens.
Pretty sure that's a futile attempt to catch the sweat
All the shit posts that are allowed and they pick this post to lock? Fucking dumb.
You're the real Roman Admiral now, Roman
I would hope the men's MItB would main
Just keep in mind most of those articles are outsourced (ala huffpo) so it's not literally CBSsports as a whole.
Wait is he actuallly bald?
I was so confused by him when he was up against Bryan. Like, it just looked like he was totally half-assing it. I'm not even talking about the actual moves, just things like his half-hearted attempt at mocking the yes chant, the weird facial expressions, sleeping through the torture rack. I feel like he was playing some angle we just weren't privy to, or perhaps he already knew what was coming..
It was a FedEx delivery, not a phone call.
Being all in on that feud doesn't matter. I'd even argue changing his opponent would have resulted in even greater interest. I mean it's Big Cass, not a the culmination of a two year long feud with HBK or something jeez
I mean, doesn't that seem more like a Bryan suggestion than something Cass would want to do?
Shut up
What the fuck! I thought he was doing okay after his bypass and whatnot
Funny how it took so long for people to hit "If they're loading the game, they *might* just play it"
I'm sorry i can't remember them off the top but my favorites are Tron and Rez, both dynamic
Can't help but feel their obsession with unlimited growth, a Gamestop on every corner, etc played a large part. Yeah the stores are cheap but JESUS, just because you opened a hundred stores this year doesn't mean you have to open 150 next year.
If you're making billions and then spending billions that's not profit, it's expense
We still have locally owned game shops. It's called Play-n-Trade
That's not exactly how it works.
Had the infamous crucifixion angle in ECW happen already? I remember he pitched a fit about it maybe rubbed some people the wrong way
No way. Actually we had a Zaxbys here in Lafayette that just closed. Dumbasses opened up literally in the same parking lot as a popeyes with a CFA a qaurter mile down the road, didn't stand a chance.
He did that falling down snow-angel style at MitB, didn't he?
That's not a battle it's a massacre.
No, the silent majority don't give a fuck and most likely think it's silly.
You can't make statements of fact here.
It's extremely obvious. Generally when there is a logo or website at the bottom, it's an ad. Hell this post is most likely an ad.
Thanks for pointing that out
Was that that Columbian House 10 CDs for a dollar each then 5 ar the regular price of 29.99 kind ifndeal?
555 is a reference to the city code used for phone numbers in movies and TV shows, because it doesn't exist. It's a jab at the Beautiful People, nothing to do with clothes man
Of course he does. The main cast often go on vacation. Truman mentions Marlon leaving for the summer to go drive trucks for some company. That's him leaving the dome.
Stuff like freezing and no competes are literally just shit they throw out and hope you don't disagree with it and challenge it because they *never* hold up in court. You don't sign a contract and then have one side decide to arbitrarily "freeze" it and just making it stop counting. By your logic they could freeze it for 50 years and Neville would die penniless and alone.
It's pretty humorous to me that some of the younger fans think Meltzer just woke up a few years ago, signed up for twitter, and started making guesses. There is a reason he's respected and trusted.
There would be a limit because generally the person signing it doesn't want their life ruined? And ironing this shit out beforehand is one of the main reasons for even *having* a contract. I can't tell if you're trolling or what.
You go from a arguably sexy, slim, beautiful woman to Mean Marge which would be like less than two years of time passing in-universe, so
Picard would retire before that happened.
Because close to two years without pay is a huge deterrent for people who aren't multi-millionaires?
Imo the title being on the moving graphic is pointless, they could just signify it above his name somehow.
Yeah, there is obviously a serious amount of pick and choose going on here. It's doubly stupid because this sub is so Downvote happy anything truly off topic gets downvoted to oblivion rather quickly. They could literally sit on their hands aside from removing actual spam.
It already started, peaked, and is on the downswing.
I've defended him since I was 13 years old. He was like the ultimate to me. Dave wasn't joking when he said Mysterio might be the greatest wrestler *ever* back in the early 90s. I ordered some tapes from the WON boards back around late 99. It's an absolute travesty high def lossless storage wasn't available back then, because the tapes were already pretty bad due to copy degradation but good Lord. He was doing stuff every 30 seconds we count ourselves lucky to see once or twice a year, and on top of that made it look easy and natural, but not so easy you thought it was non-important. It's a shame he often gets overlooked nowadays. He's in amazing shape and I'd fucking love to see him get a run. I will say WWE has been more open lately about allowing one offs just for the sake of it being really fucking cool, so you never know.
"You're the real conqueror now, Roman" Hopefully Brock really puts him over and let's them do that Roman/Sable live sex in the ring angle (ala Edge/Lita) they canceled last year.
&gt;**Uhhh you know.......... ....plans change and uhhh Vince actually likes them both so...you know, either way it's the best angle I've seen... this year when compared to *cough* other stuff I've seen this year, but not the best when compared to uh angles I've seen before** -Dave Meltzer
Well if it's a delay with the patch that very well could be on Sony's end. They have an in-house verification system for patches and updates posted to their network. I'm not saying it's NOT Ubisofts fault, they could have got the patch to Sony later than anticipated, and are just now waiting to hear back from them.
I kinda really liked Last Witch Hunter as well
Regardless of whether or not you believe it, the circumstances around his death are weird as fuck.
HAARP, it was an official facility and it was shutdown a few years ago, but the science behind it was rather practical and there is no reason to think it was impossible or silly.
/r/iamverysmart
Hey my Mom did too! It didn't take her long to figure out (we didn't have internet when she first started)
It's the same event? His dad was the source of the power.
Honestly I've often had thoughts pop in my head that people who are across the sea, other continents, what have, are really not as far away as they seem (or as we are told). I know it's not factual but it's just a thoughtform that constantly pops up for me.
You don't Reddit very much do you? I wish I had the 10 year old sock link handy.
Those count as of about 3 years ago. At least Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, and YouTube and a few others
Isn't a cobbler kind of like a plumber? Youre never not that, you're just not doing it right now.
RFID tags.
It was on the front page for 3 Days thanks to the new shity algorithm
It's not a cult movie wtf lol
Which this doesn't have. It's a cheap attempt to push some money into a Marvel property that isn't really.
4 movies. Homecoming and IW2 being the last.
A McDonald's nugget is classified as a "battered fritter" whereas CFA and Canes etc use a more traditional "flour milk flour" which results in a much lighter and softer nugget. I like both though, especially if you can catch McDonald's in the day or two after the change the oil. Number one thing you can do for anything homemade like that is to bite the bullet and deep fry it, baking won't work unless it's Bell and Evans, since they use a proprietary IQF method on their nuggets.
Just because something pops up on Netflix doesn't make it "cult status" Boy the guys in the marketing department sure saw you coming.
They forgot his birthday, didn't they?
I've been using PayPal since it's inception and haven't had a single solitary problem. I can understand if you don't want to use Sals Mobile Payment app or what have you, but at this point PayPal is pretty huge and you're covered just like you would be from your bank.
Maybe if Depp had sat in a seat that was previously sat in my Dillinger before he died.
Imagine thinking slavery didn't exist before 1776.
Can anyone tell me what this is advertising? I'm assuming it's German but I'm not sure
No they don't need a "firefighting" team on staff.
No, they stay you just can't play them. When you sign back up you're good.
Amazon has the easiest returns of any company. All you do is go to your order history, select "Return/Refund" next to the item, and select "doesn't work". They'll have you print a label and send it back, as soon as they get it you'll either get a credit to your account or a full refund back to your card (you choose which option you want before you print the label)
I don't see any angle that could possibly look upside down
Nielsen gets Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, and YouTube for the final number as of about 18 months ago
Nielsen includes Hulu, Netflix, Amazon and Youtube in the final number. Not sure where this magic uncountable myth started.
I know friend, that's why I said final rating.
Florida has rules about releasing police information daily, nothing happens there that doesn't happen other places.
Men means Mankind as well so it was still totally unnecessary
Well calorie/protein ratio is pretty much the most important thing you need to know as far as eating healthy so that is actually good.
Squaretrade AP
God. Christmas Reddit. Of course it was fucking uncommon. It was very uncommon, maybe 1 out of every 500,000, I'd even venture to say one in a million. As far away from not uncommon as you could be.
"Whatdaya mean we aren't going to do the truck scene? That's the one part I liked" "... it's just... *sigh* fine. We'll fit it in somehow"
Haven't played in 20 years but definitely leaning towards picking this up
They also had those freespinning frisbies with the ball bearing in the middle so you could trick your friends into thinking you were cool. Oh and also Lord of the Dance on 24/7 rotation on a small CRT display!
We have a couple MASSIVE hobby shops here in town. One is called Big Boy Toys and is about the size of a neighborhood Walmart. We also have And Comics Too and one more.
I appreciate your comment but that is a common misconception. It means the same thing as regardless but it is indeed a word and it is in the dictionary. Feel free to Google "Define irregardless" to see for yourself.
I suck.
Okay, you got it?
Why would a release be required by default? That's nuts. Thanks for pointing that out! Feels much better now.
Im still paying almost 14 years later. Still owe over 100000. They actually have called me the other day and said we could call it square for 8K cash payment. They get like $30 a month, the only reason I pay is so it doesn't mess with my credit, it's pretty much all interest.
Instagram followers. Same reason why Arya got Jon Snows storyline in Season 8 on GoT. Movie and TV execs haven't figured out that no one gives a shit about that stuff in real life.
What's the line? I deactivated all my social media account recently. I'm done with that trash.
Lol your hypothesis is based on a flawed premise, as the X-Men are not superheroes, they're mutants. In any case this line of Xmen movies has been shaky since X2 almost 20 years ago. This isn't some sign in the sky like you're making it out to be.
If Fighting with my Family or whatever it is can get a wide-release anything with Maise Williams will definitely get a release. She has a huge Twitter following, which is why we saw her get most of Jon Snows arc in season 8.
It's hilarious, they just had the ENTIRE cast on Strahan and Sara. First question? "Did all of you see the last episode of Game of Thrones?" She's not a good actress. She's one of these people who's big on social media that Hollywood tries to make real life famous. It just doesn't work. Same thing with Carla Delvigne.
I'm not trying to wrong generation here, but 5 years ago this BS would have been chewed up and spit out so fast it would have made your head spin. The shit I'm seeing lately; staged gifs getting 40K upvotes, bullshit stories, reposts of reposts of a repost on Instagram then reposted and reposted again with like 6 watermarks, etc. We aren't getting the best, that's all I'll say.
Happy Cake Day.
/r/atheism is like every edgy teen that finds out they don't believe in God yet are obsessed with everyone else's choice to. They haven't hit that "yah no one cares" wall yet. I also find it funny that most of our oldest written laws/rules literally come from religion, so.
Is this a recreation? It looks slightly different than the one posted a year ago
I can show you, give me a few minutes.
Ah I got what you're saying. I finally got it to work, it catches the guy much lower to the ground than in the video. I'm gonna try your suggestion now.
I doubt even traveling back and killing him would work, because when he is created he is then the fixed point, so you would literally just stand there repeatedly stabbing him as he dies is repeatedly conjured into existence for all eternity. In other words, he has to exist before you can kill him, so even killing him right after he is created would immediately rebirth him. It's a bootstrap paradox. You would have to travel *back* and kill Kronika **before** she creates him for him not to exist, and if he never existed then why did you even travel back to kill her? And then if she's dead then this would never have happened anyways, so again you would never go back in the first season place, thus causing the cycle to restart. It's another paradox.
If he ends slavery he wouldn't exist in his current form as his ancestors would never have been brought to America.
You will generally know when you can uppercut. If you're landing them then you're doing it right.
It's frozen at the bottom and displacing the soda as that takes up more space.
Would you recommend switching to the analog stick? I'm not bragging but fuck man, I know I'm not this bad at video games.
Yeah, let's see what the bank has to say say when I dispute the charge.
Just dispute the charge with your bank and attach the screenshot. Open and shut.
It's 100% pads. I watched it with subs on last night. Also they clearly have hockey pads on.
Look at their chests and arms.
Those are genrally perfect globes, the earth is more oblate, it's sphereific, but not spherical. It's still not a true representation
Why include the "black fella" modifier? It's not normal to do that, despite what reddit as a whole would have you believe. Your opinion is neither more or less valid because of it.
So he's fucking Amy Pascal
I have never understood stood this shit. The devious look on her face implies she knows exactly what she is saying and wasn't referring to the shirt. Why is she then covering her face?
The old lady is incorrect. The young, smart, fertile girl has chosen to drink the same initial volume of liquid, just two types mixed in one 16oz cup. She just put half hot chocolate and half coffee (or some other ratio). The old lady is implying she has two full 16oz portions, which is untrue.
Kooookl
I mean I guess you could loosely call it time travel, I think of it more as massively declarated aging due to the effects of traveling. This is all hypothetical. Hawking stated that time literally slows itself down because it can't break its own rules (the girl running down a train car on a hyperloop going just near the speed of light). Her time actually slows, to the outside observer she would literally be moving more slowly. I still feel like this is somewhat grounded in science but quickly goes off the rails as there's no way to experiment, only extrapolate. Things normally work the same on different scales, sometimes they do not. In any case you are travelleing from now to the future, you're just waiting it out. It's not what most people envision, which is stepping through a portal and emerging in 2600. That wouldn't be possible, IMO. Also what about the changes your departure creates? It could lead to the assassination of some important political figure and change the course of history, so now you're at *a* future, just not yours.
If you think Reddit isn't the most liberal/progressive corner of the internet aside from maybe the nuts on Tumblr you may have a mental disorder.
I mean, I don't think anyone really expects her to be brought to justice? She's just a press secretary. If you are not American this isn't like secretary of state or something important. Also this has absolutely nothing to do with check and balances, and in any case, that is *literally* working now, if you haven't been paying attention. She's the mouthpiece for the office itself. I blame her for nothing.
I found SE an extremely odd choice for this game. I don't dislike their games at all, just doesn't seem like a good fit.
Interesting, I didn't see too many posts with 12K upvotes talking about how much they were looking forward to Godzilla. Outside of /r/movies I can't think of seeing it mentioned once.
Depends on how many people it was intended for, and for what purpose. Most modern personal shelters aren't enough to hold more than one or two people. One paranoid person in power is all it would take.
What? A frequency is a frequency, it doesn't just exist in one thing, you can create any frequency that exists right this minute.
Deja vu.
I think I would recognize Parker, I gotta be honest. Bruce, yes. He looks like the bosses bodyguard in a Hitman game or something lol.
If you have actual anxiety and social issues it does the opposite of this to you. You speed up, because you feel awesome and normal.
Why would that be creepy? You think you can just wantonly post whatever the fuck you want and people won't call you out on it?
Most people who have been here for a while always check the username, as it's often they key or pun to the actual post. Fucking noob loser virgins popping up lately
Bro you'd have such a better time with just a small TV table and putting it center about 4 or 5 feet away from you. How do people watch stuff like this?
Thumbnail is Bobby B's main.
He's implying being able to use Shang and morph into those moves.
Yeah it's dumb, her pingy bullets I think are hands down the must bum move in the game. It's way too quick, from the positioning to the projectile itself.
Dude wtf. I'm about to just get the 4. I thought it had been all but confirmed.
If they wouldn't have called it Dredd 3D I'm thinking a minimum of 40% increase.
I'll honestly probably never use the Stylus. I just currently have an Aristo 2 and want to upgrade but not to another Aristo. So the 7+ is better than the current Stylo it would probably hold up nicely against the newest one as well huh?
That's called a "game room" in rich people houses.
The advertisement is literally saying the length of the deal, which is Mon-Fri, 12-8. They know exactly what they're doing. They hope you'll go for the discounted piercing, not put up a fuss, and just pay the normal price. This is /r/assholedesign, wrong sub.
I thought that was the point of the post...
Hey bro I too have a shit camera. Double check your settings but also wipe the grease, fingerprints off with lens with a soft spot on your shirt. Makes a difference.
It's a low resolution screen compared to even the Stylo 4 regular. 720 x 1570 pixels vs 1080 x 2160 and a pixel density of 279 pixels per inch versus 380.
Fucking sentient.
This is old as fuck he's dead now virgin.
Otis your girlfriend is awesomesauce
That's a throw like you do with the jeep in special forces camp
Yeah if only lol https://www.metacritic.com/game Edit: https://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation-4/mortal-kombat-11 Why so many low user scores I wonder.
I try to get the timing down on my zoning moves and try to bounce them around or catch them with an air or special air
I found Raiden and Liu Kang really easy to pickup.
He actually served in tha army for 3 or 4 years as an infantryman, so I think this is more of a mental issue, not sure why reddit is going the light-hearted route
This theory is at least as old as the book itself. Mugglenet represent
I believe that was specifically in only one timeline and does not apply, especially 2016-onwards. Since it's inception it's been "There was never a name for the [Doom] marine because it's supposed to be [the player]" and that's another Romero quote. It's one of those "Sure! If that makes it more fun for you" kind of things. I don't buy it and it really doesn't make sense. "The Doom Slayer was considered particularly special, as he had been given the ability to absorb the souls of those he killed by the seraphim." Doom Slayer; said to be an ancient warrior and sole surviving member of an order of knights known as the Night Sentinels, tasked with protecting their home and deities, the Wraiths, from Hell."
They're the same thing.
I fully agree with you. That could have taken someone a year to save up for, or more. It's rude and extremely entitled. I'm fairly certain it's also illegal.
Not the same scenario. This isn't done in pro wrestling anymore. In WWE the wrestlers clearly step back and let security handle it. The chair throw at the end is absolutely ridiculous and stupid. The company could easily be sued along with the wrestler. Trust me, he won't be asked back.
Great, we should be one of those 28, them we can work on spreading our wealth among the others.
He's knocked out cold. He's not doing moving at all.
I mean... wasn't she right?
He's being downvoted by people who dislike the newer Star Wars films. I have no doubt my love for Top Gun will infinitely outweigh whatever random SW shit Disney decides to shovel out
I think it was just happenstance that he was there, it wasn't some master plan. If he wasn't there then Leos character would have been killed. I think that's why it shows Yani (sp) as the superior agent/intelligence gatherer. He has people like that everywhere. Even if they were tracking that one guys phone they'd have no clue he'd be there with Leo and Big Boss at that exact moment.
"Make this game your job or you suck lol"
I assume because some people may actually experience the issue
Wouldn't some characters have longer arms? Are you playing a shorter fighter like Cassie? Edit: I thought you meant throw for throw, I missed the d2 in your second paragraph
I mean, by that logic, you paid for Mortal Kombat 11, so you shouldn't have to unlock anything period.
Is that on every character? I swear there was a couple where it didn't apply, like Liu Kang genrally doesn't seem to be able to catch them, I don't know if it's the semi-cirlish nature of his swing or what.
I find the chain spin way more annoying than the port. I'm fine with it having range but it's literally going underneath the ground lol
I'll take cursing all day compared to some randoms shit music choices.
I'm playing Liu as well and he's kinda very similar to Raiden, easy short combos that can end with an amplifiied special and do a ton of damage. All in all I think he's a bet hindered overall, however.
I wish low fireball was on the dragon teleport variation.
Reputation of this subreddit omfg. I almost fell out of my chair.
Doesn't he hate the game as well as all of you?
You can't expect people to respect the lore when you put a furry suit on and butt fuck it to death every few months.
Disrespectful? *Your* turn? What the fuck? Shittiest advice in the world. Light them the fuck up as fast as possible as quickly as possible. There are no turns.
Name one? The events of the film would have most likely taken place with or without Cruise. The Samurai leader had a liking for him sure, and they did save him (Cruise) from capture. The only thing that truly effected the story was him giving the sword to the emperor. This may not have carried as much weight if it had come from someone else.
I just always wonder how the sports bras do it. It's physics defying almost.
Almost any app that makes money and is any kind of corporate is is rolling out a max of 30% and/or paid testing.
Uh, boy some of yall sure don't do drugs.
Nothin wrong with that Nothin wrong with that!
But the baker is being forced to create commissioned art against his will. Again it's not segregation or discrimination. The Baker is not refusing to bake *a* cake for anyone, they're free to purchase any cake in his shop and have someone else decorate it. So if you're asking me if I think someone who is against inter-racial couple then yes, the same rules would apply. Imagine fining DaVanci for refusing to paint the chapel in modern times. That's what you're suggesting.
Bernie was the only option for beating Trump. We knew that months before the primaries and nothing magically changed when they have her the party nomination.
This was funny the first time I read of someone doing it 20 years ago.
Probably forced the cook to leave his family in a home without power or transportation at the threat of losing his job. Picture is from the grand opening, unrelated. And reddit applauds.
Man I wish I knew what they were saying.
The what?
He sped up to showcase the vehicle.
It doesn't seem to be accurate, I checked it out
I come here every day for new insights. This may be my favorite video ever. There's just something so true about it.
It's a pretty regular thing in many restaurants. Chick fil a sauce, raising canes sauce, etc is generally a ketchup and mayo mix with a dash of seasoning. It's not something odd or strange. I would admit I'd prefer to just make it myself if I'm at home anyways. Honey mustard is usually mayo, mustard, and honey. Again the fact that they bottled it is somewhat strange but the sauce itself is eaten by millions of people. I think In n out sauce is a similar base as well. Also crawfish dip is usually that. I use it for fries as well but I also like straight mayo.
Yeah, same here in Lousiana. I'm sure you have chick fil a, that's what their brand sauce is. Also Raising Canes has it as well. It's also how crawfish dip is made.
You're just turning on the fan, the ac unit won't kick in and provide cool air until the thermostat setting triggers it. You can actually see the green fan light cycle on and off *before* you turned on the manual setting. You may actually be increasing the temperature of the room, as now the fan will suck in warm outside air but will not cool it, as the fan will be on regardless of the AC compressor on/off cycle. Congratulations, you just hacked yourself
https://trademarks.justia.com/870/94/n-87094783.html It looks like it's recently been challenged and as they can't provide a reasonable action of use they are on their second and final extension. Also the only word about it seems to be from one of his own books, so I'd take this with a grain of salt. He even says he sent them a letter and they caved. I'm not saying he didn't receive money for it, only that the majority of the letters he sends are laughed out of the room and this one happened to slip through. It's not even similar to their logo, which has one strike through the symbol. Like I said somone dropped the ball, big time.
Yeah that's literally just a cookie.
Uh, like, don't stand in it?
She's not something most people main. Obviously there is going to be corporate pressure to make sure the character voiced by Rousey wouldn't suck, not sure why people just act flabbergasted as to why she is so powerful.
That's not it. I saw it for a moment before it got nuked and I can't tell if it was legit or not. It did make me feel sick immediately, like evil was just emanating from it. I've NEVER seen it pop up again after looking through the hundreds of "claims" that it was the real one. It was much much closer to the face.
It was as if the thing had walked right up to some stationary camera and put it's face in it. It was almost glowing even through the picture somehow. Like 4D dark rainbow scales is the only way I can describe it. And pissed off. If you looked at it for a few seconds it would appear to start shifting in the pic and make you nauseated. Edit: and yeah I remember consciously deciding not to save the pic. I didn't even want it close to me, if that makes sense.
Me, on my only day off this week :'(
Every time.
I'm kind of shocked people are treating this as "New" info. It was literally the main red flag when I first read the story the day of.
Yes, it absolutely was.
They started caring about their own. Kinda falls into the plan
There are 6 skins with the electro-tats, one I thought you got for just finishing the story. I keep seeing people say Gauntlet but I've never touched that mode.
That may be correct, but they wouldn't be using visual from a satellite, I assure you.
... it doesn't matter if you're going a hundred miles or a million. You only need fuel to start and get up to speed and to stop. The rockets are not firing the entire trip dude.
Shell and Exxon are pretty much on the forefront of green energy tech. From micro-Nuke generators for a small town to solar. They're not going anywhere.
He doesn't even have to do it, the Secretary of Education has the power to do it TODAY if they wanted, no new legislation required. These comments from the rich, supporting the rich, are laughable.
I would have just went back to my last save. Fuck that.
Steel with the commentary.
Reddit is a corporation, it's not your best friend. They only care about profit and lawsuits. Sooner you understand that the better. They could care less. This was a move to save a half a point on someone's return 6 months down the line.
I like paypal
What a fucking loser virgin. Have fun wishing for Mileena nerd. Edit: Obligatory /s is obviously needed.
He method acted for Highlander 2 and hadn't gotten back to his real self yet
I've never had it happen to me but I'm looking forward to it tbh. A huge part of the negativity is the points loss in rank, losses should never cost you rank, that's why this shit happens and people DC and quit like it's the thing to do, because well, it is. They lock content behind league levels, so some people are literally just trying to get that and have to deal with the same shit you're dealing with. Vicious cycle. Remove league only unlocks and point loss and you fix the major issues that cause this negativity.
You missed both hits if you slo mo it.. Edit: nvm my bad
Just select Question type: "Report Abuse" It may take a while but every little bit helps.
Well yesterday a guy said he wanted to rape my daughter. Stuff like that. Also abuse of the system, app quitters and system unpluggers. They're abusing Kombat League and basically defeating the entire purpose of it. Edit: joke was on him as I don't actually have any children.
I think most people wouldn't dare even think about half the shit they say online in real life.
I have 6 so hopefully you bring an appetite.
I'm honestly not talking about just trash talk, I realize that's part of the game. I think we can agree that things can cross into obscene territory and that's just not a positive thing for most people. Also I believe app quitting to avoid losses and unplugging the console, etc is abuse as well. Edit: There was a gentleman on the Discord, a parent I think, who came in trying to find out how to explain because he too has some highly sexualized and inappropriate said *to* his daughter. Again the standard "I want to rape your corpse" (I think was the quote). I don't think that has a place in sportsmanship.
How do you figure?
People trying to level up and losing points because of quitters and purposeful DCers
Does Nintendo not QA patches before allowing them to post like Sony does?
Oh totally not staged yall. 100% real. God this crap would have been shredded in 10 mins and downvoted to hell and back a few years ago. It's like Grandma's United now.
Just select Question type: "Report Abuse" It may take a while but every little bit helps.
No, it wasn't "planned". There was a big write up about it recently. It may have been spit balled for about 30 minutes but that's about it.
That's factual information. I agree it's unfortunate.
Sure thing!
Nah
Same here, I've given 28 so far. Not much but hey why not!
Definitely. Threats of violence, murder and assault are taken very seriously by corporate entities.
They won't do it, maybe if Reptile was playable.
Dude he literally didn't even say that. His exact post was "Ft2 boyz" and the other dude jumped in and said Scar was insinuating shit. The kid is 16, he will probably think about this 3 years from now and cringe
And this was first started in the US and is active in many countries and Parrishes across the country.
100% a dude. Probably pre-op. I don't buy that Billie Ellish is a natural born female. Allegedly she wears those baggy clothes to "not be sexualized". Normal clothes won't sexualize you. Anyways, she's pretty much exclusive to 13-16yo girls
Dude I'm a younger millenial and she *does not exist* outside of Reddit/Twitter/tumblr, and she's barely even acknowledged on Reddit.
Me. Homie up there couldn't even tell what he was looking at.
:D Not quite /r/r/woooosh material Fair question though, did you recall the number of o's from memory? That'd be petty impressive.
I guess they get to still go at least.
If you think that bothers me we don't know each other very well :)
It's scanning to make sure there is a movement in sync with a scan and vice-versa
Now you got the idea
Thank you!! She specifically says she can't see her own future.
You really need to trade to see this happen, but the algorithms are so advanced you wouldn't even need to insider trade if you're on that level.
Anyone else catch that muscle memory?
She makes the same face as the upside down blizzard shake snafu girl from a few weeks back. Scary.
This is kind of creepy in a really dystopian way. Keeping the "help" out of sight, out of mind.
So you don't want to see the person cooking? Why?
You can do this anywhere. As long as they have the basic ingredients there is literally no reason you can't order anything you want at any time.
If you go at a normal time you won't experience it. These are probably the same people trying to get a sausage biscuit at 11pm. It has to be cleaned and it's gonna be cleaned when most normal people are asleep, stoners.
Well thats definitely a waste of wax.
There's only so much surface area for the smoke to interact with. Smoke suspended does nothing.
Just because it's a franchise doesn't mean it's not a multi-million dollar corporation. It's not like Subway or some shit, McDonald's franchises are the most expensive and hardest to come by, and most McDonald's franchise holders have 3 or more restaurants. It would depend on the owner yes but Corporate makes recommendations and they're all using the same software to run numbers. There's also generally a Assistant Manager on at all times, and this would hurt their overall sales numbers as well as possibly hurting the bonuses he and the GM will get. Like I said, you might get away with it for a day or two. Not to mention secret shops. That guy at the drivethru at 1130pm? Surprise!! It's your District Manager.
God didn't do that to you either.
Dad's probably more worried about the vet bills than not wanting.
Well shit man
A smile is a nervous reaction for most people, the fact you don't know this is a little concerning.
I'm sure he is, I doubt he's smiling because he thinks it's a humorous situation.
I worked there for a good while myself and I just don't see how it would be possible, frankly. What happens if you're refusing the customer in line and the drive-thru person isn't interested in your bs and walks over and makes a shake in front of the other customer?
You're probably thinking of the beloved r/beatittome
"it's totally this... infants...fault."
My dad was hauling rice at age 9. Local transport, down to the rice mill, but still not shabby.
She was alone in the boat, trailed by a crew at all times in a seperate boat. So she "sailed" it alone. Technicality.
Wo, I wear my flag bandana when I mow the grass
Honestly he looks a million times better now than he did even a few months before the attack. I have a feeling it was a problem for some time and he definitely bounced back hard. Really awsome on his part. Maybe the rope a dope will work.
Aren't you kinda tossing two theories together there? If a civilization attained a level of creating a Dyson Sphere there shouldn't be anything hold it back. Can't remember the name for the drone explorer swarms. It was touched on in SG Universe but they were war drones from eons ago. Programmed to attack and the controlling species died long ago, or forget about them.
Wouldn't a generational shp hypothetically be enough?
What if some of the stories from the Bible, like the wife turning into a pillar of salt, was just super old tales passed down of "pre-war"
Well they're in for a wild ride.
That's how the war starts. We already did that 12000 years ago.
Don't Fossils get melted at certain points? As they're continually covered up.
That's literally life though. They would be remembered on the ship, probably for as long as we remember people now. Maybe even becoming civilization spanning heroes. "I just often think about Matt the Radar Tech, who second guessed that alert shadow and was able to arm the defenses in time to destroy the asteroid. He went with his gut, so should I" - President Harry Ghengis-Edison Obama VII, EARTHyr 3022
True, I often question if there isn't some sort of slow-reset function we just miss, however.
I wasn't super familiar with spheres being built in a swarm, I'm checking it out now. I was under the impression that a Sphere would just be around the sun of the solar system containing the planet/planets that created it. I did read something somewhere where someone posited they would most likely destroy us for some reason. I don't remember what it was unfortunately. May be just a movie or something for all I know, hah
What if you don't understand and can't comprehend even a sliver of the possibilities, and each additional impossibility makes the impossibleness of the previous impossibility null?
Why would we even be needed to create AI if it was already existing when we were planted?
Or they don't exist, and this is all for our benefit. I can see that. I have my own theories about that.
Yeah but wouldn't it just be a trap anyways?
What if you could pull energy from then very fabric of existence. Millions of Dyson spheres in total darkness (on the outside)
Definitely, if you check out my recent comments I think that's feasible as well. Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/space/comments/ekcg0e/-/fdd19jf
I mentioned this in another thread and Stargate: Universe kind of touched on it as well. Think sentient AI that was actually friendly and symbiotic with its creators, not super enemy AI like we imagine. Or a civilization sends out self replicating drones for colinazation and something happens to the home-species. The AI/replication/drones could hypothetically continue on forever.
Oh they were definitely encouraged to flock there, so what?
I honestly feel bad for her. These people aren't beyond redemption.
I would argue that their are MANY more individual donations when it comes to Australia than there was for ND. That speaks that poor-middle class people care. As far as Hundreds of millions/billionaires, you can't expect much more from people who are likely psychopaths. Can you imagine having that much money and not helping people every day of your life? I can't. It's not normal. So fuck them. Look at the people on your level, they more than likely helped much more than billionaires and millionaires did in Australia. This is what the rich want. Simultaneously being "just like you" while nonstop pushing "One day, you can be US, just work harder" Nah boss. Those days are coming to an end.
The cheerleaders stand at parade rest every moment they're not cheering? I can't stop thinking about this.
Haha my bad, I meant over on the RH sub. The best way to learn is to watch some online tutorials, you can set up the call with support and they can walk you through everything but personally I didn't find that necessary. Atm I've moved on to NinjaTrader as I trade futures exclusively. Boiler Room Trading is the dude I watched who first got me in to ToS, he has some really good tutorials. Here's a tips and tricks one: https://youtu.be/4hqUliGw40I
Is that truck lifted or is it being ion-rayed off the ground
Could this be used as a live wallpaper?
How does this have close to 1000 upvotes and not even 40 comments...
Parents are most likely broke as all of use are and want the kid to get the money for future nice things that OP will want but can't afford. Parents are probably embarrassed about the situation as is and is now frustrated.
Preach.
Looking at bud on the internet isn't going to make that any better. You need to be hitting the streets.
These aren't real.
Fair enough, I've never witnessed it, in my 4yrs of college and much longer in corporate workforce. I've seen some crazy shit at Mardi Gras but that's not really comparable. I guess some people would be willing to do that but children (yeah they're still kids, even at 18 or 20 or 21, no ones brain is fully developed) even more likely so.
If you're interested in futures let me know, it's kind of the next step on this journey.
It's like a combination of both tbh, I can explain a bit better when I get home I'm on mobile now
They aren't tennis balls, they just look like them. Cant remember the name of the conpany
I'm gonna PM you in a few mins, sorry lots going on at work
Ah okay, I wasn't aware. I figured there's no way they can be "created" out of thin air, and that if a key was already being used somewhere else it wouldn't accept it, so I was having trouble figuring out how exactly it worked/why it wasn't legitimate.
LSU has done more for the advancement of agricultural and medicinal tech than any other institution Average GPA at LSU is 3.4.
The values per tick are wrong.
I've had ones if left untreated would have ended up like that
No one ever used this lmao The 911 after, or certain friends had a certain code line 420 meaning weed. Ubiquitous list like this is not very factual at all.
Traditonal blue or red powrade in a sports cap bottle (it has to be sports cap or it won't work. Idgaf what anyone says I swear it's a slightly different recipe or somewhat somehow less diluted to the manufacturering process.) and something carbohydratey (hashbrowm, fries) is the best path.
Lol whatever man, it's not like I said it like it was important, but being kind always pays off, even if only for making you feel like a better person.
Pedophilia is an attraction to pre-pubescent children exclusively, not the same thing as Stat rape.
The literal last time this happened the couple had to come on reddit and post that they were indeed together and this is how normal people act.
Mostly only on work detail
Eh, Kevin James is a bad example, I know plenty of Leah-Remini like chicks, at least at that hotness factor, and they are cool with it. I find most chicks in general are okay with a heavier dude but when you cross into morbidly obese territory, yeah, you're probably screwed. In real like KJ was a star lacrosse player (Actually played with Mick Foley, the wrestler, the went to HS together) so yeah, he's a boxy dude but he was never truly "obese" in the show and probably looked pretty put together when they "met" in show time years. Leah had a few heavy seasons herself. I actually find that match fairly believable. Home Improvement was another good match. Jill actually got smoking hot later on as she got older. I'm trying to think of an unbelievable one but I don't really watch anything other than those handful I mentioned. Probably Raymond but not because of looks, Ray was such a fucking dolt
No, it isn't. While there may be a large number of unique users, it's irrelevant. Upvotes and comments are bought and sold en masse, along with accounts. It's a massive echo chamber, as there is no centralized feed, users can hide what they don't want to see, and will gravitate to subs of the like minded. https://www.soar.sh/service/buy-reddit-upvotes/ And that's just one site. 99% of the time the top comment is posted within 2mins of a post. It's generally meaningless. Controversial tags are disabled by default unless you change the settings. Numbers are gimoed so -100 could mean 10200 people upvoted and 10301 downvoted. It's a glass house.
It is.
You don't have to hold to charge, a literal half second tap on the gun will flip the switches (once it's locked on to the target). You will need to hold shortly after this, don't stay inside too long, Pilot.
Yang dipped out weeks ago didn't he? Hate to say how easy it is but that whip cream facial video they were doing at his HQ was his death knell. You aren't coming back from that when you're already barely holding on.
She ain't lying chief.
Almost 99% of it was car crash or sec-cam footage. Once in a blue moon there'd be an actual murder but most of the users didn't like that kind of stuff.
One of them was allegedly an undercover cop one town over, there was so much info back in the day but YouTube has done a reaaaaally good job of scrubbing that shit from searches. If you see something, Save As something
In our company this is done because 99% of people won't answer our chat/email request to remove their personal information (credit cards, email addys, etc) as we can't do that due to security policies, so we have to walk them through it with real voices.
Turbotax literally does this for free too, sure you can pay extra for some extraneous BS if you're rich or have all kinds of weird deductions, but it's totally free otherwise. I've used it for like 12yrs. I can literally upload 12 receipts for $0.00 to Imgur if folks don't belive me.
If you call this trying hard I'd hate to see you fuck. Debate = a formal discussion on a particular topic in a public meeting or legislative assembly, in which opposing arguments are put forward
But they can build the second temple whenever they want. The reason they haven't is because people will go nuts, per example.
I'm in LA as well and it's strange because so many of those people are also super proud and usually have "Don't trash Louisiana" or "Protect Our Wetlands" t-shirts. Don't we gain some area at the mouth of the river? I know it's not as much as what's already lost, I guess I never understood where it's not a problem ahywhere else. Just super low I guess?
[Child's play](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_731) Makes you sick these fucks got away scot free, and some are definitely still alive today.
Right on, the attorney should have probably offered to go with him. I'm white and would have felt weird/suspicious cashing anything like that over probably even 10 grand, much less cashing one and depositing two, it seems like a scam from jump. I don't know how big his check was. Most people with that kinda money aren't cashing checks, I just find it hard to believe a bank wouldn't have done the same for anyone, although they're definitely dicks. I definitely don't think he's crazy I just feel like some more guidance may have been wise. Although the attorney may not have known he didn't have a bank account.
Thanks for the thorough explanation, makes total sense.
[This is what you need. Gotta use it right after a shower tho. You can't use it mid-day as well as Gillette or a super strong one. ](https://i.imgur.com/LBKnFQW.jpg)
Yeah that's fucked up. I know it may not be but it's a "rinky dink" bank, I'm not surprised. Like he said he had no problem at a real bank like chase. If someone is going to play with 7/8ths of my money to make ridiculous profit and give me a mere fraction of it I'd like them to at least be goddamn professionals.
I did and it makes sense.
There's this weird group on reddit who worships the ultra rich as if they're real people.
Easy, they're too small and she's lifting the cup above it's intended spot. Women's bra sizing is actually pretty complicated and the majority of women unknowingly wear something too big or too small, and don't get proper support. Obviously she's doing this on purpose, it's not a miracle buddy. I too love underboob, so we are friends. Notice that strap in the middle connecting each cup? There's no tension on it because her boobs aren't in the bra. To the trained eye in the first pic it actually looks halfway unhooked, the bottom two sets of hooks on the backside would be unlatched, if not more. The left side strap is rather loose as well when compared to the second pic. Keep in mind its literally her job to turn you on.
If you want to fuck them I might be forced to upvote If you're talking lick I may have to downvote.
Some newer planes have a parachute on top that is for the plane itself. Expecting 4 people to put on parachutes and jump and somehow actually get out in time and successfully deploy the chutes is like something out of Looney Tunes. It's not gonna work.
An adoption wouldn't be drawn up on the spot by an attorney, and even then they can and are successfully challenged many years later. Obviously the quote is not in the pic my guy lol, anyone can see that. I'm not sure why you think it's a grandiose plan to make people think it was in there, I just thought it was funny. Lol, judging be the way these votes are swinging I'm not the only one, 😂 have a good one.
Make sure your controversial tags are enabled in the settings, friend. -4, -100, doesn't matter. -1 could mean 204 people downvoted and and 202 upvoted because that's the way the algorithm works. In any case, you're right, in the end they are meanigless. Still calling the story bullshit
I literally remember my tball coach bringing me one my very first season as a child. I was so fucking confused.
I'm gonna check that out now
Uh what? The atoms on the helicopter and everything inside it just instantly evaporated?
Yeah the flippant racism/sexism just isn't something I can knowingly support.
Yeah what kind of white mf would ever come up with such a... Oh... [Fuck. ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Williams_(psychologist)) &gt;He is well known as a stalwart critic of racial and cultural biases in IQ testing, for coining the word “Ebonics” in 1973 Black people can't be racists though... right?
Or stop posting lewd pics.
That sucks man. Socialism my butt. You pay and it's similar to a public utility, not to mention the jobs it can attract. It's a win-win for everyone. Hopefully they can roll it out for yall soon.
Backed up by /r/coomer
Most obvious of all the obviously staged kiss cams. How this shit gets this many upvotes is beyond me.
Because it's staged and they were paid to.
God bless this fucking country.
They are really bendy. I mean don't do a fucking right hand turn but anything else you should be alright.
Well generally the situation you're describing is not putting stress on the board. I've never once felt tension in the clip, it's all in the bend itself. Anything after the bend should be tension free as that's being stopped in the area where the bend ends and the clip clips I'm not gonna lie I went with the "good look, scary turn" option and was extremely nervous but now it doesn't phase me.
His nametag clearly says "Fred" BTW, how old are you?
There's multiple towels. Every time a knife hits a dish station or sink someome is gonna get cut. I'm actually recoiling at the thought of all the soap and blood filled sinks I've seen in my time.
To be fair it wouldn't kill them add a latching mechanism....
Yes, it's absolutely true. I head up the rad with a blowdryer personally. As long as everything is off and you're not hitting the mobo with the heat its fine
Eh, you're glossing over quite a bit. John Adams chose to defend the British soldiers, they were being beaten with rocks and beating clubs used to beat out rope, and being dared to fire, some of the soldiers were as young as 16. One of them got hit in the face and well, you know the rest. However a jury in the US did acquit them and they went back home.
The Army itself has done war games, guess what, they lose every time because they can't convince enough people to turn on their countrymen.
He wasn't paid, it was pro-bono as no one else would take the case.
I totally agree, he was half dead from a disease in France when he got the news the war was over, but he was a true hero. He was there trying to secure more aid from the French but didn't really like the tutti frutti shit that Franklin loved to indulge in.
Every time the founding fathers are brought up I encourage whoever I'm talking to to watch it. It's alot easier than trying to get someone to read a book most of the time.
No prob!
I love me some John Adams. He always gets passed over. Sam Adams was a dick, btw.
John Adams actually used a black witness to clutch the trial.
Ah the brand of the clergy, a small M on the thumb so you couldn't ask them for leniancy for muder again anywhere on his Majestys soil.
Those black and red Tridents by chance?
Thats the cigarette holding girl from the proud boy roundhouse knockout isn't it?!? Edit: https://gfycat.com/scratchyspecificdrake-portland-antifa-rufio Thats 100% her
Because Reddit, I think its a real LPT but figured it'd be considered unethical.
What? Not everyone over-eats, many people simply drink too much soda or shit like that. In addition, a large percentage of people are still working from home and not getting their daily routine walks and such in. So according to you, its literally impossible to lose weight by cutting out high-calorie drinks and snacks and hitting the treadmill, you need hormone medicine? lol no. You couldn't be more wrong.
You feel better, sleep better, become more active, etc.
Dated an Italian that had move to South Florida and she always called it that, around 2003
You posted this 20 times.
That's ridiculous. The entire chip architecture is designed around PB2 throttling at 60c at idle and at 90c for loads. Just let it bet.
350 would either be a high end B550 or a mid tier x570
The military doesn't really need to get involved. He would be escorted out by the secret service on his last official day.
Well I won't be purchasing any of your fine... Wooden cutouts with lacquer on them?
Nah, they're installed on a pad underneath the shirt so she still looks hip and young.
Is this in an extended cut because I sure don't remember this scene at all
Wait she doesn't have feet?
My recent MSI Betas were up there at 32 as well
Or a TP-Link
I prefer MSI, you wont have problem Syncing the RGB, an RGB strip is an RGB strip no matter what the board is. As long as its recognized you can sync it.
Wheres that repost bot
Yes.
Every time a president is elected?
As long as they're not actively trying to have a kid I really don't care.
You're right, I was wrong on that
It's not common because there was no reason for it to be, aside from home-made rockets we had the Space Shuttle which SHOULD have put us where we are now, but we had no. truly reusable booster
Not once in US HISTORY has the party of a two term president won the following election. Ever. It has never happened once.
I wouldn't call it unrealistic. I think they just lucked out with some really awesome sticks
Unfortunately it wasn't that easy. They SERIOUSLY underestimated the amount of work needed as far as maintenance and just general fixes that were required to re-use the booster, they basically had to rebuild it every time.
No it won't. The bandwidth comes from the Mhz, not the timings.
If you think the shift manager is checking every plate that goes out I don't know what to tell you
Yeah, they said it with conviction though, like their entire restaurant experience was based around this one false belief. I didn't know what to say.
When I go to update it says its older than the one I have haha
It's a joke about how you just go in to get the things you need and end up with more stuff.
It's even worse. If you were alive when the great pyramid was built, and making current minimum wage, never spent a dollar of it, and were still alive today you STILL wouldn't have anywhere near the amount of money Bezos has. It's actually disgusting.
Onyx is the word [https://www.dictionary.com/browse/onyx](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/onyx) Onix is the Pokemane
My parents don't even have 50k to give me
It wasn't upside down, but yeah it was a silly photo.
Duke Nukem
It doesn't matter anyways, there's always lines outside, seats empty? Pull everyone forward, count the rows, let X amount of people outside in, WWE style.
First of all there's no way for them to know if you used PBO, second of all, the onus is on them. They receive your chip and then decide to service it, you're under no obligation to divulge that you used PBO. Prison time is quite frankly, a fantasy, it would never, ever happen and it's ludicrous to even imagine.
Stupid af and set up, this should be for real reactions this fake ass shit is dumb.
Why would you say it is? Why would every function in place that kept a president from seizing power over the last 120 years suddenly cease to function? The states hold their elections, the votes are counted, if the current president refuses to leave the Secret Service will escort him out
Reddit is insane lately. It's either bots or just sliding shills. We are with you. Do not doubt yourself.
Exactly. The military already proved they won't back his illegal bullshit. People seriously underestimate the de facto military standard of going with the winner of the election. It's one of the reasons we have remained stable all these years. Again, the mil have already proven they will not back his bullshit.
Jessica Robbin, must need some cash.
Political comic, so what?
She could feed the entirety of the cabinet with those things. A+
Much more closely related to a grasshopper.
Good, yall can keep it.
That's an excavator, not a tank.
A handful of people ended up with them.
Children of the Matrix by David Icke I'd also like to recommend Rule by Secrecy by Jim Marrs, he had this ironed out 30 years ago.
Faking a hate crime is the rule, not the exception. Already forgot about your boy Smollet huh?
Oh I didn't mean it like that, just that I'm not surprised they have relaxed standards for gay porn, or else their'd be a shortage of actors.
Well I'd take the word of someone in the industry... Just search "gay porn and HIV" on Google. It's much more conman that straight m/f only performers. Not meant to knock gays down a peg at all, I'm just saying the risk of infection is already higher because of whatver reason, it's not a huge leap. It's not a knock
They don't HAVE to have less stringent testing, but they most likely do. Why not believe someone literally who worked in the industry?
No, just someone who came across this post on All and not from your little echo chamber here.
I'm sure if you pick victimesque magazines/blogs/tumblr they can pick apart anything and find something offensive, even if it's not the intent I'm sure a handful or people agree with it because if they don't they're anti-gay and a traitor, etc. I still haven't been provided with one example of how Jafar or Scar represent any sort of queer stereotype.
Yeah, I still fall for newegg every now and then if they have a sale, but best to avoid it. Their return process is like a fucking RMA.
Many companies track PoP by serial number, maybe not down to the person, but date sold, 100%
It's actually out now for insiders, just downloaded it
Yeah
Ditto. First boot was September 26th, checked it twice to make sure it worked and haven't seen it come on sense. It was a feature and people treated it like a crutch.
Nah, it's all the losers who pearl-clutched and convinced people not go with an x570 when it was the better option for said user.
It's not mostly, it IS. It's just the best samples that would have been sent out into the wild previously
https://discord.gg/GDkvC3 Come to the RAM OC section we will help ya out.
And she turned 18 like two weeks before. Hell yeah.
Fresh pussay
Sorry for your luck. Joyful, eager to please, fun, beautiful. A man being attracted to a woman in her prime is absolutely normal. Only thing is their brain changes every two months so you gotta deal with a bit of crazy, but better than dealing with some ho and Chad's two kids.
Hey thanks buddy! I was just like, wtf, I posted this yesterday lol &amp;#x200B; My sweet sweet 146 Karma :(
Ridiculous.
Thank you sir, I'll give it to me boy. No legs you see (enjoy that ability because he's also blind but we're too afraid to tell him)
