Meh. It has the look and feel of one of those amateur fan-made movies/trailers that you'd find on youtube.
Bacon and eggs, then I light up a joint. In that order.
Looks? I thought it was about awards...?
lol. If the orange turd had his way, the only existing news channel would be Fox.
How gorgeous is Amy's voice?
Here's the original... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMdqWaFwJYY ,,,which is better?
haha, I'm glad! what a classic
lol, spot on. I'm sorry Mrs Bucket...ahem, Bouquet.
Finally...social progress.
Uh....I think you need to change your link title. Zoolander 2 and BvS were from 2016.
I can burp and fart at the same time.
Pathetic.
*your
Welcome to the internet.
Landscape mode people, landscape!
Wow. Mother of the Year.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Uc-cztsJo&amp;t=18s Trust me, you will enjoy
Can you be a bit more specific?
Um, what country are you from? Reddit is a global website.
wow. obvious troll.
Exactly. Obvious troll.
This. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAQhG59zqZc
That's fucking adorable. Good luck.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCSM3-mdSdA
Fuck, I adore that song.
be...our....guest, be our guest....
Loved it. Learned something new.
Incredible list you have there. thanks for the input.
Tie your napkin 'round your neck, cherie, And we'll provide the rest! Soup du jour, hot hors d'oeuvres, Why, we only live to serve! Try the grey stuff, it's delicious!
...they can sing, they can dance! After all, miss, this is France! And a dinner here is never second best!
No matter how fucked up my life is...so long as I don't fuck up anyone eles's life...then I've done ok.
Great choice.
first time hearing it. Soft, happy and beautiful. Nice choice.
"You stupid cunt. that's NOT how you cook bacon!"
This. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAQhG59zqZc
I mean...you also see this in other countries. Don't understand why this is an american thing.
WW4? What the fuck kind of answer are you expecting?
your and you're. It's really not that fucking difficult.
Sex *is* a regular practice in society.
He's arrogant, orange, idiotic and painfully embarrassing..and I'm not even american.
https://youtu.be/wXVQNSlFJ6M?list=PLdrbyQhU0bF_AWjyKO7JgUzH3l1lJLP5G
Yes. I'm an orange racist.
This shouldn't come as a surprise.
"I'm sober now for three whole months, It's one accomplishment that you helped me with, The one thing that always tore us apart, Is the one thing I won't touch again, In a sick way I want to thank you, For holding my head up late at night, While I was busy waging wars on myself, You were trying to stop the fight. You never doubted my warped opinions On things like suicidal hate, You made me compliment myself When it was way too hard to take, So I'll drive so fucking far away, That I never cross your mind. And do whatever it takes in your heart To leave me behind..." &amp;#x200B; Hate Me - Blue October
Need...more....Saiyan...memes....
I need more dammit. Pretty sure Captain Marvel is gonna save Tony in space, the Cap needs his beard back, looks like Scott is gonna save the day.
They're saving the best just before the opening. Just like Infinity War.
Don't forsake your friends, regardless of your past drama. There may be a time when you'll need them.
I died, Serkis is a total gem of an actor.
That's not creepy, it's fucking awesome. Good mum.
Sweet justice.
far-right protest in 3...2...1...
That's hilarious. How does the sale ban of yellow vests going to prevent anything? ..and if they decide to use, say, red ones instead? Aaah! Will Egypt decide to stop the sale of ALL vests? Where does it stop?
Just like a little orange boy throwing a tantrum because he diddn't get what he wanted.
And you'll certainly see that trend escalate the further we get as a species. Religion is the most outdated, irrelevant and dangerous ideology we've ever come up with.
[....riiight](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37OWL7AzvHo)
Either get rid of the chair, or put that TV on a table. What the hell kind of playing angle is that?
That was hilariously embarrassing, and I'm not even american. Holy fuck, monumental failure.
I know that speech....Richard Dawkings fan huh. You should read the book, it's good.
Even if nothing happens, let us know how it turns out...and then afterwards, show him his reddit infamy.
No sympathy whatsoever.
That ended too soon.
Typical self-serving thoughts of a borderline dictator right there.
With the rise of authoritarianism and dictatorship, which naturally includes trump, I'm not surprised.
Wow, that actually made me feel something. Beautiful.
You realize that no one is gonna remember this meme in 6 months right? I suggest you make an appointment for laser removal shortly.
The fact that there are people out there that still defend this man is incredibly baffling.
Terrorists. lol
And anyone gives a fuck, because?
The genie tho....yikes.
This type of idiocy is baffling.
Not as fascinatingly huge as Trump's amount of lies, I can assure you of that.
anti-trump? fuckin' proud of it.
Anti-intellectualism is like, sooo totally rad
Well done humanity. Well done.
Oh *he'll* no? Wow.
I caught him fucking his dog.
Yeah...no. Fuck off.
It's funny because it's true.
I can almost see the Enterprise flying past. Awesome.
As an African, and as someone that's had first-hand experiences with hippos...avoid. If you value your life, avoid.
yeah...let's hope their parents haven't actually subjected these kids to watching Game of Thrones.
c...can I put my dick in it?
you guys can bitch all you want about the film, for what ever reason....with the exception of the casino stuff....it was actually a decent flick.
\*hairy, warty orange ass...not bum.
Sure bud...sure.
it fascinates me that people still use windows media player.
Can't wait to see the look on his orange, pudgy face.
Brilliant. Well done Brits!
Good luck to her with trying to get it through his thick skull.
Respect? lol. It's difficult to respect a man who looks like a boiled orange, and acts like a spoiled 3 year old throwing a tantrum.
Highly recommend Firefox Quantum. It's fast, secure and uses far less memory as opposed to Chrome. You guys are missing out.
I'm dying here. Am I going to hell?
Zimbabwean here. These buggers can become massive, with an insatiable appetite.
On the contrary. The fact that I don't associate myself with a religion allows me to see all religions in a non-biased way, not through hate lenses. I have no idea where the "racist" part comes into it, I would suggest looking up the definition of the word before using it in a sentence. If I disagree with the teachings of Christianity AND Islam, does this make me racist? Yeah, you need to re-think that.
Unfortunately...you do get people from *both sides* that claim to know, without any shadow of a doubt, that what they think is true. Speaking for myself, I can't claim to know the truth. But if there is a god, it certainly has nothing to do with any of these man-made, contradicting cults that we've created for ourselves. It's impossible for all of them to be true, but it *is* possible for all of them to be false. If you have faith in the existence of a god...then find god in yourself.
It's nice to see believers that don't blindly follow the dubious and outdated moral teachings of an ancient text and actually think for themselves. Good to see.
It's heartening to see believers that don't blindly follow the dubious and outdated moral teachings of an ancient text and actually think for themselves. Good to see.
Wow. The guy is normally embarrassing...but wow.
Charles is wasting his time, boiled carrots are notoriously dense.
Oh dear...this post is not going to age well.
Wow what a badass. He's like, so fuckin' cool brah.
I'm finding it very difficult to believe this is real.
Holy shit, I'm dying here. "If you're right-handed use your right hand, if you're left handed use your left hand, OR if you're right-handed maybe try using your left and vice versa." .....what!?
Pretty sure the dude was high on something.
“The fact that an American, not a Russian, TV channel tells us about our own heroes is a source of shame." Um.....ok?
Yeah, I enjoyed Chernobyl. Well acted, intriguing premise. But the highest rated show ever on IMDB? I mean, it was good, but not THAT good. What am I missing here?
15+ ticks a week? Holy fuck, where do you live that you get so many ticks?
lol....what?
I agree with you about his wooden acting, but since the guy is such a genuinely good person...I'm glad for his success.
That was awesome. Haven't head of the band before...good one.
That's a classic. Good choice.
breaking ben is always epic.
True classic!
holy fuck yes! Watch this version....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oojkmef3hKg
Agreed. Great choice man.
Yes! good choice. It's been a while since I've listened to The Who. African boy here saying damn good song.
Zimbabwe. Because....despite all the massive shit that is going on right now in my country, us Zimbos tend to stick together and make a plan. Also, this nation produces some of the most friendliest people you'll ever meet on earth.
Well...in all obviousness, my alarm clock. But sometimes my dick beats the alarm...that morning wood is quite relentless.
Epic.
Because some guys/girls aren't ready to say that they're gay...and the term "closet" means that they're still hiding from telling it to people. AKA in the closet.
But I'm a [creep](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFkzRNyygfk), I'm a weirdo.What the hell am I doing here?I don't belong here.
Bohemian Rhapsody. Rami Malek's performance was absolutely brilliant, but the film itself...meh.
Tony. I need his money.
Embarrassment. I have so many shitty memories when it comes to embarrassment.
Disgusting. You people should be at the forefront of tackling climate change, not...whatever the fuck this is.
I can see how this may be. In my case, I've been waiting to see Aladdin toward the end of it's run...because hopefully most of the little kiddies and parent's have seen it already, thus a much more stress-free movie experience.
I just watched the episode where Quark his brother and nephew end up on earth 1947 with the Roswell incident. Holy fuck was that brilliant.
That weird body spin at the beginning had me on the floor.
omg, what is he doing...please make it stop.
Well fuck, I'm ok with that.
I'm in neighboring Zimbabwe. I hope this decision makes our government squirm uncomfortably in their seats.
How many years \*has Trump been president? Too fucking many, at this point.
Well done humans, well done.
....and it's about damn time. These modern cults that revolve around dubious ancient texts should be a thing of the past.
It was ok. It felt a bit dragged out at times, but Swank's performance was good.
Whatever respect I had for her has somewhat diminished significantly.
Uh...those are waves. Probably by a boat.
...and in this case it's a fucking good thing. There is no reason to not vaccinate you kids, not one reason.
Yeah, the book I thought was great. Here's to hoping to movie doesn't suck.
yeah....and now they've just lost one potential customer.
Yet another white house staff member getting the fuck out. I don't blame her.
An ancient DOS game from the 80s, the name I've long since forgotten. You were just a tank shooting helicopters out of the sky. Black and white, no color.
I have a guilty pleasure thing with Owl City.
Holy shit, that's incredible. I give them all the best. Regards from Africa.
It has nothing to do with a government entity, they have nothing to do with it. It's the public, showing appreciation toward those that they love.
dial up modem internet. Aaaah, the joys.
Who the fuck cares? Does it matter if it was designed by the Vulcans or possibly turtles? It's showing appreciation to those that you love, regardless of who "invented" it.
If you look in a mirror and say "shamone" three times fast, the El He He will come and get you.
Thing is...protesters do get things done. That's the entire point. There are many examples in history that have been defined by protesting. Even if there was just only ONE example of protesters changing things, then that's something to fight for.
dude...jesus christ. \*smashes head on table\*
As someone that fucking hates kids in the movie house....I agree.
Listen to this and tell me it's not souless....[Blackmill Miracle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXVQNSlFJ6M)
so therefore...none are inferior to either. You've just contradicted yourself.
You know what? That's ok. They're passionate about the movie experience. They know what they're watching and they are enjoying it....it's better than teens who just fucking sit on their phones and don't watch shit.
so what's the point of your post then? Upvotes?
On the contrary, they're fighting for a cause. Something that they're working toward. In fact, protesters, in the future, will define how our global social/political structure will work. Regardless of your opinion of them.
It's not unfounded, it's fact. Google it. It has been for a long time.
Zimbabwean here. I adore the word Cunt. It's so expressive, and it gets the point across. Most notably with shocked results.
Zimbabwean. yep. there's just something about it that's so...hilariously bad.
I'm glad you agree.
Fuck Karen.
He said, as he realized that he just lost his argument and then decided to then attack his opponent by cussing out his username.
omg. I am sooo up-voting this shit. The fuck?
1. Moron is cussing. 2. Repeating what the other person said like a child is a sign that they have no argument and are therefore coming up with any petty excuse to prove their point. 3. you're referring to just one incident to prove your point. sad.
I don't know. I'm drunk, and currently argumentative (clearly). Peace.
Question: Was is it possible to harvest sperm (before the surgery) in case you want kids later on in life?
mmm, it seems trumpy's little list of preferred polls is getting thinner.
It's on the decline in first world countries. The sooner it's gone the better.
"I can has underwear?" ....cringe deluxe.
That was arousing.
Don't look at me like that, it's not my fault you gave me zero proof of your existence.
How does a piece of shit like this manage to get into a position of power?
What's with trump's shitty photoshopped eye ball? If I were a theist, I'd be so fucking offended by the comparison.
The mysterious and voiceless Morn from Deep Space Nine.
You should probably put the word "artist" in quotation marks as well.
Disable that startup shit through task manager, it's easy.
I'm about to finish DS9 and I've been looking for something to fill the void. I've been internally debating over whether to give Enterprise a shot. Most things I hear about it are less than stellar, however.
Oh yes...I'm well acquainted with BSG, good choice. I guess I'll be giving Enterprise a shot.
do people still watch that shit?
No matter what your attempt is at justifying this, it's still disgustingly immoral to watch humans die for the purpose of entertainment.
The "weak genes" thing is a bad point, because addiction is not necessarily genetic. Also...you seem to be making a lot of assumptions about people "choosing to become addicted" and "choosing to throw it all away." It's not so black and white as that, it rarely is. It's a serious mental and physical condition that should not be ignored, and when someone dies from overdose, it's fucking tragic. Your own personal issues on drug addiction should not reflect society's opinion.
That's a bold statement, because I've never played it in my life, and don't intend to.
Yes, but it's also a sad display of cowardice.
Guys tend to...exaggerate a bit when it comes to dick size. Better idea: just show each other. Then make out.
Fair enough. I can understand that, but at the very least give the other person some justification, face to face, even if it's after some time.
Yeah, I also like them. There is nothing offensive or shitty about their work.
For you mate, not for me.
Then you need to reevaluate your own morals, because they're fucked up.
You're comparing killing humans for entertainment to kicking a ball around a field? Wow.
The goat may have possibly and inadvertently saved the lives of many other animals in the process. As a Zimbabwean I think poachers are the scum of the earth...so good fucking riddance.
Well, she did swing her fist first...and after that pathetic display at the beginning of the fake dramatic fall...I can't help but laugh.
Dude....Adblock Plus? It's free and you'll never see any of that ad shit again, and not just on Youtube.
A much better alternative: Firefox Quantum. Superior in every way.
TIL that there are people out there that are offended by seeing men's feet. That's pretty fucking stupid.
It's intentionally designed to be cringey, that's the whole point.
yeah, ok. Troll creates a parody account in order to cause some shit. Have fun.
Ah, fair enough...I stand corrected.
So then why does your mom keep making them for you and why do you keep ordering them in restaurants?
I would tend to agree, it sounds more like something little trumpy would come up with himself.
A wannabe alpha gets put in his place.
This guy is the stuff of legend when it comes to making shit movies.
When I was watching it, I was not expecting that response. I was rolling on the floor.
Are you confused about liking girls? I thought not. Also, people don't marry just to have babies, so another invalid point, which makes your entire premise a fallacy. You need to brush up on your trolling skills a bit mate.
That's what laptop cases are for.
Exactly. Very perceptive of you.
ok, but what do tattoos have to do with a dumbed down population? Also, tats aren't exclusive to just the western world. Another also...why women?
So only women like tattoos? not men? so all the the men that have tats, including myself (who's gay by the way) got it because women like tattoos? Yeah....you need to rethink that stupidity.
So basically you're saying that people who are gay are the same type of people that enjoy bestiality, pedophilia, and necrophilia. Because why not? It's all the same thing, right?
Ooooh! Burn. We have ourselves a troll. Well congrats on not defending your opinion and instead attack anyone that's not the same as you. The fact that there are guys out there that have tats for the sole purpose of personal creativity renders your entire argument invalid.
Thing is, you're putting homosexuality into the same category as fucking corpses, and fucking animals. It's not the same thing.
There is a difference when it comes to sex between two consenting adults and those that fuck corpses and animals.
I too have done this. Never underestimate the potency of ingesting weed. I've gone into full on panic attacks, and this is coming from someone that smokes daily and has done so for the last 6 years.
I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3 (shortly after it came out) for $1,000 USD. I cringe at myself every time I think about it.
People are just deluding themselves if they say otherwise.
Guys actually do this? Fucking why? Just to be told they have a tiny dick and to please fuck off?
It makes me cringe when people try to defend trump and his bullshit.
little trumpy has a star? Ugh.
Trump defenders commencing "fake news" panic rant in 3...2...1...
Pathetic. I can't think of anything else to say to this but...pathetic. So now we have theists dictating what we can and cannot watch?
Or...you know, maybe just put up fences?
Apparently so, I just assumed the show was cancelled. How long did it take for them to realize, I wonder.
Obvious bitch, what else is new?
Truly beautiful, but it would probably give me anxiety after a while.
Good. These modern cults that revolve around dubious ancient texts should be a thing of the past, same applies to Christianity.
Oh, the hours I could've saved with one of those....
I don't know if she did or did not break up The Beatles, but holy shit is she a godawful musician.
If children weren't indoctrinated into religion at a young age and were instead given time to think for themselves, religion would be a thing of the past, where it should stay.
first world problems huh.
omg that is such a Capricorn thing to say.
...or hire vegans. They make good goats.
You must obviously be a Taurus.
Just get your right thumb surgically elongated. It's like, so hot right now.
oooh damn! This is gonna be fun. \*eats popcorn\*
*Also don't give me gold I don't want gold.* Are you sure? Because this is how you get gold.
What pisses me off, more than anything else related to this subject, are the climate change deniers. Regardless of exactly what's causing it, it cannot be denied that it is actually happening. And it's happening fast. One can argue as to exactly what's causing it....but it's sure as fuck happening.
Yes, I know you didn't deny it. Sorry, I probably should have stated that. I was just adding my 50 cents to the subject.
Agreed, it really does make for a more immersive experience. I do it with games as well, when I can.
I'm just about to finish DS9...and I don't know what I'm going to do with myself once it's over. It's been a great damn watch.
IT'S NOT THEER IT'S THEIR! YOU'RE SO DUMB BRO!
But marriage is nothing but a social construct, that's all. Saying that someone has sex before marriage is immoral is like saying growing pubic hair is immoral. We weren't *designed* for no sex before marriage, because that's not a part of nature.
yeah, but depending on how often you use Youtube, that ad time adds up quickly. Instead of debating over whether it bothers you or not, just use Adblock Plus for fuck's sake. It's free, simple to install, and you'll never see those ads again. Problem solved. Presto.
This is hardly shocking. I hope these companies, and their shitty self-interest policies, will be held accountable in the not too distant future.
5 ads. In ONE video? Fuck that shit.
That shadow on the left of the image. Is that a......?
Whatever floats your boat, but I will definitely question your beliefs if they're based on the dubious and outdated moral teachings of an ancient book written by ignorant scribes in the desert. Your cult, thankfully, does not represent the rest of the world's views of the subject.
I love overcast, rainy weather. I'm more productive, work more efficiently, and the coffee tastes better.
I'm not atheist, I'm agnostic. Definition of cult: "a system of religious veneration and devotion directed towards a particular figure or object." You're part of a cult, which you blindly follow. Atheism is the rejection of the idea of a god, it's an ideology.
While it may have certain benefits to society, I fully agree. Religion should be a thing of the past, and has no place in the 21st century.
Sadly true. It is, unfortunately, the definition of a cult.
Ok, but that's assuming you even want kids. I sure as hell don't.
Yikes. Then games like Baldur's Gate 2 and Dragonage: Inquisition will cost a fucking fortune.
Very incorrect. Don't look too much into *alternative* news sources, because that's how we end up with things like antivaxers and, in this case, climate change deniers. The overwhelming evidence is all around us, and just because you're not feeling the effects of climate change, it doesn't mean the rest of the world isn't. In fact, four countries recently have just declared climate change emergencies. It's happening.
uh...who?
Bitch please, come here to sub-saharan Africa. I'll show you danger.
You're making the bold assumption that every female likes big dumb jocks, I guarantee you'll get a different preference with every girl you ask.
Are you needing a friend? Because it sounds like you do.
I'd rather they use their headphones so that I don't have to listen to their shitty music.
Well of course you don't need to smoke or drink to have fun, but it sure as fuck helps.
I'm naturally biased toward PC gaming, because I am myself a PC gamer. But.....oooh man, prepare yourself for the legion of pissed off console users.
For sure, I wish you luck. This is what r/unpopularopinion is all about.
Wholeheartedly agree. Unfortunately, there is shame attached to seeing a man cry and it's a fucking harsh reality. It's a sad thing.
😄 😄 😄 Are you on shrooms? Because I want some.
lol, he's such a cunt.
Good. People that attempt to defend trump and his bullshit should fuck right off.
It's about fucking time.
Best news I've heard all day. People that defend trump and his shit should fuck right off.
And add cameras. That would make for a good reality TV show.
Of course cigarettes are worse, no argument from me on that matter.
Holy fuck, spoilers dude. I just started season 3. Christ.
Adblock Plus. It's free, simple to install, and you'll never see any of those shitty ads again. Ever.
Batman. Batman is better.
No idea who she is so I had to look her up. She is gross as fuck.
Mkay? So if you think my music tastes are shitty, and I think your music tastes are shitty....then are we both shitty people? You didn't think this one out properly, did ya.
Exactly. But why the fuck would anyone pay for Premium when you could just download Adblock? For free?
Good. People that defend that man and his bullshit are fucked in the head.
Future generations are going to look back at this era and think, "What the fuck were they thinking?"
Eh. It's a decisive "meh" from me.
Adblock people, Adblock.
Yes but it's non-consensual sex, and that's something that should be upheld.
😂 Every air hostess who carries the food trolley down the aisle should also have on there bottles of chloroform and rags to hand out to those that need it. What paradise.
This debate always comes down to the guys who are cut defending circumcision, and guys who are uncut arguing against circumcision.
I fucking LOVE marmite, I can eat that shit until the inside of my mouth is raw.
Disappointing but inevitable.
Looks like self defense to me.
uh....Adblock Plus?
Given the internet's track record...I feel like this film is gonna get a fair amount of hate.
Epitome of a dictator. Like trump, it amazes me that people like this manage to get into power.
...and this is coming from the dirtiest, nastiest cunt on the planet. Go figure.
I bet they used a pre-school teacher to explain it to him as well.
Millennial here. You people don't know how to drive manual? lol
Man of Steel? Bitch please, speak for yourself.
Eh, I'm not paying for that shit. I just use The Pirate Bay.
Absolutely. But being in a country that doesn't have access to CBS etc...We gotta make alternative plans.
Gosh. I guess it must be DBZ related.
Just got back from a family dinner. T-bone steak, pepper sauce, and fried potatoes. fucking fantastic.
[Hate Me - Blue October](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDxgSvJINlU) I don't care if you've never heard of this song before, and I don't care if you don't want to listen to it. SO.... put on your headphones, and listen. Prepare yourself for a dark ride.
Disney Princesses.
I don't think you yanks will know what I'm talking about, but Bovril and cheese on toast.
What a fucking classic.
Man. Good choice.
What's your mother language?
Exactly.
Bitch please, I've done it. I regret my decisions, but I've been there.
lol. I'm not even American. The rest of the world agrees (including my own country)...he's an embarrassment to humanity.
You sound just like him. Fake news, ammirite?
As opposed to...? Your leader making the rest of the world cringe in disgust? Saaaaad.
Yikes. Whatever works for you. I'm not religious, but I'll pray for you....and the worst voted president in American history.
I fear for you all. RIP Global Democracy.
Wow. Dude. You've been reading too much of his rampant, psychotic tweet feeds. Are you that deluded?
Not for long. The dodgy cunt is now impeached. Fake news, ammirite?
We all know he committed crimes. Multiple crimes. It's fucking gross that there are people out there that still defend him. I don't care what you believe, but you're honestly a fool to think that he's innocent. You know better, and you're lying. You know it. I'm tired of this shit. Sleep tight xxx
That bought a tear to my eye. This man is a fucking legend.
Wow, Tom Hanks was certainly not amused.
Aaah yes, this was an underrated gem. Great game.
Who gives a flaming fuck?
Reading that was....almost medically fascinating. Is this guy alright in the head?
Personally, I didn't see the appeal with Marriage Story. Yeah, the performances were bloody terrific, but the movie as a whole...it was a real slog to get through.
Completely owned.
Is that a tapeworm crawling out of it's butt?
That looks insanely painful. The fuck is wrong with people?
That's why I use The Pirate Bay instead.
[Staind - It's Been a While](https://youtu.be/rydfOcPOGFw?t=34) \-- I've been on this song non-stop recently.
Sad and pathetic. Also desperate. I hope they fail miserably.
That's one of the least-surprising things I've ever read.
(insert inevitable and lame sex joke here)
Titan Quest. It's an action RPG similar to Diablo. It's freaking fantastic, looks gorgeous, solid gameplay. I've spent years playing this game over and over and over.
He handled that with composure and elegance, basically the exact opposite of how the orange cunt would deal with it.
I could genuinely see how this design could be an example of an alien species that live in a low-gravity environment. I wouldn't be surprised if there was something out there that looked very similar to this.
Yikes. She needs a hospital...clearly having an allergic reaction to something.
This is how the Chinese coax their dinner into the cooking pot.
Ok, that sound pretty logical *slaps head*...assuming the deaf person can pronounce properly.
Every time I sneeze, I fart.
When a person dies, it's not uncommon for the corpse to literally shit all over the place.
He ended up becoming my best friend. Go figure.
Currently...Star Trek Voyager and You.
Loud eaters. I just wanna jam a fork in their face.
That no one really cares for me. That I'm not a person that is lovable.
Meat.
Drugs. But that's literally the worst advice on this planet, so ignore what I just said.
This one time, I used to be 6 years old. It was ok.
Non-American here. Because it's insanely unnecessary?
Why would you consider it necessary for a woman friend to make sure you know that she has a boyfriend? Unless, of course, every female relationship that you've ever had has been sexual (on your part), in some manner?
I find your questionable response to be rather shallow and pedantic.
If you're referring to Cyberpunk, they made it pretty clear as to why.
off the top of my head...[Hate Me - Blue October](https://youtu.be/dDxgSvJINlU?t=10)
I'm lucky that where I live, tattoos aren't a problem. Socially, or work-wise. Yes, I still get some old-timers that might frown...but really, it's never been a problem.
Well...I did find this purple rubber banana in my mother's closet once.
Yes! I have one.....[Hold on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfW7y_Qk0VY)
I put them in the microwave once. That'll fuck him.
Jesus Christ. If I could slap you right now, I would.
Impossible, unfortunately. The closest I've been to not having to think is being fucked out of my mind. But it's not worth it, I promise you. You'll get through it.
I'm honestly glad for you. Please still keep it clean, no matter what happens. As a current addict myself, I find solace in the fact that maybe I'll be ok some day, and this song is a huge support for me.
This saying may be over-used, but I believe in it: "beauty is in the eyes of the beholder." Every single person on this planet has a different opinion on what they consider to be attractive, regardless of what social media might tell you. You may consider yourself ugly, but I can assure you that there are people out there that would think otherwise. Stay true to yourself, be honest with yourself, and that person might just appear.
I gotta feeling....that tonight's gonna be a good night.
*That tonight's gonna be a good good niiight feelin! ooooh!*
What do you mean, "banning climate change"? Because that shit can't be banned, it's happening, regardless of opinions.
Squirt my butt juice all over your face?
I think I prefer Brownit.
Tickle their balls and giggle like a hyena.
To see stupid shit like this.
Twice. It's a talent.
\*tortoise
Interesting. But surely if you get that info from only certain select screenings, the overall information wold be highly inaccurate?
I don't understand why Avengers and the MCU are not just one figure.
I have a goodie for you, give it a listen -- [Papa Roach - Come Around](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIq0Bq1LvO8)
The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
[Owl City - Fireflies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4)
In other words they're saying: money is more important than the environment, Greta! Ok?!
You desperate dweebs actually do this? Sad.
Ewwww. Only in america.
Ugh. Why?
You don't get toucans in Africa
All the Chinese seeing this image are shouting: "Shave before cook! Hair no good!"
How convenient! Choosing to only believe in certain things to suit your own personal moral values and pretending that the other shady stuff doesn't apply. Either you believe in all of it or none of it.
African here eating popcorn. This is gonna be a good read.
We're just giving the cunt more exposure/attention by doing this.
wow, obvious troll.
Ewww. Creep.
Christ. My eye balls can never un-see that.
Well it's about damn time.
I laughed my ass off with that moment. The only things that were missing from this epic reunion was Cate Blanchett, Bernard Hill, Hugo Weaving, Ian Holm, and Brad Dourif. (and of course Christopher Lee)
I remember! However, I really don't think that it's a good comparison because of the Federation's Prime Directive rules. Also: the Borg assimilate without consent, The Federation gives you a choice, and with it comes perks if you decide to do so.
Specify. I assume you're referring to Trump's America?
So say we all.
Awww, is orange fan sad? :( :( :(
Amy Lee's voice has matured beautifully. That was epic, cannot wait to hear more of Ev's new stuff.
Except that they obviously are racist.
Except that trumpy won the title of worse president ever very early on.
As someone that lives in a "shithole" country, you can go fuck yourself. You know nothing of our lives. We are as modern as you are.
Well in my own experience, I've been seeing a rise in popularity and positive opinion on Voyager recently.
Ugh, that Enterprise theme song is a horrific nightmare, and it gets worse every time you hear it. Personally, I think Voyager's opening theme song is the best of the Treks.
Famous last words.
JLP is a fucking great album. Every single on that record is an anthem.
If that was your obvious attempt at trolling...yikes. But keep at it! You'll get there one day.
Conversion therapy is the definition of atrocity. Just because you're not personally affected by it, that doesn't mean that others aren't.
I don't know what bat-shit crazy conspiracy websites you've been reading: but the UN does not, and never will, support genital mutilation. Or maybe you're just a troll.
Yes! The idea of Q and his capabilities could be a very terrifying realization for aliens.
Where did I say that genocides aren't atrocities? They obviously are.
If you can call laughing a response then sure, because that was my reaction.
Racism? Have you even looked at the US corona infections/deaths compared to other countries? Of course you haven't. Any sane country would immediately block access to the US right now.
Yep, “He’s just trolling the liberals” is becoming more and more of a weak excuse to justify his bullshit as each day passes.
That has to be the most satisfying video I've seen in a while.
That's a good boy! This vid lightened my heart.
That sounded exactly like a screaming chimpanzee near the end of the clip. Vids like this remind me that we're all just apes. (that was an amazing catch btw)
That's awesome. Guinan has always fascinated me.
A live action Samurai Jack could be potentially amazing.
Lucky bastard.
No shit Sherlock.
I am by no means religious, but I greatly respect your answer and I just wish that other Christians could use your outlook of how to be a decent human being.
This surely has to be a puppet. Creepy.
I'm with you on this: they're all muscly, body shaved top to toe, oily, hilariously massive donkey cock. Nasty. It's so unrealistic that you just can't get invested.
It's cute that you think that everyone owns a 3d printer.
Gimli and Daug.
It's a known fact that us saiyans prefer our lovers to be slim and submissive.
What medication has been most effective for you?
Ah, gotcha! Fair enough.
“From what I hear, if you look at Mr. Pillsbury, the leading authority on China ... he was saying that China has total respect for Donald Trump and for Donald Trump’s very, very large brain. He said, Donald Trump, they don’t know what to do." He's a fucking clown.
"I wanna fuck you" by Akon.
He was star struck.
"The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive." -- Trump 2012. And this cunt is somehow in power.
Cringe.
That was so satisfying. This dude should hire out his services for anyone that has issues with a karen.
Fuck 2020. RIP Sir Ian.
Fuck 2020. RIP Sir Ian.
That's what I used to say...and I'm definitely not straight.
Honestly? I don't think anyone will be able to put up with my drug habits, my sloppiness, my weird sleeping hours, my depression. I'm a good guy, but I have a lot of personal issues to sort out before considering being in a relationship.
Something gross like a deep fried snickers bar on a stick. That sounds insanely American.
No lol. I wouldn't die for any country. Why would I die for politicians and their choices?
Personally I think it's stupid, because I know it's fake...and usually they're only doing it to make the boys get hard.
um...what's the significance of June 21st?
Don't believe everything you read. we'll probably be having this same conversation a year from now.
Cute cat! It looks like he has some wares for sale.
Such as?
Why is this only coming out now?
Drugs and depression.
I'll give her the benefit of the doubt, but it sound suspicious.
Poor kid haha. Yes that betazoid gift box head is a disturbing sight. I hope he's enjoying the show.
Yes, that's why I have a glass of water next to my bed.
What is making you feel overwhelmed?
Hot in here - Nelly
I know this is isn't the guidance you want to hear right now: but it takes time. You'll get used to it, and you'll get used to all those stupid people and their stupid shit. Be your own person, and be true to yourself. Don't sell yourself out.
In terms of ecology, they are the most important creatures on this planet. Treat them with respect, and please, for fuck's sake, don't kill them just because you think they're "icky" or "gross". They are far more important than you are.
"Victims" also come out because they need cash, and this could be a potentially big pay day. Keep that in mind.
Dude. Really? Seems kinda desperate.
The girl's head on the road was really fucked up.
Why do you hate it? this looks awesome.
[Wasted on you - Evanescence](https://youtu.be/4bvQHrMnxUw)
Easily. She makes accusations against her "rapist" and then goes to the press. money money money.
I'm really good at snorting a line of coke off a hard cock.
Guavas, from my own yard.
Yep. The press will lap up all her details, and make a big story out of it. Be it true or not.
Dobby. What an awkward little cunt.
Can we see it?
Why? a wizard is never late. Nor is he early....he arrives precisely when he means to.
so are you a hermaphrodite?
Ok. I won't pressure you. Keep in mind that most people talk shit online....so you need to make a plan.
Fair enough. Enjoy.
I wish it was that easy. Thks for the support.
Thanks! How are you doing?
I agree. At this point in time I'm high, so I'm a bad example to make a point. Hopefully we'll get through this shit.
Christ that movie was awful.
Download Adblock. You'll never see shit like that again, or any ad.
There are some crazy-ass names for places up in Greenland.
I'm not shitting on him, I'm laughing hysterically at him.
As an uncle myself: I agree. I'd be having a blast doing this.
lol, you sound like a butt-hurt trump supporter. Dry your tears.
h...haha? haha? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Because they're stupid?
This is our special trumpy we're talking about. I would imagine, regardless of who you are, that it's incredibly easy to play him like a fiddle.
Son of the Mask, The Room, and Birdemic are all terribly hilarious. (Oh, and let's not forget Dragon Ball Evolution)
Samurai Jack.
You guys have a sexy time playlist?
It looks like you're already doing it: reddit.
Rock, easily.
Seether's [Careless Whisper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7imqO-OBVk) is infinitely superior to the orignal George Michael version.
They represent different situations/emotions over different phases of my life. Surprisingly, I've never had anyone that's had a real issue with them.
You have no idea how long I've waited to hear those words from someone else online. Agree with you totally.
He's trolling. It's awful.
T2. I think this is already a given.
To chase prey, and run away from things that might potentially want to kill us?
Hysterically awful. Like, really really bad.
[Numb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU) Linkin Park
Yes? That's a small price to pay. If need be, I'd cover that shit with makeup.
[Save Today - Seether](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPnSQXiwGX0) (just listen to it)
We'd all be living in the Shire, and we'd all have hairy feet.
Appreciated.
...and so it begins. Again.
[Sadza and Nyama](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/8f/86/d0/8f86d081945341c4d177a8f949d13455.jpg)... from my home country Zimbabwe. It's fucking amazing.
It's a combination of leafy relish, fatty beef stew, and a white fluffy corn meal similar to mashed potatoes.
Um...I'd tell you about it, honestly, but I've never actually heard of it.
The Return of the King. I was a weeping wreck.
Interesting question. I'd imagine because with the fall of the ancient Greek civilization...their beliefs and ideologies fell with them. I hope the same thing happens with this whole stupid christian god as well.
Yep, you're correct. This is why we all still know about characters like Zeus, Hades, and Hercules. Passed down through the generations. That type of religion has turned more into a mythology through the ages.
So do I. You'd think that in the 21st century we'd all be over this kind of shit by now.
it makes a big difference when you're not surrounded by karens and trump supporters.
I would have prevented that bitch from leaving the store until she paid for the damages from her little tantrum.
You forgot to add in there trump supporters.
This is the most least surprising news I've seen all day.
There's a difference between gender and sexual orientation. Go read a fucking book.
