&gt; His dad recently broke his PS4 just because he quit his job at McDonalds. Sounds worse than that. Any parent who feels the need to destroy something when they don't get what they want sounds violent.
Link works fine for me
Pretty sure it was a stock image they both copped
/u/halpebeats Yo man can we get a DL for this shit
&gt; Hi-tek by spass thats released now http://classic.beatport.com/track/hi-tek-original-mix/8692283
&gt; muk &amp; infekt - kruger https://dbr.ee/dLZV &gt;IAMNOBODI - easiersaidthandone https://dbr.ee/DCJE
Nigga y'all got Justin Trudeau and legal weed comin in soon, y'all set for the future smh
that's gross
Maybe, but by America's standards he's a lot more progressive than what many corporatist Dems would consider electable.
Yo when and where was this recorded? Saw NGHTMRE recently and he's not dropping this, really bummed that it might be canned.
the shitty reworked version, in 128kbs no less...
timbre of the bass patch is a little fluxish
but it wasn't private when it was first posted, plenty of people ripped it back then. It's just that because it went private, we were never able to rip it in higher quality than what we had back then.
Yeah, pretty dope. Basically a Skrillex remix or VIP of one of best songs out of the three Korn collabs
The post lists them in order
&gt;I did think that the roach device used against the mass implant was a little deus ex machina though. Like how did an oppressed, hunted minority manage to develop technology capable of messing with the government's powerful mass implants? Seemed like they just threw it in to make the whole plot work. They explain in the episode that one of the roaches reverse engineered the mass technology in order to create the interference device.
Not true, as each state has their own laws on minors seeking abortions. Some states are very liberal and have no restrictions for minors, some require one or two parents to be notified, others require one or two parents to consent, otherwise the minor has to get an exemption from a court if the parents say no in one of those states. Florida just happens to have the laws like you mentioned. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Map_of_US_minor_abortion_laws.svg
GTA said a lil while ago that it might still come out, even tho the demo leaked recently.
Carmack usually uploads his scrapped shit tho
Shoulda prolly mentioned Ping Pong too
You guys are making wayyyyy too many assumptions from this vid. The bye bye thing is in his songs and has been in other videos.
Demo mix leaked lil while ago, hopefully will still be released
I think it's called Carmack's Gems
It's a long dead VIP lol
They haven't released anything in 2017 yet
It was, and that Skrillex version WA apart of a longer song. I managed to find the full version of Urchin a few years ago, the song from he other teasers, but not cusp
Mirror?!?
Yo can u reup? We transfer link is down
Got the acapella too by any chance?
Yo does this mean we can get the Try It Out Neon Mix stems too?
I know, but the try it out stems were released for another game on Xbox as DLC, thought it might be able to extract them somehow with a similar method to these.
Yo who's edit/remake is that?
&gt; Drake - back to back (acapella) https://dbr.ee/nx4C
&gt;Flume say it stems/acapella [Instrumental](https://dbr.ee/A4AQ) [Acapella](https://dbr.ee/ksCy)
doubt anyone has the real thing, just spitfya
Oh yeah that one is out there
Will leak eventually
You know we have the real versions of some of these now right?
https://youtu.be/xYjnIOoI1Kw Was released as DLC for this game, hopefully you could find a way to extract them
So why remake them? Also could I get a DL link for the promises one?
Recorded around 2009-10, partially leaked in 2012
Yeah, I remember this was one of the old interviews that Nardwuar watched and then asked Sonny about the harddrives and handcuffs thing in like 2012 and he had totally forgotten about it by then lol
A few different ways. The most common is finding the official instrumental of a song and phase inverting it with the original mix to get a DIY acapella. You can also sometimes phase inverting different parts over each other to get different instruments. You can also sometimes make decent DIY acapellas using a VST called MashTactic which can isolate vocal tracks pretty well depending on how they were mixed down and if they don't have many transients other than vocals.
sorry bae
&gt;AWAL https://www.dropbox.com/s/5dxng58xqgje44x/AWAL%20Edit%20Pack%20Vol.%201.zip?dl=0
No, but a 320 mixcut is out there
&gt; deadmau5 - Snowcone stems those are for purchase on masterclass
https://soundcloud.com/nahsykofficial/dj-snake-x-yo-majesty-smookie-illson-x-brillz-club-propaganda-nahsyk-edit
edit of it http://www10.zippyshare.com/v/85709792/file.html
&gt;Mr Oizo - No Tony (Boruru club edit) https://dbr.ee/ftGM
&gt;Ponicz - Fuse https://dbr.ee/VoAA
&gt; RUN AWAY DIAMOND PISTOLS FT. IAN EVERSON https://dbr.ee/JsMc
&gt; Midnight T - the king vip https://dbr.ee/RV3P
&gt; Netsky - Forget What You Look Like (Pola &amp; Bryson Bootleg) https://dbr.ee/jn0V
Not misspelled, just an alternate spelling from the past
The dailys are so people can have discussions and ask questions without having to make them their own threads, which is what it was like before we had them. Better to have these then have each comment in a daily thread flood the front page as posts. Also good for just talk in general or posting your own shit.
As in "hold this L"
No that's why I'm askin lol
https://www.dropbox.com/s/qq7b8v06u7kpfxf/D.R.A.M.%20%26%20Lil%20Yachty%20X%204B%20-%20Broccoli%20%28Benzi%20X%20Chuwe%20Dirty%20Edit%29.mp3?dl=0 Str8 from the man himself Edit: whoops fixed
Fixed
&gt; To Ü + Slam Dunk + 6th Gear + You &amp; Me This one is pretty good, but the "Ooh" sample is totally not syncopated properly with 6th Gear in the second drop. Also, all of these files are missing the .mp3 file extension.
In London, calling 999 is the same as 911 in the US.
Anybody got a link to that remake or a really good edit?
Those demos are the "Noisia Work" blood monkeys tracks
Leaking the WAV cuz fuck ppl who leak in shit quality https://dbr.ee/SXLZ
🤘🤘🤘
NP man, really hope the whole USB leaks
These recent leaks minus the Jack U stuff are from a 12th Planet drive, and it hasn't come close to fully leaking.
Damn! Well I have had 2 replacements since March, and luckily my most recent one was a rare Verizon model that had the bootloader unlockable, so I've been enjoying the PureNexus rom lately.
Similar but it was never proven. May have shared the same vocal sample.
Called Jump Squad I believe
Have the acapella somewhere
Explain?
It was released on an official remix CD, it's real.
Buy it
6P is gonna be totally obsolete soon, I'd wait for the Pixel 2. Or, if you're getting a carrier free phone get then OnePlus3T.
https://forum.xda-developers.com/oneplus-3t/development Plenty of custom room for the 3T
[Reverse](http://imgur.com/RxgaLa4.jpg)
No idea, haven't asked. It was just in a display case of antique stuff he collects.
&gt;They are not against free trade, though. And as I recall, Nordic model countries don't have minimum wage, do they? What they have is unions with such strong collective bargaining rights that workers get paid higher wages than they would if a minimum wage were to be implemented.
I think he's trying to isolate the instrumental of the Skrillex remix.
https://dbr.ee/8WSm
Yes, assuming there was no post processing done on the vocals that weren't applied the the vocal stem.
Best I could find
I don't think she still has the filter on, I think its permanently off after she destroyed the tablet.
no its not actually lol, 16-18 depending on the state plus exceptions
You replied the wrong comment?
https://www.reddit.com/r/FORTnITE/comments/6rtlki/fortnite_on_linux_it_works/ https://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=version&amp;iId=35574
S M I L E Y B O Y E
You kinda have to install Windows to do anything without going through a lot of trouble lmao. But hey, at least you'll survive when Microsoft kills us all.
Considering the game has cross-platform compatibility, I'm sure it will happen at some point.
He's also curating music to be placed in the soundtrack, but the article makes pretty clear that "original" music will be produced by Kdot for the movie.
If only the OPUS streams could be 165kbs like YouTube, we could actually get high fidelity on tracks that are stream only.
While it was prolly misreporting, Sonny actually made MNIS EP in late 2009 while he was waiting on Bells to be released. He still used the Mothership spaceship well into 2012. Bug Hunt is clearly wrong, and yeah Jack U technically formed in 2013 but didn't released the album until 2015.
My man /u/crystalizemusic bringing back the classics 👏👏
and Fortnite
Buncoin!
Could have also been a loop from a pack, like the one he used in San Diego VIP.
Stop waiting cuz it was released and made for that video lmao
I too agree that Wawa is superior, however u gotta put some respek on my Sheets
He used the Old Mothership, the one with the Skrillex logo on the front that looked like an Being in 2012 and 2013, then made another Mothership that was a lot bigger for the 2014 Mothership tour.
Liquid Drum and Bass Vol 3 by Producer Loops if I remember correctly.
The miniature chicken sliders with chedder and bacon do it for me, plus the dude who runs my Sheets is nice as hell.
Found almost exactly the same shirt https://www.redbubble.com/people/letsmakeshirts/works/29412887-bootleg-blonde-frank-ocean-parody?p=t-shirt
DJ Snake made both tracks
You don't say?
What?
Is that also the "double suicide" on the wall at the entrance? And what I don't get is how those corpses can be there and yet in the flashback to the recent past the news report says the dogs had just been unveiled. Really hope a future episode does an easter egg that gives a little bit if context to the events of Metalhead cuz the episode itself implies that it's at least somewhat post-apocalyptic.
Change that link to 2018/01/02 or it's dead
I think that's a stretch
I think that was a different device since it erased memories
I think it's more likely that these corpses are the same couple from Metalhead, since it would fit with the ["double suicide" reference in the front of the museum.](https://i.redd.it/e6otvin6r4101.jpg)
[It's Fence's Pizza in both actually](http://www.indiewire.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/16_fences_pizza.jpg?w=780)
Yeah I think the only episodes they didn't have easter eggs for in Black Museum were Nosedive and Hang The DJ from what I can tell. I have no idea where Nosedive fits into the universe, maybe distant future or some weird country/state? Hang the DJ would've have to have been a subtle reference considering there's nothing really evil about the tech.
But that's not correct? It wasn't a double suicide, because Harry didn't want to die. It was a murder-suicide since he was forced to drink the whole thing by Jennifer who killed herself after. Maybe I'm reading too much into it, but I assumed the double suicide was a reference to Metalhead with the couple in bed.
Well shit, there must be references to Nosedive and Hang the DJ that haven't been discovered yet.
Those cars in Nosedive didn't charge off solar panels tho, could be a reference and I'll consider it such if no one can find another reference to Nosedive in Black Museum.
What connection?
But Shut up and Dance wasn't satire? It was meant to be pretty dark and dramatic, while 15MM was pretty clearly a satire of shows like the X Factor and American Idol.
Yeah I think you may be right
It's just /u/mostwanted2011's remake
collab was called Heads Down btw
Was confirmed actually he said that and the Toto collab would be released on the album during a talk/interview he did with a college.
Yeah I think he made that clear in the interview
And MLK lol
&gt; Deep Down Low x The End https://soundcloud.com/valdeezvips/eptic-x-breaux-x-valentino-khan-the-deep-end He's got a dl too
nah dont think that exists (we only have DIY acapellas too lol) but im pretty sure you could remake it by sampling the intro over the vocals and just remaking the buildup and bridge.
Yeah, it was released in full studio back in 2010 as a free download. Here's the file https://dbr.ee/cJEW
Yo is that a windless
Reminds me of this video https://youtu.be/ML4VwWWpSKg
Never seen that one but I'm sticking to my lad
Yeah he did, that part of the episode was based on a short story he wrote.
I hate this analogy for some reason, I don't think it's a fair comparison. A penis is nothing to be ashamed of and is total natural, religion isn't.
So funny that he incorporated the breakdown at 1:31 into Mora, then reused the same sample in Fucking Die 1 and 2.
Someone who had the CD and uploaded the rips to SkrillexMothership forum said the disc was just encoded with 160kbs MP3s so ripping FLAC didn't increase the quality
fuck that one is uncomfortable to watch when Stern gets weird about Kiesza
On Genius it was called LUCA and they mention they changed the name because Kevin changed it, but since he deleted the tweet about the name being changed some ppl assumed that means it was changed back but I don't agree.
Wait what?
Yeah I agree, altho apparently some ppl on Genius decided to change the page back to perf. I mean I get Kiko produced it and it is called perf in the CD tags but I have a feeling Kevin changed the name for a reason.
including schools for the blind and a potato chip factory
If you spell the "true 320s", most won't spek past 16-18kHz is all I'm saying. The dude proved it a few years ago.
Yeah it's clearly boosted, see how the frequencies past 16kHz or so aren't the same solid green? They're grainy and alternative between that light blue and green, because they're just noise that's been pitched up.
He does tho, like in AfricAryaN
Why does that matter tho? How often he says it shouldn't affect whether or not it's okay lol. You could make the same argument for anyone. It's almost implying that biracial ppl can only say it half the time because they're half black.
IDK I played it in between class all day yesterday
It's from Dark Souls, Destiny just copied it
Huffpost should be vanilla and TYT should be Hard
YOOOOO those instrumentals &lt;3
B A N A N
I have a bizarre phobia of that place ever since I gagged as a child at the smell of their chicken. I'm glad someone else understands.
we have a diy pella
Would need an acapella of XXX and and instrumental of LUST
Don't think so, considering the dogs were revealed during the time period of Black Museum. Brooker also said there was a deleted scene in Metalhead where it showed that the Dog was a drone being operated by an ordinary guy who takes a break while she's in the tree to give his kid a bath. They removed it only because the felt the scene cutting away to that didn't fit the theme of the scene, but I would assume it's still somewhat cannon. The logic behind why those people were being hunted down could be similar though.
Prolly his earlier demo with the earlier drums, he mixes that in sometimes
He might have production credit, he just isn't featured.
We have a lossless wav from the game files
Bad feeling that the deal with Netflix fell thru to release it, but maybe someone could ask him about it when the album drops.
Wish somebody could remake it, have the stems to lotus eater and it's just the main synth but pitched up and rearranged a bit.
He actually just dropped it in his Cookout mox yesterday. If he could release it and the Lotus Eater/Money Trees Edit, I would be so happy.
Ekali X WSN when?
It's in the unreleased torrent but here's a dbree link https://dbr.ee/oyhx
Yeah I have that and the Lunchbox Remake
Dude that's a remake of the whole remix, from before it came out, it's amateur.
I see.
Also the "We A Kill Dem" dubplate with different vocals
Its a guy, Stonewall Klaxon. Leaked pretty early on.
The Xbox One was released in 2013 lol
I thought it was Mammoths that got the Cyclops myth?
The angle makes his left eye look bigger.
She only admitted on her death bed tho
/r/SexProLifeTips
I have seen this exact me before tho
Light Me Up isn't related to the Diplo/Jack U produced track for Miguel right?
LSC is intolerable but honestly where's the lie
She did the vocals on Bun Up The Dance. This sounds more like a production for her than a Skrillex track to be featured on.
It's true that James does play a LOT of Fortnite for his solo content, but you have to realize that YouTube really had been fucking everyone over with ad-pocalypse and he really can only work on Cow Chop stuff for YT. If you wanna catch him playing other games, you have to follow him on Twitch and either catch the streams or watch the VODs. He usually edits them into highlights for other games or uploads the full playthrough into episodes like he did for God of War and Detroit Become Human recently.
Name a more iconic duo, I'll wait.
Someone should throw a book so they ban books too
Had them for years, were never banned at my schools.
What's crazy, it's even older. He made MNIS EP in the Fall of 2009 after Gypsyhook (some of his Twipz tracks were demos of it) as he was waiting on Bells. Didn't release it until Blood Monkeys was for sure dead in the water.
He used to play a mashup of Signal and the original mix in his old 2010 Skrillex sets https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Rk3q8oC-WQ
Remake or setrip?
Promises DnB is my fave, along with SMNS DnB and Kyoto DnB.
No, the next season is just going on without him
Yeah I remember hearing it live in 2012 for the first timez, was amazing.
Yeah, stopped watching after season 3 and now I don't feel like watching the rest lol.
I did?
Sent again
I saw Goodnight Mommy (Graphic German Indie Horror Film) on my first date with my GF of 3 years and there was a couple that brought their baby with them into the theater. It cried for at least 45 minutes. Like at what point is it okay for the theaters to make a rule that infants can't be brought into any Horror movie? I get it, some ppl don't have money for a babysitter but for FUCKS SAKE don't bring a child to a Horror movie, ever!
OP, let's not kid ourselves here. You wouldn't turn down a goth GF, you're just salty you don't have one.
They didn't make it legal, they made it a misdemeanor. Most people, including those on the left disagreed and said it should remain a felony. Can we stop with the fear mongering about how homosexuality is somehow a slippery slope to bestiality? Are you fucking kidding me? It's a bit trite at this late date.
99% sure the face is Michelle Bachmann
Sure they are. Just like it's not YOU who's the degenerate buddy.
You think having nuclear family makes you a good person. Like just prove my point some more, thanks.
I think saying something is "okay" is hardly any endorsement. If anything, it's the most tacit endorsement ever made. Much like saying the Civil Rights movement was a good thing. It's the official position of the US Government that it was a good thing as well, so I don't think it's inappropriate for public schools.
They do, go to Zaxby's.
Ah yes, I'm sure you'd fit right in at /r/beholdthemasterrace :)
Then don't get drive thru lol
No, of course not.
Do your wife and kids know you're from /pol/? I'd get them some counselling before the inevitable divorce. Bonus points if you're military.
&gt;I'm better than you are and you can't really upset me with this low level faggotry HOW DARE YOU! l'd be happy to show you some high level faggotry. Where's Milo when you need him? Prolly sucking off Richard Spencer with your buddies. Go join him and don't forget to sieg heil Daddy Trump before you nut!
Not really. Maybe the biscuits are better, but Chick-fil-A treats their workers like trash and bankrolls those awful groups so take your pick.
You shadowbanned? You want me to send it over discord?
It's stupid to think anything as simple as two people in an age similar relationship or adults in a consensual relationship. The only difference is that nowadays people REALIZE that because religion doesn't have the iron grip on society that it once had. You were TAUGHT that it was wrong, just like how you were taught to believe in God, by your parents more than likely. I would find it hard pressed to convince yourself of those things being true if you hadn't learned it as a child. This isn't even an LGBT class we're talking about, it's comprehensive sex education (which leads to nothing but good outcomes like lower rates of STDs and Teen Pregnancy) that is inclusive to LGBT youth. There is nothing objectionable to that at face value. To answer your question, I think it's a bit of a moot point because what I'm saying is situational. Obviously if we lived in a neoreactionary hellhole we wouldn't even be having this conversation. Like I said, you don't have a right to be sheltered from the world because of your religion. Education is there to teach people about the world, regardless of your preconceptions or prejudices, religious or otherwise. This sort of thing is necessary and if you're fighting against it, you're fighting a losing battle. Again, they're not forcing kids to change their beliefs about anything. If the parent wants to brainwash and say everything they learned in school is a lie, so be it. You could make the same argument about creationists and evolution and it would still be horseshit. Maybe go on /r/changemyview about this sort of thing.
It seems pretty hypocritical to me to whine about indoctrination towards acceptance of people, but to be perfectly fine with parents indoctrinating their kids to believe whatever shit they're told. Yes, to a degree it is pushing the agenda of accepting different types of people and not having rigid and archaic concepts about morality. Watch a secular morality lecture. There is 100% nothing immoral about homosexuality. There is no possible argument someone could make without making an appeal to 2000 year old mythology that says things like slavery is fine and eating shellfish or wearing a mix of two different fabrics makes you a bad person. You asked if people don't know about gay people and you'd be surprised. The people that actually need to be educated about it THE MOST are those with strict religious upbringings who live in small, middle-of-nowhere towns where no deviancy has ever been exposed to them. That way they don't grow up their whole childhood thinking something is wrong with them just because they had crazy religious people for parents. They're not being taught to be gay, they're simply being taught that there are other types of relationships that some people have and the things people in those relationships would need to know to be educated and safe. To answer your question, yes I support the government forcibly teaching children shit that their idiot parents might not want them to hear, like that evolution is real and that there is nothing innately wrong with homosexuality. These are facts according to the closest things we have to objective standards of morality, data and evidence. If people still have 2000 year old concepts of morality in the 21st century, so be it. That doesn't mean you get to live in your personal little religious safe space for your children in public schools. Your freedom of religion gives you a right to practice whatever religion you want when believe whatever crazy shit you want, but not to DO anything you want as a result. Religious practices are not protected as an extension of that, and shouldn't be.
First of all, don't put me in the camp of sympathizing with authoritarian regimes. We're talking about LGBT sex education in public school, nothing more and nothing less. &gt;And I'm not saying freedom of religion gives me the right to do anything. I'm saying that my right as a human being should give me the choice to not do what I deem wrong. These positions contradict one another. You have no legal rights outside of what is defined by law when using the term in a legal sense. You have no right whatsoever to be forced or not to be forced to do anything outside of what is protected. By your logic, someone who thinks taxes are immoral shouldn't have to pay them or giving children their basic needs shouldn't have to provide them. Now that is a slippery slope. &gt;The free will I have. I don't think you understand the concept of free will. Having the ability to make choices says nothing about whether or not you should be allowed to make the choices that you do. This is not about what rights you have to not have other beliefs forced upon you. That is pretty vague considering the only beliefs they are being taught are to value information that they may find valuable in their lives should they indeed turn out homosexual. If you feel a moral obligation to not have your children exposed to the information they receive in public school, either send them to private school or homeschool them yourself. If that's not feasible, rethink your life philosophy.
&gt;You admitted to supporting governments forcing people to do things morally wrong. To then at least. What other camp should I put you in? To be 100% honest with you, I'm actually not a statist so technically I don't believe in government funded education per se. However, in the context of a society that has a state, I believe certain things should and should not be taught. &gt;And my position does not contradict each other. This is not a legal debate. This is a debate about morals. We are not debating whether or not forcing the government someone to get indoctrinated is legal. It is. The government makes the laws. So it is technically legal for Nazi Germany to gas Jews. We are talking about whether this should be. The answer is, no, of course. We are Do not twist my words. I am simply using Human Rights as the basis of my reasoning. Nothing more or less. You're not using reasoning for the basis of your reasoning however, which is in and of itself, a contradiction. The Bible itself is contradictory which means it is only your subjective interpretation of it that matters, which boils down to what you chose to believe. Nothing about it is objective or empirical. You chose to believe in a non-objective sense of morality and view everything else through that framework. Frankly, I don't think that can be reasoned with as there is no reasonable reason in my mind to not teach children who might be gay information about safe sex. &gt;How is 'It's okay to fuck men, women, or whatever' useful? In an way? For real that is a dumb excuse to include the pushing of a belief. Sex Ed should not be mixed with this shit. Sex ed IS useful, this is not. You're wrong. That IS sex education. Teaching people about different sexual orientations that they will learn about anecdotally in their lives is of academic value. It's certainly valuable to children who are shunned by their parents for their homosexual feelings or behavior in order for them to understand that there are other people like them, let alone that there is nothing wrong with them. &gt;And really. Everyone hates taxes, but who thinks it is immoral? Or think providing for children is immoral? Your examples are simply ludicrous and has no basis in real life. Oh sweet naive child, you haven't met an ancap or even the average libertarian. You believe theft is immoral, correct? Well, ancaps and others believe that taxation is theft, and therefore immoral. It is perfectly relevant as an analogy considering the viewpoint you are advocating. &gt;And what of the people that can't afford homeschooling or private schooling? Too bad? Grow up? Evolve your beliefs? You're asking for the modern world to devolve to suit your lifestyle. People have worked hard for the acceptance they now receive and they aren't going to let a minority of religious kooks marginalize them. &gt;You know, you atheists always say we shove religion down your throats. This is very hypocritical of you to force other people to believe your beliefs. I don't believe in forcing anyone to do anything. Again, if I were a statist I'd say that people's morality drive the laws. If people in California pass laws saying that LGBT children must be educated according to their tendency in sex education, they have every right to do so and no one's religious beliefs should prevent that given that it is not unconstitutional. I'd say you're also crying afoul by implying that atheists are somehow shoving our beliefs down your throat by objecting to you objecting to something as benign as teaching kids that gay sex isn't weird. 'Cause it's not. Homosexuality has never directly harmed anyone, however hostile attitudes toward it have and it's about time we cease those as a society.
I need your name too, not just the ID number. Give me the full thing.
Yeah, I wonder about that guy sometimes. My guess is it may have been passed on to Nest HQ but you'd have to make a post about it and find some visibility if you wanted to track that dude down. As of rn we don't know who he was.
That genius page was made before the track even dropped and was self-submitted. Unless it's a verified lyrics page, it's not 100% guaranteed to be accurate.
&gt;The constitution doesn't protect the right to be racist. O wait yes it does. No it doesn't. You can say racist things, that doesn't mean you can do racist things. &gt;Teaching a kid it's ok to suck shitty dick What about some good dick?
Yeah, and those ones are verified by the artist. Plenty of lyrics posted to Genius are not posted or verified by the original artist and are just fan transcriptions. I know, because I've fixed them by submitting corrections.
It would have to be a lot of ppl and honestly it's just not that important.
&gt;The fact that you named so many potential Pres candidates, one of whom almost certainly won't be running again (Sanders), is not an ideal situation. You're gullible af if your think Bernie isn't going to run again
Doubt they would've cancelled the tour over nothing
They will, he's the most popular politician in the country and for good reason. He's not too old, Biden is almost as old as him and no one is saying he's too old to run.
He's a creep in general too. He's spoken fondly of Dixiecrats that supported segregation as people he would have lunch with. Not to mention he's not in touch with the base at all.
Damn, you put it perfectly. Yeah, the dirty truth of all the horrible shit that Clinton did and Biden getting a pass too because he "changed" after the 90s. You got a Twitter or something? What's ur fave poli sub?
&gt; Small anarcho-communist communes probably can't deal with the kinds of problems we have today. The economy is global, so are our problems, like climate change, international trade, international criminal orginizations, and so on. Maybe your commune wants to act in a way to protect the enviorment and the air and the water, but if the commune the next town over is dumping toxic waste into the water supply and into the air, what do you do about it? &gt; Stop them? &gt; And that's just a local issue; most of our biggest problems today are global co-ordination problems, the kinds of problems where we're all better off doing X (putting less carbon into the air, avoiding the spread of nuclear weapons, ect) but each individual group is better off doing the opposite. I don't think you can solve global co-ordination problems with small anarcho-communist communes; they have enough trouble solving coordination problems inside themselves. There is nothing really holding back any commune from agreeing to standards about things like pollution and environmentalism and there are no incentives to pollute or be wasteful without capitalism. &gt; And then you into all kinds of other trickier issues; what happens when one independent anarcho-communist group ends up much richer than another group? Is there any way to redistribute wealth between groups? What if there is another group down the street that is practicing something you find abhorant, like systematic child marriage and child abuse linked to a cult leader? Do you have any way to interviene in that? Richer? You do know that there's no money in an anarcho-communist society right? Resources are distributed based on need. Different communes wouldn't be all that different except for geographical or logistical reasons. Trade of goods across communes would be as simple as shipped goods are transported now. &gt; There are a lot of variants of anarcho-communism and Anarcho-syndicalism. But most of the ones that I've seen have the same kind of coordination problems. That being said, there's no reason you can't start up a commune or a worker's collective or a company owned by the workers or whatever inside of a liberal democracy. You absolutely should be able to do that, so long as you follow the (hopefully fairly unrestrictive) laws of the larger democracy, and people have tried, with mixed success. But I think you do need the structure of a larger democratic govenrment in order to facilitate larger-scale decision making and large-scale coordination to solve national and global issues. You can't HAVE a commune or a syndicate in a capitalist state without overthrowing the state. What, the state is just gonna peacefully allow a commune to exist and not enforce private property laws and taxes? Of course not. Saying that it could be accomplished right now is ridiculous. The most successful communes in the world either fought and maintained their independence in after a civil war (like Revolutionary Catalonia in the past and Rojava today) or on their own (like the Zapatistas in Mexico).
Those were "communes" as much as as civil war reenactments are "battles". I think you fundamentally misunderstand that being an ancom is not a lifestyle, it's a political beliefs that affects all aspects of life. Your ideas that people would have any inventive to cheat, pollute or otherwise not support each other would not exist. Consider this, the communes all fought together and overthrew the state. All of the workers now have full control the means of production. There would be no use for energy production or production of any products that would pollute the earth. The towns would not be "better off" producing more for less, quite the opposite. If people only created what they needed and worked hard so that everyone had everything they needed, there would be no incentive for anyone to cheat. Ideally, anyone allowed to be in or supported by a commune would hold dear the principles that created said commune, which would include elements of green anarchism. As for question of redistribution of resources (not wealth), it would be incumbent upon each commune to coexist peacefully and agree to fair distribution prior to taking power. Any union or commune that failed to make good on these promises would be considered illegitimate by other communes and not supported or actively fought against.
No, do you love living in the polluted-ass world we live in right now thanks to our dependence on oil, particularly foreign oil? Neither do I.
Why is it a zero sum game? Why are you pretending that we can't have clean energy that is sustainable and scalable to the whole world?
I didn't claim I didn't want energy production, I simply made the point that communes would not produce or use energy that does not come from clean and renewable sources. The economy would no longer be market based and labor and need would be the two defining factor in terms of resource distribution. There is no "cheap" when you abandon capitalism.
Fair point, but without artificial scarcity I doubt the system would mirror the class structure at all.
OWSLA is an imprint of Atlantic
Pouya isn't bad tho
Can we not blame Fortnite or Trap music for fuckbois?
Giving to charity doesn't mean shit when the policies your politicians push for create the very problems that charity is supposed to help. Not to mention, propagating the myth that religious people are more charitable which is less true year after year. https://news.gallup.com/poll/224378/religious-giving-down-charity-holding-steady.aspx Your "chartiable givings" are donating to churches, regardless of whether or not they serve a charitable purpose. http://religiondispatches.org/new-study-three-quarters-of-american-giving-goes-to-religion/ http://time.com/money/4102817/altruistic-religion-charity-generous-punishment-children/ http://www.patheos.com/blogs/friendlyatheist/2013/11/28/are-religious-people-really-more-generous-than-atheists-a-new-study-puts-that-myth-to-rest/ The government doesn't intrude into your life in any negative ways, but it does in a whole lot of positive ways that conservatives want to get rid of. Not affirmative action, things like Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security. All things that are wildly popular even among conservatives but Republicans want to gut.
&gt;I never said that poverty was born because of welfare. I said welfare creates incentives not to work. Actually with all the welfare programs some on welfare actually would make more than me working a part time job. No one in poverty works a part-time job, they work as much as they can and still don't make enough. Are you not aware that the Democrats passed welfare reform in the 90s? You only get welfare if you're working or actively searching for a job (you really have to prove it). It's nonsensical to say that you're not incentivized to work, you HAVE to work to receive welfare. Not to mention, far less people would need welfare if they had a guarantee of a job and a living wage like progressives are pushing for. &gt;I never said crisis pregnancy center centers were healthcare providers. I don't lie about that sort of stuff. What do I look like Planned Parenthood. Crisis Pregnancy Centers simply tell women about options other than abortion. No they don't, they actively try to deceive women. They say in their own internal documents that they're mission is to appear neutral until they actually have the women come in. They name themselves things that sound like a women's clinic when they are not a healthcare provider and actively spread misinformation about abortion solely to push their agenda. These are facts, educate yourself about the true nature of these organizations, they do not have the women's best interests at heart. &gt;Is it such a sin to try to convince women from murdering their unborn children? I don't believe in sin or that most forms of abortions are murder. The vast majority of abortions take place before 12 weeks, before there's a brain or a central nervous system developed. Taking the abortion pill is not the same as having the procedure after the fetus is viable which I would certainly concede could be considered an unjustified killing. &gt;I never said churches should pay for your medical bills. I said some will do that for their low income congregation members, and I'm sure many churches also help fund health clinics for low income people. Why should they even have to? Healthcare is a such a basic right, every other modern developed nation guarantees it to their citizens, they pay less money and get better outcomes. They don't waste money on things like overhead costs and marketing because everyone understands that everyone reaps the benefits of the money they put into the system, much like earned benefit programs like Social Security. &gt;Well for people who don't go to church then I suggest working for a job that has good benefits. There are lot of trades that are desperate for tradesmen and trade school isn't that long. My coworker started last fall and only has six months left in his program for AC technician. Or you could join a close knit community like a congregation. You made the choice to not be religious. Just like many poor people made the choice to have sex out of wedlock which resulted in a out of wedlock birth. What about people who can't get a job with good benefits? Even many people who are qualified can't find employment that suits them. What about people who were born in a place without good public education and never got the chance to go to college? Do you support going back to the good old days when public colleges were tuition free? Because I do. &gt;How far left do you have to be, to think Scalia was far right? He ruled in a centrist position on Heller v. District of Columbia. A strict constitutionalist(or far right in your mind) would have ruled that since the actual authors of the Constitution wrote that private citizens could own cannons for self defence against pirates, it would stand to reason that a citizen has the right to own any small arm they want. If you think an AR-15 or grenade launcher does more damage than a 19th century naval gun then you are insane. I don't think that an AR-15 is a "small arm" but I like I said I do not have an issue with a law abiding citizen owning one. A grenade launcher on the other hand is a bit ridiculous. You're never gonna need one to defend yourself, ever. And I'm not saying that Scalia never voted reasonably on a few specific cases, but that doesn't mean he wasn't far-right ideologically. Not to mention a republican hack at times, just look at how he ruled in Bush V. Gore. I have more respect for Thomas out of consistency than I do for Scalia.
&gt;Actually according to the Supreme Court with the cases of Citizens United and Hobby Lobby companies do have Constitutional rights and businesses owned by closed related members or small business are exempt for paying for medical services its owners object to. I'm aware of those rulings. Literally everything ideological aside, I think those rulings were two of the worst decided cases in American history and will certainly be overturned at some point. &gt;I imagine you agree Al Gore's Inconvient Truth or similar documentaries that support a leftist cause right? Well if companies did not have constitutional rights then a government that believes climate change or any other leftist position is a myth/wrong can censor that/those movie(s). I am sure you would be outraged by that right? Not necessarily. It would be a violation of the first amendment which I would not support under any circumstances. Also, climate change is not a leftist cause. It's an objective reality that only American conservatives propped up by Big Oil refuse to do anything about. That's why literally every other country on the planet, even ones with FAR more conservative tendencies than even the most in the US signed on to the Paris Climate Accords. &gt;You are ignoring the fact that the baby boomers were far bigger than the generations that followed, we have shrinking and aging population. Programs like Social Security only work if you have more workers than retirees which means that if you have a shrinking population those programs are screwed unless you take more money from the workers. No, you can simply increase taxes on people who make the most money, i.e. raising taxes on the 1% and ultra-wealthy corporations. The whole point of a safety net is that even people who didn't get good retirement benefits or saved will still be able to retire at an age when no one should be expected to have to work anymore. &gt;Well if you didn't teach your kids that valuing your parents meant caring for them (not saying the only way is to have them in your home, paying for their expenses is another option and gets cheaper the more siblings you have) then you made a huge mistake as a parent. I know for childless couples it can be hard, but what is stopping them from saving their own money especially if they have good jobs? Not everyone agrees with that sentiment, plenty of parents realize that it would be burdensome to ask their children to take care of them financially or physically when they're old. Doesn't that go against the conservative idea of personal responsibility anyways? And, like I said what makes you think that everyone can save money? Assume the childless couple went into debt due to medical bills or some other unforseen expense, what makes you think everyone is going to have enough money for retirement regardless of their individual socioeconomic status or other factors? &gt;I mean, people can take some personal responsibility for themselves. You are not entitled to my money. That's the whole point, part of it isn't your money. Every country collects taxes and everyone agrees to give part of what they earn to the government and in turn the government (ideally) uses that money to support the people's prosperity. If you make large amounts of money in a country where people who work hard still don't have the bare necessities in life, you owe them part of what they need. Considering the vast majority of the rich make their money off the backs of middle class and working class laborers, the bare minimum for their justification for being allowed to accumulate the wealth that they have is giving back a small fraction that benefits everyone else. &gt;If your parents were abusive or cruel then simply cut ties with and let them live their own lives. This is literally what I said but it flies in the face of your point about how only families should be responsible for taking care of each other. &gt;It is not your responsibility to care for me, or mine to care for you. I mean if you really feel that way, sure. But think about how that would apply if humans never worked collectively and only for the benefit if themselves. That doesn't sound very Christian to me, sounds awfully uncharitable and apathetic. &gt;For parents that just weren't that good or had their faults (like favoring sibling or something that is relatively minor) you can try forgiving them. Everyone has issues with their family. Myself included. I have issues with my mother blatantly favoring my sister, but I forgive her since she isn't perfect and I know she tried. Forgiveness is a pretty big part of becoming a better person. I believe in forgiveness, but some families are simply dysfunctional and will never have the strong ties to support one another. Most people agree that old people who don't have the money or the family to take care of them should still be taken care of and not have to suffer. &gt;Here is a big difference between you and me. I want people to change their behavior by changing to popular culture and appealing to each person's sense of reason. You want grand edicts from the center of government power where those edicts without a doubt with encroach on people's lives and rights. First of all, don't make assumptions about what I want when I haven't even said what system I would view as ideal. I actually DON'T believe in centralized power at all. I think the core of the benefits of democracy would be best realized if society was reshaped to incorporate democracy into our lives in nearly all ways. Like rather than centralized government, societies organized through collectives that created and distributed goods and services based on need and everyone contributed equally. The closest schools of thought to this are Mutualism and Revolutionary Syndicalism. I used to be a Right-Libertarian until I discovered mutualism but the past few years have changed my mind about the necessity of free markets. Second, it is interesting that you don't view the lack of providing people with the bare necessities in a society with artificial scarcity as immoral when even religions like Christianity teach that gluttony and greed are deadly sins. Unless you can overthrow the government, the best thing to do is to try to achieve the outcomes you want within the given system by any means necessary without resorting to offensive violence.
&gt;I meant hourly not in total. I work fr minimum wage. Your minimum wage increases only hurt low income people. There is numerous studies that show that raising the minimum wage increases inflation, unemployment, and lower hours for workers. You do know that the minimum wage would be over $10 an hour if it just kept up with inflation since 1968 right? You make less than someone did then. Raising the minimum wage has nothing to do with inflation or unemployment. If we had a federal jobs guarantee, almost no one would be unemployed who is looking for work. Why is it a bad thing if workers work less hours if they can make enough to survive. You cited no sources for said studies and I have never seen one that comes to that conclusion that has been peer reviewed. &gt;Abortion ends the life of an unborn child. Also since you are using viability as the metric then does that mean the life of an unborn child in the backwoods of Alaska is less valuable than that of of an unborn child in NYC? It is a lot harder for an unborn child to born alive or survive if born prematurely in Alaska than it is if the child was born prematurely in New York City. Also the line of viability is only going to get pushed back further and further as medical technology improves and artificial wombs become a reality. I think someone living in Alaska should have just as much access to health care as someone in NYC, including premature birth. If artificial wombs become a reality to the point that any fetus can live outside of the mothers womb, there would be no need for an abortion for the vast majority of unplanned pregnancies. You're basically making the case for a world that doesn't exist yet and until it does, it doesn't matter. I was born premature, and I can certainly say that few people would even opt for an abortion if the pregnancy could be handled outside of the woman's body. That would be almost a utopian idea for infertile couples. &gt;Government funded healthcare is not better than private healthcare. In Canada and Europe wait times are far longer and terminal illness survival rates are lower than here in the US. Also they practice extremely unethical practices that such as telling companies that they will accept a price that would put the company at a loss and if they don't accept then they can't do business or they will send men with guns to force them to keep prices low. The US is the main source of medical research and production of we went the route of universal health then medical technology would stagnate. All of these claims are right wing talking points and have been severely debunked already. Wait times are for elective procedures, not urgent care. If you need care, you get it right away. Not to mention, is waiting for care better than not getting it at all if you don't have the money? Absolutely. Terminal illness rate are certainly not lower. The US doesn't even rank in the top 10 in terms of quality of care. You're gonna seriously make the case for ethics by saying that a company being forced to offer a product at a reasonable price rather than gouging the consumer for whatever outrageous price they want is unethical, but not giving people healthcare is ethical? Seriously? &gt;Well I wish colleges would stop hiring so many office workers and other pointless positions. According to my math professor last summer the reason why the tution keeps going up at my college is because of the constant hiring of pointless positions in order to give the administrators more power when negotiating with the unions for professors and to seem more inclusive. Like why do we need a center for LGBTQ Pride? What happened to the whole arguement that it is none of your business what people do in their bedrooms?. It depends on the school as to why specifically tuition is being raised. My school recently bought a nightclub that no one asked for and is raising tuition cost by $1000. My friends and I protested against it. I'm not gonna defend bad decisions by administrators or unions. &gt;If you study and work hard you can overcome poor public education. You can find numerous success stories. I also support vouchers for charter ad private schools since they are more effective. That's just such a misleading statement. Must because there have been individual anecdotes of a few people overcoming all of their obstacles doesn't mean it's feasible or even likely that the majority of people can do it. Why expect them to overcome such hardship when we could make it easy for everyone and we would end up with a better educated population that's better qualified for better paying jobs? You could make the same argument for children who managed to survive in the wild without their parents. Does that mean everyone should be expected to do that? No, that's crazy. Private and Charter schools tend to have better outcomes because they are better funded, not because they are better by their nature. You know what country has the best public education in the world? Finland, where they don't even have private schools. They just actually invest in public education and the results are tremendous. That literally flies in the face of what you believe. &gt;https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/small%20arm a small is any handheld weapon. Also an AR-15 is significantly less powerful than your average hunting rifle. The second amendment point was to make sure the people had the weapons necessary to protect their lives and liberty from a tyrannical government or foreign invader. Like I said, I think it's fine if you want to own an AR-15 even if you didn't have a right to one. But just so you know, that actually wasn't the original purpose of the second amendment. It's nice to think that the founders sought to protect every individual citizen's right to protect themselves, but the second amendment was actually a concession to Virginia so that they could have armed slave patrols on their northern border. This is pretty obvious once you look into the history of the second amendment. That being said, I 100% support the right of the proletariat to own guns if the state and it's military are as armed to the teeth as we are.
Shit, you're right. I had no idea, just heard a few tracks on Spotify that I liked. Why is every up and coming rapper a piece of shit? Like I don't idolize them but I wish people who made good music didn't make such stupid decisions. Like I can't listen to Brockhampton without cringing at Ameer Vann's verses now.
Citizens United had nothing to do with freedom of speech or censorship, it was about corporations having human rights and being able to donate as much as they want to political campaigns. I don't believe in censorship. If your convictions infringe upon the rights of other people, I don't believe you are entitled to all convictions. If the government were to force me to go against my convictions in the process of forcing me to service someone I disliked, I would not challenge it. Carbon taxes are not extreme, there the most economical sound way to disincentivize fossil fuels without banning them. I've never heard a single person argue that people should be forced to drive electric cars, but I do think that gas cars will become obsolete eventually. I don't think solar and wind are unreliable and I think it's incredibly naive to say so. I have no issue with nuclear energy, unfortunately we can't seem to invest in fusion as too many people are afraid that it could lead to nuclear technology being proliferated in a way that could lead to rouge states developing nuclear weapons. The Paris agreement was non-binding so we wouldn't have to follow through with any terms that weren't in our best interest anyways. If anything, it was just symbolic of all countries recognizing the threat of climate change. China and India are currently taking steps to meet renewable energy goals that we aren't even shooting for. You don't just tax the 1%, you raise taxes by a small amount on everyone and almost everyone else's cost burden nets down. You could do it simply through reallocating funds from out massive overinflated military budget. You say we can't afford these things but the military gets a blank check to fight offensive wars for the benefit of defense contractors. Do we really need 900 military bases around the world? You can only raise your own kid and deal with your own family. There is no public policy that helps take care of people other than taking care of them. If you're not opposed to giving money to people who need it, why are you so opposed to giving people the bare necessities? Even right wing economists like Milton Friedman have suggested the idea of a negative income tax to offset the cost of those living in poverty and agree it would be necessary for such a thing in a capitalist society. Planned Parenthood does help people, it provided by girlfriend with birth control which she couldn't afford on her own. None of the public money that they receive goes toward abortions, just women's health care. If there is no mandated amount, then someone who gives nothing to charity is just a moral as someone who gives everything and that makes no sense. You have to have some sort of objective standard. Charity is not more effective than government, I'm sorry but that's not even conjecture. Countries that provide strong social welfare systems have less poverty and a healthier population with greater social mobility. Did you know Canada has greater social mobility than the US now? You know what country ranks highest in happiness? Denmark, along with many other Nordic social democracies. Those countries are not socialist by the way, there capitalist and pretty much a neoliberal pipe dream. It's not socialist, mutualism is essentially capitalism without capitalists. You still have free markets, free trade and money, but all transactions are mutually beneficial and all workers receive the mutual benefit of their work. All authoritarian systems are inherently evil, but nothing about socialism (i.e. workers owning the means of production rather than free-loading capitalists) is inherently evil. Many regimes have cloaked their rise to power under the guise of socialism to advance their own interests, not to help the common people. The philosophy of Jesus Christ has often been cited as an example of socialist teachings before socialism even existed in theory. The idea is that "stealing" from the rich is justified because the poor should have never been poor in the first place if the fruits of their labor hadn't been stolen from them. They're simply stealing back what they earned. If it weren't for private property rights, capitalists would have no justification for benefiting of the work of others while providing nothing in return. Poverty exists because of capitalism. Capitalism exists for the purpose of separating humanity into classes that war against one another for power until they are killed. Charity can not address the root problems of poverty ever, but take credit for solving them, thus becoming part of the problem. It's like if you had to wear a band-aid that stopped the pain of a wound but never caused it to heal. The band-aid manufacturer would tell you that the band-aid is the only thing that will make it heal one day, but it never actually happens. It's just an excuse to sell band-aids. Just like how wealthy capitalists have convinced you that capitalism is good for you even though it's hurting you right now.
remove the open, it should just be the ID 1HyDZ_-sSof5CAuvzhuhixSQGAvvkgqdJ to work with the extension
I just looked that site and even Alexandria Ocasio Cortez was donated $6 by Comcast. That's incredible considering she despises them and my not even realize. I bet she'd give it back.
I had two responses to these but they got deleted accidentally before I submitted them thanks to my shitty mobile app and I don't have time to retype it all, so here's a quick summary. Citizens United had far reaching implications that giving money is a form of protected political speech and that the first amendment protections somehow extend to political campaigns donations. This is lunacy and was a far greater example of judicial activism than anything in recent history yet here you are defending it. Denying people service does harm them. If we lived in a world without anti-discrimination protections, there would still be widespread discrimination. I should have to explain to you the classic example of an African American family having their car break down in the deep South. People who refuse to acknowledge the flaws of capitalism like to deify it to point of insinuating that it can protect minorities simply by existing. It would be incredibly wrong of me to deny service to anyone based on their religion. I'm aware that the capitalist free market only cares about profit, that's why I'm not a capitalist. You're telling me that if a law was passed that stopped you from having to pay more money for a private service and instead pay less money for a public service that was equal or greater in quality that you and everyone else needed, you would have a problem with that despite the sheer practicality? That's pretty rigid thinking, I know libertarians go big on the whole "taxation is theft" narrative (I know I used to believe it) but sheesh, give it a rest. No one wants to raise taxes considerably on people like you or even regular people, just people and business that literally cheat the entire system by storing their money overseas or abusing the system through loopholes. Businesses pay a historically low percentage of the actual tax burden and many of the wealthiest companies in the country pay literally nothing in federal income tax. If you were an individual, you'd be prosecuted for tax evasion, but when you're a large company you get deals on repatriation? It's a racket. Most people don't live in areas with extreme conditions and electric cars will undoubtedly become more powerful if not as powerful as combustion engines in the future, so it's a bit of a moot point. There's nothing "proven" about solar and wind being uncompetitive when the technology hasn't even been adopted on a large enough scale to truly compete at all. I've read about Thorium, but from what I've heard it's only real applications thus far are military equipment that wouldn't need to be charged and deep space exploration. I don't think the military is unimportant, but just because the net effect of having one that is so large and intimidating that it scares other countries into not being imperialist is not a justification for being imperialist ourselves. You're screaming about entitlements costing more than defence when in a sane world, paying for what people need makes a lot more sense than paying for wars when we're not attacked. Our military should not be a vanguard for the entire world, but which side are you truly on when you make that point? And there isn't really anything different about taking money from people who already have plenty and giving to people who have nothing for things that they need than charity, except that the people lucky enough to receive charity should not be better off than the ones that don't. No one is gonna try to raise your taxes on the left if you're struggling to make ends meet, they want to help you out man. As I said, abortion prior to viability is not killing a human being. Even if it was murder, it wouldn't be genocide btw since it's not killing for the purpose of getting rid of a group of people. I don't know where you live, but condoms are not $1.25. they're over $3 for a three pack, which means it's more than a dollar for each time one is used. I don't know about you, but many people who don't make a lot of money enjoy sex to help them get through their lives happily. Abstinence is entirely viable for people who don't enjoy sex, but for those who do it's about as effective as saying that the solution to people eating too much is to make them starve. Has trying to encourage people to work against their natural impulses worked well in the past? It's about as effective as telling a gay person to stop being gay. Also, fun fact: religion is not a part of history and the Virgin birth myth predates human history by a long shot. Much of Jesus' story was ripped off from Mithras, a God worshiped by the Roman empire. If you want to be a Christian and not ignorant of the vast majority of other religions that Christianity appropriated from to solidify it's popularity, I suggest you read about it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesus_in_comparative_mythology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miraculous_births Why does the race of those countries matter to you? Only white countries can have nice things? Or "homogeneous societies" as some on the alt right say? They spend less on those benefits per capitalism and we spend more. Even if we couldn't do it well at a federal level (which we could), we have 50 states that could all run comparable systems if done properly. Actually, most Europeans are appalled and shocked at the lack of modern infrastructure, out healthcare system, our education system, our lack of workers rights and so on. Capitalism is not the reason stuff gets made, labor is. Stop loathing yourself for God's sake, can you not see how capitalism oppresses you to the point you don't even view your own self worth as of equal or greater value than some asshole with capital (imaginary value) who does no labor (tangible value) and tells you what to do. If we had a gift economy rather than a free market economy, the economy would never crash as a result of greed. The "risk" only exists with capital, which is not tangible outside of capitalism. They don't deserve more than you just because they gamed the system through laws like private property rights that ever expand to expand their own power. Longer hours doing what? Laboring? No! Did Jeff Bezos labor enough in his measly existence to earn $100 billion dollars through actually working that hard? Not even possible. You claim taxation as theft but fail to see how capitalism literally steals the fruits of labor from laborers? I mean dude, I'm not even a Christian but even I know that Jesus didn't say anything about charging people for things they needed. Did he demand payment before performing miracles? Healing the sick? Feeding the hungry? I think not. What of those that do not I'm interested Christ? You don't seem to believe in forcing them to do so while defending their every right to profit off of the backs of others. You really know nothing of the real world if you think even the majority of poor people are poor because of anything that has to do with them and not the society that they were born into. If you were born as a serf who had to serve a feudal Lord, I would hope that you wouldn't encourage all the other serfs to enjoy their miserable existence because to do otherwise would be a "bad decision". As if even making bad decisions means one deserves to live in poverty, how compassionate. Also, original sin is stupid and doesn't exist. Stop trying to make people feel bad for being human just to make them subservient. Learn the difference between private property and personal property before you accuse me of being okay with stealing. No one is asking for equality of all things, but you're not even in favor a true meritocracy. Equality of outcome probably isn't even possible, but the fact you don't agree that society should strive to give people who don't have a shot, a shot at life is astounding. I'm actually banned from /r/LateStageCapitalism but that is for assuming I'm some sort of SJW commiwannabe. /r/COMPLETEANARCHY is where it's at.
&gt;Genetically white people on average have a higher IQ than African and Hispanic people, couple that with the part about living in a Western style of government for all of modern history and you get a society that is much better educated and well off given that have less demand and resources and the members of their countries are more productive. The US is incomparable because of our racial diversity, our history of having to turn frontier into cities, and the racist history of the democratic party against minorities. You do know there's something called political realignment right? You do know that the GOP ran the southern strategy for decades right? I've never met a single Hispanic person in my life who has fallen for such "racial realist" garbage in my life. Do you hate yourself? You think white people are just smarter than everyone else? Are you a white Hispanic? See if the Neo-Nazis are accepting Hispanic members, I'll wait. You're saying diversity = lower average IQ than white countries = bad. I don't know where you learned all this shit from but it's a sad state of affairs that people are still falling for the "scientific racism" that that been debunked since the 19th Century.
The finest snake oil salesman in the land
It doesn't say that in the rules
The word damn is not abusive, especially in the context of Damn straight. Are you trolling? Cuz that is actually against the rules. &gt;abusive /əˈbjuːsɪv/ adjective using harsh and insulting language
Alright Mr. "no swearing on my timeline this is a Christian Minecraft server" mod. Didn't realize that a word that's not even censored by the FCC on network tv is "abusive language". Did you come a mod just to busybody adults for using adult language? Like if your a mod make statement with all the other mods that no swearing is allowed ever and put it in clearly in the sidebar.
Imagine what life you must have to live to spend your free time as a mod threatening to ban people over the word damn in a politics sub. Like literally one of the other mods is named /u/ClassyAnalViolator Is that vulgar or abusive? Can the other mods be really cool for once and un-mod this guy, he's really trippin.
BIG SHOT ^Hol' up, word
The kid was not convicted, but even if he was, shooting at someone and not killing them does not carry the death penalty anywhere in the US. You shoot at someone who is running away, you aren't fearing for your life or protecting others. It's disgusted by that you think a 17 year old kid "belonged in the dirt" even if he was guilty.
No, I wouldn't because I'm not a psychopath who believes in state sanctioned murder by pigs. He didn't shoot up a house, the driver shot at another dude who shot back. No one deserves to be shot in the back, certainly not a 17 year old AP student who was unarmed and innocent until proven guilty.
My doggo is also named Snickers!
Looks like they're gonna drop Surrender as a free DL.
That's the only one that ever leaked. Some people have Signal but it hasn't leaked except in tiny snippets. The Dan Sena remix of it leaked though.
GOP - Grand Old Psychopaths
Potentially, sure. It's also possible he had no idea what he was getting himself into. Like I said, even in public opinion innocent until proven guilty should be respected. Not to mention, he didn't kill anyone.
&gt;You don't just slip and fall into that kind of crowd. I really wish people would stop justifying criminal scum just because they're black. Not true. Teens get into cars all the time without realizing who they're dealing with. That may be the very reason he ran. The fact that you're assuming he was the shooter and hence "criminal scum" is atrocious considering he is innocent until proven guilty. If he was white, the situation would be just as bad. The fact that he's black just adds to the reality that it was far less likely he would've been shot if he were white. It doesn't matter where he was going, you're implying that anyone who runs from the cops should be suspected as a murder who would knowing target running civilians as he was evading police. That's preposterous. He was actually an AP student and an "excellent student" as the superintendent of the school district put it. The evidence as it stands makes a good case for wrong place at the wrong time. If the officer did not observe a clear and present danger of them visibly threatening to shoot another civilian as they were running away (which they didn't), there is no serious justification for this state sanctioned murder.
Did you not read the article? The kid was NOT a murder. The person who's was shot at earlier did not even get shot. Not to mention he was 17 and would not have gotten the death penalty in any state. You wouldn't even know for sure if you had the right guy until a trial, that's why cops are not supposed to be judge, jury and executioner.
Yes, it is fucking unreasonable. A shooting suspect that does not brandish a weapon (he didn't) should not assumed to be armed by default and certainly not a life threatening danger to anyone unless they aim or shoot at someone. You don't shoot at someone in the back, ever. There is no reason to believe that he was presenting a threat of death to anyone when he was RUNNING AWAY without a gun. How hard is this to understand?
He was not proven to be the perpetrator at that time, not to mention he didn't kill anyone. You flee the police, you're trying to get away, not stop and get yourself into more trouble.
No, we have a few love rips of those songs being played live though. The studio version of Equinox can be heard in a demo of FOTY.
&gt;So you have someone willing to be involved in a drive-by shooting and willing to run from police, is it really a stretch to think he might be willing to shoot to evade the police? It doesn't matter, you don't shoot someone because they MIGHT do it, you shoot them if they ARE doing it or about to do it such as aiming a gun. Anything less is throwing due process out the window, especially when the kid was not proven guilty. &gt;Thats entire point of the Supreme Court ruling it is lawful to use deadly force on fleeing felons who pose a threat to the public. Its why they can have high-speed pursuits and shoot the robbery suspect who claims to have a bomb or gun. The suspects did not claim to have a bomb or gun and even what they were accused of was an isolated incident. They weren't terrorists for fucks sake. They did not have reason to believe that he was a deadly threat to the public when all he did was flee. &gt;How do they know he is running without a gun? How do you know he's running with a gun? Once again you're saying police should operate on assumptions they don't have evidence for. All they had evidence for at the time was that the car they were in had been shot at. That would've been probable cause to search the vehicle, not a license to kill as they run away.
Search for em on YouTube.
Of course it's reasonable in that scenario, but that's NOT what happened. He didn't point a gun at a cop and the cop shot him anyway. That's the fucking outrage. If he had even pulled a gun out I would've said it was justified, but it WASN'T.
&gt;&gt;He was not proven to be the perpetrator at that time, The laws governing use of force in defense of self, defense of others, and against fleeing felony suspects do not rely on absolute "proof". The operative standard is "reasonable belief". There was reasonable belief that he had just participated in a murder attempt, and that he would continue his spree unless stopped immediately. Um, no. It is not assumed that when someone attempts murder on one person that they are suddenly on a wild killing spree and need to be shot dead at the first chance. If the police officer did not observe him to be armed, there's no reasonable belief to think he would just shoot someone else, it makes no sense. The officers in question should have changed them, either on foot or in a vehicle. If they caught up to him and he pulled out a gun, they could've gunned him down then and there, but not when they did. &gt;not to mention he didn't kill anyone. The laws governing use of force in defense of self, defense of others, and against fleeing felony suspects do not require that the subject have actually killed anyone. These laws only require that a person reasonably believe that there is a threat of death or serious bodily harm, and they only allow lethal force where necessary to and that reasonably perceived threat. It is perfectly reasonable to believe a person who has just participated in an attempted murder is fleeing the police as a means to continue his rampage, not just avoid justice.
Whatever "belief" that there was that he was a threat to public safety was not just cause to murder him. If the law gives police that much power, they shouldn't have it. Literally every police murder could be justified with "BUT THE COP THOUGHT HE WAS DANGEROUS THO!!!!". You shoot someone in the back who's not aiming at you, you're a fucking pig. End of story.
&gt;poses a threat to the safety of the officers He didn't, he was running away. &gt;a danger to the community if left at large. Not enough evidence to fit this either. There was no evidence that would suggest he would kill more people. If he was suspected of terrorism and the police had evidence that he had clear intentions to kill more people, it would perhaps fit these guidelines. It doesn't, however.
You're basically saying they had probable cause to have probable cause. At what point is that standard just bullshit conjecture meant to erode our constitutional rights? The point is that in this instance they should not have had the right to kill the boy, whether they had case law to back them up is a separate issue entirely.
Can't believe no one posted the relevant SpongeBob episode
Rulings can be overturned or simply ruled that they do not apply in cases where the circumstances are different. It will be taken to court and I hope that the officers in question are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
The ruling could be overturned tomorrow if the court wanted to. Regardless of whether or not they had justification under the ruling, they didn't HAVE to shoot them as they were running away. I wouldn't be surprised if they just didn't feel like running after them.
No, lethal force should not be authorized under these circumstances and as long as it is, it is an outrage and should be be called what it is: state sanctioned murder.
Same
The emo mix/demo of To Ü, the AlunaGeorge collab.
This me but I relate to almost none of this. I almost feel left out lol. Only "I don't use social media" is relatable.
It is To Ü, that's what I said :p
Get better friends
The fact that I will never have rabbits this cute leaves a permanent void in my heart. I need a hoppy loaf so bad.
Nah, my apartment just doesn't allow rabbits. I'm sure I'll have one someday, it's just gonna take a while.
No it isn't. Joe Crowley literally left congress during a debate on wall street regulation to go fund raise from wall street. He also voted for the Iraq War and the PATRIOT Act. He voted to repeal Glass-Steagal in the 90s and even supported a constitutional amendment to ban flag burning. The old-fashioned, "New Democrat" style is old and toxic. It has no place in the modern democratic party.
Wtf why is Daou woke all the sudden?
What? Are you crazy? The Iraq War was started in 2003, that was only 15 years ago and we're STILL there because of it. You don't just let go supporting an offensive war against a country that didn't attack us that killed MINIMUM 200,000 Iraqi civilians and thousands of US soldiers unnecessarily. That is NOT something to be forgiven and certainly not anything any progressive would have done. Not to mention shredding the 4th amendment with the PATRIOT Act and trying to spread the first amendment with banning flag burning.
Many people saw through the likes at the time, but the establishment went along with it anyway. Even if Saddam had WMDs, there was no reason to believe he was going to use them on us. Every Democrat who voted for the Iraq War is as much to blame for it's consequences as the Republicans. The New Democrats turned the party into a center-right, corporatist, neoliberal pro-war party with people like Joe Crowley. He deserved being unseated by someone who ran as the antithesis to that.
I for one welcome Daou as a conrad
Pools is also Nick Leng too. Hope they release the pools stuff.
Wtf is with him dropping tracks on his SC with no DL or buy. Like I'd pay for these tracks but we're cursed with 128 mp3s :(
One is wearing a collar.
Nah, she'll be 35 by November 2024 and you only need to be 35 by Inauguration Day actually.
But Wes said they're gonna do more Jack U after the Skrillex album drops?
I think they meant Bandcamp streaming which is also 128kbs mp3s
For chains like Sheetz, I'm sure it's store policy. Local head shops and such have never carded me.
I'm pretty sure it's the same if you rip it.
This is sick, but doesn't the Goin' Down Mix really fit here? This is DnB, not trap at all. Edit: calm down yall, I don't have issues with stuff that isn't strictly trap being posted. I just found it ironic that there were two Skrillex remixes of this song, one DnB and one Trap (which ended up having a huge legacy and impact, especially with Wild For The Night) and its the DnB one that gets the spotlight in a Trap sub.
I mean, that's cool. I don't think I deserve downvotes tho. I really love both remixes, I just found it a little ironic that the Goin Hard mix is the "throwback" in a Trap sub when the Goin Down remix arguably helped kick off Trap as a mainstream subgenre of EDM. I'm not saying there has to be strict rules about what's posted and what's not, this just felt like an April fool's day thing that should've been coordinated with /r/DrumandBass posting the trap one or something.
Same, I think.
HS guidance councilors are the WORST
Tiny hand, baby hand makes it sound creepy
Shit, u gud
Typo or mistranslation, but they mean the Kingdom Hearts collab "Face Your Fears" that's coming out January 14th.
Don't think so, couldn't find anything about either of those things except that she likes Assange. I think you may be confusing her with Jenny McCarthy.
A lot of them weren't neutral for me, I just really didn't know the answers. Like, how would you actually know unless you were faced with what they asked! Otherwise, you're just saying what you THINK which could be totally opposite from how you are.
yep
They claim they are CGI composite images, same for video.
Street art, not really graffiti.
LH4L's side might have all the rights to it, since it's a remix of his song. Even though it was made with stems, it wasn't made with the intention of being released so there was no commission to be paid.
Nah, there was an earlier demo that leaked too. It was the one that 12th Planet played before it came out, had extra vocals.
It doesn't work that way. Because it's a remix, Sonny's has no rights to a derivative work unless LH4L explicitly gave him the rights. Since it was only a semi-official remix, that kinda means LH4L could do whatever he wants. The original artist always has more rights to a remix than the remixer, unless the rights to the original song are transfered to that artist or the song is public domain. I'm sure he asked Sonny's permission, he prolly just said it was fine.
Quite a few demos fro SAT 1 were streamed but not put on the Drafts CD.
We have the legit of that
It is a real movie, been reported on by multiple sites and is apparently casted with most of the people from Titans. Filming finished in Sept but no release date as of yet. The working title was "The Instar Emergence" and these were the only two plot summaries made public: Cicada 3301 is based on the real secret society of the same name, it centers on a genius with a troubled past who disappears after stumbling upon their elaborate recruitment game. A hacker finds himself the target of the United States government after he participates in the Cicada 3301 online puzzle. Could be a laugh, but prolly just Hollywood garbage.
Does anyone wonder if this movie could provoke a Cicada response, as with the Planned Parenthood fiasco?
It says Matt + Travis tho, no Sonny unless it's a surprise appearance.
Again, as I said I think LH4L may be releasing this without Skrillex's consent.
Ping Pong has been updated and will certainly be on the next album tho
skrong boye bring big sticc
Only time will tell, as her constituents just make sure to hold her feet to the fire over any and all house votes.
**ＣＡＮＣＥＬ ＶＣＵ ＦＩＮＡＬＳ**
Reminds me of that item in Bloodborne that everyone thought was an easter egg but did nothing.
Nah, he was verified previously and active on other subs. Unless somebody hacked his account but then w/b the Insta posts?
When Delaware gets the hookup before Kevin books Virginia to make up for cancelling.
/r/madlads
The version that got canceled but was gonna get released (this one) was exactly the same as the DJ tool version that leaked except the siren in the intro was shortened to remove Damian Marley's voice from the intro. LH4L was apparently trying to release it without Skrillex's consent and had artwork done for it, it was gonna be released on the 13th but Skrill's team put a stop to it since it's an unfinished remix that was never meant for release.
&gt;Is there a reason this just came back up? &gt;*The Tennessee Supreme Court ruled last week that Brown must serve 51 years before she’s eligible for parole.*
Well, he did. That was the reasoning for why he thought he could release it. The reason for it not getting release probably had to do with the fact that Skrillex would've gotten no royalties from a remix he made and that used his name, so it was open for litigation for other reasons.
Is there a sub for memes from the future?
Yeah, IDK. Prolly just wanted to have an official Skrillex release of his song since it'd be good for publicity but not asking for permission is pretty shitty.
The person who's selling physical copies has no affiliation whatsoever with 3301. Should be kinda obvious lol.
Bifrost protector bun
&gt;but wavs are superior to flac Not at all, unless you're talking about 24bit WAVs compared to 16bit FLACs, but you can have 24bit FLACs too.
True, but uncompressed WAVs are ungodly large in file size. That's kinda the point of FLAC, same quality but a lot more manageable. And I mean, you can always just use ALAC which is a lot more compatible.
How do you own copyright to an edit of someone else's unreleased material?
That's a big oof chief and a little more than hitting on u.
Bruh, who TF isn't serious about that shit.
Is this /r/INTP or /r/socialanxiety cuz I'm starting to wonder if I'm in the right place.
Sure, but without a licence I hope you realize you don't have any legal rights to it at all.
Well color me surprised but I appear to be the only comrade here. I didn't expect INTPs to be so many libertarians and enlightened centrist folks.
They didn't make any money off that dance though, as it was the default one that came with the free game. The Carlton one was actually sold for money.
The military and political experts that Trump surrounds himself with are all neocon warhawks that would never tell Trump to leave any foreign country we've intervened in even if ISIS was wiped from the face of the Earth. It might not be perfect, but it's a far cry better than s Illegally engaging in military interventions without the consent of Congress or the UN.
Where's the "I fucking love cocaine!" bear image macro from the 2000s?
&gt;Too bad their communist government Oh please, China hasn't even been the bad kind of communist since the 1970s. They've done market reforms and are, for all intents and purposes, state capitalists. Overwhelmingly totalitarian sure, no respect for freedom of expression, but the same could be said for any authoritarian government.
Idk why ppl keep downvoting YouTube Vanced. Even if you don't have a rooted phone, as long as you install MicroG, it works perfectly for blocking ads and background playback.
I know, I'm very supervised they allow any sort of western influence at all domestically, but I assume it's to appear like we're all friends.
For context: This demo was given to me a long time ago. I don't even remember who it was, but they also had a copy of the studio version of Signal (only clips of which have leaked besides the Dan Sena Remix) which leads me to believe this is legitimate. As many of you may know, many early Skrillex songs were reworked versions of, or sampled older Sonny songs, like All I Ask Of You which was originally a Blood Monkeys song (you can hear part of Sonny's original vocals sampled in it, as well as in With You Friends.), First of the Year which used parts of Equinox (especially in the demo), Needed Change and Slats which used Signal, and Leaving which used Copaface. I believe a vocal version of this song exists as well, which I believe was sampled for some vocal chops in the released version along with Ellie's vocals. I wasn't really supposed to share this with anyone, but I found it laying around in my Dropbox after cleaning it out and thought I'd share. Couldn't remember if I'd already shared this either so apologies if everyone already has this.
For context: This demo was given to me by someone a long time ago (I don't even remember who) who had access to quite a few unreleased Sonny tracks, which leads me to believe that it is indeed legitimate. As many of you already know, Sonny is known for recycling old melodies and stems from his old band days and using them for Skrillex tracks, like he did with All I Ask of You, With You Friends, FOTY, Slats, Needed Change, and Leaving just to name a few. I believe a vocal version of this demo also likely exists that was the source of the chopped Sonny vocals heard in the 2011 version. I was given this in confidence and only rediscovered it after cleaning out my old Dropbox folders. I figured there's likely no harm in sharing it at this point in 2018 so enjoy!
I posted a lengthy explanation below.
Had you not heard this? I assumed you of all people would've been prolly the only other person to have it with you running the game on the mothership back in the day lol.
I think at some point way back when they both used to be parts of the same song. I remember hearing a live rip of a super early demo of Summit (even earlier than the incomplete one that leaked on that famous CD) which had parts of With You, Friends in it. He also plays mashups of the two more recently I think. Funny though, I actually didn't recognize the riffs in this demo after all the time until you pointed them out, very subtle indeed.
Treats for Christmas hopefully? Lol Hope that copy of Signal turns up one day hopefully, along with you know what.
I found it, luckily I had it saved on YT. https://youtu.be/15F0wXDesT4 You can hear the WYF chops at 1:30 and 3:49, as well as parts around 2:08 and 4:26 that sound a lot like 2:09 in the demo I posted. Maybe someone could remake this?
I think you're right about the vocals too, prolly didn't even rerecord them.
While you're right about Kobalt being the publisher, I believe in reality OWSLA is actually just an imprint label for Atlantic and WMG and isn't really as indie as it likes to appear.
Prolly Puppy, Promises remix, all the Crazy VIPs, Dog Blood stuff, his co-productions.
P.s. they're liberals not communists ffs
P.s. they're not actually leftists
This is it, chief.
Mark Meadows is a special kind of American stupid.
Someone is working on it.
Not from me, but we'll see I guess.
✌️
You can forget probably, just look at his record in Iraq.
Oh, way more than this. But this is from a collection of tracks he made before he was even really Skrillex. The Skrillex stuff will probably all see the light of day one day, but this? I have a feeling it might all stay lost forever. Who knows if Sonny even still has hard drives of this stuff.
&gt;I'm not saying he didn't want to go to war, but it's one thing to want to go to war for the right reasons. Not to mention, when we went to war we did so with an actual declaration and overwhelming support.
Pushing for war for the sake of pushing for war is hawkish. Pushing for war after another country has declared war on you is different.
Yeah, I knew about the Atlantic drama. It's a bit of a touchy subject which is why Sonny doesn't like talking about it, or any of his band stuff really. I get it too, the stuff he did with his band was really experimental and different especially for the time. Still a shame that nothing from that era came out except Ghpsyhook EP tho.
Nah because outside of Jouvert, Weight and New Orleans iridescence is hit or miss and every potential song from Puppy was fucking fire.
I thought they were called Pokeys and were from SMW?
Yeah, I know they're not only in SMW. I just those got that was the original game they were from and everything else was kind of a cameo.
No, they're literally just better songs. They spent months working on the tracks from Puppy, they only spent a week on Iridescence. Iridescence is impressive for what it is and would've been a great mixtape or something, but it's lackluster compared to both the Saturation series and Puppy, even just the five or so tracks that we heard in full.
She's at a doggo resort while my sister is home for the holidays, but I'm sure they'll be giving her lots of head pats ☺️
I didn't say it only had three solid songs, I said outside of those three songs it's HIT or MISS, which it is. I like every song on each Saturation album enough to listen over and over again, and I felt the same way about all 6 Puppy tracks we heard in full, as well as the snippets which were all 1-2 minutes. Iridescence isn't full of bangers and most tracks don't even have solid hooks, even Kevin acknowledged this. Yes it was experimental, and sometimes the experiments didn't pan out. It was an obvious and abrupt change in style where as Puppy felt like the natural evolution of the Saturation sound. Just because it's personal and experimental doesn't make it good. Like I said, it's impressive in it's own way, but this idea that people only view Puppy as superior b/c it didn't come out and not because clearly more time and effort were put into each song that was crafted is utter horseshit.
Fuck no, US has like no consumer protection laws cuz FREEDUM!
I think he started smoking it regularly when he started hanging out with Diplo for Jack U. Dip talked about smoking at Sonny's place when they were working on the album. Also know he smoked a ton of weed during the Blood Monkey days, there's a really old picture of him on tour with a joint so long it looked like a straw lol.
He looks just like that meme of Patrick Star with he ice cream on his face.
You're correct!
This is pretty bizzare. When I was 16 in the same position, I went to CVS thinking something like this would happen and it never did. The cashier making any sort of comment is pretty unprofessional, but that old lady can go fuck herself. I would've just ignored her or said mind your business.
I would've loved Puppy 100% without any Ameer whatsoever. The instruments and lyrics were just better, but people are sentimental about Iridescence b/c that's what came out after waiting so long for the album.
Man, I was gonna comment this 😠
I never said it wasn't a good album, I think it is a good album and listen to it frequently. It just wasn't as good as Puppy would've been. Period. Much like how SWTOR isn't as good as KOTOR 3 would've been and the Ghostbusters reboot was a lot worse than the script for the unproduced third movie.
They don't beat the combo of HEAT, GOLD and STAR on Sat I, but they're pretty good.
Chief, I'd split before they run you out of this town.
It kinda sucks tho b/c this version is unfinished so it doesn't have the Ellie samples or that cool reversed kick/snap part. @BeingGross on insta recorded a video of Sonny playing an updated version back in April so hopefully this sees the light of day. Also, this is like leaksmas v4 we've been doing these for a while.
You're welcome
I doubt it. Jurassic was only passed between Dog Blood. The Imagination remxies got corrupted except for Jauz's remake which could easily leak and maybe Alvin Risk and KP could leak the remaining Goin In remixes but IDK how.
&gt;also for how long have u had this? Can't say, but it's not recent or anything. It's even older than the version he played live once. He made it one night before a show, sent it to Ellie and then added some vocals she recorded for her album. He then added those vocals and played that version, and a few years later Ellie played an even more updated version on a minimix she did for Valentine's Day.
Merry Xmas
Ehh, I mean AIAOY 3 hour rmx was only played once and that leaked. This track was passed to Ellie which is prolly how it leaked.
Old track from 2011, made for Ellie and only played live once. The version played live had vocals sampled from Figure 8 before it came out. Ellie later dropped a more finished version in a guest mix she did on BBC. An even more finished version was previewed on insta back in April.
From Figure 8, off her album Halcyon.
Much like the other one, I forgot I even had it.
https://dbr.ee/b1fe
Like 6 remixes lol, not including the DB one
Lmaooooo
Shit sorry, someone sent it to me without me listening to it
Only KP have that I think
I have the clip of it on my desktop I'll send in a bit
Thought you were an OG lol, it's ancient. From late 2011 I believe. Only played live once.
I See Monstas, yeah.
Lol it is, I have like 5 folders just called cleanup.
Hard to hear with how short that clip is. I hope we could make some cool mashes with this.
Try "Siri, take me to the *best* Best Buy in RVA" and report back.
Yeah, some vocals are from Hanging On and some are from Figure 8.
I posted this exact same one to /u/PimpinPedo yesterday and he said it was a remake lol
Not a remake, demos often sound "cheaper" than the finished product because someone elements are just placeholders that aren't refined until later. Take the demo of Kyoto for instance, the lead in that sounds like a cheap imitation of the lead in the final b/c it hadn't been tuned up. I'm pretty sure the 2014 version of this song was made a bit later than this 2011 version which is why it sounds better.
That first one is never leaking, Skrillex doesn't even have it anymore. Best you're gonna get is the two Spitfya remakes. That Sicko Mode one might tho.
Not worth it and not much you can do. The game will be out eventually and we'll have it.
Beatport is region locked sometimes so if you're from another region it won't even show up.
Sy Shortstack is just the preset that he actually used for this song. He used a similar preset for the lead in Cinema.
Lmao yeah Arizona Sunshine can be scary, especially in the mine shaft.
Reminds me of [this](https://imgur.com/r9JD0Uy.jpg)
Add ending the wars, common sense gun safety laws and a Green New Deal and you've got the best 2020 platform ever.
&gt;Firstly, please stop the hyperbolic “we’re fucked forever” talk. We aren’t unless some great war breaks out which it likely will not. Not true. If RBG dies during his tenure in office, we'll have a LEGIT far-right majority on the supreme court without even Roberts to step in and do the right thing for the next 30+ years.
Except the shop is closing so you don't even have the opportunity to buy it anymore. Also, you're assuming that the person in question would have ended up buying it if pirating weren't an option. It's blaming hypothetical losses on hypothetical gains.
I recently found a massive collection of all items from the shop (Like WiiWare, Virtual Console and DLC) https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B7vPmuZfN3snMU0zYlBXSWVhOUE
I know, and my later point still stands. You aren't depriving anyone of anything when there's no guarantee that someone *would have* bought something if they couldn't pirate it.
&gt;Actually, that's not true. The only time digital piracy fails to deprive someone of money for their product is if there is a *guarantee* that the person would not have bought it had piracy not been an option. It's not depriving them of money even without a guarantee because you're assuming they would have bought it as a default. Even if you can't guarantee that they wouldn't have bought it, it's a hypothetical loss, not a real one. It's just as much as hypothetical loss as any customer that you "lost" because you didn't convince them to buy the product. They're blaming hypothetical losses on hypothetical gains when there is always uncertainty that a pirate WOULD HAVE bought it if they had no other choice. Honestly I don't have statistics, but from my anecdotal experience most people who pirate are people who can't afford the cost, especially when every AAA game is $60 b/c the industry refuses to compete in the realm of prices. Not to mention, we're talking about intangible digital goods here. If you had a replicator from Star Trek, do you think a frying pan company should be up in arms because you made a copy of your friend's pan instead of buying one from the store. This is not selling copies mind you, just making a personal copy. &gt;If there is even a chance that the person might have bought it otherwise, there is reason for the creator to feel as though they've probably been stolen from. Not stolen, comparing stealing and piracy is apple and oranges. Stealing involves taking away something someone *already* has and giving it to yourself, not something they hypothetically could *get* in different circumstances. &gt;No one can always tell what they would do in a different circumstance. Which is why them being upset about hypothetical losses is stupid.
https://youtu.be/1-TP8ep6vOI
Pop writing session/idea. Don't think they ever found an artist for it. The singer is prolly a cowriter, kinda like how Julia Michaels did the vocals for JB'S sorry before he sang them. They even used a clip of her voice for the "oo-ooh" riff.
It's not her. Compare it to the clip of the Sorry demo on Twitter.
You can lock in any orientation if you get Rotation Control on Google Play.
An outtake from SAT II released on the Saturation Drafts CD.
I brought up Skrilmo in a Daily thread not too long ago and no one remembered what I was talking about lmao
I have the drum stem for Make It Bun Dem? Not sure if it was included in the pack or if ppl just phase inverted the stems against the WAV master but I have it.
Nah man, there was a whole ass future bass drop to Rawhide (as well as it's own vocals) in a different rip. That version was much better.
Yeah it was a whole ass side project, prolly his first Skrillex side project if you consider Twipz a Sonny side project.
Sociology represent
Nah, it wasn't remade. I listened to it and it's exactly the same, even has the vocals very faintly in one section which shows it was made from phase inversion https://mega.nz/#!eYkBiRIb!RvX_vxXfJXDC0ppeXKUpemINBGgdoSMd3aJ6EH_fnyM
https://soundcloud.com/iamdilettaunt/shine-ur-light Had a friend help me out with finishing this one. I'm really into finding cool breaks and manipulating vocal samples. My main inspirations are J Dilla and 9th Wonder, especially on this track. Will give legit feedback for any replies.
In that version, was Kreia not Darth Traya?
I didn't think it was possible for two Sith to have the same name?
You're telling me there was a bootleg Darth Revan named Reven? What was this from?
It's was exclusive tour merch from Stereo Spirit, which was cancelled after the first two shows and the merch was never released outside of those shows. It's all super rare af. We have a picture of all the merch designs somewhere.
They better do a tour with the same locations as Stereo Spirit, I got cheated :(
Nice hood rat
What?!? Really? I could sworn they canned all the Puppy merch after Boston Calling. I know they had some new SAT III merch mixed with it, but I never saw it again.
Shit. What about the hand drawn Joba with the lyrics to SISTER? Always wanted that one.
Skrillex only made pop music for other artists on their releases, not really on his own. The new Dog Blood EP is super fresh and his singles and remixes have had a lot of variety.
Literally all of those songs are from 2012 lol. That was when he WAS good.
Lowkey bro, there's a 50/50 chance that you're a narcissist or sociopath if you really thought it was a good idea to comment that.
Shit, I need to find one
https://soundcloud.com/thecatmen_alv/boys-noize-midnight-dog-blood-remix-the-batch-remake
There's this remake too https://soundcloud.com/thecatmen_alv/boys-noize-midnight-dog-blood-remix-the-batch-remake
/u/raiderofawesome Do you happen to remember?
THANK YOU!
Gimme
Shame it wasn't Lothe, I liked her. Rodman is alright tho.
USA? Dude it was like 1000 people in Virginia. We got a long way to go.
*WHAT ARE THE RULES FOR BREAKFAST TODAY*
&gt;Non-American here. If you only need around 1500 votes to win a primary, why aren't all of you participating in them constantly? You need a lot more than that in most districts, unless it's a rural area in which case there aren't enough of us. Lower population tends to be more conservative.
I don't know details outside of VA, but it depends on the state.
Whatever it was, it wasn't an official music video. It may have been an unofficial one, or footage just edited over the song. The song was used in an uncharted trailer, along with the Bare Noize Remix.
☭☭☭
Ukelele I think, not banjo
Or YouTube++ for iPhone.
ACAB
Recast Uncle Ruckus with Kanye.
https://twitter.com/dril/status/473265809079693312?s=19
Doesn't work well for the inventory. Would be great if we could get a mod or something that emulated the terraria-endorsed game pads.
Fuck Hillary Clinton
So it isn't a new snippet, it's from PUPPY and prolly won't be released.
I'd be 100% fine with Puppy being released as a limited edition drafts CD extra on a TBYOOL boxset completely unmastered even if it meant getting no demos from any of the other 3 albums. At the very least, the songs that were teased on Insta. PUPPY just can't be the BH version of Detox.
That tree is actually from BH's 2015 era, you can see it in the Music Video for DIRT.
[Here's the official Sugar cover](https://imgur.com/KdcJobU.jpg)
Maybe a VPN?
/r/nonononoyes
The album has been announced, where have you been? Edit: the ALBUM, not the name. Has no one been on Instagram? "Album5 coming soon", "album5 almost done out summer". The date not being announced is not the same as the album not being announced.
Instagram announcements don't count? Or are you talking about the title?
IDK, he's a big JBP fan. On his personal FB he used to whine a lot about being persecuted for being a white guy.
Because they're connected. A lot of JBP fans believe horrible shit they learn from him, and a lot of them are incels too.
Of course that's stupid, but the fact that it doesn't have a date doesn't mean it hasn't been announced.
They *announced* that they are making an album, outside of not announcing the title or the exact date (which they likely have both but are keeping a secret like SAT era), that is at least a TYPE of announcement, correct?
No but an announcement that they're almost done with the album is an announcement.
Of course it hasn't been scrapped, I never said that. I'm not OP.
ZHOO-VAIR
I said should be, *should be*
I know lol
I've heard the fullest version and even if they extend it, it'll have like two members max. It really is best suited for a Rocky project imo.
Kevin played it on IG, where have you been? It's not even finished, but the fullest version that there is is what Kevin played, he said so himself.
No, I meant why are they begged by for it to be released. At the moment, it's still unfinished and sounds a lot like a feature rather than a blowout original to be featured on an album. I would much rather see the demos played in the Longest Summer doc included on the new album over that track. I still want it released, but it would be cool to see the boys get a feature on another artist's release.
Wish you could turn them off too. Some apps use them for skip, forward and back and they go off an accident sometimes for me.
I wrote this a month ago, how would I know what he said in a brand new interview?
Gave u ur vote, bro. It's all good.
This is transcoded from the m4a, here's the source that's better quality dbree dot org/v/d12836
&gt;There's not enough information encoded in a stereo track, especially in a compressed format like mp3, to make a decent sounding acapella with nothing but the mastered track. Not 100% true. If you have an official instrumental, you can sometimes use phase inversion to get a decent DIY Acapella. You can also use an AI based VST like XTRAX Stems or a service like PhonicMind which uses machine learning to separate vocals from the instrumental.
Often, those older songs had official acapellas (and instrumentals) released on their single vinyls or promo vinyls which can be ripped if you own them or can find rips.
Diana was part of PUPPY, it's in the Longest Summer Doc.
I thought /u/TomLube said that the "second drop" was a separate song...
Them bitches look like they're haunted or got some other kind of evil aura.
At leave the Brockhampton boys the fuck out of this. Most aren't bad, just the ones that ALSO happen to be kpop fans.
Wtf is wrong or stereotypical about girls liking PC Music or UK Grime lmao
Huh? You don't get a paddling for CBD in VA, where have you been? I have a billboard for CBD right outside my apartment window. It's sold everywhere.
&gt;I remember visiting Colorado when it was the only legal state at the time. WA also legalized at the same time
Yeah, let's go back to the endless lists of Hawks who wanna make Syria the 53rd state, along with Iraq and Afghanistan. Isn't Empire wayyyy better than diplomacy with bad guys?
The middle ground approach is bad, and almost always leads to war. It was never independently verified that Assad did the attack, in fact the UN investigators couldn't even make it to the sites before the US sent strikes that got rid of any and all evidence. Maybe try not believing the US Defense Department propaganda machine without doing some research first. Even worst case scenario that you're right, diplomacy with horrendous people is far better than more endless war. I'd rather make peace with NK and any other "official US baddie" knowing full well what they have done than do more regime change wars.
In my experience, services like PhonicMind have yielded results even when VSTs like RX7 and MashTactic have failed miserably. You can also occasionally phase invert instrumental sections over vocals sections of the same master if the waveforms are close enough, it's worked for me.
&gt;And yet you post Assad apologist talking points. The rojova would exist today without US help by the way. I told you, I would be happy to see his head on a stick. If that doesn't tell you that I'm not an apologist, sympathizer or whatever other term you feel like using, you're not listening. The Civil War began without U.S. involvement, Rojava is strong and will continue to be strong with or without U.S. support. &gt;The UN just got around to classifying the wholesale slaughter and ethnic cleansing of Muslims in Myanmar as genocide after it was already 90% over. It is way too slow. And Russia and China could shoot down any possible solution anyway. Maybe form a coalition of countries that aren’t authoritarian? Of course the coalition shouldn't be authoritarian, it should be U.S. allies but not just the ones that we can strongarm into doing everything we want when we want it. The UN might be slow, but that doesn't mean the U.S. gets to disregard the sovereignty of other nations on their own. &gt;And the Netherlands wanted war too? And the rest of the UN? Do you seriously think the US wanted to embarrass itself? It wasn't as embarrassing as it was a terrific justification to trot out military strikes. "Limited strikes" is just a fluff term for illegally bombing other countries that haven't attacked us AND we haven't declared war against.
To be fair, she says in this interview that M4A under Bernie's plan wouldn't entirely eliminate private insurance because it would still allow for that to cover supplemental care, which is true and even Bernie acknowledged this in the debate. She even corrects the interviewer and says that you won't be able to keep your own private insurance except for supplemental, and that you'll otherwise be covered by M4A. I don't really see anything wrong with this and it's not the same backtrack that she did in January. I think a lot of times people get confused over these terms because M4A really just makes private insurance obselete outside of supplemental care and *effectively* abolishes it, certainly the way it is run now, but not technically in it's entirety.
I don't know if this is really true tho. IIRC most single payer countries still allow for private insurance to cover cosmetics.
If they have any power, sure. But I don't really see how a neutered company could have any sway to make public healthcare worse. I thought a lot of the NHS problems were due to the conservatives privatizing aspects over time. Is that what you're concerned about? That even if we get M4A, aspects of healthcare will be privatized slowly, like chipping away at it?
Bangarang is Moombah tempo, but the drum pattern isn't Moombah at all.
But what's the solution then? Because even if we extend M4A to include covering cosmetic stuff, how can we stop private insurance from offering that. I agree with banning it outright in principle, but that seems a lot harder to both implement and convince people. M4A is attacked a lot for "banning private insurance" and I always thought explaining how it's not technically banning it would help deflect from a lot of that criticism. But I don't really know what's best to be honest, I just kinda trust Bernie's judgement on being okay with supplemental insurance.
I know what Moombahcore is lol, used to be a big fan. But the heart of all moombah music is the drum pattern, much more so than just 100-110 bpm tempo, which a lot of music has. To me, it's really just electro house at a uniquely slow tempo.
I don't think it's really moombah without the drum pattern.
Also straight up teaching the value of always working backwards from your conclusion.
Bunfire
They showed the making of that song in the Longest Summer doc, I'll always wish for a release.
3000 IQ move
