I met a redditor from an antique land Who said: "A vast and pointless post of shit Stands in /r/Card'nals . . . Near them, on the post, Half sunk, a shattered Bravo lies, whose frown, And wrinkled lip, and sneer of cold command, Tell that its sculptor well those passions read Which yet survive, stamped on these lifeless things, The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed: And on the pedestal these words appear: 'My name is /u/1859, poster of shit: Look on my shame, ye users, and despair!' Nothing beside remains. Round the decay Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare The lone and level comments stretch far away."
Basically, but through my arm. Much like OP, my muscle enzyme levels were above 71000, and according to the nephrologist the normal level is around 250. That's way too much for your kidneys to handle, so they flood your system just to dilute things for the ole filter beans. The IV is a good idea, because that's both way too much water to drink, and the doctors want a steady, measured dose of water. Mentally, it was weird to internalize that such a damaging condition is fixed by a mundane, boring sit in the hospital. I was away from home when it happened, and spending four days in a rural hospital with a box TV from the 80s gave the whole stay this Twilight Zone effect.
Heh, I heard that a few times afterwards. In fitness, rhabdo mostly occurs in former athletes who overdo it when getting back into the gym (me), and there appears to be a higher incidence in the Crossfit community as well. It's pretty rare. Once I was cleared to run and lift again, I was initially timid, but two years later I don't even worry about it anymore.
We can and have actually measured the amount of carbon dioxide that has been added to the atmosphere due to the burning of fossil fuels. This has to do with measuring the ratio of carbon-12 and carbon-13 in the atmosphere. Via ice cores and tree rings, we can build a comprehensive history of this ratio going back nearly a million years. [This link](http://www.realclimate.org/index.php/archives/2004/12/how-do-we-know-that-recent-cosub2sub-increases-are-due-to-human-activities-updated/) explains far better than I can, and with cited sources. Notably: &gt; CO2 produced from burning fossil fuels or burning forests has quite a different isotopic composition from CO2 in the atmosphere. This is because plants have a preference for the lighter isotopes (12C vs. 13C); thus they have lower 13C/12C ratios. Since fossil fuels are ultimately derived from ancient plants, plants and fossil fuels all have roughly the same 13C/12C ratio – about 2% lower than that of the atmosphere. As CO2 from these materials is released into, and mixes with, the atmosphere, the average 13C/12C ratio of the atmosphere decreases. &gt; In addition to the data from tree rings, there are also of measurements of the 13C/12C ratio in the CO2 trapped in ice cores. The tree ring and ice core data both show that the total change in the 13C/12C ratio of the atmosphere since 1850 is about 0.15%. This sounds very small but is actually very large relative to natural variability. The results show that the full glacial-to-interglacial change in 13C/12C of the atmosphere — which took many thousand years — was about 0.03%, or about 5 times less than that observed in the last 150 years.
We may possibly get swept by the Dodgers tonight, but a good Cubs dig is salve in the wound
I might love ~~you~~ /u/studoggery for capturing this moment But u 2
He's reigned himself in on the mound (which is a good thing), but his antics in the dugout have continued without skipping a beat
What are your favorite TV show opening themes? You don't have to pick just one, because I can't. Mine are: * Mad Men * Golden Girls * The Wonder Years (the original Joe Cocker intro, of course)
House of Cards is so good. I shamefully haven't watched the other two yet
After a certain age, pitchers have to switch up their strategy to remain viable in the league. Waino's strategy was simple, if unconventional: "I'm just gonna step up to the plate and fuckin' rake."
Lol I guess the 9th inning would be an ideal time to do that, at least
/u/bravo_delta Looks like a spam account, as well
All the mighty wind in Chicago is blowing inwards to Wrigley, to fill the incredible void on the Cubbies' scorecards left in the wake of Lance Lynn's performance today. Blank, like the expressions of the day drunks in the bleacher seats. Zero, like how much of this game I'll be able to hear at work today. Chicago is doing their best to shake him, but they might as well be worrying a stone. Do you think Lynn has never peed in a trough before? He went to school in Mississippi, for Christ's sake! Heckle him about his weight? This is the man who just kept Lou Malnati's lights on for the next 50 years, as part of his pre-game warm-up. Be grateful for the privilege, you North Side schmucks! As part of his pre-series research, Lynn pulled up the files on the best teams in Chicago, for some light reading during his post-pizza poop. At the top was the White Sox, followed by every Little League team in Cook County. Then he wiped with the Cubs' sheet at the bottom of the stack, and hit the mound. Let's sweep the Cubs at Wrigley for the first time since 2016!
I hated it when it was first released, and I still don't like the yellow highlighting around the logo, but it's grown on me a bit. I can't see myself replacing my hat with the old script-style M on it. Probably because I'm a "too-cool" Memphian who wants to associate the city with more than just Graceland and Beale Street, I'm sure. Objectively, it's a nice and fairly unique logo
He's still working for us on the inside
Lol drive-by Cubs downvote squad is already making rounds
Wut. All rules are suggested and voted on by the community and revised every off-season
Fair enough. The way I see it is that relevant headlines and editorials are on the front page for that quick glance you're looking for. That said, I'm ~~no power user but I'm a fairly regular poster there~~ probably definitely a power user, so I have that bias going for me. There's no one right way to do things
Not much, just out here dealing with James Buchanan and thinking about a war between the states
#AIN'T NO SPEED LIKE YADI SPEED, BECAUSE SPEED IS NOT WHAT YADI DO
[I've made it!](https://media.giphy.com/media/NkrOvD1r38O3K/giphy.gif) You're right, though.
/r/motorcitykitties
The Library Of Congress digital photo archive might be a good place to start, although I'm not sure how good their scans are
24/7 rally nudity is what this team needs right now
How I had to do this was edit the config file so that Rocket League's resolution matched that of both of my monitors combined. When you use horizontal splitscreen, each player gets their own screen at native resolution, but the score and clock are split in the middle
Michael Maronna, aka Big Pete from The Adventures Of Pete &amp; Pete
Put me in, coach
This has been such a depressing run of games
Back in the boonies again this week :( I may never play an online game again, at this rate
This has been Microsoft's strategy from the beginning. Not dropping support for Linux directly, that's just a casualty along the way. It's hard to monetize a game that's so easily modded. They'll be killing the heart of the Minecraft community in the name of microtransactions and profit. I stopped playing when Microsoft bought Mojang, after playing almost daily since Alpha. I love Mojang, and that makes it that much harder to see the direction that Minecraft is being led in.
I'd love to congratulate you if the C++ version does make its way to Linux, I can't really speak for the Windows 7 crowd. If not, like I said original Minecraft is solid already, and I'm sure that mods could take care of future developments if worst comes to worst. Thanks for the friendly dialog!
They don't need to monetize it. But it'd be terrible business not to. Literally the largest player base of all time, and even if only a small fraction of them are willing to pay microtransactions, Microsoft are well on their way to breaking even on that $2.5 billion down payment. They bought Mojang to make money and to tie their name to an entire generation of gamers, and there's nothing wrong with those motivations.
Same
#I HAVE WITNESSED THE GATORADE BATH. A SUGARY BAPTISM OF ELECTROLYTES.
Hot take ^
Has anyone ever been so far as to have been more to like Mo did?
I know that dunking on the Orioles has been all the rage lately, but this series really has been a fun watch
Joe Rogan just released a 3 hour conversation with a younger member of the Phelps family who got out. I'm not even much of Rogan listener, but the woman was extremely articulate and just downright fascinating. So many lingering conflicted emotions, coming out of a childhood of getting raised on hate like that. For a positive spin, your church is probably doing something right for Westboro to "protest" there
Can someone fake a limp, Tim? Are athletes actors? Please, tell me again
That was beautiful! Talk about timing!
No :( The radar is clearing up in STL though
Always a great choice
Go time!
But everyone knows that Mountain Time isn't a real time zone
Put this strike zone on an envelope, and you could legally ship it anywhere in the US Not that I'm complaining
* I've played Catan twice now, and really enjoyed it * Risk, with Mexican Standoff rules * Hearts, partially because the eponymous section of Hearts In Atlantis is some of my favorite writing of all time, but mostly because I love the strategy of it. * Cards Against Humanity * Monopoly. #ThymbleLyfe
Do you even know where you are, bot? *Do you not know what happens to bots around here?*
Throwing myself to the wolves here... * The Immigrant Song is poorly mixed/recorded. No matter what speaker I hear it from and from what source, it sounds like a 2nd gen cassette copy. The HTWWW version is a godsend in that regard. * Zeppelin would've broken up by 1982 even if Bonzo had survived. Page+Bonham, Jonesy, and Plant were musically heading in 3 separate directions.
Fact.
In the original version of this game, the dugout was using guns
If you're a St Louisian, /r/YodelsDidTheMath
He's actually the captain of that pyramid. The pioneers used to ride these babies for miles!
#&lt;3
Happy 2018 ya party birds!
Happy New Year, Ken Bone! &lt;3
I started out on BaconReader, but Sync is my jam
That would be perfect
Hearing Bill gush about Chappelle is awesome. He's not often so openly complimentary, it seems
I also like to have a phone that lasts 3 years, and after looking over my options recently I decided to throw in on the 5T. The value for dollar is unbeatable. I can charge my phone for the entire day while I'm showering and making breakfast in the morning, instead of religiously hooking it up before bed every night. And that charge lasts the entire day. For longevity, I'm concerned about the battery not being removable. Easily swapping batteries is what made my old S4 last as long as it did. But as I'm using my 5T now, if I end up with 50% battery capacity when it's on its deathbed, I'll still be able to use it an entire day without charging. And then I'll still have Dash charge for a quick boost. I'm still in my early days on the OnePlus brand, but my first impressions around here is that the most jaded users are the loudest. OnePlus may not be perfect, but they've really knocked it out of the park with this phone. In my opinion, unless you get a great deal on the S8, you're getting a better value out of the 5T. That's my two cents, anyway.
Rocket League is low key the best multiplayer game of all time. @me
What an amazing reply. Not too often that reading about kernel development gives me the warm and fuzzies
Budweiser can be found at most major gas stations and your local bars, although I wouldn't recommend it
+ **OS:** Xubuntu 17.10 + **Wallpapers**: They're in the album! + **GTK**: Greybird (Xubuntu default) + **Icons**: Elementary Dark + **Dock**: Plank Edit: Some extra deets that aren't clear from the screenshots. My desktop is pretty keyboard-driven, but I like to keep the basic luxuries for when typing things is just too much. Synapse is what I use to launch all my applications, manage my session, etc. Guake is a Ctrl+Space away for my terminal needs. My panel for clock and notifications floats over my windows, so I'm not wasting any screen real estate with my arguably superfluous titlebars. I used to use Compiz with this setup, simply because I could use a keyboard shortcut to move my windows between screens - But I've become lazy, and xfwm4 is good enough. Thanks for stopping by, /r/unixporn, keep posting those sexy desktops! Edit Part Deux: [Bonus pics of my laptop setup in 2014](http://imgur.com/a/i7N4C)
As both a wallpaper and mountain enthusiast, I've always loved that background. If I remember right, that's Annapurna
That's awesome. I loved him for his time with the Sox, good to hear that he's just as good in his time off the field
And PC please. It's ridiculous that everyone can't play an MLB game like this on the platform of their choice. We all love baseball!
I feel like you're reading too much into a kind gesture from a guy who's going through a difficult time
I looked at the top comment and was like, "oh hey, I know that guy"
I just decided to give it a try after seeing some and remembering this comment. It's not something I would actively seek out, but it's good. The taste was brighter than expected at first, then mellowed out to an earthy red. There's more to it than I'd expect from a lager, more to taste than even Yuengling. Kind of grassy aftertaste that lingers a bit. In short, I'm actually impressed. AB needs to expand outside of macro lagers more often, if this is any indication.
Ay no problem. I found it at the Citgo on the corner of Union and East Parkway. They also have Guinness Foreign Extra Stout there right now, which is a very rare find
It can't. I downloaded Google's own Messages app, which looks very similar but can handle group texts
Bravo Bot is back on the vodka again
Right? Thunderthief has some killer instrumentals. And I suppose we can toss Them Crooked Vultures into the mix as well
The polar vortex is the real asshole this week
Huh. That's a really interesting hypothesis.
He's so good, the perfect straight man to handle Mike Shannon's shenanigans. There aren't many radio broadcasters that paint a picture for the listener like he does. So much better than our TV team
Going on a date with a Cubs fan, because YOLO
At least she's used to not getting rings, amirite
I'm a Cardinals fan who also watches the White Sox, I'm pretty sure I've already established myself as Baseball Hitler to a Cubs fan lol
Just when I thought I couldn't dislike Cruz any more
This is my memory too. Too many lives taken too soon.
The 5T is my first non-Samsung smartphone, and its incredible. There are legitimate complaints about OnePlus, but they tend to get so blown out of proportion by this sub that its tough to catch signal from the noise.
[Twitter] is my favorite source, he's posting 24/7 and highly opinionated
A lot of people stuck around but made new accounts, tbf Edit: I'm showing up for the 2018 season as /u/eighteen59
Remember that one guy? Fuck that guy. You're cool, tho
For sure. Half marathons and Tough Mudders leave me not wanting to leave my couch for a couple days
That's actually my major complaint with the OnePlus 5T, coming from a Galaxy phone. The motor in this thing is straight ass. Loud, and with zero subtlety compared to my old S4. It's pretty unfortunate.
The ghosts of Earnestine And Hazel's occasionally play flag football in its misty blue light. If you listen closely you can hear Glenn Miller music and creaking mattresses above the sounds of passing traffic
Accidentally leaving in code from a shared beta codebase isn't surprising. Especially code that specifically excludes sensitive data from being sent. A dude starting a witch hunt by posting false info *is* a recipe for bad press, however. There have been legitimate controversies regarding OnePlus that are better deserving of your outrage, but this isn't one of them in my opinion.
The synth has *not* aged well. I love the rhythm section too much to say no, though
We're gonna need to add another layer to sabermetrics to account for atmospheric differences at game time, in collaboration with the National Weather Service. This is the only solution that makes sense. If you observe Larry Walker's BAAFBP (Batting Average Adjusted For Barometric Pressure), he was still a remarkable hitter - close to or better than contemporaneous BAAFBP numbers in the Hall. That said, he had the benefit of a high total Cloud Albedo and low Blue Sky Percentage during his at bats, which weakens his hitting argument but adds credence to his glove. I dunno man. I'd say he's at least good enough for The Weather Channel to name a winter storm after him.
[Soon.](https://i.imgur.com/FxpClB4.jpg)
I think I have a pretty complete collection in the sidebar of /r/Yodelsdidthemath. I think we're past 70 now lol
Pretty sure I just gave you 255 new upvotes
Hey OP. I can tell you're new to PC gaming, but I think your honest quest for game recommendations is overshadowed by your somewhat hostile-sounding post. I'd suggest, as a newcomer, a few good single player games to get your feet wet. Jumping straight into competitive multiplayer would burn out anyone. I'd try: * Portal 1 and Portal 2 * Half-Life 2 * Wolfenstein: The New Order * Hotline Miami * The Grand Theft Auto series * Metro 2033 * Superhot
Nothing beats the homemade stuff in a glass-glass-glass made of glass. [Thumbs up for lemon bubble.](https://youtu.be/bIRnM6s4GNo)
So true. Not giving in to or embracing those cultural pressures was a big "what if" that I came back to. If any good comes from those losses whatsoever, I think it's certainly highlighted within MLB clubs just how prevalent drunk and reckless driving is in the Dominican Republic.
100% agreed. That's a big chunk of what I meant by personal responsibility.
Ole Ginger Billuminati
"Peeing outdoors is one of the joys of country living that the poets never got around to."
I've found that classic RPGs make for perfect mobile games: the slow pace of play means that touch controls are tolerable (and plays great with a controller, obviously), and you can fast forward through any grindy parts if you wish. I finally beat Earthbound after years of aborted attempts recently, and I loved it
That's less funny than expected. A quiet wake on tap would be such an improvement
I think you put a backslash ahead of the pound sign. \#winning \#winning
Naturally, although we weren't discussing historical Catholicism. I was just offering some clarification on the modern brand, from what I remembered
I can't give away the specifics, but it involves a lot of chicken blood and midnight crossroads
Hello? Yes. I'd like to report a case of theft.
I like how we just retook the lead, and the shot was of Willie doing work on those sunflower seeds
#BRUISED
Bruh.
[THEY CALL ME](https://i.imgur.com/o8SQiIw.jpg)
Lol that's the real truth, of course. Wong is frustrating, because he can make absurd plays with his glove, but can struggle with the routine ones. His bat was so good after spending some time in Memphis on 2016, but he regressed quickly. Frustration with flashes of brilliance is the Wong Way.
Because you haven't switched back to normal reddit
"Throw 100 great innings, and no one bats an eye. But you go and eat one lizard...."
I'm in
Amen.
I follow the Sox regardless, but that win was a little sweeter than usual!
TIL MLB.tv dropped their picture-in-picture feature. Blech.
I wish it was framed a little better, but [that's a gorgeous view](https://imgur.com/6QCf8HM)
And he is exceptionally good at being Tom Hanks
#THAT'S MY GIRL MICHELLE
I have had trouble with Gitlab's website speed in the past week or so, now that you mention it. But the fact that it's open source and packed with features makes up for some (presumed) temporary slowness.
The Butterfly-Watching Effect
Driver 3. Yes, Tanner runs like he has a stick up his ass. Yes, every texture except the cars looked like garbage. Yes, it's glitchier than your average Steam Early Access game. But my God, it was fun to just *experience*. A bush that allowed you to fall through the map. Replays that bear no semblance to what you actually did. Getting spontaneously launched across the map simply by exiting your car. Driver 3 is to video games what The Room was for movies. It hits that "so bad it's good" vibe so perfectly that it's almost hard to believe it wasn't intentional. Couple that with the hilariously obvious paid positive reviews at the time, and you have a comedy of errors that I played for hundreds of hours. I have no regrets.
The cool thing about open source is that anyone can fork it to provide a better alternative. GitLab's community would certainly be better off than GitHub's in this situation, if they felt the need to jump ship
Ya but she's not in Montreal either
Wait, how are we gonna set up the double play now?
#WHEN WILL MICHELLE SHOW UP?
Nope 😊
There's always a bigger fish
#1859's Optimist Corner! * Marp? Marp was good. * I'm starting a double play collection, because this game was dropping them like Pokemon early on. * CarMart was unenthusiastic but average on his returning start. * [There were a pile of hits! Discounted donuts, y'all.] * Unfortunately my heart was broken by the rest of the game and will be on the DL for the foreseeable future. I'm off to the Emerald City to wish for a new one. Fuck my life.
[John Bonham was right... here! ](https://youtu.be/r9-42mu1D9Y)
Joke's on Crossfit, I got rhabdo without it!
Due to optimistically waiting in line at Kroger, I missed that. Damn!
Unless they make significant changes for the release, that's not the case here. The driver is 100% static
Let's win this one for Red!
Um, I've owned it since 2014 and last played it a couple days ago? What are you looking for, exactly?
wtf i love martinez now
No problem! Hope it's a solid release on the PS4
Yeesh. What happened?
Feels bad, man
Was it worth it? Robbing Dex of the out?
The path of the righteous Matt is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is He who, in the name of Yadi and good will, shepherds the rookies through the valley of the darkness, for He is truly his teammate's keeper and the finder of lost rookies. And Yadi will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to steal from and destroy My brothers. And you will know the Carpenter is the Lord when Yadi lays His vengeance upon you. * King Mozeliak Version, Book Of Birds 25:17
Gotta protect those golden balls
"Radar is totally red." Weather god is confirmed a Cincinnati fan. Or maybe a Schoendienst fan.
*nice*
I'd be so happy if this wins
Otter just got... dammed.
Pssh I'm not saying whether it'd be even close to winning. Just saying that in one of these rain delay games, that'd be hilarious. This comment happens every time
That's amazing! I've got the same combination on my luggage!
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars
I'd be so happy if this wins
I'd be so happy if this wins
*nicenice*
Whoa.
RainGate was an inside job
I legit had to check my math several times, because I thought it was odd that no one was closer than 1528. And because beer.
/r/CardinalsConspiracy
Hell yeah! Me neither, but I'll try anything once. They remind me of a lot of the southern Illinois metalcore bands I grew up with ~2006
Whoooo, felt the breeze from that whiff all the way in Memphis
cradnals no.
[Yup!](https://media.giphy.com/media/3oeSAD00YsGzUPTmqA/giphy.gif)
Bruh.
#JEDD! #2018
That's awesome dude!
Ozuna would totally Bogart that shit
#THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT JO-MART, DO YOU WANT A RECEIPT
Kill it with fire
Sure did. I think they measured it from where it hit the upper deck
* The Weakerthans * The White Stripes * Atmosphere * Grouplove * Ben Caplan &amp; The Casual Smokers
/r/CentralILCardinals is dead, but people in this thread might find it useful to find each other and maybe coordinate trips to the ballpark
Holy fuck.
go crags
I can't believe you've done this
[obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETfiUYij5UE)
Feels brown, man.
Dad dropping that 'hang loose' hand sign in flops and a polo. The Bro Life doesn't end when you have kids
Jim Hayes has built a majestic career on awkward conversations
Ken Burns' Baseball, Inning 15: Fortnite Killed Baseball
*"Take Me Out To The Ballgame" plays slowly and sadly in single piano notes in the background. The camera slowly pans from left over a dusty glove, resting heavily on a running Playstation 4.*
That was fucking hilarious. "We just found out they're brother and sister... ......................................................................................................................................................."
HEY NOW
#WHADDA GYORK
Sometimes I forget that reddit with Reddit Enhancement Suite isn't actually the default look of the site. When your website needs a browser extension to make it usable to a sizable chunk of your base, you're probably due for a redesign. The nice thing about OG reddit is that it stays out of your way, and makes the experience entirely about the content. Ads are clearly marked and not obtrusive. And it's flexible enough to allow a huge amount of customization between subreddits. I think the redesign reveals some insecurities in reddit's design team, borrowing way too many cues from more conventional social media sites and undermining what makes reddit unique. * Using a resource-heavy, distracting front-end with lots of useless white space * Increased use of in-line ads that are not immediately recognizable as advertisements * The one-two punch of adding profiles and hiding the ability to sign up without an email account. While I concede that it does have its drawbacks, the pseudo-anonymity of reddit sets it apart. Dismantling that feels like checking a corporate checkbox, not adding to the experience. A redesign is totally necessary, but how reddit approaches it only serves to highlight the growing disconnect between the company's interests and those of its users. Forgive the text wall, I just find this kind of thing interesting.
Fav Zeppelin album, and what do you think is a song of theirs that deserves more love?
1. Rocket League 1. It's a clean tenkeyless mechanical keyboard, that isn't overly "edgy gamer". Looks great!
Man, real Texans can have them back to back. Jealous of y'all
As a fellow man of culture, I too would prefer that everyone walk out to **V A P O R W A V E**
Please take all political discussion to /r/YodelsDidTheMath, thanks
No. But it's actually very easy to set up the merger and keep the old content, unless there's some internal things to work out between the two groups of mods. 1. Remove the ability to submit new posts to /r/led_zeppelin. This can be done in moderation tools. 2. The mods post a sticky at the top of /r/led_zeppelin, explaining the merger and a very visible link to /r/ledzeppelin. Maybe use CSS to make it REALLY visible, if they're feeling fancy. 3. /r/led_zeppelin remains in perpetuity as a read-only archive of all the posts submitted there. 4. Maybe add /r/led_zeppelin to the sidebar here, so newer users can still find the old posts. 4. ??? 6. Profit.
The name has to come from that old Power Thirst YouTube video, right? "WE HAVE FLAVORS LIKE **SHOCKOLATE!**"
We have a long time to wait and not much to go off of, but I'm pretty hype on it! The world looks great, and I think that CDPR can probably pull off FPS combat better than they could with the clunky melee attacks in the Witcher series. I'm keeping my eye on it.
If you just completely disregard the right side of the O, it makes a lowercase e. But it's a stretch. C'mon people, it's clearly a penguin!
It's less pro-Valve and more concern about Microsoft's Store. You don't see people complaining about GOG. The worry with Microsoft is that they use their near-monopoly on PCs to eventually lock gamers into their store and ecosystem. Their PC gaming market has a conflict of interest with their Xbox division, and if they ever snagged a decent portion of the PC gaming crowd, there's nothing stopping them from abusing that power as they see fit. That's not bashing Microsoft, that's just business. I'm right there with you with CDPR and supporting developers directly. A Valve monopoly would be awful. A Microsoft-controlled PC game market would be even worse.
Question for people: what is the laziest pasta u've ever seen?
Don't Met on snek
Booty them home
Couldn't escape the gravitational pull of dat booty
Working on it
[This is really bad but I'm drunk](https://imgur.com/W3zTw2M) Edit: That could've been better timing :/
You know what, snack? U rite.
~~$99.99~~ Double play!
#[MFW](https://media3.giphy.com/media/53wFbxwDYB6Qo/giphy.gif)
#KEEP DOING LAPS
#[MFW we get two](https://media.giphy.com/media/oH26RYTaAevKg/giphy.gif)
The scariest part of that clip is Joe Rogan with hair
#[YOU JUST GOT](https://imgur.com/dnm9IIA)
I love this
It was brief, but it was fun. Thanks for the hospitality, and congrats on the ~~booty~~ win!
Fact
May the basepath rise to meet you May the strikes ever be in your favor May the sun shine warm upon our club May the rain fall soft on Helitech's tarp until we meet again May Yadi ever fuck the Cubs. Amen.
Early Modern English, tho
Damn, where were these Photoshop skills in the Diamondbacks thread last night? We needed this kind of work
The lower the fidelity, the better the experience
I'm so excited for this. Bring El Hombre home!
Walking across a parking lot for lunch feels like tap dancing on the surface of the sun
*Benny Hill theme plays in the background*
Tunisia pls 🇹🇳🇹🇳🇹🇳
Sleep with one eye on your PS4
u wot m8
Rally Downvotes, my dude
Lol didn't recognize it at first
Rally Upvotes engaged
I'm upset by how not-upset I am by that play
&gt; I used to sell peanuts at the ballpark - made half a cent a bag, by the way... &gt; ... Probably still have it in your pocket... WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE
Practice makes perfect
#UNEXPECTED FREE BASEBALL!
#PHAM JUST NEEDED A LITTLE EXTRA FOR THAT HITTING STREAK
Hell yeah, if you look close that's his resume inked on there
Losing Oscar. On field, and one that I witnessed in person? Game 2 of the 2015 NLDS. Jaime Garcia hadn't told the trainers that he was sick, and tried pitching anyway. Chicago put up 5 runs in the second inning, and I watched every miserable moment after that. This team has given me a lot over the years, but part of my liver is still up there in the nosebleeds of Busch.
Still shitting myself, someone help
All you had to do was stop it, man. All you had to do was stop it.
Better to have a tied game than gambling a guaranteed loss
Most of my "controversial" comments were due to my crime of posting in /r/baseball with Cardinals flair lol
And they have a doubleheader today: "Let's lose two!"
I don't have much of a reference, but my phone does ask if I want to not let it run in the background every so often
No, this is just a tribute
Years ago, I didn't want to start New Vegas until I'd finished 3. I've never finished 3. I've never finished 4. Why do I keep buying Bethesda games?
Olmec is my favorite member of the Talking Heads
Green Monkeys had the coolest shirts
In 1959, my grandpa took his girlfriend to Comiskey with a ring in his pocket. He told himself that if Billy Pierce pitched a winner, he'd ask her to marry him, right there in the stands. The Sox lost, but my grandpa proposed anyway. The rest is my family history. My mom married a Cardinals fan and moved to southern Illinois, so I grew up in a bipolar baseball family that came together around a mutual dislike of the Cubs. The garages of my respective grandfathers were alternate universes: one covered in gray and black, and the other red. I lived close enough to St Louis to become a full time Cardinals fan, and put the Sox in my back pocket for a decade. I'm grown man now, several states away from my grandpa's beer collection and framed Tribunes from every game of the 2005 World Series. His health has declined over the past few years, but I know exactly where I can find him on summer nights: in his easy chair, Dos Equis in hand, and complaining in tandem with Hawk about the team that he loves. Since about 2013 or so, I've found myself drawn back to the Sox. With Grandpa in rough shape, I cherish the fact that I can now put on my old black cap and actually talk shop with him about his team. Maybe it's a Midwest thing, I don't know, but I don't get that feeling of identity from football or basketball. The Sox are perseverance, dedication, promise. They're the chip on your shoulder and the bad penny in your pocket. You love them because you couldn't leave them if you tried. They're family.
Did the Mos Eisley Cantina have a grassy knoll? Asking for a friend.
&gt; This release is not the live album that Jimmy Page said would be released this year to celebrate Led Zeppelin’s fiftieth anniversary. We're definitely getting live material outside of HTWWW and TSRTS this year. Hopefully it's something fresh, but Jimmy can be a real tease.
But they do understand that he said it in the middle of a scripted Broadway stage show
First off, the idea of Holland as a closer is fucking dumb (High ERA = disaster), and even as an investment vehicle he's kind of stupid because he doesn't actually represent any trade value because of his time on the DL (in fact, the fact that he's primarily considered to be a future trade piece, albeit a dumb one, makes him less desirable as a player because it incentivizes benching rather than use--and his very weakness as a closer, his choking tendencies, also incentivizes benching). He's basically a gigantic front office circlejerk. Still. Is it possible to get a better reliever by the trade deadline? Because if, like, we could get just a mediocre arm for less, just for the hell of it, then awesome. And if not, then oh well, we're only out a couple prospects.
anyway...asked on another sub I frequent too, they reminded me that Britton is super environmentally-irresponsible (the guy litters in state parks) so I won't.
I miss when this was a curling sub
That's a beautiful signature if nothing else
I was a few weeks from turning 12, listening to KMOX in our backyard. I don't remember crying, just feeling dumbstruck. I've written it before, but I think, in that moment, this very human tragedy was crashing up against my notion of the Olympian heroes I watched on TV. It changed my young worldview, and stuck with me for a long time.
Grab the shotgun, Paw. She'll never race again with an injury like that.
*nice.*
I feel dumb for not understanding the significance of those two numbers until this comment
Same password that's on my ~~luggage~~ front office server!
I'm sorry sir, that factorial is just a little out of range
Nah, I don't give hints! It was a math joke: You put an exclamation point at the end of a number, and it multiples every single number from 1 up until that one. That's a factorial. So for example: 6! == 1 * 2 * 3 * 4 * 5 * 6 = 720 ^(I'm counting your guess as 4321, just to be clear)
As sure as Busch Stadium rises like Olympus above the St Louis streets
He's probably chilling on the roller slides instead of teaching our players how to swing the bat, that jerk
What pitcher isn't looking for his dream catcher?
I'm the downvoter
Huh, I've yet to see that one
Oh! I get both of those, now that you mention it. So obnoxious.
Imagine finally escaping the indoor lamps display, only to be trapped by the hypnotic whirl of washing machines
/r/Cardinals on one computer monitor, MLB.tv on the other
#ozuna: lol
1. Remember all these Step 1s
[everyone right now](https://imgur.com/gallery/TU6zF)
Somewhere out in California, Pujols nods with approval
MFW u wat m8
Sup neighbors. I'm sipping rum and watching baseball. But you know that now. Anyway, how is your night going?
Rosenthal pls
#1859's Optimist Corner! * Literally this game. * Like, did you even watch it? * This game.
I liked him before that, if you can believe it
Got a doozy for you from well over a century ago. I tend to post this about once a year, because it's really that good of a story. TL;DR: Impossible records were set, and Hall Of Famers were made because of a drunken night of debauchery and sex in 1884. On June 7, 1884, ace pitcher Charlie Sweeney set a major league record that would stand for 102 years, when he struck out 19 batters in a single game. After this game, however, arm trouble put him on the bench, putting the bulk of the Providence Grays' innings on the back of Old Hoss Radbourn, who was the Gray's only other pitcher of note. Radbourn complained, and eventually Sweeney was forced to take the mound again. What followed is possibly the most old-timey baseball story in existence. After a game in Woonsocket, Rhode Island, Sweeney got drunk and elected to stay in Woonsocket with a lady friend. Waking the next morning (still drunk) and realizing that he had to start in Providence, he rushed out the door. With an already-tight pitching staff, the Grays had no choice but to put the visibly hammered Sweeney on the mound. They tried to pull him after five effective innings, but Sweeney was having none of it. This was a time where pitching anything less than a complete game brought your very manliness into question. He pitched another two against the wishes of his manager. When again they tried to pull him before the 8th, with the threat of a $50 fine, Sweeney told them to stuff their $50 fine and his whole contract. He walked off the field and watched the rest of the game with a woman in each arm, presumed to be prostitutes. This not only got him kicked off the team, but thrown out of the entire National League. And that only sets up the final twist of the story. With the Grays being extremely understaffed, Old Hoss Radbourn offered to pitch the remaining games of the season for a small pay bump and an exemption from the reserve clause. He started 40 of the remaining 43 games in the season, and won 36 of them. His arm became sore enough that he couldn't raise it over his shoulders, and he had to warm up for hours before gametime just to get the ball to the plate. Just to add to his spectacular feat, Radbourn started and won every single game of the 1884 "World Series". After an incredible 678.2 innings pitched, Radbourn amassed an official 59 wins for the season (sometimes reported as 60), an impossible record that will never be touched. And it's all because a man named Charlie Sweeney got laid on July 21, 1884.
Oddly enough, I just retold the bizarre story of the 1884 Providence Grays in /r/baseball last night. A story that I only discovered after watching that game, when Kluber matched Charlie Sweeney's 19 strikeout game.
Relevant username?
They do have an app: It's called [MiLB First Pitch](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bamnetworks.mobile.android.gameday.milb) on the Google Play Store, and I assume the same for iPhones. Once you sign in with your MiLB account, you can tap the headphones or TV icons in the top right to listen or watch
Same. I like my baseball the way I like Austin, Texas: Weird.
*beep boop* [STL](/r/Cardinals): [Kolten Wong murders a blind man in cold blood](https://streamable.com/rvmkb)
#"SORRY UMP, I'LL TROT A LITTLE SLOWER TO FIRST THIS TIME"
*beep boop /u/TheOppositeOfVegan* [STL](/r/Cardinals): [Martinez's sacrifice golf clap drives in a run](https://streamable.com/999hx)
Yadi was merely inspiration for the sacrifice golf clap
*beep boop /u/blindiii* [STL](/r/Cardinals): [CarMart is bae](https://streamable.com/rr10q)
*beep boop /u/elyasafmunk* [STL](/r/Cardinals): [Everyone's talking about G-Dubz](https://streamable.com/qw72u)
Is this joke named after Nicolas Cage? Because it's... *dead in 60 seconds*.
#TRIPLE + 1
GIMP is good. Turn on "Single Window Mode" in the settings, the UI gets a lot friendlier if you do.
The thumbnail accidentally captures that moment perfectly
Optimism: * Sweeps, in fact, are hard. * We took 2 from the Windians in spectacular fashion! * Let the Cubs not go unfucked.
Seattle to/from Charlotte is oddly enough the flight I've done the most. Can confirm that it's a good airport for a quick drink.
Go to bat
"live fast, die young, leave behind a beautiful ~~corpse~~ comment history". Prophetic last words
/u/MidWest_Surfer [Here's a PDF](http://www.breiner.com/sheldon/papers/Magnetometer%20survey%20for%20buried%20Axle%20in%20St%20Louis%20May,%202007.pdf) study of a guy who claims to have found the Ferris Wheel axle at the intersection of Wydown and Skinker in 2007. Dunno if anyone else followed up on his claims, but it was an interesting read. Why yes, I'm deep down a Google rabbit hole at the moment.
Oops I started down the Ferris Wheel Google rabbit hole and emerged out the other end drunk
Oh good, I thought it was just Memphis's Nextdoor that was like this
I'm at the computer now, you and /u/otterinaustin wanna play soon?
*Ozzie Smith disliked that*
Thanks OP!
Hey, I used to live near that stadium!
"Almost" only counts in horseshoes and Memphis driving
Nantucket, we'll do it live!
Yes, I'd rather he highlight his arm's performance in 2019, rather than literally highlighting his arm
Have I linked [Ben Caplan](https://youtu.be/OoJakk3LTtw) yet? Because I should have.
Ness for life!
Strange shitposters inhabiting web forums are no basis for a system of government
As a drummer: THIS. Also the chorus of Ramble On.
My boredom without baseball is my own worst enemy. I've been checking Twitter a lot this week, and I literally tweet once a year
I just hatched one of those guys from an egg, neat
The [Alliance Of American Football](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alliance_of_American_Football) is another upcoming professional league that checks all the boxes. Memphis is getting a team when the league starts next year
Someday I'll try Imo's and experience that disappointment firsthand. But it's tough to break tradition when I'm back in the land of Casey's pizza...
The Northeast is the only part of the country I haven't visited, so I'm living in blissful pizza ignorance. My SO has lived in Mexico and California though, and she reminds me all the time about Tennessee's sub-par Mexican food. I'm not expecting fine art, I just want to enjoy my molcajete! Edit: That said, Casey's is surprisingly good for something that you find on a gas station warmer
As my Grandpa Lou always said: "If at first you don't succeed, try another stall."
Then I have good news for you!
I've been dreaming again lately, for the first time in years. Logic says it's because I've been getting enough sleep. But my heart knows it's because Goldschmidt has rekindled a hope I'd long thought lost.
Me! ... After Christmas 😣
No Spotify recap for me, because I'm a Pandora caveman. But I've listened to 30 days and 22 hours of podcasts so far this year, so that's something.
Def a Vette. Gotta swap out his Viper with Arizona plates
👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good shildt go౦ԁ sHildt👌 thats ✔ some good👌👌shildt right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good shildt
Gonna see Atmosphere tonight, and I might be getting a new couch. Feeling excited about both is the most late-20s thing ever.
His forearms are worthy
Atmosphere tonight at the New Daisy! Their frontman is one of my all-time favorite rappers, and I've never gotten the chance to see them live. Tonight, that changes.
I've been known to get super edgy at red lights with Panic At The Disco and My Chemical Romance
Both office jobs I've worked have taken off on both Christmas and New Years Eve+Day. Unless you're the IT grunt who has to monitor year-end processes
T-ravs are kryptonite to Poutine Man
I imagine it as a carbs-based version of Crank. Brett Cecil is cursed with an absurdly fast metabolism. On one hand it gives him incredible powers, but on the other he has to be eating all the time. He could live a normal life in Canada, but his terrible secret is harder to manage in a poutine-starved city such as St Louis. Balancing his crime-fighting ways with his day job on the ball field causes both to suffer, which threatens his family's well being. Combine this with a mysterious plot to destroy the City Museum, and suddenly Poutine Man seems to have a lot on his plate... Edit: oop, pitched it to you instead of Marvel
Jar Jar is the key to all of this.
My favorite Austrian indie/trance/acid wub/neo-disco EDM group. They're pretty niche, you probably haven't heard of them
/r/CardinalsConspiracy
"/u/GodMan bats cleanup" is the only bumper sticker I would put on my car
Congrats! That's intense.
Work. Buy Christmas presents. Finish Christmas cards. Stream LEGO: The Hobbit on Twitch until I find out how minifigures can wear the One Ring on their unwieldy plastic claws. Friday.
Xanga dropped all their old content a few years ago. I archived my entries, because I'm a masochist 😎
I buy phones for longevity (my Galaxy S4 had a good four years), and I decided to put my next bet on the 5T. After a year with it, I still consider it to be the peak of OnePlus design thus far. The battery life isn't as insane as it was on release, but I'm still getting a good 7+ hours of screen-on time. I love that it supports my wired and Bluetooth headphones. The notification LED was something I appreciated from my S4, and I was glad to see it here. I'm still using the included screen protector and slim case, and my phone still looks like new. The dash charger means I'm no longer shackled to the wall for hours at a time. The phone's performance itself is stellar. And all for a great price. Drawbacks you may find: * The vibration motor is straight trash. Loud but weak. * The stock camera is passable, but not the greatest. * GPS reception is weak inside buildings, compared to my friends' Samsungs. I've only noticed this when playing Pokémon Go. * I take phone calls with my left ear, and I find that the screen wakes up a LOT while pressed against my cheek. I accidentally mute and hang up on people regularly when not using a headset. Over the course of a year, only the battery life has changed for the worse, and then not badly. It's not a perfect package, but I love it.
Yep, only in buildings. I use the GPS every day for my work commute and to track my runs, and I've never had any outdoor issues in city or rural environments
Dropping the baby penguin off the edge in Super Mario 64. After getting the star, of course.
It's my personal favorite
Voting out III so early. You're all animals! Animals! Edit: Good writeup, OP. Zeppelin III is the most wholesome Zeppelin album. Even the epic Immigrant Song sounds like it could be the imaginings of childhood recess fantasy. Really, only SIBLY deals with more adult themes, and that just happens to be one of the greatest album centerpieces of all time. If Plant described Dancing Days as a song of summer, then LZ3 is the soundtrack of spring. Excuse me, I'm gonna go listen to Tangerine and wallow for a bit.
Pedantic correction from the resident Lance Lynn stan: he's from Indiana, but went to college in Mississippi
That's an interesting take. Do you just prefer the benefits of studio magic, like overdubs, multiple tracks per instrument, etc.? I think I've read that Jimmy didn't consider a studio-recorded song to be finished. It was just a snapshot of where the song was at that given time. Live Zeppelin songs weren't just variations of the studio recording, they made substantial changes - arguably, improvements - to the song structures themselves. To call those a mere trifle, that doesn't strike me as accurate
[Toast? No tortilla chips? ](https://streamable.com/tkar8)
Huh, I never knew it was that easy
LEGO Lord Of The Rings Steam keys are free on Humble Bundle right now, if you're into that sort of thing
Would you believe that I've thought the same thing?
[Is it Christmas?](https://isitchristmas.com/) Survey says yes, so have a very merry one, /r/Cardinals!
The lyrics are a bit too on the nose for my taste, and the studio version is a little restrained. But my God, it kicks you in the teeth live
Gorgeous shells
Today is my one work day between December 22 and January 2. What am I even doing here?
It's kinda nice now that I think about it. I can focus on my work without the guy two cubicles over grunting and giggling at his code, and there's stuff I really need to do. So I'm on reddit instead
That button is broken. You have to claim it from the main gog.com website
It's comfortable in the hand, but I dunno man. The C-stick "nub", asymmetrical Z button, and weird face button layout drags it down for me. Xbone or Switch Pro run circles around it nowadays
Now that I've got a couple days of Smash under my belt, I can definitely see how the game is essentially made for the GameCube controller. Especially why jump is mapped to both X and Y
Unconventional, but I love [London Philharmonic Orchestra's Kashmir](https://youtu.be/40VHWM1dUbU)
Happy busday weekend!
When The Levee Breaks is only a cover in that the words aren't originally Robert's. Every other aspect of the song is an achievement in production, performance, and recording. That gives it equal consideration with the other two in my eyes.
But he's my #1 bb
Synapse is still my go-to application launcher on Xfce
It's gotta be the cereal
Tried that one when I was a kid and we were out of milk. OJ and Cinnamon Toast Crunch. I don't know what I was thinking, but I can still taste that atrocity to this day.
TIL what that random piece of metal is that came with my case
Now that you mention it, it would be a little funny if the Toronto Blue Jays won the World Series again and got an invite to the White House.
Commenting is fine by me, as long as it's not too much work for OP. Maybe put each thread in contest mode too, so comment scores are hidden and their order randomized.
Yes, the law has exceptions for various dash mounts, or even leaving it in your cup holder for navigation. You can only get fined if an officer sees you with a phone unmounted and in your hand Source: [WREG](https://wreg.com/2019/06/06/new-cell-phone-driving-law-goes-into-effect-july-1-in-tennessee/)
That was basically me in high school. I remember getting bummed out because I thought that there was no other music that could move me like Zeppelin, and in that point of my life maybe it was true. I've never left Zeppelin behind, but as I've gotten older my playlist has grown alongside me. There are a lot of talented people in this world who have something to say, and they sound damn good while they're saying it. All that said, I still do shameless Zepathon road trips and runs. That shit's the best!
Lately, I've been listening to a lot of Days N Daze, Pat The Bunny, and The Weakerthans. Other mainstays are the Front Bottoms, Future Kings Of Nowhere, Blind Faith, Grouplove, Atmosphere, White Stripes, The Band, and Gomez. Led Zeppelin is the perfect intersection of a lot of my favorite genres, even if I'm pretty burnt out on classic rock. Delta blues, folk punk, indie rock. Rap is the only outlier I can think of, and even that shares a funk ancestry with Zep's rhythm section.
What are your thoughts on the viability of Ness as a main in each of the Smash games?
Do you remember who opened for them? Any more identifying details? I like trying to dig up events like this, but you're right - it's a tough search. Door To Door looks like it'd be 1987
Just note that progress is ongoing, but very slow. I've been following from the beginning, but after so many years I check in once every few months to see if it's playable yet. [Here](https://youtu.be/HkltJm1lWMc) is a development video from March, to give you an idea of where the game is at
Oh please. They're comedy *firefighters.*
I've never been disappointed at Elwood's, but I'll have to give Wolf River a try
Still my spirit animal &lt;3
I've never been hot on The Rover either
Bron-Yr-Aur is the perfect soundtrack to slow drives through a heavily-wooded countryside. Listening to it puts me in that headspace, every time
If you want meticulously catalogued Zeppelin boots in FLAC, hit up http://thetradersden.org. It's almost entirely torrents, and they expect you to eventually share back at least as much as you download. But it's a solid community for the high quality and low gen stuff
Deny it. Deny, deny, deny. "No that wasn't me, I don't run." If they stop you on a run, pretend you don't know them. Act confused. Warily finger your pepper spray canister if they persist. The wild look in your eye will ward them off well enough at this point. I've found that this is much easier than entertaining my co-workers' friendly small talk with a few pleasant observations about my morning runs
Good timing, I was just considering picking up Project Cars 2 and a wheel.
I would've put IMTOD at the top, but Ten Years Gone is definitely the runner-up for me. I'd be happy to see it win
Gonna be sipping on Woodford Reserve
There are some repeats - No meat, no booze, and no reddit are each convenient ways to reframe my relationship with each. I've found that it's a lot easier for me to abstain from something than to pick up a new habit, so each of those wound up being not as bad as I expected. Some are new (travel, bedtimes, no eating out). As far as P90X goes? I tried it last year, and made some decent progress before I said *fuck this*. But it's a new year, even if Tony Horton's pixely face on the DVDs is as punchable as ever. I'll take it one day at a time, and try not to think about the big picture.
Oh that's great! I was only a couple years removed from college when I bought mine, and was basically off the grid credit-wise at that point. That was definitely a factor when I was buying.
[S T O K E D](https://mobile.twitter.com/jeffpassan/status/1212802625600708614?s=21) Losing Robert to them still stings a little, though. Probably more so in the near future.
Yor: The Hunter From The Future
niko?
The Louis Sachar book, Holes, is an extended metaphor for P90X. On Day 1, the main character is told that the first day of digging holes is the hardest. Then the next day, when he's sore from Day 1, he's told by the same kid that Day 2 is the hardest. Then on Day 3, he's told again that that's the hardest. And so on for the first week. That's basically where I'm at now, using two hands to lift my thermos this morning. Sensei Tony Horton is &gt;!training me to carry an old world mystic's grandson up a mountain!&lt;. ^(&lt;&lt; Holes spoilers)
YouTube Vanced if you're on Android, rooted or unrooted. uBlock Origin on PC. If the video has embedded video ads, hopefully they're a good channel that makes them in 10 second increments so they're easily skippable
It takes a lot for me to cheer for a Nashville team, but I'm with team Titans tonight
[From Here To Utopia - Pat The Bunny](https://youtu.be/-Po1Lg-qpfk)
I have pretty significant social anxiety, and it usually completely disappears during and after a gig. Drumming's really the only thing in my life that can consistently do that for me.
It's like poetry, it rhymes
Long press on each group, click "group info" from the menu. Mute notifications. I still get the notifications, but they're now silent. This works for me on my 5T
Yep, my desktop is totally clean. No icons. Occasionally I put working files there, but they don't last long
No problem! It was fun to find. Here's another write-up about the game: &gt; The Sox are back in first place by five games when Yanks return, and huge crowd witnesses tremendous first inning Mickey Mantle HR to dead centerfield! Sox are in classic "Go-Go" mood, and big argument follows Minoso's attempted steal of home! Despite Sox hustle, Yanks squeak by and win, 3-2.
I hope he assumes that Memphis generally cheers for the Titans, and really leans into it
Bill Burr was incredible last night. He went over his timeslot by about 20 minutes, and a chunk of his set was just good-natured riffing on Memphis. One guy randomly yelled out "TOM BRADY" from the front row, and Bill delivered the Patriots/Titans rant that I was hoping for. Amazing.
That's a reasonable choice, but have you heard of Central BBQ?
Did you pay with PayPal, by any chance? When I flew to Arizona a couple months ago, American never confirmed my reservation, and my payment was stuck in limbo. American customer service said something like, "yeah, it's on the website but PayPal doesn't really work with us." THEN WHY IS IT AN OPTION? Sigh. Had to rebook. At least they had the courtesy to send you an email.
It's amazing how whichever color I chose on their theme slider, it still made my eyes bleed
It made me pull out my DS and replay Advance Wars. I loved Three Houses, as my first Fire Emblem game. Wargroove can't touch either of those series, imo.
Schrodingmo's Balls. They only exist when observed
Solid choice. Cuphead's up there for me
Tomorrow marks 1/3 of the way through January's P90X challenge. It's cool going back through the same routines from last week and observing the first noob gainz at work. Also, less soreness in the morning and more pleasant fatigue. I've dreaded it a couple days, but I haven't missed one so far
Sometimes I look up at the sun and think, *ouch.*
[Vacation Place] 'sconsin [Sausage] Johnson [Chicken] Swanson
Ravelo's sticking around after all. Nice
Late 70s early 80s I think, going off the badge. Mine is still my daily driver, love it!
I bought 2112 not long before I received my first drum set as a kid, and his playing was mind-boggling. RIP to *the* progressive rock drummer and lyricist.
[This guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_Gant?wprov=sfla1)
There's a Steve Winwood banger for every mood. On long road trips, [this version](https://youtu.be/xaBE_Yw5tlo) of Can't Find My Way Home is a 1859 playlist essential
Same, and same
&gt; The offseason always fatigues me so damn much because all anyone does is fight Yeah that's why I prefer to wait until the season starts, when we - Oh.
Thanks, luck is what I need at this point! I'm following a cookbook pretty closely, because I can't eyeball measurements to save my life. I've wrapped it in bacon, and threw in half a cup of Guinness Extra Stout. My best friend's nana makes one with hard boiled eggs cooked into the center, and that's the ultimate goal. But that's a ways off
Wait, we made 1000 comments a minute before midnight?
#WHY AM I SO PROUD OF YOU ALL RIGHT NOW???
Are
My Saturday night beers are in direct conflict with my Sunday P90X habit. Day 12 in the books
Wew lad I picked the wrong afternoon to schedule a string of meetings
Bro. Let's not get crazy here.
Sometimes I wonder how it'd feel to have my school in the National Championship game. And then I remember that I chose the perennial punchline of the SEC, and I'll never have to worry about that becoming a reality.
&gt; Salad Bowl That's legit, though
I stayed up this late not to see LSU win it all, but to hear Coach O's post-game interview. "Lsdflkjds, fjljisefhn, Lousiana, xkfasufhn jlsadfyhhe, suisuprt fdl fsdhfldsfh. Geaux Tigahs."
"GOOD FRIED CHICKEN IS A LAWT LIKE A GOOD FOOTBAWL TEAM. YA GOTTA START WITH THE BASICS AND LAY A GOOD FOUNDATION. QUALITY INGREDIENTS CAN'T STAND ON THEIR OWN, NAW IT'S ALL ABOUT HOW YA MIX EM. IN BOTH DEATH VALLEY AND THE DRIVE THRU, I LIKE TO PICK SIX. GEAUX TIGAHS."
Are trade talks the next thing that Millennials will kill?
[MFW](https://i.imgur.com/z1UjSf3.jpg)
Beginners yoga is frustrating. Of this month's fitness challenge, mindfulness is probably where I need the most work
The world competes, but the highest level of play in the world is the American leagues, so international talent comes to North America to play in the World Series. Also it's just what a newspaper called it in the 1880s, don't overthink it
This might be it for me, too: Game 7, 1926. Rogers Hornsby tags Babe Ruth to catch him attempting to steal second base - what a way for the Cardinals to seal their first championship. If only it had happened at Sportsman Park. The final game of the 1944 Streetcar Series would be awesome, as well
I decided to use 47's Mystery Hat Day giveaway to buy my first classic red Cardinals hat. I can't believe it took me this long
P90X update: tonight was fucking miserable. But I didn't dog it, and another day is in the books. Fuck.
https://streamable.com/sm176
Same! Baseball is the only sport I really follow, so I'll probably be perfectly whelmed by my mystery hat. Hopefully it's something loud and outrageous
My favorite is Smash 64, so I strongly agree
"One Man's Trash..." by Michael Lewis
Of all the words to wake to, The most beautiful are this script: "Good morning Mr '59, Your Mystery Hat has shipped."
[This](https://youtu.be/q5goIKR3X6I) Japanese indie rock song by 0.8Syooogeki. I found it in /r/listentothis around 2016 or so, and I've always loved the energy of the song and its surreal video
Marlins
I did it for years. The flexibility was great, but I could write volumes about the drawbacks. Nowadays I'd rather spare the pajama pants and go into work
Me but Rocket League. I bet Babe Ruth would've double-tap aerialed me in ranked standard back in the day
That's what I'm talking about. I'd prefer PC, but I'll take the Switch as the next best thing.
This thread is bizarre to me, even as a fellow Sox fan. Shoeless Joe knew of the fix, took the money, and kept his mouth shut. His on-field performance during the Series doesn't matter at that point: he was a knowing co-conspirator in a plot to undermine the integrity of professional baseball. Full stop. I'll always admire Shoeless Joe as an athlete, but he blew it.
Yes! I read The Green Mile countless times, and I still think about the characters every so often. Such a great book.
Because it's probably the highest honor that can be given to baseball players who we have emotional connections to?
I've had the incense of my Jeets shrine burning since 2 pm yesterday. Bronx time, of course. I left offerings of gift baskets at its feet in hopes of the unanimous vote that The Captain deserves, but it wasn't to be. The base paths may be routine and predictable, but Jeets moves between them in mysterious ways.
Your namesake warned us about this
My second stint of yoga was way less frustrating than the first. Still a lot of "why am I doing this when I could be doing *this stuff!*" thoughts, but that comes with the territory. Looking forward to resuming that wild P90X life tomorrow
Pic! I'm really enjoying this mystery hat thing
You can consider it to be a compilation, since the songs weren't recorded with the intention of being released together. But the original track listing contains all original songs that had never been officially released, with the exception of a live version of I Can't Quit You Baby
I haven't run Rocket League on Windows in years, but even then all my items carried over. ~~I think your stats (wins/saves/shots on goal) are saved locally though, so those did not~~ Update: looks like career stats may be synced now
It would by that definition! So I'd consider Coda a studio album, even if it's become a dumping ground for additional loose tracks over the years. A lesser album to be sure, but a Led Zeppelin album nevertheless. Edit: clarity
Workout done. I'm fairly certain at this point that I'm stronger than December me, which means I'm now at the approximate fitness level of a 9 year old child
Looks great!
Tonight's workout is done. Time to undo all my hard work with a couple beers!
That's awesome! I'm hoping it'll do something similar for me. I'm a former half marathon runner, but let my fitness lapse after college. P90X has highlighted just how far I've let myself go. Initial soreness aside, I do feel much better going about my day since starting
Jim Hayes understands the podcast format a little better, I think. The Cat Chat is still a little stiff, but Jim gets that. His self-deprecation and relationship with the players are what makes him work.
[This](https://i.imgur.com/9RfBarT.jpg) is my current one for the off-season. /u/SGT_Apone makes awesome monthly schedules, which are my wallpapers during the season
It hasn't made half an orbit, even. Pluto takes 248 years to get around the Sun
Confirmed by LA county sheriffs. Fuck, man.
Hell yeah! I remember you posting his stuff in /r/CardinalsMusic last year
That's what happens when multiple people post their opinions in the same place, yes
I'm a fan. Red Schoendienst spent 74 consecutive years in a major league uniform. Even when he wasn't swinging a bat, he was part of the team. It has no bearing on the game, but I dig it. Also, suits in the dugout weird me out. The umps wear the suits because they're (ostensibly) the adults in the room. Everyone else is playing a game.
I can't wait to watch F11 in full screen
If you don't learn to separate the art from the artist, you're gonna have a bad time as you dig deeper into rock music. And if you don't even like the art, then why are you here?
Pretty sure I've got the Coronavirus. Pray for me fam, and send limes
Man, those are incredible
Left work early to pop ibuprofen and try to sleep this headache off. Blech.
Yep, I've got the flu. Dry cough, fever, shivering, the whole shebang.
Are they that bad?
I have all sorts of trouble with my Xbone controller over Bluetooth. I installed xow earlier today, and for the first time in two years my controller feels like a first class device on Linux. It's awesome how seamless it is.
There's even more on the sidebar of /r/yodelsdidthemath, and it's 2 years out of date
Is it bad that I stopped my Dayquil regimen this morning to make sure I could safely have my last beer until March tonight?
Leaves Of Grass. Life Of Pi, if Uncle Walt doesn't count.
The rise of Linux gaming has been pretty incredible. Since 2012: * Steam released on Linux * Vulkan was introduced, a "close to the metal" low level graphics API. * AMD graphics card drivers matured, with AMD themselves contributing to the open source drivers. AMD went from being a frustrating mess on Linux to the recommended choice of graphics cards. * The DXVK project translated DirectX calls to Vulkan on the fly, bringing many Windows games close to native performance on Linux. * Lutris took all the hassle out of managing Wine (the Windows compatibility layer in Linux). Many Windows games suddenly became a one-click install with minimal fiddling. * Valve hired the DXVK dev and introduced Proton in 2018, which is their version of Wine and DXVK that's built right into Steam. Suddenly most Windows games were a one click install on Steam, and ran at near-native performance. Some Windows games run even better on Proton than on Windows itself! Personally this was the moment that I stopped dual-booting at all. This is more than I could have ever dreamed of, as a Linux user in early 2012.
[A little positivity from Memphis tonight](https://twitter.com/geoff_calkins/status/1267995931498164230?s=20). Cold chills.
Anyone with IG interested in forwarding my miles this week? I don't have IG, but it'd be awesome for my runs to mean something more this week.
Back in the day, circa 2011, OMG Ubuntu touted the first "Linux-exclusive game". I can't find the article with a quick search, though. It was definitely a gimmick, but it would qualify I guess.
When it's 4 AM on a Saturday night with the boys and you order a Crave Case though? Perfection.
Elsewhere in this thread the maintainer said it's not likely. It's not a kernel driver and it's not written in C
I imagine he'd probably say something like "you're pretty old to be dressed up as Batman, huh?"
Man, KDEConnect really is one of my favorite things. I use the shared copy/paste and easy file transfer all the time
In pre-covid times, I'd say go to your local running store and get recommendations from the staff. If they're legit, they will take a look at your foot and running form and suggest a few shoes for you to try on.
Proud of you, Matthew
Similarly, I was a little confused when I left Illinois and found out that no one else celebrates Casimir Pulaski Day
Woke: Running my first sub-25 minute 5K since 2014. Broke: Still working at 10 pm.
Yikes.
If my internet holds up. Been getting random drops the past few days
New Zealand. Covid-free, and I hear they have hobbits
Carouselambra is rated exactly where it should be, imo. It's [The Epic](https://youtu.be/BuNm0ZcrrtE) that's underrated
Yep! It's a cleaner mix
Rocket League has competitive ranks. Toxicity happens, but each game is 5 minutes, so it's not like you're stuck with a bad teammate for 40 minutes at a time. Turn the opponents' chat off, and play with a teammate you know, and suddenly it's a hell of a lot of fun.
Fun fact, that's how the original Rogue Squadron game was developed. LucasArts decided to expand the first level of Shadows Of The Empire (flying a snowspeeder around the Battle Of Hoth) into a full game
I read the bottom sign as "Think. GOD!" and thought, hey I say that every day to other drivers on 240
[New Pokémon Snap game coming to Switch! ](https://youtu.be/pucnCD_X3dY) X-post /r/CardinalsSwitch
Update: he was pulling our legs
/r/Cubs was already defunded a few years ago. DEFUND /r/CHICUBS!
Apps like Sync For Reddit do
Because playing multiplayer on Linux involved circumventing Destiny 2's anti-cheat, iirc. Which would get you banned on Windows too
They wanted the focus to be on their music, not their relationship status. And siblings is about as boring as it gets
Swap your "God Tier" and "Classic" groups and you basically have mine
Over The Hills And Far Away is my all time favorite Zeppelin song. It might be a *little* good
I prefer Die The Nightmare. It's raw and cathartic.
I laughed back in the day, when friends bought multiple releases of GTA V. Last night I realized that I'm no better than them. I now own Star Wars Episode I Racer on three different platforms, and it's made me take a long look in the mirror.
I can't help myself. It's fun as hell, and being able to play at 60 fps on my Switch is the dream. 12 year old 1859 would give me mad shit for actually using the brakes, rather than slamming into every outside wall LIKE A MAN
I'd rather be listening to the Grammy-Award Winning 1999 hit Smooth by Santana Feat. Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty off the multi-platinum album Supernatural
That's a blistering version of In My Time Of Dying. Michael Lee was having the time of his life up there! Edit: And then they credit his performance to Jason Bonham at the end lol
