Eh, there was also one on the Red stage during the first few hours. I was just outside it, got pushed back a bit while they formed it.
Don't think so, but keep in mind that there are score caps everywhere - the downvote cap is quite low, after just \~100 downvotes, they will stop counting to your total karma.
nam style
It was released about a week ago
vertex corruption
I have no issues at all...
I mean, it always worked on tablets, it was just not available in the Play Store for whatever reason.
Love it, heard it live twice, it's awesome.
is that *Life*?
Damn, you're everywhere
Low QA budget I guess?
on Android, Sync Pro or Slide
Just get an unofficial app man
okay, this is epic.
Yeah, desktop YT got it a few months ago, and the Android app finally got it as well a few weeks ago.
Eh, I hate the Night Light in Ubuntu 18.04, you can't set a daytime color and you can't change the nighttime color, it's fixed to 4000K.
Reddit has it without addons, but not in the old design.
Hentai is unironically one of his better tracks lol. But I just really dislike the Defi Brillator collabs for example. Too messy, too many memes.
Advanced. But ad-free.
idk, Frqz play it in just about every set, I think Rivella flew more under the radar
Sure thing
I heard it on at least every second event, it released on the Reverze 2018 CD, and it has 500.000 streams on Spotify which is a ton for a brand new alias (they were BMBSQD before that)
Exactly lol. I thought tracers on acid are neat, then I took 2CB and holy shit, that was surreal. I was waving my arms in front of me and saw the same thing again after half a second.
haha yeah thought so :p
Who's also a veteran and cancer survivor
\- when you're a dom and realize you're not really compatible with your date
Where is he? I think I'm fucking blind
It's a remix, wouldn't bet on a full release
Always been asexual or since you started taking hormones?
Well, show me another platform where I can play it on the train.
&gt;Masked man angrily fists entire club (Hardcore) Legendary
You don't need any programs if you just save as BMP because bitmaps are pretty simple.
"So we got a new guy in our company and he's a nigger" or what do you have in mind lol
use streamable, it's miles better than v.reddit anyway
Well, saying Aysap is just really quick while saying A.S.A.P. takes almost as long as the full thing.
Hahaha no, VirtualWii isn't happening. I doubt most of the other features as well.
Naja, 70€ im Monat um täglich 4 Stationen zu fahren ist auch nicht so der Hammer. Abgesehen davon dass die Bahn allein diese Woche schon 2x ausgefallen ist und ich (hab noch keinen Führerschein) von Familienmitgliedern oder Freunden zur Arbeit gefahren werden muss.
That's already a thing though
well... those are some teaser images for a project of mine, just tried to make an edgy in-universe post :p
can you color my gray
&gt;(the primary use case) What no
Where? Just buy them on resellers like Gearbest. I live in Germany - where it's officially not available - and got mine for 315€, one day shipping.
...I want more livesets on Spotify.
r/rimjob_steve
CAN WE GET A FITNESS MOVE ™
Don't worry it got lowered to 72h iirc
Hahaha did you just imply that Godot is a threat for Unity right now? Good one
Yes, Godot is relevant, but not right now. It's just too far away from Unity in terms of features. It does have a lot of potential and the fact that it's open-source and lightweight makes it quite attractive for indie devs (I tried Godot myself as a Unity dev) but it's probably going to take years until it can compete with Unity.
Rule 1
I just use Viper4Android currently, never tried Dolby.
It's a niche genre (I guess it counts as Hardtrance?), quite a bit different from normal Hardstyle, you don't *have* to like it.
&gt;The update on pc did nothing basically I've noticed one single thing: Water reflections are now smoothed instead of pixelated. Still ugly as fuck though.
That's a completeley different thing lmao
In the US: Roughly 8% or about 13cm.
Cummy has ascended into a dimension where the concept of genders doesn't exist anymore.
Unfortunately? You were living a dream lol
ah okay, but I mainly posted it for lurkers to see :p
eh I think 2018 was just as good as 2017. IIRC 2017 had Antidote and Pursuit Of Thunder, and of course the HHZ comeback, but this years had BMS and a lot of new talent.
The font looks horrible. Maybe try Exo.
&gt;Komm Sussed Todd You tried. It's Komm Süsser Tod, or, with the current German spelling, Komm Süßer Tod.
No, as this sub is usually meant to take other pics and give it a fun title. I wouldn't mind if someone used the same pic, but copying the title is lame. At least think of your own joke.
use uBlock Origin.
Oh, many people have cars!
Ehre genommen...
Don't know it, but it kinda sounds like Brennan Heart or maybe Wasted Penguinz.
r/DankMemesFromSite19
Also, what the fuck is up with the textures on the right wall
Sure. Check out the Unity Asset store, TurboSquid, Unreal Marketplace.
Are you implying straight porn is different? lol
You forgot the redesign bitching...
exactly
Spoontechnician - See at least five different Spoontech artists live Headhunter - Listen to ALL released Headhunterz tracks live (can be stretched over many events, doesn't need to be in a single liveset) Mr. Worldwide - Go to Hardstyle events in 10 different countries. Has to include AUS and NL. King Of The Hill - Get on the stage and survive there for 30 seconds without getting removed.
It does work, just not for many lol. Maybe 5% get a positive response.
Well, she was part of the 5%.
Nah, not anymore.
Well yeah, it's definitely easier on smaller events :P Good job though, you might wanna check out r/ActLikeYouBelong
Y E S
Or use Google Drive like a normal person
Or just *site:reddit.com/r/DoesAnybodyElse*
oh lol my bad, yeah
dONT qUotE tHe OP
There's some GPF stuff that I unironically like haha
Spoontech fan detected :P I haven't listened to the first track but Extraterrestrial and Explosions are great picks.
Just don't use the official reddit app, use Sync or Boost or something
\&gt;using burgertown units in a scientific calculation
Lol. Time to unsubscribe from here... You guys are brainwashed at this point. Cryptos right now are good for two things: Illegal purchases and trading. The convenience of crypto currency is a fucking joke compared to PayPal or even most other services.
It is somewhat common outside the US, here in Germany you write it like you say it (20€)
If you do it by kicking your own windshield, then you do.
Almost no games allow you to disable shadows completeley. Not to mention lightmaps being used (which can't be disabled).
E x p u l z e 🙏
Saw em at Rebirth and absolutely loved it!
Wrong, you still need x86 CPUs to run it on Linux.
amd hot nvidia cool /s
One of my favorites from the IAH album :)
that's Noisecontrollers already :p
Unlocked literally means no FPS cap...
Not just transparency. JPG also has lossy (but quite efficient) compression, while PNG is compressed but lossless. BMP, for example, has no compression at all.
It's the way movie CGI has been done since the 90s, if you don't want your games to look like Hollywood movies then I guess it's a gimmick.
RUN DMT? That's hilarious, I didn't realize Peacock was \*that\* much into psychedelics lol
Will the chinese K20 Pro work with European LTE bands?
Isn't Q Records only for special tracks/albums? Like, they don't have any artists permanently releasing on there.
E3
Aftershock is fucking insane
Oh yeah i make a game about said ikea
Hardstyle alone would *maybe* get boring but I enjoy most of the Hard Dance spectrum (from HandsUp to Speedcore), if you include all those subgenres you just never get bored.
I think the non-Pro only does 4K30
Same dude, fucking incredible track. Sadly I don't think there's an HQ apart from the live recording?
Not going to happen, ever
Just place reflection probes in each building and blend them?
Bigger bezels than K20 Pro?
And I think he might actually get back to performing after a while, so there's still a chance I might see him live 🙏
I got a Gainward 1060 and it has worked flawlessly for almost 3 years, can't complain. To be fair, I didn't have to deal with their support.
I tried so far, and got so hard...
There's an Open Source engine for it.
That's fucking dope
Realistically, nothing. Theoretically you *could* get into legal trouble but that would only happen if your game becomes very well known. Keep in mind, there's tons of indie games with unlicensed assets.
Just attach an AudioSource to each cam
Yup, and this hasn't been possibly for years. It's bilinear by default iirc.
input.Replace('-', ""); C#
Not really, they got their own community. Originally, it was just an image hoster (that's been getting worse in the last years, still better than most others though)
It's dead now hahaha
I gotta give massive credit to Armin for allowing commercial releases of all bigger Remixes of his tracks, it happens too often that artists can't put their remixes on Spotify. *looks at Krewella Hardstyle remixes*
For darker stuff, the Spoontech label is what you're looking for! Check out the Artists Delete (ex-Spoontech), Vyral, Hardstyle Mafia, Mind Dimension, Vazard. Some great "dark" tracks: https://open.spotify.com/track/2VPYwoHqTyju7UZBorRctR?si=54n-ZfyhQCW4ldAbkuoUtw https://open.spotify.com/track/0nIACfnInkATOjcIcjrQ1j?si=Ootkxe3rSbS7o9B73OPomA https://open.spotify.com/track/11mGWxrpwHQRXMLB48PD8Y?si=KQF48Fn1SO2GTdrdEN8ZyA https://open.spotify.com/track/7FN5XlQ4YLefneHE7EaFUr?si=uLAzZ0UGSjiKrvG22gTLyg
#Let's get heavy! ...anyone else listened to the Loudness recording a hundred times?
Honestly, I think they are generally under a lot of pressure. They pump out bangers all the time and tour a goddamn *lot*.
probably not what you're looking for but I can only think of Regain &amp; Delete - Always Angry.
Oh, I misunderstood you. I thought this was about unreleased tracks. I totally agree, I almost expected Headlights to be in the Top 10, with Shine also being up there somewhere. As it turns out not a single Noisecontrollers track is in the Top 50. I'm so sad that NC is losing relevance even though his production quality is better than ever.
For more info on this topic: https://youtu.be/6LvlG2dTQKg
Well, what do you expect? Patreon is a donation system, not a social network.
If you consider WW2 a jump...
Which is why I win almost every single KC match, your 45 kills aren't worth much if you only got 10 confirmed.
Ask the creator for a refund. Also, why did you try to set it to $0 instead of cancelling your membership?
Well this is mostly what I meant, but shorter (how many websites allow a 30+ long password?) and with non-dictionary names, or something in a foreign language. Your example is not bad but it's reaaaally long and the dictionary words make it easier to guess if you have only parts of the password (let's say someone peeked on you typing, etc). Theoretically it's also more vulnerable to a dictionary attack but I think at that length it's ridiculous (not to mention that both brute force &amp; dictionary only really work offline, which means you'd need a database dump or something to avoid getting rate-limited).
Russian Village Boys? Oh man. Is there a date for the event?
Usually not done with worms tho
100% expected judging by that post and the profile pic
In der letzten Zeile muss das Komma weg.
Can't wait lmao
Ehh it sadly got too much of a political symbol
Nova Prospect, ye
oof :/ Not bad for that tho haha
And many of them don't get paid, unlike soldiers.
Except this lens really doesn't stand out, the chromatic abberation is horrible. [Purple everywhere.](https://i.imgur.com/HLYysjI.png) Would've expected more from a 700€ lens, but maybe this is unavoidable in this scenario.
They are equal at best. Anime thighs are visually much better. Real ones can't compete here, but unlike 2D thighs, they exist, making them roughly equal.
impact play?
dogelore is basically just * "retard" * cbt * walter * stuff but i love it
Ehhh, generic or not, at the very least his production quality is very good. Ran-D may be a low bar for an interesting track but not necessarily for a well-produced one.
repost tho
Oof. USA I'm guessing?
Breaking &lt;3
Very interesting. The GPD Win proved that this concept is definitely viable for gaming, though the UX is still pretty shitty with desktop Windows 10.
Eh but this one looks plausible, especially with that recursion
Why? RTX is not magic. It's just a bunch of dedicated cores that can do ~~matrix calculations~~ BVH functions really *really* fast.
&gt; Aren't most flagships nowadays recording @ 1080p480fps? Definitely not.
It's simply not worth it, on E you won't feel much from the alc anyway, what matters is hydration.
A ping for each quote would be hella annoying.
ayyy aftershock origins :p
It's based on a short story and yes, Kurzgesagt made a video on it
&gt;They simply store the mp4 They don't. And that's the problem. Audio gets loaded separately for whatever reason.
Spotify offers 320k AAC, is that not enough?
Ah, because, as we all know, being with a trans woman is gay
It's ironic, isn't it? The alt-right want to prove something the leftists would be happy about.
Schrödinger's Obama, huh
Absolutely no one dropped the n word on LegoYoda, unlike GamersRiseUp
How is it not sampling?
Would've expected to at least have Don't Stop Me, the Adaro collab, in the Top 100.
Oh shit lol, didn't realize it's soon 1 year old.
What? Pedo is kids
I think it was "girlfriend's daughter". Those comments were fun.
Yeah, that's why I was surprised that pre-owned Switches go for almost the same price as new ones.
Insane set
I have, last time was probably around a month ago. There's a lot of good things about Linux but in my experience installing stuff is way more tedious compared to windows.
Hmm, crashes for me. [Here's the log.](https://pastebin.com/raw/dnL8fqwW) I installed CUDA 10.2 and my GeForce drivers are up to date. RTX 2070 Super.
Von wo ist das was OP da gepostet hat? Hätte jetzt nicht gewusst dass das deutsch ist
&gt; Wake me up when I can go 2 days on one charge You can do that with the right phone.
bru moment
Yeah idk
This is why I always make sure I'm familiar with their songs when I see an artist live, way more fun like that.
That's awesome news. I guess his sound was too rough for TFC :P
Oh man, sprich mal mit einem Ami wenn du denkst dass wir es hier schlecht haben mit unseren Krankenversicherungen.
\*Spaßfakt
Eh, I get bored of these posts. Guys, that is the r/AWLIAS bot. The subreddit is literally called "Are We Living In A Simulation", so of course the bots talk about that as well.
Ohh I've heard of that alias before. Good to know.
&gt; Youtube has a hidden option It's the very first option of the context menu. That's not "hidden".
You mean JRE on Horizon?
We all know that women are unable to have any political views or opinions.
&gt; Processing Fee is 2.9% + 30¢. On $5 that is = $0.44 But that's not for each patron, is it? Which processing fee are you even talking about? Payout?
Marketing doesn't care how stupid a name sounds as long as people remember it.
Genius marketing move. He got 2.5k upvotes and platinum on a piracy subreddit, plus a Polygon article.
Eh, no one buys a game and then doesn't play it anymore. Most of the time, people get are convinced to buy a game rather quickly, I think it's rare that someone buys a gamer after already being done with it. Minecraft is a great example, so many people played the cracked version for a while but then bought the full version and kept playing.
How did you get the water so smooth and reflective? ND Filter and long exposure? Polarization filter?
Poco's notch is still way smaller than the P3XL.
It does with Chrome
That was hilarious though, ngl, copypasta material
Just thought "that sounds ridiculous", then remembered I did exatly that yesteday.
You can disable image loading.
No, it's just a bunch of UI buttons that insert markdown syntax.
Same here, doesn't work for me either
Real-life mirrors: Reflect light rays from objects outside your field of view Raytracing: Reflects light rays from objects outside your field of view It's the same thing, why do you think it's not helpful?
ngl I didn't understand the meme at first because of that
No hate but what this guy is saying is ridiculous. DJs are not just "playing for themselves", uptempo gets played just about *never* apart from hardcore sets (Tweekaz closing with GPF really is an exception), and his preferred structure of talent -&gt; euphoric -&gt; hard has always been the standard.
Ahhh, makes sense. Didn't realise that accurate fresnel is actually harder to do than a simple mirror.
massive rebirth hype
The lack of CUDA 10 compatibility seems to still render this useless on Turing cards. [Kills off my 2070S VRAM.](https://i.imgur.com/JwXrvc7.png) EDIT: Same happens with CUDA 9.
Just tried your new version. Still crashes, but this time is just overloads my VRAM instead of throwing a CUDA error. [VRAM Usage](https://i.imgur.com/JwXrvc7.png) [Log](https://pastebin.com/27kv05G8) I tried both CUDA 10.2 and 9.2, same results. RTX 2070 Super with latest drivers.
Seems to be a Turing problem, installing CUDA 9.2 didn't work either.
It works, tried it with a 1sec 100kb WEBM. I guess it just doesn't have good memory management, but the result I just got with that GIF/WEBM was really impressive. Much, much better than Butterflow, another interpolation software I tried.
chemical bullets.
Not if you're rooted ;) It's a purely artificial limitation.
Also, remove "this." from the second line
Yeah, the IMX686 isn't really for flagships, the Xiaomi K30 is $260 and uses it
For the current window: 1. Alt+Print 2. Ctrl+V into Reddit
&gt; Windows kann immer noch so aussehen. Windows 10 hat allerdings kein Classic theme mehr.
wholesome keanu chungus moment 100
SpaceX Falcon 9
oh come on, they basically copy/pasted their entire 2019 discography in there. And I thought SYTC was bad.
You should've changed all related passwords right when the first package arrived.
Very wacky and uncharacteristic
You never know man
Acid doesn't necessarily give you that much pupil dilation, and they will still contract if light shines on them.
It's a public server, what's there to do?
Ever seen Escape From Tarkov? Also, UE is better for large scale collaboration, which is one of the reasons many AAA gamed use it over Unity.
Yes, that's another problem. If Unity actually made games, they'd identify their workflow flaws a lot faster.
Idk, haven't been "into" that for a while, but I'm sure bestgore is still around, and a site called death forums or something like that
Google "location history heatmap" and you should find it
Well not necessarily a hosting, but at least one or two artists playing there...
You get charged *once* now, then on the 1st of each month.
That should be the case, yup
Woah what? That would surprise me
&lt;3
&gt;Hourglass logo from Sound Rush I think it's supposed to be a double helix?
Seems to work again (EU)
...why do you use an ND filter? You could've taken the same pic with like 5sec exposure time.
Now that you mention it, Candi Crush does sound like the perfect CBT mistress name.
Works fine for me.
WhatsApp uses literally the same encryption as Signal.
Of course you can restart without the password.
&gt;But... How are the winners picked? There are scripts for that. &gt;What's stopping someone from commenting with 200 Reddit accounts? Creating 200 accounts is a massive effort, why would you do that? Your chance is still only 2% in your example.
&gt;downloading torrents isnt really illegal or cared about, its hosting torrents that is You automatically host every torrent you download, that's how P2P works.
Use the Discord integration.
Eternal funny card
The rest of the world, actually, not just Aus
Which OP definitely doesn't use.
Oh god I can't hold it back I'm trying not to say it but I just have to- ATTACK HELICOPTER HAHAHAHA
Mate I literally searched for the separate images, edited the BGS logo into that stock photo, cut out the Switch myself, then layered it on top of the background that I then blurred a little to simulate DOF. Someone may have had that meme idea before but this image is 100% OC.
Yup, Sync and Boost are very good at this
Google "markdown".
Or 2x space at the end of a line. --- Line one with two spaces... results in a normal 1x linebreak, while 2x enter... results in a 2x linebreak.
Depends on the definition. Reddit is based around topics while Instagram is based around people, FB both.
Of course, they are separate things. Post-Processing is simply effects applied to the rendered frames, material shaders tell the GPU how to draw something.
Just backup everything and then reset it. You will probably lose your data in the repair anyway.
Really? I don't think I've found a difference yet
Same price as RTX 2060 in Germany :/
I still don't know the artist nor have I ever heard the original version lmao
Hab den Tarif seit Ankündigung im Auge, aber solange es kein EU Roaming gibt muss ich verzichten.
I honestly find that track pretty boring compared to the Crypsis remix.
hahaha i love this so much
One of the few lines I actually consider getting a tattoo of :)
ok
But we were talking about Web right now...
Filesize isn't the problem here.
Coding - completely embedding a game, even if it's from the 90s, inside another one is just not easy. The filesize is irrelevant - the original Doom files are less than 4MB iirc, that's less than a single texture file in current AAA games. But embedding Doom '93 inside a modern game, completely separating the game logic but passing input through, is just not easy. Emulation would probably work best. Though I don't actually know how they did it with Wolf3D in one of the new Wolf games.
...yes? That's what this post is about. I mean, it's a modchip that's not out yet, but it exists. Should be available in a few weeks.
&gt; Wegtikken (full version) Woah I totally forgot that we only had a mix cut...
Hot take, with that username.
&gt; but a lot of bosses in my country would prefer 40+h Of course, bosses want to exploit their workers as much as possible.
I still can't get over the fact that you guys have to take a fucking drug test to get a job. The US really is weird.
Atmozfears album is not a thing
Are we talking about 2D or 3D here?
Yeah that looks pretty fake
Yup, Boost has crossposts and better flair support compared to Sync
Woah this is awesome
Made this using DAIN App, here's the creator's Patreon: [https://www.patreon.com/DAINAPP](https://www.patreon.com/DAINAPP)
ngl, this is the biggest reason I'm hyped for that game. Seeing the meltdown when CDPR, everyone's favorite developer, adds FORCED GENDER POLITICS into the game of the decade will be so much fun. Like, Temtem is an indie game and people are already losing their shit. Can't imagine how it's gonna be for CP77.
^ me when i see minority in vidyagem
&gt;the average young adult still needs like 9-10 hours of sleep Not really. 6-8h is what most people that age need. Some more, some less.
Only really made it for myself, but I think I'll polish it up a bit and release it. I'm away for the weekend though, so don't expect it before next week. Will probably make a post about it here.
Definitely a new CG model
You were spot on lol
It's a meme
Not sure if that one works with Unity
Oof, you killed him using FACTS and LOGIC.
shit and cum
Fuck off with that racist sub
Shoulders have a much bigger impact on how masculine you look, you can have tiny boobs but still look feminine depending on how you're built.
That's absolutely inappropriate in such an environment if you ask me
That's a fact. But that's fine because he calls them "Re-Fix" himself. He never claims that it's his best ever, most original work.
Wait what First of all I might have seen you u/HardiUndSo, at least I've seen exactly one guy with that MYST shirt Also, I met another redditor, u/NegativBeispiel on the bus lol, sounds like you're his alt because we are also from bavaria Didn't realize we had so many german redditors at IAH!
Ah, looked like IAH to me, was confused because they didn't play there. Was it at Pheonix?
It's below 0 now lol
Is the slight film grain caused by ISO or was it added in post-processing? Looks really good actually
&gt;I am making an IPhone specific game, so I don’t have much of a problem. Wrong, iPhones have different aspect ratios.
Use a good lightmapper like Bakery
Eh, I don't know about this specific case but they aren't necessarily trans
Boost.
Sync unterstützt keine crossposts und keine image flairs.
?
*D-Block - Party People 🙃
It doesn't. IIRC it's something about Xiaomi's drivers that can't be ported to LOS based ROMs.
I have never seen that SZP logo before lol, I guess their normal typography is too hard to read at that size
But the point is that coroutines really aren't hard, I think it's better to teach those from the beginning (as well as avoiding function calls by strings)
Chrome :)
&gt;and gun skins are $18. So? No one forces you to buy them. Sure, it sucks, but I'm able to play the game just as well without my weapon being 2% more shiny.
cringe caption
No chance
What exactly happens? Does the game start at all?
&gt;15.6" version. It's actually exactly 15" btw, so a bit smaller.
It's sold out.
Later this year, probably around September/November.
Yes.
Huh, will check my order later Edit: Looks like you're right. Weird, I saw 15.0 somewhere.
I'm in southern Germany too, works fine.
Why would Cerny not have mentioned that?
ah, I know the joke, just didn't spot the sarcasm
time zones are a thing you know
Lmao of course it's "the leftists". That is exactly America's problem, blaming a broken system on other people.
It's the first game powered by DECIMA on PC, isn't it?
Extracting games for modding
Yes, Trump literally wants to ban anti-fascism.
At least it got better. I feared it was still as bad, just media moved on.
Why Tesla cards? They are insanely expensive.
[I made a more saturated and AI enlarged version](https://i.imgur.com/amvr5Le.png) cause i was bored
Phoebe, no doubt!
&gt;W&amp;W, Armin van Buuren - Ready to Rave The Bass Modulators Remix ofc :)
Press F1.
Well the XSX is not that much weaker. It should roughly match 2080S, and that's without hardware specific optimization. EDIT: Closer to 2080 without optimization, ~2080S with some optimization
Hmm, you'd definitely need software for full virtualisation. Maybe try [Aster](https://www.ibik.ru/).
&gt;XSX has 30% higher shader power and more bandwidth than the 5700XT Plus RDNA2 improvements :)
They are textured...
&gt;Specifically, textures in Modern Warfare often render in potato quality for the first minute of a match, and sometimes during respawn for a moment or two as well. That's because of the slow hard drive. You'll love the SSD in PS5/XSX.
Normal and bump maps are the same thing, and dogs don't have tesselation.
Yeah it's legit
There is no confirmed date. It will likely be more than that.
&gt;social issues that affect the entire world. it was literally one guy who died in the USA who cares?? CYBERPUNK 2077 releases WORLDWIDE. It truly affects THE ENTIRE WORLD. Having to wait longer for cyberpunk news IS a social issue.
Spoiler tag? I mean idk the game is 22 years old but I haven't played it yet lol
Well this is a snapchat filter
Well, OP never claimed that
Because &gt;90% of times, the person commiting suicide is not mentally healthy.
Well, that's not hard in these times :p It's not like they *could* play it anywhere apart from a stream.
I definitely wouldn't do that until 2022, the tech will surely get cheaper.
I guess that's the exact reason AMD releases the XT chips. Their silicon got so good that they just make new SKUs with higher clocks.
&gt;Also coincides with the release of Sony's flagship next-gen console, and Microsoft's flagship next-gen console But won't release on them until a few months later.
Yeah, though as of right now, not even the Zen 2 + Vega APUs are out. They aren't even announced :/
Finger tracking by having the buttons check whether your finger is on them or not.
The 2070S is great, HL:A should totally run at full res
Yeah, and protect your head/neck at all costs, better to break all your bones than to just die on impact (well, depends on how much you want to live)
Ah yeah, that was a typo, I meant Vega.
I just hope not all new tech will be proprietary. The vast majority of compression tech is open-source and free, while Kraken is not.
PS5 has 16GB of shared RAM - so, let's say, 2GB for the OS, 4GB for the game, and 10 GB VRAM.
Well, then Nintendo would need to change their claims about the battery life since that would suffer from overclocking.
No need to bring out the numbers, I said myself that PS5 has the faster SSD. Just trying to point out that MS has some great software features coming up, and that their consoles is good in some other aspects. Like GPU power.
&gt;Seen couple of games on xboxsx What? There's literally not a single game yet built for XSX and its SSD. Obviously back-compat games won't take full advantage of it.
PS3 being good is... debatable. Vita is technically great, Sony just fucked it up with the lack of support and the ultra-expensive storage.
probably because it is lol
So it does release *just* before its first birthday :P About time, can't wait.
&gt;My Way Music trademark is registered to A&amp;A Music B.V. (which also holds End Of Line, Masters Of Hardcore, Act Of Rage, Minus Is More and many others) - u/michaeluskov
&gt;because Xbox Series S has much less memory than Series X Says who?
There is still no sign of lockhart even being real.
Germany. Pretty sure Austria has the same options, but probably out of stock now just like everywhere else...
Plastic. Apparently metal version had manufacturing problems and now people who ordered one are getting plastic instead? I never ordered metal either way (would've been coupled with the better screen option I think). Build quality is good, looks and feels great for plastic. The hinge is just somewhat stiff, it's not hard to open or anything but the screen will wiggle a bit unless you stop it with your hand.
Same! I was concerned about the screen, but after figuring out that disabling VariBright fixed the low screen brightness, there's nothing to complain about.
I gave it a shot. On Battery: * FPS: 33.3 * Score: 838 * Min: 7.7 * Max: 59.6 Plugged in: * FPS: 32.5 * Score: 819 * Min: 21.2 * Max: 58.3 The slightly lower plugged in score is likely because it throttles earlier, as charging seems to make it run hotter. On battery, GPU clock was always at 1750mhz, but plugged in it sometimes dropped to 1700 or 1600 for a second.
&gt; it would be similar to just running another virtual instance on top of the real one. But that would mean that each hibernated game takes up around 10gb. That's a lot on next-gen's &lt;950gb SSDs.
&gt;Modern games are polite enough to run in reduced resource mode, not taking CPU/GPU cycles RAM is a thing. Games take a lot of it.
Ah well, thought you were the same commenter, nevermind then. Still don't like how a ton of people argue like this, and I say this as a big PC enthusiast. People downplay console features too often.
How does this fit here
cume
Which test do you want me to run? Time Spy DX12?
daaaaaaamn, like, duuuude
\&gt;black out \&gt;wake up with a pair of big tiddies
Finally &lt;3 Daaaamn was that a long wait. EDIT: Woah wait, they left the "funky shit" sample in? I thought they only did that live. Well I'm kinda glad lol, after listening to the rips I can't forget that anyway haha
Uh, whenever you want...?
And of course it doesn't work if your audience is international because of time zones.
Yeah? You didn't say it but you agreed to the claim. &gt;Could you elaborate on why post-processing effects don't impact fps? &gt;IIRC its because its [...]
I guess, but it does directly affect FPS since the post-processing time adds to the rest of the frametime.
$100 Android Tablet. Any reason you want a PC?
I got the dark grey one, I think Graphite was the name. Don't have any good pics right now but it pretty much looks like they show on the website. Might upload some pics later, idk.
33ms will get you 30.3 frames a second, 33.2 will get 30.1, which is lower. Sure, not noticable, but lower. The GPU doesn't know what a second is, so it will never render *exactly* a full amount of frames each second. Neither 33ms nor 33.2ms will get you exact 30 each second, only if you round it up to a whole number.
No thanks, reddit's chat thing is horrible and it would annoy me to death if I had to clear out those notifications all the time.
You know that Video Enhance and Gigapixel are separate things?
Yep, and that's amazing :)
People become increasingly stubborn above 60-70. That's a proven fact. So why are all the people in power so old that they are hard-wired to not wanting change?
Alright, did some testing! Cinebench R20 looped, laptop running on battery. Max Performance Mode: * Power draw: 37 W * Sustained CPU clock: 3300 MHz on all cores * Sustained CPU temp: 84°c Intelligent Cooling Mode: * Power draw: 20 W * Sustained CPU clock: 2740 MHz on all cores * Sustained CPU temp: 67°c Power Saving Mode: * Power draw: 15 W * Sustained CPU clock: 2450 MHz on all cores * Sustained CPU temp: 59°c
eh I'm not familiar with Redshift, only with Octane
Plugged in is identical, though it switches between profiles so the slider might change, but if you manually set it again it will be identical.
Battery and plugged in seem to have the same behavior. If anything, plugged in will throttle more because of the charging heat.
You know there's Windows 10 tablets with 2GB RAM?
Lol, how dramatic. Installing ShutUp10 fixes literally everything you mentioned.
"mentally unstable" is missing
Freestyle is more of a mixing/DJing style while Tekstyle is one of the genres played in freestyle sets.
Oh that sounds promising, BM have been awesome recently, just not releasing much
Eh, RTVC is really really basic. Kind of a shame the dev went the sellout route :p
Yes
For real, running a Turing card at 50% powerlimit will still get you 85-90% of stock performance
Steam and Game Pass (PC/Xbox)
I don't think 42°c is possibly on air unless the environement temperature is really low
To clarify: Game Pass has it on Xbox and PC, but I think only via the Microsoft Store. So if you want it on Steam you probably have to buy it.
And most importantly refresh rate (but if OP wants to play at 4K, 144hz is not really an option anyway)
Yeah then it only really depends on your budget, and how much you value multithreaded performance. If you don't do anything other than gaming, the 10600k is probably the best choice. If you do stuff like video encoding, a Ryzen 3700X or 3900X would be better.
Funny thing is that they *are* technically indie since they publish their games themselves.
(Re-Style 2020 Refix)
I guess that's something to put on your CV
Spoontech kinda
Imagine fighting on the internet about which box that plays games is better at being a box that plays games This comment was made by the *PC user who just buys the console that provides the best value to him* gang
Eh, not a disaster, just could never really keep up. Xbox One sold about half of what PS4 did.
To clarify - there is a better 1080p source available, but wanted to stresstest the AI with a somewhat shitty PAL rip. Though in some situations it looks even better than the 1080p version because of the sharpening and denoising.
[Omg the irony hahaha](https://i.imgur.com/5qbmnG1.png)
It's done, took around 15h. Though Eraserhead is shorter than feature-length movies. I mostly did this because it's a version with German subtitles that I wanted to send to a friend, but I got carried away and ended up making this lol. Will probably post some more comparison shots later.
yup
Money.
What resolution is your input? And make sure you use your GPU and not the CPU, tho that should be set to GPU by default. Maybe you're running in VRAM limits too. VE automatically manages the memory but if your source video doesn't fit in your VRAM, it will slow down.
Because it's a console not a PC, they don't share the exact same market. I'm primarily a PC gamer so I won't get an Xbox, but if you just wanna play games, consoles are just cheaper.
It will struggle at native resolution, but in general it should be okay
He's sticking a bit too hard to his formula (track structure is almost always the same, compare Genesis, The End and The Stars for example) but apart from that he's great. That said, Judgement Day is already among my favorite tracks this year :)
I only used pre-trained models, wanna start making my own soon though. For the cartoon style I used two passes of FArtDIV3\_Blend, for the semi-realistic style first De-Toon\_alt, Fatality's DeJpeg to compensate for Detoon's artifacts, and lastly Nickelback if I remember correctly. I made some batch files to run all model passes sequentially instead of doing each pass separately. Took like 10-15 minutes for all 151 pokemon sprites.
Why would it legally make a difference how similar it is? Could an artist get sued for making a perfect recreation of a copyrighted image?
Minecraft is a lot more tricky - 16x16 is a ridiculously low resolution to upscale. Most models are simply not made for such low resolutions, and upscales tend to get artifacty. But I might give it a shot.
Probably not, at least not at that resolution. *Maybe* 2x.
Except... it can't? Go run Minecraft RTX or Control with your 1080 Ti.
Ah yes, the Sickwagon
Yeah I don't have a huge problem with that. DBSTF are pretty much the same and it works.
&gt; since it’s release its* (sorry)
Then it's not possible.
peak american culture lol. and most likely illegal where I live (since you aren't allowed to employ people based on their looks).
Actual answer: They don't. This technique isn't done with websites. The fact that it's over the internet alone slows down your password rate by 1000x+.
That's not a big achievement, considering it just launched yesterday. Compare those numbers in 3 months.
&gt;too busy thinking about makeup and idk dresses??? you forgot - be bisexual - hot chip - lie
Well the 1050ti is not really good for 144hz
Yeah, Whispers and Chances are amazing too
No one finds creators via Patreon
just go on youtube lol, this has been around for half a decade
Sure, but not every developer is Epic Games. It still takes optimization to achieve good graphics. I have no doubts on Guerilla pulling something great off, but not every dev is as good as them.
Man, you could've squeezed a few more frames in there without those comments :P
PR speech. As always.
You showed me an example with a 1000x674 input image... Shrek right here is 128x72. That's basically NO data for the AI to work with. And much heavier compressed. I doubt RealSR gets those good results with a 128x72 image. Haven't tried RealSR yet, I used ESRGAN with two models. &amp;#x200B; EDIT: I gave RealSR a shot. Pretty impressive. [Shrek 16x with DF2K](https://i.imgur.com/CTowlOH.png)
&gt;haven't found a game I can't max out with 100+ FPS. There's tons of those. Try Control or RDR2.
Or just, you know, listen to the music that *you* like.
You can still download the driver without GFE.
Gonna try TTA again. What does it do? Didn't find a description on that. I also had another build with "artifact" in the name, I guess a nightly/buildbot version? That one only created noise as output though, lol. How come -n is obsolete? Should I just use a separate denoiser?
Yeah, neural networks can never get enough VRAM.
Doesn't matter at 4K
That's the opposite of user friendly though
PCs have a standby mode you know...
[https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/74046115](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/74046115) image #7 now go to horny jail
the peak male form
And of courses there's another certain way to acquire it.
Sure. The software just generates tons of new faces until the downscaled version of that matches your input. Basically, it creates a face that could look like the un-blurred one. But it doesn't actually recereate the original, just something that looks similar.
Not the 3050. Xbox roughly has 2080 Super performance for what it's worth.
GTAV = Gelddrucker
dog poggers the dog is pogging
&gt;good if you like some privacy since so many softwares can access your webcam) My IdeaPad (4800U) has a physical webcam switch :)
&gt;900P is almost as good as 1080P to start with. Eh, not quite. 1.44m pixels vs 2.1m, that's quite a difference.
Nah, multiplat games don't have strong compression, otherwise consoles with their 8 year old laptop CPUs couldn't handle it.
It's not "hilariously bad", the media just acts like it's supposed to "de-anonymize" photos, which it doesn't.
Portable PS4 games aren't happening within the next 10 years though.
Palm Pepito I think
Use ImageEnhancingUtility.
release thriller now
[4x AI Enhanced version](https://i.imgur.com/lqeDzsM.jpg) that also gets rid of those horrible JPEG artifacts
Eli kinda wanting Alyx and Gordon be a couple is canon though. HL2 Ep2 if I remember correctly.
It doesn't like JPEG artifacts, maybe that was the problem.
Keep in mind there's 10 times the voters compared to commenters. Don't underestimate the amount of lurkers.
Mobile should have the sub icon too :p
ahhh right
No. They know that they simply can't pull of high prices. Corona plus next-gen consoles would make the cards DOA if they launch at higher prices than Turing.
Okay, that's really strange. Maybe move it to a path that is shorter and has no spaces. Personally I keep all that stuff right under "D:/AI/" so the path is short and without spaces. That's the only thing I could think of that might cause this problem.
&gt;That particularly phallic post in the top right leads me to believe some less-than-family friendly material was used in its training. lol Nope :P It was trained on the DIV8K dataset.
imo nothing has beaten [this one](https://youtu.be/QAEqQda_Nhw?t=165) so far :)
Depends on your refresh rate. At 60 hz? No bottleneck. At 144hz? Sometimes a bottleneck.
Absolute FPS numbers are useless. Either tell use how many FPS you had before, or tell the percentage increase. "AA on" also isn't very informative considering MW has like 5 different AA modes.
Aftershock ghosts Sub Sonik
Any advantages over ESRGAN? ESRGAN with DF2K_JPEG or FatalAnime is hard to beat.
Nope.
Man, that's ridiculously expensive, $1000 to get 16 GB RAM and a 500 GB SSD. My laptop has much, *much* better specs in every way and cost me $650.
Maximum raw is 5.5gb/s.
Nope, you can use SSDs, but they have to be certified by SONY to be fast enough. HDDs are not possible.
Why would VII stand for Vega II? It's the roman number seven, as in the first 7nm GPU.
Source?
The catch is that you can't leave it idling. But that's fair. &gt;I am getting very excited about Shadow, but I need to ask, am I missing something? How can they be so incredibly cheap compared to other providers? It's simple: They rely on each user having their Shadow turned off for 90% of time. The machines are fully virtual, which means all their GPUs are only used by whoever needs them. Each time you log on, you might have different hardware. Think about it - There might be users who only use their VM once every few days. That greatly improves Shadow's total capacity.
Then the cheat client reads the sound coordinates and places a big phat green marker at the position. Still a Wallhack.
"b-but epic bad??"
a mf gon cash out 😳
What? How would you spawn a sound in 3D space without a position?
Accidentally leaving your autoclicker on while you sleep could be problematic though, I bet they flag accounts that have an uptime of &gt;8h or something.
Probably because it's quite new. And GitHub repos don't have much marketing.
Reminder that you can still get the drivers from Nvidia's website.
Faststone Image Viewer :)
They are bigger than default, what's wrong with that?
or pdf
Make sure your drivers are up to date
That's if you buy it ;)
Almost full, tho sunday the weather wasn't too nice.
Haha yeah, figured everything out now, still thanks for the effort :)
I thought Hatom was his Spoontech alias, and he releases as Tom Different on TFC? Or am I mixing things up here?
Sure, but Intel will at least catch up and at most crush AMD once Tiger Lake drops when it comes to APU graphics.
New key is $4 but okay
&gt;Unreal! Actually, they call their engine Render Dragon.
It's part of the upcoming album.
Obligatory upvote for J-Core
Damny I forgot Portal was ported to consoles. Can't imagine playing that with a controller.
