Im pretty fucking pissed off. Im volunteering at the olympics and i was really hoping id see some nhl superstars. I was gonna buy a ticket to canada vs south korea (im korean-canadian) but instead im just gonna go to Sweden vs Finland which is happening at the same time and will probably be better quality hockey
Hes made great strides in Liiga against men. Plus everyone said at the draft that Juolevi was probably the most complete defenseman available, just due to age and size he was gonna take the longest to get to the NHL, over other defenseman available at the draft No reason to rush a defensive prospect so early, especially when we suck and hope to get another high pick.
Theres a lot of hiccups with the olympics getting to this point (one of the biggest reasons being that psycho ex-president and her shaman friend wanted to use the olympics to funnel some money into their own pockets before they got caught and went to jail) but hopefully the product itself is good. Im just not looking forward to the ceremony, having to stand outside in the cold for like 6 hours in a -20 weather, haha. I always tell people that also buy into all that North Korean bullshit portrayed from the western media - its always bullshit and nothing ever happens. Its so annoying when everyone asks me if its gonna be okay going to south korea or some bullshit, but in reality if something were to happen it would have happened already. 🤷‍♂️ Just a rant
I went to a school in the east coast. Moved into a brand new dorm building, with a living space to be shared with another person. Turns out he was from the same town as me in the west coast. I cooked most of my food and he ate from caf, so i had all the kitchen area by myself. We did a great job keeping the toilet clean all year. We had some long good convo about school and home back west. He was good looking so had a lot of girls over, but this brand new building was made of cement so i couldnt hear anything. It was perfect and an overall great year.
I assume youre canadian. Cuz i did too. Edit: okay on second thought canada isnt the only place that teaches french as secondary language 🤦‍♂️
I heard if you go to the clubs on dec 31st, sometimes there is a lineup for people who will turn 19 as soon as it rolls into the new year. then they are let in.
pls no, it hurts me just thinking about that
now it looks like hes gonna score 40 goals. Youre crazy for underestimating him ^/s
dare I say 60?!
True, but that was more of an outlier than anything tbh
The guy talks like it was only south Korea who murdered civilians. Also like you said 1.2 million murdered is pure bullshit. The problem I have is the guy talks like it was only the south that committed these war crimes. North has started the war to begin with, and has murdered just as many if not more due to their stupid communist ideology.
Just wanted to add that the olympic torch relay is passing through the imjin river on January 19th, and to commemorate the brave canadian soldiers who played hockey on this river, South Korea and Canada is having a ceremonial match on this river again. Id urge anyone in seoul/korea to check it out if you have time. https://www.pyeongchang2018.com/en/torch-relay/route-preview/torch-relay-route-in-x27-paju-x27-the-gateway-to-reunification
completely understand your point. You are right. Although I can't really agree with your last point, if Kim Il Sung never decided to start a war and tried to find a peaceful resolution after the country was split, we wouldn't have this discussion of moral judgements or innocent killings at all, because none of these would have happened. Maybe the political situation at the time would have led to war another day is a separate question, but if the war didn't start, none of these war crimes would have taken place, thats just my thought.
Exactly. It was good discussing this with you, it definitely gave me a chance to look at things from a different perspective.
South Korean - Canadian here. Sadly SK’s true democracy didnt really take place until the early 1990s. Also it was the UN that fought along with the south, not NATO haha.
Pretty sure at the time of the war he was still pretty respected by the country. He established “democracy” in the south and brought some laws that benefitted the people after a long Japanese occupation. He didnt really show his teeth until after the war when he rigged elections, killed/jailed his opponents, and so on.
Thats awesome! I live a bit far away to reach by transit (south of incheon) but if theres a family car thats not being used Im gonna drive out there to watch! Good luck :)
On arguably one of the deepest drafts in last few years. Sucks to be calgary
Yeah, when yakuzas are running the streets and the police dont have any control over them, there are questions to these “low crime” images. Obviously from a personal experience of a traveller who takes frequent visits to japan, it is without a doubt one of the safest countries ive been to - but again, i dont know the details of what more “unsafe” areas of japan is like
exactly. I can't take Japan's "low crime" rate seriously at all, especially when these organized crimes are rampant in the streets. It is still true to the fact that it is very safe (for the most part) if you walk around by yourself, compared to many other countries.
So last year was the outlier then? Was just everyone on the Avs on a career low all together? Why are they good this year? I just want to know
Are you guys of swedish descent by any chance? Haha
Didnt he get an assist last game? Still only 2 points in last 5 games
Friend and i had a bet in the offseason that if boeser scores over 45 points this season, i get to slap him hard and he took the under. Safe to say ill be slapping him most likely this month
Fuck cancer. May he rest in peace.
Random, but im just mesmerized by the halifax mooseheads’ ability to just pump out first rounders in a draft. It feels good being a Mooseheads fan (i went to Dal) It would be nice to see groulx zadina and macisaac all go first round. Seems like zadinas a guaranteed top 10 and the other two being late firsts
Langley, right?
Remember when all media was saying this years calder race will be boring and weaker after matthews vs laine last year? Well they were so wrong
Naaaaah, im from cloverdale. Just was making sure if Heinen was from langley.
haha clovy represent
I went to DC for the first time in november and went to a game and i got so confused because of so many different food promotions, i couldnt keep track of any haha
Haha he cooled off sooo fast
Holy if benning ever traded tanev for that much id suck his dick for rest of his life. No way wed get that much nor expect to get that much. First and a prospect is honestly all i expected for him
Exactly. Maybe not a top level prospect, but someone who can make an impact in couple years
They said they were gonna ask IOC/IIHF for special permission
Weve done this numerous times in the past. Just on top of my head there was a unified soccer team in 1990 and 1991. Couple times both countries have walked together in the olympics and so on. Its not the first time its been done, yet look at where we are.
I dont know if you would be saying the same thing if you lost something you worked your heart out for last 4 years just because of diplomacy.
This gesture ain't going to do jack shit to war. It's not the first time it's been done. It's just gonna be used as more propaganda for the North Korean people to legitimize Kim. It always has been, and it always will be.
the teams Korea played in that world cup's tournament round have won the world cup in that specific order. round of 16: Korea vs Italy, Italy wins world cup 2006 Quarterfinal: Korea vs Spain, Spain wins world cup in 2010 Semifinal: Korea vs Germany, Germany wins world cup in 2014. Just something that I found intriguing earlier
andrew nielsen and third
I mean it was a lowball first offer so we can probably expect it to be more
Third place match was turkey and turkeys not in this years world cup :(
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_border_incidents_involving_North_and_South_Korea First of all, this argument wasnt even really about nukes, it was about numerous cycle of North Korea appearing to be friendly up front and backstabbing south korea constantly in recent history. But you honestly think north korea using their bare minimum resources to build nukes to legitimize kims dictatorship while just watching the people die from starvation is okay? Its just a right to build a defense? What a sick person you are.
It was on the canucks subreddit like last week, it was quoted from the local radio channel, tsn 1040.
Yeah, if i recall correctly son was sitting in a car taking photos with people and guy recording the video yelled out “can you get me dvd copies of something something” and son just started smiling at him. Then the racist yelled profanities at him and son just gave him a thumbs up and rolled his windows up.
I can never forget when he cried his hearts out while some of the other players were just laughing it off. My blood was boiling watching some of the guys just not caring
whoever made that decision needs to be fired
knew OP would have a Bruins flair when I went through all the wallpapers.
The matchup is always favourable for barzal too... barzals on the second line meaning he doesnt have to deal with the toughest matchup
idk, saddam hussein invading kuwait didn't really go so well for saddam at the end, no?
Hes saying that the US team is a joke cuz they didnt make it and mexico did. Nothing about mexico being a joke of a team
Isnt there talks for us to sign alex sandro too? I heard his form is off this year but i still think it would be a great addition + alexis
Bought sweden games at the olympics with a sole intention to watch pettersson and now hes not gonna be there 😡😡
These meme wars are great
I knew you were joking, but I was getting sick of all this “peace is coming” bs.
Right, becuause I said war is the only solution right? Im korean, if war was to break out me and my family would be the ones hit the hardest. Plus, I said cease to exist, not imminent war. Noone wants war, nor millions of people to die. There’s plenty of other ways to end the regime without starting a war so let’s not jump into conclusions eh?
Kims goal is to seek legitimacy - anything that makes them look legitimate in the world, he will seek no matter what. All this peace talks - throughout the early 2000s, we’ve helped em out with our policy called the sunshine policy - it was mostly humanitarian aid to the people of North Korea and hoped to bring peace in the region. North Korea’s return for our non stop aid was by using the aid we gave to fund their nuclear missile program. There’s no peace talks with these people - they will say one thing in front of your face and do something else behind our back, koreans have been backstabbed too many times to have realized this years ago. I obviously don’t have the clear cut answer but I’m not going to propose a full out war either - there are no winners in a war, i don’t want to see any of my countrymen suffer - but a good place to start would be to effectively carrying out the current goal of properly carrying out sanctions while really pressuring China (that regime wouldn’t exist without China) to stop helping them out. It would legitimately be better for US/SK to reach out to China to actually have any kind of work done to North Korea. It would be a start
Korean here, also on the same boat as you. I cant shake off the feeling that moon just wants a novel peace prize (while ignoring the general consensus and wants to just make himself look good) and Kim will use this as a propaganda some way or another. Getting real sick of this shit
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_border_incidents_involving_North_and_South_Korea Plenty of times in the last 14 years North Korea attacked the south which could have been fully escalated into a war but South took the high road and kept peace. Lets not forget these events existed, yeah?
That tall North Korean had no business being in the NBA. He fucking sucked in the asian games against weaker competition
Phil kessel syndrome
holy fuck henrik just fucking shoot
From what i vaguely remember he said something like thanks korean fans for watching me play at these late hours (kinda was weird cuz it was only like 8:30pm, two hours behind australia) and said please watch me play again on wednesday
yeah it said "보고있나?" which exactly translates to are you watching? indeed. but the tone of the wording kind of implies that hes saying it to his haters - kinda like "are you watching me succeed, haters?" or it could be to his friends saying "are you watching me succeed?" in a positive way i could be spinning it a little bit too far but it could be either way with the way he wrote it Edit: now i read on the news that it said “captain, 보고있나?” Which means - captain, are you watching this? And its a reference to his coach on his disbanded team, an old coach who lost his job because of the team disbanding and he wanted to pay respects to the coach in some way
this is actually true
we will give u tanev ^^^^^if ^^^^^you ^^^^^give ^^^^^us ^^^^^barzal
kinda hilarious if you think about it. It seems like noone gives a shit about democracy over there.
Roll tide?
The dream is dead
No doubt. Uzbeks are really good though... hoping for the best for the viets
Yeah it looked like a tennessee flag than a confederate flag. His family was waving them too.
Theres just no reason for that arm to be up that high in that situation. This is as blatant as it gets.
if brock boeser scores 50 goals this season I'm going to grow and dye my hair so it looks just like brock's flow I'm asian, so its gonna look ~~hideous~~ glorious
sounds like cam neely all over again
i'm in love
he can join us for the playoffs then. right..? right?
Seoul, South Korea. It looks like we have pretty much everyone from big cities in Asia.
Im gonna be at the olympics volunteering. If i see him im gonna ask him to come back some day
hes like vontaze burfict of the NHL. so much talent yet just a fucking shitbag on the field/ice endangering other players.
that's the elbow's fault then, not Brad Marchand's /s
still remember I think in the game against winnipeg with less than a minute to go he had a clear cut chance with open shooting lane really close to the goalie and he decided to turn around and pass it backwards. His pass first mentality drives me crazy somtimes
its a very niche market. there are fans, but very minimum. THey used to air super bowls in sports channels but not anymore due to lack of people watching. I'd say fandom's number is somewhere in the thousands.
literally says its from ilbe on the ad? Also the picture was posted in ilbe with ilbe hand sign from the guy who made this ad.
Sorry i should have mentioned this was a few years ago. In the mid 2000s i was able to watch the super bowl but they stopped showing it few years ago. I dont know about now but ive seen em broadcast super bowl online like in naver in the last couple years. I did see the divisional games this year delayed on tv and it took me by surprise for sure.
i don't like how NHL can just pick and choose to go. i'm korean and I've been looking forward for this moment since the pyeongchang olympics was announced. But NHL will probably beg the IOC to let the players go to China in 2022, and I hope the IOC (as much as i hate them for their corruptness) tells them to fuck off. Olympics isn't a showcase market.
I think even if boeser loses the total points at the end of the season (lets say by 5 or so) but he managed to hit 40 goals with virtually no supporting cast &amp; barzal not facing the hardest opposition every night, i think boeser has a great chance
just want to say this years nike jerseys are just pure dogshit.
Pretty sure they did that because gaddafi bought the team
maybe they did it so gaddafi would buy the team haha
thats a massive fob, how is he gonna fit that in his pocket??
checked it out few days ago with an intention of buying one but you can't customize it to pettersson unfortunately.
yeah I hate gums here. I always grab dentyne ice myself too at costco.
yeah, i would have been cool with some players from NK joining the party. But walking together at the opening ceremony, forcing unified teams in womens hockey, and forcing some athletes to go train at the North Korean ski hill which has a track record of human rights violations? Yeah no thanks
its hilarious if you think about it
idk i kinda do want a stanley cup too
i had bought a boeser jersey in september with the canucks store and they sent me a heat pressed one. i expressed my concerns and they said theyd send me a new one with a stitched one, and Ive been happy ever since.
This hit me hard
Id be ecstatic. Top six dman with grit for 2-3mil? Fucking yes please
I was at work and i was so livid the rest of the shift
pretty sure if you have a ticket you can take the shuttle busses from the station to either of those places.
it will be every main channels. MBC, SBS, and KBS
No way in absolute hell that they take that deal
We already have loui’s contract, if we have both lucic and loui’s, thatd really screw us long term
TIME TO CELEBRATE
The way he played with the canucks this year i think he would have shattered records if he stayed another year in the ncaa
They could as a coaching staff when(if) we win the cup
I hope theyd waive my debt
I asked for a 4pack too, but since i live in canada i think they mailed me cash instead. I got like $4.25. I didnt cash it in as i thought it was cooler to keep a cheque from red bull
Dont forget mctominay!
holy crap, what an amazing work. Enjoy Russia and hopefully we can perform!
OP said Denmark because they released the uniform too late
What the fuck those seats are ridiculous
Canucks cant ever win anything
Would the city be as mad as last time? Or would it be okay because he did win you guys a xhampionship
Rape of Nanjing. Maybe that way the Japanese right wing deniers will actually admit that it took place. But then they probably still will deny it.
Salah was a decoy eh
Wake me up when september ends
This game was worth staying up til 3AM for.
Kaylor Navas
Does it even matter? shinzo is gonna be out of his office with his scandals soon anyways.
We do this before every world cup
Im a korean canadian living in Vancouver - theres a lot of asian people here and most of my caucasian friends can tell a difference between chinese/korean/japanese.
i heard the swedish invested in this state of the art technology called google translate to decipher our codes
lol this is a bit harsh
idk you guys were dead last that year and I was pissed at dropping 3 spots but i wasn't really mad at you guys if you guys won 3 lotteries in a row or something like that it would be a different story
holy fuck delete this fam
They should just play Hanhwa vs Doosan for the all star game
PK was the obvious right call but man sweden should have couple more yellows by now
You must have missed Russia vs Saudi Arabia
Stand the fuck up
The world cup doesnt really determine that. He has to get a gold medal in the asian games (asian olympics) that will take place in september. Given that Tottenham lets him participate
I think you should have regretted it the moment you made the bet
son tries to do way too much
I didnt know sweden resorted to diving. Fucking pussy move
I mean, do you want to see us win the world cup for the next 100 years?
Saudi arabia croatia game was worse imo
Ji sung Park is gonna take his suit and mic off and get off his broadcasting table and sub in
Oooo a fellow canadian! Im Korean-Canadian haha
4 minutes? Are you for real?
The real winners this game is germany and mexico
Holy crap were tied with Germany
We have the best asian player but we are not the best in asia :/
Eh whatever. Good game. Best of luck to you guys at the rest of the tournament
Really hoped you guys would make it, really wanted buffon in the world cup
Lol no way
Hey, with 8 asian teams in the 2026 world cup we might be able to see them in our own home turf! I watched good chunk of the chinese team in the qualifiers and sometimes they look like they deserve to make it to the world cup and then they play utter shit
Man this group would be an absolute clusterfuck if that happened
This sums it up perfectly
Idk australia (lol asia) played really well against france i thought and Iran won
It really shouldnt have been. This ref was bad
Not really. Just completely basing my thoughts through this game
We can only hope, haha
Shinwooktarded is the best thing i heard all day
Ehhh sakic is a pure scorer. Forsberg is an assist machine.
Ehhhhhh 5-6 years of domination and one bad tournament, ill take it Ill really worry if no korean team wins worlds this year
Im still bitter that you guys beat us in the last asian cup even though you guys arent really asia 😡😡😡
Was there a single year where anyone else was better than us in Starcraft?
Was that guillome?
Hahaahaha very true
Wow this is a real kpop fan
Holy crap you were right
Dont mind me, im just getting ready to go out and celebrate this accomplishment ;)
There will be a riot if a chinese team wins worlds in Korea (were hosting worlds this year)
amazing athlete, but shes been retired for a while now
that sounds shitty :/
unfortunately I think its pretty much seeing its end. I don't really pay attention to it much to understand whats really happening, and I do see number of people playing the remastered starcraft in internet cafes, but I rarely see or hear anything about professional tournaments much.
I vote for Marc Bergevin
2nd one was a freaking american football tackle
Why are they subbing off cuadrado
Whys falcao keep kicking the ball directly at keepers face lol
Galatasaray
He should have stretched his legs even further /s
What a cheeky goal I love it
Always seems to be the case with the south americans. Do they teach diving over there at a young age or something? Ffs
Ehhhhh we deserved to lose yesterday, we were a trainwreck
It really sucks that its become the norm.
Just get a swimming trunk, might as well with all these diving
Training injury apparently
With an olympic medal in diving
You defs missed our game yesterday. Man our keeper was the only shining light in the darkness
You can tell Falcao has played for Chelsea, which is why his cheating is being praised by pundits on British TV.
If he wasnt hurt so much
Damn who is he replacing? Riccardo or verstappen?
Which is really weird because passing is usually their biggest strength but its nowhere to be found today
Hahaha hes gonna be so inefficient then Ive only seen kim play well once, which happened to be against you guys when we won 4-1 :/
Youre better off going right back into bed
Sorry :(
They call it sushi-taka in korea
I missed you Honda
JUSTICE
I mean, their first appareance in the world cup was in 1998. This is their 6th world cup
This game gets 5 minutes and korea vs sweden got 4?!?
I guess this is a payback for 2014 WC when colombia beat japan 4-1
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-basketball-nba-mil-mayor-video/video-of-stun-gun-on-bucks-guard-brown-worries-milwaukee-mayor-idUSKCN1IN2ZZ Tldr: a police tased a nba player, then asked for prayers and support when the footage got released
Pretty sure its common in east asia. I have dry ear wax and i dont really have BO from sweat. im korean.
I dont think they were labourers, but my grandfather completely lost connection with my great aunt and her family who were living in hiroshima right after the bombings. Our family assumed that they passed away unfortunately. I was in Hiroshima last year so I made sure to pay my respects at the peace park
my sleeper pick is Park. We asians are naturally good at table tennis.
Or we could unload a contract from them too to give them some space.
In the introduction, 271 hall of famers out of 7623 is ~3%, not 0.03%.
I wouldnt go that far but it would be damn freaking close. I would probably say 50/50
pls fix be a pro
Op is spreading false info. None of that shit is real. there are virtually no dryers in SK to begin with. We dry our clothes in the sun. Also eating dogs is a dying culture in korea, it will most likely phase out in the next 20-30 years. Almost all of younger generations will not eat dogs. Its just mostly the elders eating the soup for the “stamina” whatever the hell that means. My point is, dont trust everything reddit says unless if it has a legitimate source.
Yeah its bullshit. Who the hell bothers to hang the dogs in the trees? Its just meat for fucks sake. Its not some witchcraft. If this was true youd see someone posting pics about these “dogs hanging on the trees” in the internet but its nowhere to be found. Even the dryer thing, dryers are virtually non existent in South Korea. Weve always dried our clothes in the sun - ive been seeing dryers being sold in korea starting maybe like last year.
Dryers are virtually non existent in korea... we dry our clothes in the sun. Eating dogs here is a dying culture and OP is spewing bullshit. Dont trust everything you see in the internet that doesnt have a proper source.
Love to see you actually provide a legitimate source, instead of spamming WRONG on every comment
4 minutes? Really?
Might be because of american soldiers making a scene at these kind of places. Seen it happen before. But still pretty racist nonetheless
Thank god for VAR
Neymar so sour
I came to watch soccer, not a fucking diving fest
Jesus is there a possibilty of both teams losing today?
Jesus wow heartbreaker for Costa Rica
The draft starts at 8:30AM my time. I can open my gifts right away when i wake up
This is exactly the shit why I hate the current state of soccer. Thank fuck for VAR
so when is marc bergevin getting fired
IS ZADINA HAPPENING
D I V E R S I T Y
Great freaking pick for the Islanders.
with boeser demko and hughes, are we team USA now?
forfeit their franchise while at it
this clearly worked, but it just wasn't good enough
idk. Zadina was a big win. teams at the top didn't pick BPA, they just decided to fill their needs I guess. Veleno on the other hand definitely has a lot of questions, but still, Detroit is a winner today.
1. Rasmus Dahlin. 20. Rasmus Kupari. 29. Rasmus Sandin. There are 31 picks in the NHL Draft. 3/31 = 9.67&amp;#37; 9.67&amp;#37; is roughly 10&amp;#37; Yeah, math checks out
Hands down Red Wings.
You're fine. I moved to Canada at age 12 and got my Canadian citizenship at age 23. I am 26 now and I finished university in December of last year, and since then I've been staying in Korea with my F-4 Visa, Volunteering at the olympics and just living with family (I do plan on moving back to Canada soon) You just need to make sure you renounce your Korean citizenship after you get your Canadian one. edit: when I had my Permanent residence at age 19 or 20 (can't remember) I stayed in Korea for about three months. Turns out if you return to Korea, after three months they send you a letter to come get the physical examination for the military Service - but I left before the designated date and when I called them they said I didn't have to come if I left before the date. Just adding this bit of info, but if you do get your Canadian citizenship and renounce your Korean one, you won't have this issue.
I tried my best :D
These are hot
We got tricked
We dont have anyone that can kick corners
I never thought there would be a worse world cup than 2014. Boy i was wrong
With germany winning 1-0 by a penalty kick
We dont win 5 world championships in a row for nothing ;)
Jang Hyun Soo thats what youre supposed to do when you are in the penalty box, not raise your fucking hand up like youre a student in a classroom wanting to ask questions
Were showing a lot more passion in our game today which is what i hoped for. I just didnt expect Jang to let us down yet again
I love you Jo Youre about the only good thing to come out of this world cup
CAN WE PLEASE SCORE JUST ONE GOAL
What do you mean? I thought counter attacking meant only sending Son upfield
I thought we were playing a card collecting game
Where was that foul
Where the fuck was that foul? Fuck you ref
Thats a disgrace to amateurs
Fuck you refs
Idk about that considering he just practically gave you guys goal
Id trade a yellow card for a goal
Might as fucking well. Fuck everything
Holy fuck fucking shoot
Idk this is worse
Lol his feet was already up ready to dive before he ran into his arm
Must be raining in Rostov-On-Don considering mexicans are slipping everywhere
We also have no defence
Wait til you see the asian powerhouses like China, Qatar, and Syria lol
Holy shit Son scores a worldie
I guess ill take a banger
These guys are half dead from exhaustion
Should have been a tie game with that uncalled foul that led to mexico scoring
And lee didnt even start
I think he was just gassed
Thanks. Hope you guys can top the group and not meet Brazil in round of 16 so you guys can get to the quarters. Also the the possibility of Brazil vs Germany in round of sixteen makes me giggle
Wow, ouch Im sorry to hear that man
Unfortunately VAR is only used in penalty kicks and red card situations at the moment
That was bold And beautiful.
He also was asked to join the 2012 London olympics squad when he was picking things up in hamburg, but his father (who made a lot of soccer decisions for him) told the KFA that its better if Son practiced in Hamburg instead of participating in the olympics. Noone really thought wed win a Bronze, leading the entire squad to get military exemption Edit: just realized someone else said the exact thing earlier lol
Well yeah fuck the conscription but what can the advisor/father do when Leverkusen refused to release Son to go to the asian games? Not even a single game in the final?
Maybe Leverkusen didnt want to give him a contract that specified that. Who knows
Without a doubt one of the most influential photos in korean history. This picture shows how hard we had to fight to overcome dictatorship and achieve democracy
Its always like this unfourtnately. Every year if theres a popular team doing well, pretty much their entire roster will get voted in for the all stars
We beat germany by 2, and mexico beats sweden Or we win, and mexico beats sweden by 2
This might genuinely be the first time this world cup that i am proud of this team for putting up a fight against germany (even if theyre slumping)
I think he should come in at ~60 and just run around everywhere when everyone gets tired
Were not short like a typical asian country you know
Just the fact that its 0:0 means something
JO IS A GOD
Aw fuck Sweden scored?
Whys mexico doing this to us
Thats impossible, lol
How was that not a fucking foul?
Okay this ref is fucking ridiculous
This is beyond comical. This ref is a fucking joke
HOLY SHIT JO
Germany only has 3. I think if it ends as is, mexico and sweden advances If germany scores, it should be sweden and germany
Now that were pretty much eliminated with sweden winning.. At least dont let memes be dreams
Pls no
Whys mexico losing 3-0? One time we rely on the mexicans they do this to us...
Lol hwang subbing on then subbing off.. the fuck?
So dumb of us to go for a tie here
No doubt
Jo is the greatest keeper alive
Holy shit he got sacked hard
Where the heck are our players in the corner???
Lol they would give six minutes rofl only because germany needs a goal
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHHIT
FUCKING LOL
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA
I DONT EVEN GIVE A SHIT WE GOT KNOCKED OUT WE WON WE WON
I should plan a trip to Sweden and Mexico
I hate you guys so much 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
I SHOULD PLAN A TRIP TO MEXICO
GUYS GERMANY IS LAST IN THE GROUP STAGE
Thats japan
Them getting knocked out contirmed tomorrow
Shhh let us just have this moment for one day pls
Yeah sorry to that guy but Italian food is the greatest thing in the world
Its soccer i guess. Well since we helped you guys move on i hope you guys can get past the round of 16 for sure this year. Ill be cheering you on
&lt;3 MEXICO
Mexico should send us their best to help us win the asian games
WHERES TWICE YOU DINGUS
❤️❤️
/u/TinierRumble449 holy fuck we actually beat germany
If you guys beat the swedes it would have been a perfect night 😭😭 But its okay. Beating germany is a great consolation prize
😭
Thank you! Hope England does well this world cup!!
the 6 minutes added time was absolutely fucking bullshit too. It should have been like 3 minutes tops. Blatant favouritism for Europeans struck hard today. Little did they know giving six minutes would bite them back harder than they expected...
There were about 10,000 Chinese people at the game cheering for Germany today, actually I assume she was one of them
it was a bit of a weird situation - after the first game his wife and daughter posted a video cheering him on. Then some batshit crazy people on the internet called her and her daughter ugly and lots of derogative bullshit. It was just a small vocal group of people
South Koreans are the only Asian team to beat Germany in all competitions, yet alone twice (3-1 victory in 2004, and today)
or the second mexican goal coming off a clear foul by the mexicans, and no VAR being called by the ref.
I would genuinely love to hear the source on that. Plus, why would they only do that to South Korea and not Japan then? Half of the world cup including the final took place in Japan after all. What you said makes no sense.
you guys were still the only team to lose to Germany in the group
Its better id you dont know. That game was just horrible, from both sides
We just started the world war 3, but North Korea has nothing to do with it
Part of me wants Japan to advance so they can show Asia can perform at the world cup level... but man I kinda want them to lose because well... they are our biggest rivals
Poland looks like they are in shambles, Im sure you can get the result you need.
yeah their formation and the players they started looks like they are playing for a tie
man were like best friends now
b-b-baka!
man, i thought you guys firing halilhodzic was the dumbest decision ever with 2 months left til the world cup little did we know that would be the blessing in disguise
remember that time when we beat Japan 4-1 last year? haha
man that kit that japanese fan with a broken hand was wearing is hot fire
I never said you're shit, but coming in as a 1st seed and losing first two games is clearly not what's expected of a 1st seed. Also, I was talking about just the overall quality of the groups. would you rather be in a group with Germany, or Poland? I mean sure, we beat Germany, but I'd still take a group with Poland than Germany lol
90s jerseys are always sooo good
holy shit is this happening
might be thinking of Alex, who played forr Japan in the early 2000s (he was brazilian)
if this ends the way it is, the entire blame should be on Japan's HC.
holy crap yeah I ran that youtube channel a long time ago haha
hahaha yeah im really conflicted but the way theyre playing now they definitely deserve to be eliminated
holy crap japan might advance on fair play
Japan with 3 yellow, Senegal with 5 or 6. Japan advances as of now unless if senegal or poland scores
holy crap if Japan got an own goal there what a disaster it would have been
japan has 2 less yellows, so if it ends is then Japan advances
holy fuck fuck this game. THis is an embarassment. I hope senegal scores
this is a pure embarrassment to the sport.
This is a pathetic display of football
what a fucking disgrace to the sport.
compared to japan passing the ball around for last 15 minutes of the game when theyre down 1-0, just a fucking disgrace to the sport
faaar from the "fair play" they advanced on
theres no way senegal's manager would lose then. Hes literally the coolest Manager I've ever seen.
More like last 10-15
Well technically speaking... they played to lose considering they were down 1-0 when they were passing the ball around in their end 🤷‍♂️
Just the fact that he was not suspended in the world series and suspended the next regular season was pure bullshit. Clearly showed they didnt care about Asian players. If Gurriel made racist gestures to a black athlete then he would without a doubt be suspended for the world series + more.
Whats with this mindset? You have to right all the wrongs, not just ignore it because everyone fucking does it
Well arent you a negative nancy
Nah, youre just using realism as a mask when in reality you dont care when people are being racists to you, when in reality you could make a difference if you really tried.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ╯╲___卐卐卐卐卐 Don't mind me just taking my mods out for a walk
I asked for a source on Fifa admitting what you said, not these articles and journalism pieces on nothing but allegations. I never said anything about if the games were rigged or not, there just simply isnt a definitive proof other than "I watched the game and it's clear its rigged" bullshit you are spewing out here. I have my doubts about the games that took place in 2002, but even when the FBI did their extensive investigation on FIFA as an organization and they still couldn't find anything related to rigging these games, you are citing news articles with nothing but allegations as a source. I would suggest going back to school and learn how to properly cite the sources if you are trying to back up what you said. edit: I would have never had a problem with what you said if you admitted from the beginning that what you said was your opinion. Instead, you wrote a story, a questionable one at that, and made it sound like it was a legitimate fact yet you couldn't even back it up other than bunch of news articles with allegations.
Then we win the 2014 draft. Easy.
I think at that point everything just gets way too complicated.
Im still pretty salty over the second mexican goal that shouldnt have counted due to foul but ref refused to look at VAR. that would have sent us to the round of 16.
Oh yeah. That reaaaaally pissed me off. Completely forgot about that. Thanks for reminding me that I hate houston with a passion.
Just a pocket change. /s
Well he already played a year of college, so unless if hes interested in playing nhl/ahl, he will go back to michigan. Although he sounded like he would prefer to play pro, but who knows until we actually sign him
Very true. Just wishful thinking 😭
The thing is the taxes differ on where they play - so for 41 games they pay the home province/state tax and when theyre away they pay that state/provinces tax. So i think it will just be way too complicated to make it that way
These are beautiful. You should get vaxjo pettersson and michigan hughes
I think your cup windows closed, but thats just my opinion 🤷‍♂️
3 years would have been good, but 4 years make this deal iffy
Caps window was actually a revolving door
I think theyre stuck in “just good enough to make the playoffs, but nowhere good enough to actually make a cup run” phase
Mbappe: “i hope you enjoy your NT retirement, Messi”
Quick was pretty hot this playoffs and they still got swept. Im sure kings probably could have advanced to at least second round if they didnt meet vegas and red hot fleury But im not really convinced this roster can win a cup. If they prove me otherwise, then good for them...but i think they need a little more to be truly a contender again
youre actually right. the current kings remind me quite a bit of the 2012-15 canucks actually edit: bunch of great but aging core tied to big cap space and not being able to have much depth, &amp; not so good prospect pool
while thats true, theyre also the only team in the recent history to achieve that.
Kovalchuk was a good pickup but i was thinking more on the depth side... if we were looking at the kings on their top six forwards/top 4 defense/goalie is without a doubt one of the better teams in the league... but it feels to me that your depth falls off a bit. I think what was scary about your team in 2012/14 when you guys won two cups was not only a strong top end but your overall roster depth seemed insanely deep - i dont get that same vibe anymore
Well yeah, but you guys still wont be able to significantly improve your prospect pool until you start your rebuild, which seems like it wont be happening anytime soon considering you guys signed kovalchuk
Kings really had a good team just hit with injuries during the season which led them to get hot later in the season and carried that momentum into the playoffs and won the cup. Also it was a 4-1 not a sweep
If those guys find their stride then yeah definitely should be a good season for the kings Is Vilardi ready for the nhl this season?
I live in Halifax, where do I sign up for my dual citizenship?
Gonna have to start posting cat facts instead
Okay i leave halifax and they NOW bring five guys to halifax??
Its all about the halo wars
We have a moon as a president Get on our level
Yeah haha
This is so perfect. Before i saw this i thought there better fucking be 차태현 or 박중훈 and there they were. (Although park himself is a fantastic actor in a non-comedic role too)
Im in Korea right now and there are three major telecom companies (SKT, KT, LG) and LG has decided to use hwawei for their 5g network. Theres been a pretty significant frustration from the people here and people are dropping LG for other telecom companies now
The other two companies have decided to use a mix of samsung, ericsson and nokia even if it costed em more. Its making it look horrible for LG for using huawei (after doing some research apparently theyre the first company to use huawei 5g networks outside of china) because they claimed the other companies were too expensive, but since the other mobile carriers spent more to get more reputable company’s, it shows on hindsight that LG saved money in return for the security of their customers. There are many american soldiers stationed here, and anyone whos had LG are dropping them. Also dropping LG are many government officials and businessmen. Also apparently the korean govt doesnt really regulate these kind of stuff, they flat out just said its up to the carriers to decide if they use huawei or not.
While caps definitely had better attendance, total attendance shouldnt really used for argument because they play like twice as much as the lions
I can confirm that shes genuinely a good person. We had mutual friends in my first year of university so ive seen her around and she was a really nice person and liked by many. It was about a decade ago so my memory is really hazy but thats how i remember her
Lotte is closer to the city (like way closer) but its smaller in scale &amp;#x200B; Everland has more interesting rides but its so far away
Woulda probably said the same thing about madden if it was preseason but hes been putting up elite numbers as a freshman
man, if this is not a recession and if its only gonna get bad, shits gonna get dark real fast
This needs to win commercial of the year
I still remember when i landed in tokyo for the first time in 10 years. I stared at the JR line map on my phone, standing in front of the tokyo metro station for a solid 30 minutes. Couldnt figure out where I was I eventually figured it out.
Well theres haneda too
So youre saying the client is like your family
Yeup, i wasnt born in the 80s but the protests in the 80s were fucking insane. People just lived their lives being so used to tear gas. I heard of this story where in busan (i think) there was a friendly match between korea and some country and the match had to be suspended because the other team just couldnt play because of the tear gas but the korean team was fine lol
Cant beat em? Join them
Yeah you can have goldobin back for some scrub named erik karlsson
well shit I live in an island now
Hockey isnt big here but good chunk of the korean hockey fans are nucks fans
I mean, vancouver does have a lot of koreans. But i was talking about korean hockey fans.
nope, I was half joking. Korea is practically an island already. Although the peace talks have been heating up and they are talking about how Korea will build railway systems in North Korea (because their current one is a mess) in return for korean trains to pass through north korea.
Korean tourism could do soooo much better, promoting stuff like this. I get that bibimbap is great and its also great for vegetarians, but there are soooo many better options they could promote
very true, but guys who go there/live there care more about basketball than anything, haha. &amp;#x200B; When youre in Canada youre exposed to hockey the most so if people enjoy it they get into it and it usually ends up being vancouver or toronto(another city with tons of koreans)
Yeah its definitely close to the chinese community for sure, haha. They would never have a preseason game in korea sadly, if they cared about the korean market one bit then they already would have sent the nhl players to the olympics this year.
I pay ~65 bucks for 100 gigs of data + after that the speed is capped at 5mbps for rest of the month. This is in south korea and i do not miss my canadian plan at all
Even sasktel is below average to the rest of the world imo
Thats legit a good deal in a canadian market lol
Really?? Interesting. I die for those.
I turned the game on and nucks scored two goals right away You guys can thank me
well deadpool is the worst hero ever Edit: i should have mentioned this was a joke. Im from vancouver and i love ryan and deadpool
It was just a joke, im from vancouver lol
Well TIL
Some profs are cool with rescheduling it for midterms. one prof rescheduled it for me during midterms but it was out of her own discretion
Congratulations vietnam! Korea cheered for you yesterday
I buy my hanshin gear generally from rakuten website
It will say if its available for international shipping if the seller does offer it.
Those are some big fat contracts
&gt;maybe I’m missing something Yeah, it was the nucks player getting injured.
I would love to see you have the same kind of response if it was Stamkos, or Point
Thats a 1 for me, dawg
I was born and spent my childhood in Korea, so eating delicious “western foods” like pasta or pizza were a rarity. In grade 3 I used to beg my dad about ordering pizza for dinner every day, and one day I think he just got fed up and bought me nothing but pizza for like a week straight. First couple days were amazing but eventually i got so sick of them, I stopped begging my dad for pizza
Numerous times I had cases like this where I had 69.5 or 79.5 in classes (and a 69.2 once too) and all of em were rounded up. I guess if you went to classes and left your mark in class they will give you a small bonus
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT209096 None in South Korea. I went to SKT to ask about it and they said they have absolutely no plans to have esim there
Youre fine. Grats on B+. If the class average was too low then sometimes they just curve it.
This is about the right comparison.
They dont deserve to be on the RoH. Theyll have to make do with the retirement of their numbers.
I thought you were making a joke so i responded with a joke, but yeah, its an either thing hahaha
They stole your team. Please beat em. Also if you win that means you guys will be above .500. Hope you guys achieve that after years of frustration.
Yeah, all come from the letter 四 which is pronounced the same as 死, just as you said earlier.
Im pretty sure its kun-yomi and on-yomi. All Japanese Kanjis have two different pronounciations (chinese-derived pronounciation and traditional japanese pronounciation) and its like how 7 is pronounced nana or sichi.
Yeah idk what these guys are talking about. No teams won the cup that year. I remember it vividly as a 3 year old.
No, haha i was born in Korea. I didnt know anything about hockey until I moved to Canada when I was 12.
Hes the reason why i wake up in the morning
Or TD and 2 point conversion :p
4 safties vs 2 safeties. What a game that would be
Yeah, they are all a bit different. Kind of like ice hockey. All rink’s board dimensions are a bit different, but its negligible.
FaceID is nice when you live in a cold country like me and have to wear gloves during the winter
There was a thread like this couple years ago and 70-80% said benning. What a turnaround.
There was a government agency in my province for immigrants called ISIS. They quickly changed their name to ISANS after that
Constant top 5 best cities to live in in the world vs. One of the worst big cities in the USA. Your choice.
It was a bad hit, but did it really warrant a 4 game suspension in the playoffs, nonetheless the stanley cup finals?
Somewhere between 0-100%. Willing to bet my life savings on it
Both seem extremely aggressive now
SK’s 11 is freaking fast
What a save by japans keeper
Japans corners look absolutely dangerous
YES
Good game
His oldest son is a fuckin monster. I have no doubt that hes gonna be a professional athlete
He gives me hope as an obese korean
I remember this. This video led to absolute frenzy in korean sports media, talking about the best friends’ rift in the locker room, and how ryu is inconsiderate and so on. Turns out they were just playing around.
Yup. Im from vancouver and many of my friends drive down for blue jays series all the time
MIRACLES EXIST BOYS
Fucking insane game. Woke up at 3:30am for this game and every minutes been worth it
HOLY FUCKING SHIT BOYS
VAR would have had a hat trick
Im sorry to hear that :(
Lee kang in is second coming of korean jesus
Omg another VAR review One more and i might pass out
It didnt look bad at all. He was just tired from having to drag his massive balls all game.
For fucks sake
&gt;like we’re north korea Does this mean we “eliminated”all our oppositions and won stanley cups 50 years in a row?
Him spitting facts
It was a shit call but you simply cannot allow 4 goals during a major. You just cant. Plus you guys had plenty of favourable calls on your end. And this is coming from a nucks fan who absolutely detests the sharks.
If you meant it in that way, yeah makes sense for sure
I think he needs a bidet in his life
I love him
Kang in’s confused look before giving that killer pass is so cute
Jesus GG ecuador. Last 10-15 minutes almost gave me a heart attack
Dont forget stielike won like a boatload of games when he first came too.
Absolutely ballsy move that paid off thank god
Nope. Definitely not haha
There wasnt really big talks about 2002 world cup members getting exemption as a preferential treatment, but what changed was actually after the 2006 world baseball classic when korea lost in the semifinals the govt granted the roster exemption. Then people started complaining
Cant forget jo hyeon woo, who destroyed the germans in the last world cup :)
야인시대 meme is best meme
Michael Del Zotto is a stanley cup champion holy shit
2011 canucks :(
This is a scientific breakthrough of the year
They lost by 3 :(
Exactly :D
Swear to god i saw him celebrating with his full gear on when he won so i thought he played... he must have dressed when it was obvious that the blues were going to win
Thats a big no from me, lol
Vesey to nashville would be funny
WTF?
Come home caufield
Actually three. Panarin gon sign with us
This is beautiful
Best: Naslund trade (lou trade a close second imo) Worst: cam neely trade without a doubt
No it wont. Because we wont wear that jersey anymore
All the food is served at the olympic village for all olympians. When I volunteered there, they had whole bunch of food readily available whenever for athletes. Same standard is set for all other olympics. There were countries like the USA who brought in their own dieticians and chefs for their own athletes, but as far as I know Japan was the only country which legitimately only fed their athletes with all ingredients shipped from Japan because they couldnt “trust” the korean ingredients and food.
I can only dream, haha
I think the best course of action here is for the flames to move back to Atlanta, and use the current calgary logo as the C for captain logo.
Its also celebrated many other asian countries, hence the canucks called it the “lunar new year” which is what it should be called
Im digging the rat as the skate, as this year is the year of the rat (not marchand)
it is 100% it is him. He completely admitted it himself. Looking back at it, the movie was right in some ways so that's pretty cool
Not specifically vancouver, but all of my professional jobs i found from linkedin. Few years ago someone told me to make a linkedin page i was skeptical, but now i recommend it to everyone who asks.
This was supposed to be the big weekend for me with me flying in from Seoul and my friends from Vancouver to have a blast. Until COVID ruined it all..
lol, the sign says "I want your shirt lee" and the team staff specifically told him not to give the shirt to him. Then he just resorted to taking pictures with him instead. Not sure what's wrong with that.
Thats just for domestic players. They have a different pay rate for foreign players. Russell’s contract is reported to be at 530k USD. Average KBO foreign player salary this year is around 6-700k. And these are just the reported salary, many foreign players have a deal under the table that doesnt get reported in the KBO. Puig could probably easily get upto a million dollars, and that could be more than anything he earns this season in the MLB, considerin that there are a lot of uncertainties. Id rather be paid 500k for sure, than chance it to make 1-2mil.
Im Korean and all the source I found were in Korean. However this article from couple years ago provides some numbers for these foreign KBO players. https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/2018/12/28/Baseball/KBOs-final-foreign-player-signed/3057480.html Like what you said on your quote, they capped the salary at 1mil per player last year, and most teams spend as much as they can on the foreign players because theyre a huge impact to the teams performance. Edit: royalsreview isnt wrong, because those numbers are for domestic players. The league and the team count the whole salary for domestic players and foreign players differently. They even announce the foreign player salary in USD, not Korean Won.
If ottawa wins the lottery, will we be able to know if it came from the SJ pick or their own pick?
