I'm a trend agnostic. I've no idea what's trendy. I think it's better to just be yourself and make yourself happy.
Seems a little hypocritical to not subject women to that as well.
Oh I don't care either way. It's just sex. Numbers mean nothing to me.
I'm facebook acquaintances with a few people dating back to first grade . I think the oldest solid friendship I have dates back to 7th grade, and even then we only "chat" a few times a year. We don't have a lot of things in common, but we have beers together and catch up when we're in the same town. Most of my close friends are from college or work.
I'm still friends with a couple of exes. I messaged one the other day to let him know that we'll be in his area next year and we're going to be staying with him and his family for a few days.
&gt; deliberately mispronouncing Asgaard Ass-place
I couldn't see because of the curtain but I made my husband take pics. It's surreal to see me just gaping and internal organs kind of splayed open. Science is cool!
It never made a difference to me. I was usually alone as well.
Skynet
If I'm genuinely interested, I don't wait.
Depends on what s/he needs time for.
There was a post on r/marriage a few months ago where one of the commenters said something like "in a good marriage, it's like playing life on easy mode". I read it to my husband he agreed. Our lives are just easier; we have better incomes, a cool kid, we get errands done, we have companionship, we have love and adventure, we stay fit together, we travel well together, we have a great time doing the most mundane things together, we laugh a lot together. Overall life just feels better than when we were single.
After a few months, probably before we moved in together so they'd have my current address. Their opinion about my SOs never really mattered to me.
I'd get real weird with it and freak him the fuck out.
The same as any sport: it's a thing that exists in my periphery but I don't pay any attention to it.
Megan Draper from Mad Men. She always looks flawless.
Absolutely not. I've actually stopped dating a couple of guys because of it. I think Sirius Black said it best: "If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." Not that wait staff are IN ANY WAY INFERIOR (I've done time in both retail and waiting tables), it's the spirit of the quote that I agree with. The guys I dated perceived wait staff as inferior and were rude as fuck. That's a hard pass for me.
Yes. I also use "dude" in a gender-neutral way.
Not original commenter, but I figured out how to manage night bleeding by the age of 14.
The year that I had three presentations to do at conferences in addition to serving on a national committee, I ended up with the trifecta of a yeast infection, UTI, and BV all simultaneously. I was very very happy for that month to be over.
Oh yeah I started eating plain greek yogurt daily and it's been a huge improvement. Also, not bringing stress like that on myself helps too, heh.
About 21 years ago this chick got super drunk at the holiday party and threw up in the fish tank at the restaurant and got kicked out and banned from the place. Also, that chick was me.
Planning on going to England for a few weeks in the summer to see friends.
Because steak is good. Bacon is good. Burgers are good. Ice cream is good. Cheese is fucking amazing. Butter makes everything better.
Rarely. I think our last argument was over which was the best MCU movie, and it was more of a disagreement than an argument because everyone knows that the answer is Infinity War.
Hung out with friends, had some drinks.
Pooping, wanking, showering, reading his phone. Any combination of the above.
No.
Sure. It's within our rules, I don't have a problem with it.
It's still in the bag, never got around to cleaning it.
Plain greek yogurt
I don't really categorize salads by season, they're mostly based around leftovers. Taco Tuesday makes taco salads on Wednesday, leftover steak used as the protein in salads the next day, same with leftover shrimp. Stuff like that.
Not a fan. Ashy elbows and heels snagging sheets and cloth grosses me out.
I wanted a drive-thru vegas wedding, and he wanted grand. We did grand, and spent a fair amount, and had a fantastic time. I don't regret it at all.
Well with work stuff, I just don't view those people as important enough to be worthy of my emotion. They're my coworkers, not my friends. Same for really anyone who's not in my immediate circle; I don't let people live rent-free in my head like that.
Nothing. I'm brand loyal to nothing except peanut butter and tampons. Unless there's some sentimentality about it, I toss useless shit.
I understood that reference
I usually just get naked. Unless it's winter and cold, then I keep my socks on.
It's so inappropriate but I totally laughed; I recently watched Gone With the Wind again and it made me think of that line "we're house workers!"
Just fyi, I think fajitas are overrated. They always smell fabulous but then I'm stuck assembling my own food and wishing I'd ordered a chimichanga. I always pee after sex to avoid UTIs.
When I shower, work out, do dishes, clean.
Then she should have taken it up with him instead of repeatedly asking about our relationship when it was clear that we were in no hurry.
I do it for 2-3 years while investing smartly, and then retire and swim around in my cash like Scrooge McDuck.
r/tihi
Stop fixating on height. Be interesting, funny, and confident.
I was hoping to find a comment like this. My favorite book is King Rat and I can only imagine how badly my husband would mangle the accents and intonation. I can hear his comments in my head. It would be awful and I'd never be able to read it again.
Fit, attractive, funny, smart, geek
not me, but my kid has long hair and we've found that putting it in a loose braid leads to fewer tangles. she hates combing her hair and i hate trying to untangle her mini-dreds, so it's a win-win for everyone.
It starts the morning after our first one, when we wake up and go grab brunch, maybe hit a bookstore, then back to bed for more sex and light reading.
I can't think of anything I wouldn't admit to here that I also wouldn't admit to IRL. My best friend and I have discussed pretty much everything, labia farts and period sharts and all.
It's not my style at all. When we moved into our last house there were words on the wall saying something like "life is not about the breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away". We changed it to say "life is about breasts".
I love the part where I do the invisible seaming and leave it just a bit loose, and then about 2" later I pull and it all comes together and you can't even tell there's a seam there. I feel so accomplished.
I think it's a great idea! I've done it many times.
Track calories, burn more than I consume.
They're beautiful! Can I ask, how long did they take, and what yarn did you use?
I don't hate animals, I love them! They're super tasty!
Really? Most people I know (including the women in my circle of friends) love it. We quote it regularly.
Time to go! I'm not going to be a part of any of that.
I'd rent some movies and grab a bottle of whatever and if i happen to be awake by midnight, I'd watch the fireworks from my window. That's the way I spent several NYEves in my 20s.
Anecdotally, no.
There were several times I tried to valet my car and couldn't because the drivers couldn't drive stick. On the bright side, they let me park for free.
Not as frequently as I should. I get a mammogram every year though.
9 shots of jagermeister. The smell now makes me recoil.
I never really made a big thing of it. See a guy i like, go up say hi, ask if they want to get a drink some time. Sometimes you get a yes, sometimes you get a no.
I kiss them on the cheek and give them hugs. I've done it when I've had boyfriends and I've done it married.
1-2 times a week. Sometimes more if we have a few days off and the kid is away. Less if we're busy/tired. We've been together 19 years, married 11.
Nothing. They mean nothing to me.
Happy Hippie shower gel. I love it because it's bright and citrusy and wakes me up in the morning.
Bonkers. It's a game from the 70's and I still have the original board and pieces. "It's never the same game twice!"
So, someone who wears gear-appropriate clothing for their hobby? Cool. Is there supposed to be a problem with this?
Of my waking hours, I'd estimate I spend roughly 60% alone. I'm not currently working, my kid goes to school, so I'm alone from about 7:30am-3:30pm. Then she's doing homework or whatever while I make dinner. I'm usually up an hour or so later after everyone goes to bed as well.
If it's a pub or dive bar, I go with beer. If I know the place has good cocktails, I'll get a Dark &amp; Stormy.
The Expanse, The Good Place, and Brooklyn 99.
I don't get anything out of it, I only do it because he likes it. It's called a blowJOB not a blowFUN.
Shy guys don't usually frequent the kind of places where I'd pick up men. Also, the bar scene isn't particularly conducive to conversation.
It's still hanging in the closet, stained and wrinkled. It's been 11 years and I just can't be bothered to do anything with it.
Depends on her age and how the other parents felt.
35 was the perfect age for me.
It was only painful before I realized I was allergic to latex. Switched to non-latex condoms and now it's awesome again.
I'm gonna play it safe and stick with 20. That was my goal this year and I read 31, but I don't want to get cocky and not make it.
My bad! I feel like I should have been paying better attention. It's pretty commen in our area.
Someone less than 60 years old. I like Warren, but I'm having a hard time voting for old people for president. I want some young blood. But I guess you get what you get and you don't throw a fit.
I think she gets more done in the Senate. Plus, I just think she's too old. That's not against just her, that's my feeling in general. I'm tired of old people running the show. I want some young blood again.
She's launched an exploratory committee for it, which pretty much assures that she's going to run.
Sure? I mean, I said I couldn't remember exactly.
I already knew it, nothing to find. His posts are about what I'd expect.
Mostly just went out clubbing or to bars.
I don't. We don't have to have the same hobbies or interests. We have enough other things in common to maintain our friendship.
No. If a boyfriend gave me that ultimatum, they would no longer be my boyfriend.
Thanksgiving and when we go to the all you can eat sushi place. That's about it.
I fill his car up with gas so he doesn't have to.
Permitted by who? When I was single I guess I "permitted" myself to have them.
Murder/assault never even crossed my mind. This was in the 90s in LA, maybe it was a simpler time? Maybe ignorance was bliss? But I had decent radar and if the guy seemed skeevy I wouldn't pursue and I'd lay down a hard no. I never found it risky.
No experience with them. I just view them as guys. And like all guys, some are better than others.
Most patient and tolerant husband ever in history.
That's a no brainer for me.
How dead are we talking? 3 minutes or 3 weeks or mummified?
Never anymore. 20+ years ago my answer would have been weekly.
Beer is always my go-to
She makes me so proud. Shes so self aware and has this crazy confidence. I like to say that she came out at 10, but we're a very liberal family and she's always been aware that Love is Love, so when she told me it was less of coming out and more of "I like this girl, but sometimes I like boys too. But right now I REALLY like this girl... mom I'm bi" and I'm all "cool. Tell me all about her!" Her dream is to become an lgbt/aclu lawyer who is also an artist. Man, this kid. I will always have her back.
There are no silly reasons. Sometimes you just need a break.
Either hot or very cold. Sometimes I'll make a pitcher of iced tea and use a couple of tea bags of Earl Grey in addition to the regular cheap black tea and it adds a nice subtle flavor.
K. I guess it depends how you define your household chores? I don't see any chores as sexist. Shit needs to get done independent of genetalia. I usually do the dishes in our house, dude gave me a break. Damn. Sometimes I put his laundry away when he's overwhelmed with shit...is that sexist too?
Allergy shots, flonase, over the counter meds
I don't. I pretty much already dress as I want. It's the weather that has determined today that I cannot leave the house without a jacket and umbrella.
I use one. It's whatever one I grabbed from the linen closet before my shower, could be a bath sheet, could be regular size. It's always a gamble.
Yes, just recently in fact. I had too much to drink and tripped on a crack in the sidewalk and landed on my face. Broke my glasses and had a huge shiner that lasted almost 2 weeks. It was on vacation too, so we spent the rest of that week with total strangers looking at me with concern and staring daggers at my poor husband.
We've moved to two different states in 13 years, each one with different allergens. Each time I have to go through a new range of allergy tests in order to get the shots and at this point I think I'll just give up and take a daily cocktail of allegra/zyrtec/claritin with a flonase chaser.
Zero. I don't buy into "society's views". The people who think like that aren't people I waste time on.
I love travel. LOVE it. But I also want to retire. So we're stable and aggressively saving money so that when we retire we can spend our years traveling.
I add a little milk sometimes
62"
No reasons. If it was a guy I actually liked I'd make time to talk to him.
We average around $170/week for 3. We're in a higher cost of living area though. And about $25 of that is spent on seafood at the local fish market.
I can throw a football with a perfect spiral.
Lol no because I support women's rights
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Just don't be an asshole if she says no.
There's an app called You Are Your Own Gym that I do 4-5x a week. I also bought an inexpensive spinning bike and use the CycleCast app for spin classes.
Enjoy? None. I'm barefoot unless I have to leave the house.
I'm not. My husband and daughter get annoyed because they keep trying and I just look at them like ...what.
We met at a bar.
Hard pass. Because being a victim of human trafficking isn't something I'm interested in. Saw your edit, yes my answer is still the same. I'm not for sale.
I wear a band that he gave me waaaaay before we were engaged all the time. I only take it off when mixing stuff like meatloaf with my hands. I wear my engagement ring when we go out, and then I switch the band to my right hand and wear my engagement ring on my left. I do not have a wedding band.
I'd probably be in The Colonies
We're so mean because we don't want to be literal sex slaves. So crazy, right!? /s
I like my last name more than I like his. It did not cause any problems.
I don't recall ever caring. I guess it's because I'm old? Maybe things were "different back in my day"? I grew up a tomboy, I wore what I wanted (much to my mother's chagrin), I've lived the life I wanted. I'm raising my daughter to be the same way. Just...be herself. "Society" be damned.
Same
I don't know what that means. Are you having a stroke?
I work from home too. In addition to regular workouts, I also have a timer set to go off every 45 minutes and I take a quick break to stand and stretch for a minute and do some jumping jacks. Gets my blood circulating and gives my eyes a break from the screen.
Rarely.
She has a liver of steel.
None. I didn't even know it was happening.
Unless he's clearly joking that's a hard pass for me. Likely he wouldn't get a second date. That's way too needy and clingy for me.
I don't have a problem with it. Just let me know your pronouns and I'm happy to comply.
SciFi is my favorite genre although I love books from other genres as well. For SciFi I'd recommend [Dune](https://www.goodreads.com/series/45935-dune), [The Expanse](https://www.goodreads.com/series/56399-the-expanse), the [Miles Vorkosigan saga](https://www.goodreads.com/series/98250-vorkosigan-saga-publication), and [Snow Crash](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/40651883-snow-crash?from_search=true). Other favorites of mine include [King Rat](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9827.King_Rat?from_search=true), [Harry Potter](https://www.goodreads.com/series/45175-harry-potter), and [The Dresden Files](https://www.goodreads.com/series/40346-the-dresden-files).
Yeah I always took the day off work when a new one was released because there was no way I'd go to bed until it was done.
When I was single I went on a lot of first dates. I dunno how many. Maybe 100 over the course of 8 years or so?
I don't go to the gym. I use an app called You Are Your Own Gym and work out in the mornings while watching Netflix, and a few times a week I use an app called CycleCast for spin class on a cheap spin bike (also while watching neftlix). On weekends I'll go for a run or bike ride with the family.
I'm friends with some exes. Because I really like them as people.
Doesn't change my vote; he wasn't getting it anyway.
Read
Poor sex/health education in the US. Limited access to birth control/sexual health resources.
No. Because I'm not attracted to them.
I lost 20 pounds and then over the course of a few years gained about 10lbs back because I got lazy/negligent. Guess what, having a sedentary job + drinking and treating my body like a garbage dumpster resulted in weight gain! Lost it almost immediately again when I started eating healthy and moving more. So, no it's not hard for me to maintain it, all I have to do is move more and not eat like shit (which I should do anyway, independent of weight).
I don't really try to balance it, because it will never balance. It's teamwork, triage, and compromise. My husband and I are both parents, it's a team effort. He's also a partner in this relationship. Nothing is ever 50/50 balance with any of it. Some days it's 90/10. Other days it's 30/70. Sometimes one has to take care of after school stuff so the other can finish work. You just figure it out.
Parenting.
I don't buy what I don't need.
Trump supporters
Wendy Kroy/Bridgette Gregory in The Last Seduction. She's just fun to watch. She has no internal conflict, no real reason to be bad. She just wants what she wants and doesn't care who she has to fuck over to get it. And now I have to watch that movie again.
Thursday nights had the cheap drink specials!
I have literally no idea how to rate my empathy level. More than a trump supporter but less than an animal rescue person? I don't actively dislike animals, but the only time i really like them is when they're on my plate. Preferably with a sauce of some kind.
His smile
I have more energy and fit into all of my clothes.
I understood that reference
I love the natural light and the moonlight and I'm too lazy to close them.
50 is about 2.5 years away, so I imagine I'll be pretty much the same as I am now: momming it up, working from home, counting the days til I retire. Hope to retire in my early 60s, and my kid will be in college, so my personality will probably be the same but I'll be travelling a lot more and day-drinking might become a hobby. Same with 70/80. More hobbies, more time, more travel, same personality.
I like that I can currently work from home and have a very flexible schedule. I dislike that it does not pay as much as I'd make if I had a traditional job with a commute and coworkers.
My daughter is 11 and sometimes I still don't feel ready lol
I guess ambivalent because I didn't know the NBA finals were even happening, let alone who was playing in them.
I don't wear a dress at home, but I'm usually in leggings and a shirt with no pockets. I'm not sure what I need to really carry in the house though? If I'm going to another room and think I'll want my phone, I pick it up off my desk and carry it to the next room and put it down. That's literally the only thing I might need to carry into a different room. If I'm leaving the house I'll probably put on jeans and stick my phone, keys, wallet in my pockets. Or wear a jacket and stick phone/keys/wallet in pockets.
The Gipsy Kings. Most of my friends are aware of my love of 80's metal and broadway shows, but it's always a surprise to them when something from Gipsy Kings starts playing on my phone.
The Square where the old courthouse is in Denton Texas.
I spent 8 sleeping, 7-8 working, the rest is spending time with family, reading, working out, relaxing with a book or video game, knitting, eating.
That feature women would be the Dune series and The Expanse series.
Shahi paneer
Probably not notice. I'm pretty much in my own head and paying attention to where I'm going, not making eye contact with strangers.
9 years
Yuck
He does not like the edge pieces of lasagna or brownies, and I don't like the center ones. So he's definitely my ideal type.
Kid hugs. Mine is 11 now and hugs aren't as frequent, but when they happen it's like hugging pure joy and it's awesome.
About $700 or so. We moved from a southern state to a northern one. It's cold here. I needed a real coat, long underwear, and layers.
YES that feeling! They're testing boundaries and gaining all kinds of confidence and independence, but sometimes they just really need mom.
Nutella, beer, taco bell
Sometimes I can tell myself "shut up brain, you're tired" and I can go back to sleep. Other times I just get up and read for a while.
Sure, we've had the numbers talk. Mine's higher than his, he didn't care.
My engagement ring. Why? Because he proposed to me with it and I love it.
Young Johnny Depp was hot in a generic 80/90s way. Current Johnny Depp has not aged well and looks grimy and weird.
As someone who works from home, I wouldn't even notice.
Pros: smooth for weeks, no sharp itchy stubble, I don't have to shave it. Cons: can be expensive
&gt; why not just be like men and let it look however Because my straight wiry pubes poke up in my vulva sometimes and itch and occasionally get stabby and hurt. IDGAF how it looks, I like how it feels. In that it feels smooth and decidedly UNpokey.
No, I assume that it's bright outside. Unless it's night, and then I assume he's Corey Hart.
Rule 1: you don't talk about Fight Club.
When it's time for bed.
As a woman, I also loved and enjoyed the movie. I did not watch it for or care about the message, I just really loved it as a movie. So much so that my now-husband and I saw it on our first date (second time seeing it for both of us). Although to this day, every time we move I loudly declare "we don't own stuff... our stuff owns us" and then swear I'm never moving this shit again.
It wasn't even on my radar.
She'd probably try to fuck you. She got around, and I was the result. At least she was bright enough to put me up for adoption.
Depends on the year. We tend to make more of an effort for 5, 10, 15, etc. Than we do for 3, 7, 12.
Same as I feel about women: some are better than others.
I've never tried it but I'm adding it to my "must drink" list. Update: I bought some and did not make it through the first one. That shit is WAY too sweet for me. Now I have 7 cans of assorted flavors that I'm never going to drink.
Hey babe, you just let me know what to call you and I will do it. Please forgive me if I slip up a few times though, but know that I'm doing my best. I've got your back, and I will always hug you.
I usually just wear a black dress, or black pants and a grey/dark top.
I only had one stuffed animal. It was a squirrel, and there was a hole in it, and that's where I put condoms. So we could be fooling around, I say something smooth like "wanna fuck?" And then I pull a condom out of the squirrel's ass.
"Hi. Can I buy you a drink?"
I found out years later when he emailed me to let me know that he wasn't over me and he made a mistake and would I think about giving him another chance. Boy, bye.
Probably the tax refund honestly. The rest of it is pretty much the same.
I don't get sick that often, maybe once a year or so, so I use my sick days and take it easy til I feel better.
No story to tell really. I saw guys at bars, said hi, struck up a conversation, asked them out. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didnt.
Comfy clothes and advil.
Moving again. I am so sick of boxes.
All of them are awkward moments in high heels. i'm not a high heels person.
At a bar
Fair enough. Doesn't impact me.
At my current job, 40 hours. But I love it so it doesn't feel like 40 hours.
No, he thinks it's hot
Being done with moving.
All of them unless one of us is traveling for work.
Sometimes, if I think the guy is attractive. I notice my husband's a lot because he has some jeans that highlight that asset and I get pretty handsy when he wears them.
Don't skip leg day. I like people who make their health a priority, and working out can definitely help that goal.
An apartment all of my own. No roommates, no SO. Just me, alone, and it was lovely.
We had 2 RSVPs not show, but that was it. Pretty great turnout.
Taco bell. It's fast, cheap, and tasty.
Open bar.
Lol no
I'm 47 and my dr thinks I have cubital tunnel syndrome because my pinky and ring fingers are tingly and numb sometimes. I'm going to a hand surgeon next week for confirmation so that's fun. Other than that I'm all good.
Clean bathrooms and clean sheets on the bed.
Out of Gas - Firefly
CharDeeMacDennis...the Game of Games
20 million dollars
"Life"
Goddamn I'm so hungry now
Nemesis Games is my fave as well! I devoured the latest one in about a day and now I have the long wait for the final book. Please tell me that you've also read the short stories?
When we've had a successful first date. Or if I'm coming on to you at a bar.
I don't hide it but I'm not open about it. We live pretty frugal lifestyles though, so it's entirely possible they have no idea what our financial situation is really like.
porque no los dos
Costco/Kirkland shower gel
I recently saw a post by Jim Butcher saying that he's finished the final chapter of Peace Talks. I can't wait!
Fighting off a cold, knitting, watching Catch-22, probably be in bed before midnight.
I intend to wipe the sweat off my face.
At bars, online, or personal ads (because I'm old and they really were a thing once).
College and work.
I keep seeing west african peanut stew coming up lately. Do you have a recipe that you'd recommend?
If you use minced garlic or minced ginger a lot, buy a few bulbs of garlic and several things of ginger and then just do batches of them in a food processor and put in glass airtight jars and stick in the refrigerator. Both last a very long time in my fridge and it saves time on prep.
Fantastic, thank you!
I don't think about them at all.
No, but my ideal wedding was renting a party limo and doing a drive through wedding in Vegas. Alas, my husband wanted the traditional big wedding.
Loved him in The Tudors but then he got too beefy for my taste.
I have the 660 Curries cookbook and it also has the ginger and garlic pastes mixed with oil. If I know I'll be doing a lot of Indian in the near future I'll do a batch of those to have on hand.
lol! Well I did add all of the ingredients to this weekend's shopping list!
The Hunting Game. Cover looked interesting, I was in the mood for a mystery. It's okay but nothing special. I'm struggling to get through the last 50 pages.
As soon as he showed up my husband and I turned to each other with a "OMG yesss!!!" face. But we're super old (48) and saw the original trilogy in the theaters. Ep 9 was a total nostalgia trip for us.
Laughter. Especially if my husband is with me, because then we get to laugh about it together.
Great! We've been together for just over 20 years now.
why?
I feel like he's gonna be sitting there with a salty dick like an idiot. I don't eat popcorn.
We have a private message board and chat regularly, and plan a yearly get-together.
And putting his salty dick away after. And you know the popcorn grease soaked into his pants. That would be the last date for me because I don't date fools.
I offered to convert to Judaism for my husband so that our kid would be technically Jewish. He's an atheist-Jew, I'm just atheist, so it would totally have been a "going through the motions" thing but I figured I'd offer just in case. He declined.
24 hours sounds like a lot. After two hours of constant attention I'd need a break to be alone. And I'd probably want to spend 10 of those hours sleeping. The rest of the time I'd just want to do what we always do: play a game, watch something, I guess I'd ask him to cook for me. Oh, he could do the laundry AND put it away because I'm super awful at that last part.
My initial though was "of fucking course" because every day has to top the last.
yep. this.
&gt; some kind of forceful retaliation is possible I had that thought as well. And I'm glad I'm not living in a major city right now. Near one, but not in one.
His face
"oh we're playing that game? excellent, time to play one-up and see how far this can go"
Stop holding hands and put on gloves.
I didn't. I learned that I was happier single well into my late 20's than I was when I was in relationships. So I just enjoyed myself and dated around (or didn't, and just hooked up whenever I felt like it).
The Beach Hut. The original location in Manhattan Beach closed, but if I close my eyes while I'm eating I can still hear the waves and smell the ocean. It's all about the notalgia and the Royal Hawaiian.
Because they like the designer/quality/experience I guess? It's not my kind of place for everyday clothes, but if I had a special event and the means to afford it, I'd drop $500 on something nice.
How. Dare. You.
Spicy balls? Fuck if I know.
Yellowtail Chardonnay, because it's cheap and easy drinkin'. But I'll happily drink whatever's on offer.
&gt; is it really that much of a difference? Yes. In some cases, you're talking about a much higher quality of fabric and hand-stitching that will last decades with proper care, vs something crapped out at a sweatshop that will fall apart before the year ends.
My best friend has hair down to her waist and it takes many more hours to color her hair than it does mine (chin length). So yes, naturally, she should (and does, without complaint) pay more.
Ones with liver damage probably.
No. I think that's when the fun begins.
Cleaning cum out of the nooks and crannies of a sex doll better pay more than minimum wage.
My lips and cuticles got dry and rough just imagining a world without vaseline.
My friends and I are equal opportunity joke-expensers. Why poke fun at one gender when all of humanity is available?
Doubtful. I'm pretty active and want my SO to be active as well. And honestly I'm just not attracted to overweight people, and physical attraction is necessary for me. And yes I know that's shallow.
If I had to choose I'd pick Brad.
lol no
My daughter came out to me when she was 10 and we were living in TX. Like your dad, I asked if she could only tell people she knew wouldn't have a problem with it (she went to a small school and there were quite a few Trump-supporting families). We moved to Massachusetts later that year and it's so welcoming here. She's active in her middle school's QSA (queer straight alliance), she's marched in the Pride parade, we laugh that there isn't a closet big enough for her here. We're all much happier here now that she gets to be her true self.
I'd relive the moment my husband proposed. Everything about the whole day leading up that moment was perfect and when it happened it was one of the happiest moments of my life.
I had unwanted side effects to all of the hormonal methods I tried after having a baby, so i stopped.
Sunblock, towels, water, goggles, a book, portable charger, dry clothes, money.
I'm boning The Young Pope himself, Mr. Jude Law. I'm 100% okay with that.
Is that like a beta-blocker? I cant take those, they interfere with my prednisone.
The minimum requirement I require is zero toxic masculinity.
Are you talking about the Magic the Gathering nerds from that buttcrack photo album from a few years ago? Hard pass. Or are you talking about how geek culture is now accepted and widespread and it's okay to be a "nerd" now? There's a huge range of "nerd". I married a gamer/book loving/scifi/comic book geek who's also fit as fuck and hilarious.
If by "charm" you mean "showing my tits to the bartender for free beers", then I've used my charm for free beers.
About 6.5 years
I've been diagnosed with pericarditis (it comes and goes) so I get stabby chest pains a few times a year. Usually occurs after a bad cold or bronchitis or if I'm treating my body like a garbage dumpster. I take aleve twice a day until it goes away.
Work, laundry, cook, eat, read, sleep.
It did in the 90s but I don't think Ice T and Body Count have really been relevant for decades.
No. IDAGF about shoe size. It baffles me that this is something men obsess about.
None. I feel lucky that most of my sexual activity pre-husband took place before internet porn was as widespread. I was able to get a lot of fucking out of the way before porn changed the way women were supposed to look and fuck. Sure porn existed before the internet, but it wasn't as prevalent, and magazines were still a different medium than the staticky late-night Cinemax option.
At a bar
Snitches get stitches? I dunno it depends on the severity of the crime.
Dunno, what kind of books does he like? Is he MCU or DC? Does he like to travel? What's his favorite food?
I would not be happy with that move. I'm not a fan of any anniversaries overlapping with holidays/birthdays. Keep them separate IMO.
&gt; Imagine being divorced and every birthday reminds you of that god dammed proposal Exactly. Or if they proposed on xmas or valentine's day. Constant reminder.
Oh dang shout out Denton!
Vaginal. Like Maude Lebowski.
Maybe. Depends on the couple. But if things go tits up I wouldn't want the constant birthday/holiday reminder of what might have been.
I'm indifferent
Unfortunately spot-reducing isn't a thing.
omg I haven't watched that in years! Such a great one!
If it's important to you, you'll make the time. Instead of burning 45min on reddit, spend 45min learning a recipe.
Oh yuck I'd forgotten all about that.
If it's the one I'm thinking of, and I'm unfortunately certain that it is, a woman who was so self conscious about the sound her poop makes plopping in the toilet asked if anyone else makes a ramp with their hands so that it slides in without a sound. Imagine being so worried that your shit makes a sound that you actually handle it with your hand so that no one else knows that you're defecating.
I'm turned off by anyone of any gender who wears perfumes of any kind. Perfumes give me migraines.
I'd wait a few weeks, maybe a month at the most. Hard pass on waitng til marriage, that would be a sign that we would not be compatible at all.
TIL that's why my daughter is a lesbian.
I feel normal. I keep in touch with mine too.
Separate. It was just easier and we never got around to changing anything. It works for us.
I make them in the instant pot and then broil them in high for a few minutes .
Because he needs a lot of therapy and I am not a therapist.
I like to play some of them. I do not like all of them.
Together just over 6 years when we got engaged, then another year before the wedding. Perfect amount of time for us.
No. I don't like beards at all.
I want it donated to a medical school. I don't care if they have a memorial service; memorials are for the living, I'll be dead.
Bonkers. It's never the same game twice.
Don't care.
Food &amp; stuff
Seems like it's mostly affecting older people and those with compromised immune systems, so I'm not worrying about it.
No. Aint nobody got time for that.
no
because my laptop wont fit in my purse, and my purse wont fit in my backpack.
The one closest to the bathroom because I have to pee.
NTA. My husband is going to another country for business for a week and I've already given him a list of things to see and take pics of if he gets a chance because I'll probably never get to.
Now it's time for eight abortions.
NTA. You sound like a good friend.
I'd roll towards him and ask if he needed a hand. Or a boob. Or a vagina.
&gt; Someone to clean the house &gt; &gt; Stop over and do some laundry and change sheets 1000x this
Nah. I know he'd never give me up or let me down, but neither will my husband.
History: the HBO miniseries Chernobyl sent me down a wormhole and I'm sure I'm on some kind of watchlist now after requesting so many things from the library.
Not really.
Yeah the first thing I did after the interview was withdraw my application.
I made him cry with laughter a couple of weeks ago.
The new Dresden Files book available for pre-order.
Exercising regularly and getting 7+ hours of sleep. Amazing what a difference it makes. Wish I'd have started this in my 20s.
Their eyes and smile.
Like I just found something cute I guess
I've enjoyed both of those things. What are the downsides?
I cook less and spend more time watching tv and knitting or reading. It's usually not so bad, but this time I'm dealing with a broken wrist in a cast and he's not here to wash my hair for me so I'm feeling grimy as fuck.
Nothing. he gets the day off because he's awesome and romantic and thoughtful the other 364 days of the year.
Laser hair removal. It was totally worth it for me because now I don't have to deal with getting waxed and my armpits feel fantastic all the time.
I'm not concerned. I'm not old, young, or immunocompromised so I should be fine.
Lol right? Yikes it's just a sandwich.
Yes, several. I lived in LA for years and one of my roommates was getting to be famous at that time (he's a household name now). I have friends whose parents were also pretty famous. They're all just normal people in my experience.
About 3 minutes. I work from home so I just go downstairs. Some days I don't even comb my hair, I just put it in a ponytail. Get up, pee, wash my face, get coffee, start work.
Mac and cheese. I just don't like it at all. Homemade, blue box, restaurant, doesn't matter it's all gross to me.
No. Perfumes and colognes give me migraines.
We'd go to the library, get a stack of books, and read. That's it, that's the whole day and it's exactly what present-me and past-me would love.
Go out to lunch with friends or other wfh coworkers.
Pretty much everyone. I'm not a people person.
Read, watch something, get up and start my day and log into work, if it's warm enough throw on some clothes and go for a run
Habit and discipline
Sterling Malory Archer
lol I understood that reference
Regularly. For 20 years now.
The office. I work from home.
Follow her lead. People grieve differently. I, personally, wasn't that affected by either of my miscarriages and carried on, and found it pretty awkward when acquaintances would express their condolences. My close friends though, they knew me, and they never said a word. What they did do, was send a basket of wine, which was much appreciated.
I don't. What you see is what you get, I censor and curate myself for no one.
Lean gamer/reader/geek
I rate this one Meow Meow bean
Ooh that's nice!
Anywhere between 5-6:30 depending on what I'm making.
Black bean pasta salad
I'm a light sleeper, and I don't get back to sleep well if I'm woken in the night, so that'd be a solid no for me. If he could do it without waking me, cool. But he can't. I need my sleep.
shhh just go back to sleeeep
Two adults and a tween who eats like an adult. Depending on what I've got on the menu that week, plus other things that I'll get if we're out of (shampoo, tampons, paper towels, coffee, etc), it'll be anywhere from $50-$150.
I dated a LOT of people, mostly just for fun, but there were about 3 other people who were pretty serious. I feel fine about it, I had a great fucking time (literally).
What are they reading, what are they watching, who is their favorite character, what kind of music are they listening to, what do they like to draw, can they show me some of their art, what hogwarts house are they in. And follow up all of those questions with "tell me about that book/show/character/etc" and let them lead the conversation.
If it makes you feel better about yourself, great. I've had friends who've had work done and you'd never know unless they tell you because they had really great surgeons. I've also had friends who did not have good doctors and they were less satisfied with their results.
Oh god is this a new porn thing that we're gonna have to live up to? Jesus christ.
Those first few months of sleep deprivation.
A house.
Bridesmaids paying for their own was the norm when we got married. I let them choose their own dresses though, with the parameters that it be black and midi-length. I figured that way they really could have a dress they'd wear again, since most women (at that time) had a "little black dress".
that one hit me so hard
Red is my favorite color so I send that one to my husband. My bffs favorite color is purple so I use that one for her. My daughter is gay so I send her all of the colors.
Lol we went to Walmart and bought those cheap onesies after our first poopsplosion "ugh throw it in the trash!!" Neither of us wanted to salvage it.
We talk about them anecdotally. There wasn't a specific "we're going to discuss the past" talk, but sometimes thing would remind me/him of a past thing and we'd share it and laugh.
I don't think about it at all. Going topless is legal, acceptable, and common in many places.
Weird. I get this "wait do we know each other? you look familiar. How do I know you?" feeling.
Make a crazy face and strike a pose while surreptitiously throwing them the finger
I do, but only for fun and I don't put a lot of money in. I use etrade and put in maybe $50/month tops. It's been a great week for the stock market though, my NCL stock was up 80% on Friday. Buy low!
No, and I don't think that's entirely legal to ask in the US. How you "juggle work and home" is none of their business as long as you show up and get your work done.
No, and I don't think that's entirely legal to ask in the US. How you "juggle work and home" is none of their business as long as you show up and get your work done. I'd react by asking if their HR department is aware that they're asking this question. I'd also let them know that if they feel comfortable asking this, then this would not be the best fit for either of us. Never forget, they're not just interviewing you, YOU ARE INTERVIEWING THEM as well.
I sleep better and have more energy
My upper back; arms/back day was yesterday and I'm feeling it today.
Dafne Keen, probably
Once or twice a year, sometimes more, sometimes less.
People don't change overnight. It takes time. In the time it takes for a person to "change completely" I'd have likely moved on to someone who didn't need to change at all to be the person I wanted to be with.
He said "hi". I said "hi" back. Kinda mutual.
coffee and yoga
I didn't love the majority of the people I dated. I dated for fun, not to fall in love.
Same things that make men boring: dissimilar interests, uninteresting conversation, lack of things to talk about/do together.
I don't get annoyed at all. "Natural" makeup is fucking hard, and they have to wear plenty of it for lighting purposes.
My best friend can take a shower with full makeup and it won't budge. She has some miracle primer that she uses and her makeup holds up until she uses some kind of remover to get it off. I was stunned.
&gt; Joan Holloway specifically the green wiggle dress That one, and the red one with the bow on the back that makes her look like a present.
Controlling and occasionally abusive, but I was 16 and didn't know any better. Doesn't affect the current one at all, that was 30+ years ago.
The bar is on the floor.
My husband is a dad and has DatV and fantastic forearms and good lord I love his dadbod. So yes, I fucking love bods that fit dads have.
I don't find the sport itself attractive, but I enjoy doing sporty things with a SO. Kayaking, hiking, rock climbing, those are things I find attractive because a) doing something together and b) the fitness involved to do them makes for an attractive physique.
In a ponytail or in a bun on top of my head.
I can't believe it's 2020 and they're just now finally doing it, but better late than never.
Sounds like you've met my parents. They refused to help with my college because "we're not going to pay for you to meet a husband". Because according to them, that's all college is for.
That type of thinking puts me off entirely. Literally the only kind of car that would impress me is a mint condition VW Thing.
Like a meat sack over a bag of bones
NTA but you have to find another dry cleaner now because you went scorched earth.
Top 3 pro: legal benefits, tax benefits, weddings are fun.
I use it when I sometimes say "howdy" to my husband and kid. Or if I use "y'all".
A note that my kid wrote and slid under the office door. She's banned from screens due to grades, so she hand wrote a note to express her displeasure: "I am the 1930s. 1929-1939. The Great Depression" Made me legit lol
Bruce Willis worked for scale in Nobody's Fool. He wanted to prove that he wasn't just an action star.
Deep breaths and go for a walk.
All of my friends are in the friendzone because we are friends.
Joe Goldberg.
My then-boyfriend (now husband) surprised me with a trip to Italy and proposed in Venice. Arranged the time off work without me knowing, managed to pack a suitcase for me, all of it. I had no idea. Best surprise of my life.
Cold lager, like just cheap budweiser is so refreshing after being outside all day or working inside and sweating. And I'll never turn down a pina colada.
It could be the middle of winter and if someone hands me a pina colada I'm immediately mentally someplace tropical. I recently discovered that Malibu rum + pineapple juice is a great alternative (because that's all I had on hand). Fewer calories too.
I don't think about them at all because they're shy and withdrawn and therefore not on my radar.
I exchanged phone calls with my biomom but never met her in person. I did it because I was having a baby and wanted to find out if there were any genetic health concerns I should be aware of. I was unable to contact my biodad because my biomom didn't know who it was "It was the 70's, it could have been anyone of 5 or 6 guys". Charming.
&gt; I was getting so panicked with being "stuck" in a job Never feel like what you pick now defines your future. Many people start out with one thing and change careers later. I started out in marketing and went back to school for my master's degree in my late 30's and now I'm a librarian. You've got time.
Low. My opinion of them is a low one.
"Whatever"
For me? Absolutely never. I'm not a professional and there is no way I'd even attempt it.
I work from home and I work out at home, so nothing's changed regarding my regular indoor exercise regimen. I've kept my strength up for sure. I also started doing yoga a few days a week and my flexibility has increased a lot. But I stopped running outside for a few months and I just started up again and omg is my cardio awful. That's gonna take a while to recoup that loss.
Better for what? So far my 40s have been better than my 20s or 30s.
I'm not a watch person, but I recently discovered that Swatch watches are a thing again (thanks to my tween) and I was immediately transported back to the 80s so now I might need to get a Swatch.
I was in one in college. It was a new town, big school, I knew no one, so I figured what the hell and I went through Rush. It was a fun experience and I still have some friends from the sorority. It's also very expensive. So, my experience is they can be fun and useful if you're feeling alone and want a way to make friends fast, but they're also pricey as fuck. YMMV.
I work from home for my job, so the only thing that's changed for me is that my husband and child are here 24/7 now since he's been working from home and she has remote learning. I still get up, work out, work, do some laundry, etc. My day hasn't changed at all except for the extra people in the house.
I have seen the movie, and while I enjoyed it, I'm still a huge fan of the book over the movie adaptation. Johnny Depp did a great job though, and Benicio del Toro is always flawless. I don't know who the target audience is for the book though. I read it as a teen in the late 80's because Slash (guitarist for Guns n Roses) mentioned in an interview that it was his favorite book. So, I guess if you're a GNR fan and you want to read Slash's favorite book, give it a go. It's a fun trip!
Because I've just spent a day with someone and at the end of it decided that one day was enough and I'd rather not spend another one with that person. Enjoying someone's company isn't enough to get me to go on a second date. There needs to be some chemistry, wit, spark, just something else in addition to that. Many somethings else in addition to that, actually. Enjoying someone's company is baseline.
legit lol Just throw it at her and run awayyyyy!
People were encouraging and I got a few compliments here and there. I went from 132 to 112. I'm 5'2" so 20lbs was a pretty noticeable difference on my frame.
Absolutely. Why would you want to be in a relationship with someone who doesn't know how or want to communicate with you?
I opine that it is fiiiine.
Agreed. It's okay for The Guys to always have beers but a mom drinking a glass of wine is A Thing?
I've been known to buy drinks for guys from time to time. No official policy, but if I'm chatting with a dude and notice that his drink is running low, I'll offer to pick up the next round.
I don't. Saving for retirement meets my needs more than buying anything (except for food) ever could.
I do not feel good about it. I preferred to date people I found physically attractive to me.
"Your kid is so freaking cute how old is he now?" But I already asked him that because we're still friends.
Before 7: reading and watching tv. Now, at 48: reading and watching tv.
But I would be proud to partake of your pecan pie
idgaf about his larynx. I care about his personality, humor, and looks.
Wish I'd known that (for most of the women I've engaged with) it was more about the connection instead of the physical. When I was single, I just wanted to have sex and preferably never see the person again. That didn't fly with the women I dated. They were not down for the "no strings sex" like I was.
"good job buddy"
Both are important. I wouldn't date someone at all who differs in the big picture stuff, so that narrows the field automatically. Once we're past that hurdle then we can get to the small picture stuff.
I didn't renew my passport and it expired wtf am I gonna do if we have to flee the country. Yes I know it's irrational. Yes I know that even though there's like a 6 month wait I can still get a passport. But at 3am those aren't the things I'm thinking of. I'm in worst-case-scenario territory at 3am.
Nothing.
I wish I could remember all of it. First course was champagne, strawberries, pate, crackers, and olives. Next was vichyssoise, then sole meuniere and asparagus with hollandaise. Steak tartare. I know I made a tarte aux pommes for dessert. I had drink parings will all of it so we were feeling no pain by the end of it.
Got called a prude yesterday because I'm not interested in showing off my tits or ass. I legit lold like whatever dude, go neg somewhere else.
Do you have a link to a recipe? Everything I try is giving me Dutch apple pie or Pennsylvania Dutch shoofly pie.
Both, equally. I miss restaurants and theatre and even just walking to a bar for a drink.
His hands look extra small for whatever reason.
Rent, groceries/essentials, sometimes books and yarn.
Short is fine as long as I'm also physically attracted to them. I dont require matching hobbies in my relationship.
Eleventythree
&gt; Do those people eat out EVERY night? You'd be surprised. Back in April I started seeing posts from friends going on about how they've cooked 2-3 weeks in a ROW. Like, okay? The only time I go 1-2 weeks without cooking is if I'm on vacation.
Fasten it in the back. It's difficult at first but you get the hang of it.
No. He's not a stable genius. I require more from my leaders than a 3rd grade education and constant meltdowns.
No opinion. Because I don't care.
Yes
Both
Belize. It was a nice week but the mosquitos were crazy.
&gt; reeks of young people with immense privilege to work from home, stay in touch with friends virtually, &amp; weather the storm I don't know that I'm that young. I'm almost 49 and I do all of those things. I also will be avoiding restaurants, but that's not a hardship for me because we only went to physical restaurants once a month at most pre-pandemic anyway.
No we moved in together at 6 months with the understanding that we'd eventually get married someday. And we did, 7 years later.
I've no idea. I'll occasionally take the test whenever these questions come up and then immediately forget it, so I don't feel too closely aligned with it.
I don't like to wear watches.
Neither.
None. I'm firmly sans watch.
Singles
We started dating at 28, six months later when we moved in together we were 29. We are currently 48.
We're still battling the pandemic here. I was already working from home pre-covid so nothing changed for me except that now my day also includes a husband and kid at home. Husband has been working from home since March, kid was doing online school from March til last week. Doesn't look like anything will change in the near future.
20 years ago
I smile and say hi
Someone around my height, could be taller or shorter though. Athletic build. Fit.
It is? Honestly anytime money gets loaned between friends I get a little wary. Never loan out any money to friends expecting to get it back.
I wouldn't be riding with him anymore, nor would he be allowed to drive our daughter anywhere. Of course hopefully this is something that I'd know about early on in the relationship because it's absolutely a dealbreaker for me. How hard is it to drive correctly!?
We were in our mid-30s and in well-established careers, so we could afford to go all out. Top shelf open bar, food all night, paid extra for a longer reception. Instead of opting for more "traditional" seating charts where you stick people with others they don't know (always annoyed me, I loathe small talk), we sat people with their friend groups. We played the Imperial March as we walked out after the ceremony and the Ewok theme as our last song of the night which cracked a lot of people up. We basically made it more of a really elaborate fun 5 hour party with a 30 minute ceremony and a formal dinner thrown in. We just didn't take it so seriously like other weddings we'd been to; we wanted a fun party, and we made it happen. I know everyone is partial to their own wedding, but we still get comments from friends saying that ours was the best wedding they'd attended and they mention highlights.
We definitely splurged but we also budgeted heavily. We had a nice printer, so we bought card stock and made our own invitations, programs, seating cards, and table cards. We scouted a bunch of locations, and our choice had a lot of flowers and arrangements already so we saved a lot of money on flowers. Little things like the invites and the music really made the wedding "us" and set it apart from the more generic weddings we'd been to. Make sure you make your wedding "you" and it'll absolutely be fun :)
Because I'm clumsy on my best days. I don't have the agility necessary for successful slight of hand.
Not a fan of beards at all. Buzz cuts depends on the face and shape of the head. Some are better than others.
I had that mom. We are not close. I was accused of drinking and sleeping around when I wasn't. But hey, if I'm gonna be accused of it anyway....why not!? Left home for college and never looked back.
Yep. The past few months my daughter and I have started within a day of each other.
She hasn't been on my radar for years. I didn't realize she was still around. I feel...surprised she was still relevant.
Worked, took my kid to the dentist, worked more, gonna go look at a house in an hour, more work, then order takeout and watch netflix and knit.
I'm actually relieved that we won't have to travel this year for Xmas (I'm pretty sure the Rona will still be rearing its ugly head then). My kid will be devastated to not see her grandparents but Xmas travel is a freaking beating. I'm not a Black Friday shopper anyway so I'm unaffected.
Like when I came onto someone at a bar and got shot down? Because that happened quite a few times. My response was along the lines of "ok, cool, well have a good rest of your evening"
I love it when it's the right time and place. A ballgown and diamonds seems a bit over the top to go to Chili's.
Bring a book and headphones. Ignore people approaching to talk. Make it obvious that they're a huge inconvenience if they persist. And keep reading because the book is more interesting than what they have to say.
I miss leggings and jeans and layers. It's too effing hot and we don't have a/c, so I'm usually working in a sports bra and boxer shorts.
I use this schedule when I feel like I need to get back on track: [How To Clean Your House in 20 Minutes a Day for 30 Days](https://www.apartmenttherapy.com/how-to-clean-your-house-in-20-minutes-a-day-for-30-days-131142)
Mine. I could have another kid.
Subscriptions to Spotify premium and the NYTimes. Sure I could use the free version of each but that upgrade is just so much better. Less than $20/month improves our quality of life.
No. Because my balance is shit and I'd end up with piss running down my leg and my landing on my bare ass. Not worth it.
Friday March 13. The day that everything changed. Husband's last day at the office, kid's last day at school. Full house 24/7 since.
"Coffee's ready" because he knows I hole up in bed on Sundays until I know the coffee is done brewing.
Admiration and respect. Takes a lot of hard work and dedication.
They hit their final form around age 38 when I was done breastfeeding.
I was motivated by frugality: clothes were getting tight and I was too cheap to buy bigger ones when all I needed to do was reign in the beer and nutella and get off my butt. I started counting calories and doing bodyweight exercise 4-5x a week and running/walking 3-5x a week.
exercise, get enough sleep, drink water, make sure my bills are paid
Pretty healthy with some occasional troubled times.
GOOD!
No facial hair please.
When he's my workout partner. My husband would take pics of my back and of me doing pullups to send to him. His wife would do the same.
It's successful in repelling me when I find out someone believes in that hokum.
No, I don't think moms are "naturally" suited to being entrepreneurs. Multitasking, community, and making stuff up as we go along are just life in general, and necessary for a lot of jobs (not just entrepreneurship). Some people are just better suited for that career in general, and not all are moms. There's a need to be outgoing and "on" and salesy too, and most moms I know are...not that.
I was a SAHW/M while job-hunting and I loathed it. I found it to be boring as shit and just monotonous. I did it for 7 years, and I ended up going back to school for part of it so I could switch careers and go back to work. It's just not for me. My husband was the SAHD for a while in-between jobs and he loved it, and would have been happy to continue if we could have afforded it but he makes substantially more than I do so he only did it for about a year.
