we're all shite tbh
Also, while I never would, what other people spend their money on is up to them. Quit the entitled bullshit of telling people what they can and can't spend their money on.
How does a this harm anyone? Video games are a luxury, not a right. This hurts only the people who buy into this luxury. And it doesn't hurt anyone even at that. If a company uses this model stop buying their games. Simple as that. I don't buy rockstar or EA games. That's your choice to support companies that follow this model. I have plenty of fun never spending money on this stuff.
Or, you could just say no. Don't get why people think they need a reason.
Good look. Don't be afraid to say no without a reason, but also realize they are people too and it's nice to help out.
Everyone here seems to have worked for some shitty bosses. Never been an issue for me to just say no. Not a brag, but maybe it's because when I was at work, I worked harder than everyone else. &amp;#x200B; In fact I slept in one time because I was hungover, they called an hour into my shift to ask if I was coming in, I said "naw, im too hungover I'm gonna sleep" and there were no repercussions, just "oh, okay".
Explain Mullen. Checkm8 moon deniers
Well, way different work now, but back then, mcdonalds and bars.
That's valid.
Who cares? You can't copyright a dance move
Dunning-kruger effect
And inputs are tied to frame refresh afaaik. More frames, more chance of your input being accepted on time.
I'd like to point out 1ms means nothing. That's the Grey to grey number, not you input lag. Most gaming monitors sit around 6-12ms input lag. I agree that companies advertise 1ms on their boxes, it's extremely misleading. Go to displaylag.com if you wanna read up.
So should is top paying all these games that have attractive males as their leads? Or games that have men sexualized? No. And it happens often men just don't make a stink about it cause we don't give a shit. It's a video game.
It'd be better to try SOADs subreddit, no?
Not properly hat complain about their home town are usually boring people. I love my hometown but for some reason hear people complain (albeit rarely). That's because you don't have any hobbies and do nothing.
I'm a Redditor first, I'm everywhere baby
Wiat why does this make him a dummy? He's right. If you don't like it don't buy it. Why is that a bad thing to say?
I dunno, I respect it. He has has his values and does the let a company paying him change them. Maybe he loses his jobs but he keeps his integrity
I also saw the Reddit post on CEOs being psychopathic. I'm not defending anyone. I'm just trying to make sure perspective and empathy have been considered in your decision making. All I'm saying is you don't know people you havent met.
I'm not? Maybe he's a shit head. I don't know that. And neither do you. That's all I'm trying to convey
And same?
Most people in this generation dotn give a shit. Its just this vocal minority of SJWs
You need help man
Yeah a couple of these comments are just making me sad for these people that they think this way
theres a difference between being toxic and being egotistical
Or don't be so picky and you won't have to worry about tolerating anything
No, if you aren't picky nothing will bug you.
No? It means I never had issue with anything in the first place. Learning to tolerate implies you gave up on your morals or values
Sorry, I should have phrased it better. To tolerate means to ignore the fact that someone goes against your values. That's not healthy for you. Too many people settle. Be patient, you'll find someone you don't have to "tolerate".
I know the whole "cognitive bias" shit but I have never heard this until today talking to an American friend. Then I read this reply. Insane coincidence.
No it's not. He's right that the lady being pregnant is irrelevant. Whether it was a pregnant lady or burly man, Jon would have acted the same way. The lady being pregnant doesn't change the tragectory of his actions, it's just added as a sensationalist bit of information to help strengthen the narrative of "he's a bad guy" He's a bad guy regardless for what he did or who he hit
Not pros but I do know we have some GC female players. And we have a quite a few females who stream RL as well. &amp;#x200B; It's a numbers game. The more females that play, the more likely a pro will come out. Esports just in general though has low female to male ratio, but it will develop over time.
Melee is the most competitive smash version and Ultimate is trash
Cool
It won't pass. There'd be riots.
My mom is Karen and she's super nice, bias aside.
$60
In my area UPS drivers just stop in the middle of the road for delivery cause there is literally no parking. But no one gets mad cause we know that's just how it be
This isn't really a real concern to have. A lot of these devices have back ups that work without internet. I have 4 Homes, 10 phillips hue bulbs, a ton of Nanoleaf panels, 4 chromecasts/audios, an iRobot vacuum, and a nest lock. I can attest that nothing has been "shitty" for me, the consumer. They all provide a great convenience to me.
Tbf sometimes you just forget. There's so much history in RL now because of the double seasons a year, even we forget stuff sometimes.
I was more worried about discord and rocket league being down D:
Yeah obviously there's gonna be micro transactions. As long as it's cosmetic though who cares. You get all the maps dlcs at no extra cost. Everyone is going cosmetic MTs, wouldn't make sense for this game to not follow suit. Edit: I don't care for cosmetics, and I won't be buying any micro transaction items. Just saying I don't care if it's in the game because the gameplay is unaffected.
I don't buy cosmetics, just saying that if you thought there weren't gonna be any you are kinda dense. I don't care if there's paid dlc because i don't car about cosmetics. They don't enhance my game. "If it's cosmetic" isnt bullshit. It's my opinion and we're allowed to feel different about it. I don't care either way if it's free or not cause I won't use them
That's fine. You can feel that way. My point is that it's not bullshit just because you disagree. You're allowed to think multiplayer shouldn't be in the game, I'm not gonna tell you that that's a bullshit opinion. Some people like single player games better.
You don't have to buy the battle pass, those are just cosmetics. Until there's evidence that gameplay will be affected you have no point to stand on.
I don't think you understand what whoosh means
Uh oh he's bringing out bigger words I'm scared.
I said bigger words, not big words. Now who can't read. Jesus kid get over yourself
I'm not trying to do anything tbh. I just got time on my hands to reply. I see you down voting every post you should stop letting a stranger on the internet get to you. Thicken up that skin buddy
Projection? I'm not downvoting a single one of your posts. At first this was amusing but now I'm actually worried about you as a functioning human in society. (See I can make assumptions about your character without knowing anything about you too!) I'm going to stop replying now, so you can have the last word, I know you need it. Was fun &lt;3
I mean, he technically is. He's their Community Ambassador
I lived in West montrose for half my life. Always love rising my motorcycle around those parts
Everyone has different things that are important to them. Some people may be able to relate to Chester directly with what they have been through in life, and seeing him everyday can remind them to stay on a good path, or of the things LP got them through. I got a mural tattoo of the LP logo with Chester's wrist hot rod flames, and some hexagon for Rocket League because those are the two things that changed my life drastically. Every time I see them when Im exhausted or stuck I remember I'm in a better position mentally, and it helps me ground myself with perspective on how much better my life is now.
This is why I keep googles location services on at all times. Full direct evidence of what ive been doing, with tracking of all my google voice queries so you can hear it's me using the phone.
Yeah I started college when I was 17 for computer programming. I pushed myself through depression and fear of letting my parents down to try and graduate. I eventually, at 21, with 3 courses left to graduate, said fuck it I need to do me, and dropped put to travel Europe. Now I have the job of my dreams. Looking back I was 100% not ready for college and responsibility at that age.
Just a bad mic that has 0 low end.
I identify as a gamer and so do all my friends, and they are all just regular people. You probably have met 1 or 2 annoying people who also happened to be gamers. There are annoying people from every group.
I love satthew he's an awesome dude, but people that are surprised by this move kinda baffle me. He's a great player, but definitely the weakest on that team. I was predicting this a month ago, it's definitely not just because of one goal.
Why not Karma, drippay, or take some players from other rlcs teams.
He doesn't work for Epic lol
The issue is how people date in the first place. I NEVER meet people or persue relationships with the intent of dating or romantic investment. I meet and pursue relationships simply to be friends. If you do that, taking a friendly relationships to a romantic level is natural, and if that doesn't work, you know you were friends first before hand, and can go back to that. I'm friends with all of my exes (which I don't usually call exes) because of this approach.
Si
Using the word cringe is kinda cringe. Am I allowed to say the same to someone who identifies as an athlete? I get paid to play and talk about video games, can you please advise me what I am upposed to identify as then?
You'd have to ask him!
AnD??
Which will happen here too lol
The difference is that google provides great services, and they are very open about using your information. Your google profile also isnt attached to you, it's attached to a number that make a profile around you, and you can reset this numebr and get a new one whenever you want.
As someone who couldn't name that guy based on his face or name any movies he's been in, yeah I believe her. And I watch an average amount of movies
Note to you update: I have never used dev mode, and i have this issue. I refuse to factory reset as well
COrrect, but if you never provide them with that info then they can only make guesses. The point is that Facebook sells you, Google sells things about you. Either way I know what google is doing since they tell me, and I honestly don't care. I'm not doing anything wrong, and in fact, them knowing what I'm doing all the time helps in case any one wants to frame or cause me trouble, as I have recorded proof of what I have been doing
How long is it though, can we get some concrete answers? It's been 48 hours that I can't use my $800 purchase. It's starting to get to the unacceptable amount of time and I'll end up returning the device.
The issue is that they answered this same way two days ago. Why is there no official post with updates?
A sticky post would work, and yes, even if it's not solved, an update is nice. When google had that huge outtage the otehr day, they posted every hour or so letting us know that they think they know the issue, or they havent fixed it but they are zoning in on the issue etc. It helps us know if tehy have even found the issue to get a better time frame of what's going on. Right now, if i read the wording right, Oculus doesn' even know what the issue is, just that there is one.
It is, which is why it'd be nice to hear it from them without having to wait in line. I just waited in queue and got one of their reps to confirm, they don't have any solution to this. It's not hard to make a post update.
Why would I get over it? I'm allowed to complain that an item i purchased isn't working properly for over 48 hours.
Because it's comic sans dude.
Yeah a guy did a bunch of tests, its not awful, but certainly noticeable if you play anything competitively. AKA do not play fighters or shooters on this. Or basically anything that needs quick reactions.
He didn't say they weren't. Don't get why he's being downvoted.
I dunno i think it's gonna be even worse, as most casual gamers also play on TVs that add latency. You're looking at almost 100ms of noticeable input latency.
Source? otherwise, I'll go get my tinfoil hat too.
That's some awful logic. Just because my problem is small compared to someone elsewhere in the world, does not suddenly mean my problem is invalid. I never once compared it to some kid in a war ridden country not able to eat food. I'm simply bringing up an issue and asking, as a consumer, for answers. If I thought my issue was as bad as something like that I would be starting an awareness campaign to alert the masses. But yes, complaining does help, because it shows the company how to prioritize resources. If enough people show disdain, they can prioritize certain issue.
^
Just because its not reasonable to you does not mean it's not over all unreasonable
I asked them in chat support. They confirmed they have no solution found yet. https://imgur.com/BNF3W8e
And then you see him embarrass himself with eminem.
My comment wasn't directed at whether reddit could be manipulated or not, it was that he claimed it was the most manipulated which I've seen zero sources for
Yeah throttle is different than cap though. I don't have to stress about data used
I suppose eyou just gotta weigh it on your usage. Stadia will be a rare use case for me. I play games competitively so stadia is no good for that, I'll. Be using it more so if friends are over or I wanna play a narrative driven game, so I won't be hitting the caps.
I'm mean, if were looking at raw talent, MGK forgot to even show up to the race compared to em. Also everyone knows you NEVER mention Em's daughter, so that was pretty immature of MGK to do.
Sub 12ms* you won't notice anything under that. We don't even have monitors under 2ms
The "1ms" you see on monitors is not the input delay, it's the grey-to-grey. It's deceiving marketing.
Only article or was was some guy saying it's no different than the remaster, down to sound and assets. Not sure the point of this of you can just get the remaster?
*agreement from an unbiased pixel 3a xl owner*
thatsthejoke.jpg
👀
How has everyone in this thread recommended watching it, yet no one has mentioned what it is. How am I to watch this without knowing what to search 🤔 EDIT: okay I get it. It's called Spirit and about horses. I'll have to check it out.
The explicitly say "I want it to be just us" If you never say that your friend won't know that it's not cool to do this. The blame lies equally on your shoulders to communicate.
I wasn't drunk when I did that for the record
But... I wasn't. Way later maybe as I ended the stream, but I was not during that clip.
Oh YEah? You know him personally? Please go in depth in how he's a douche.
That's exactly my point. No one knows him. So calling him a douche bag is so unwarrented and unfounded Thanks for helping me with my point.
I didn't. I said "I'm sure" as in, I don't know. Then I proceeded to call out anyone who was judging him. I stated i don't know why he calling out anyone who thought they did. My point was very clear and I'm sorry if you missed it.
It's only annoying if it bugs you, and that wouldn't bug me. I wouldn't give two shots if someone did that to me if the game means jack shit.
Please show me the sentence in which I judged someone's character.
The only "catch" is late fees if you don't return them in time, but that's reasonable.
Ps those are memes
As a Canadian, I would like to introduce you all to Scott's reddit account, golden_c1utch. ^ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7HegNSoWs4
He never once insulted Canada. Just you.
I think it's a little more unbelievable that she memorized all those inputs for the show.
Considering almost all gaming monitors are 4-12ms, no you do not notice 5ms of input delay.
YEah I'm pretty sure he was talking about input delay. 50ms delay on a screen starts to become noticeable.
Yeah that word is used the wrong way so many time. It's okay to point out differences in race and culture and even have fun with it. That doesn't make it racist. It's malicious intent that makes it racist. Technically, you can't accidentally be racist so this thread doesn't really make sense.
Bro I love GH. Everyone go download Clone Hero it's free and has everything.
I played a lot of N64 but I never owned one as a kid, we all went to my buddies house to play. So we all got the experiences, but sales won't reflect that amount.
Actually, while you'll need to get an adapter, the Wii is the best guitar, it has the lowest input delay. Xbox was good as well. You can get the adapter on eBay ez
I posted link in my original comment!
Link in original comment!
It wasn't google. It was ID
Rule 2 is when this happens backwards because your butts are touching and poop is #2
He is correct.
Mozzarella is often fine for lactose intolerant folk so the sticks won't do much.
I've always theorized that's why we're "nicer" or "friendlier" in Canada, because we don't have an issue with guns. I can say something without fear of my life, so it allows people to be more open with each other.
I'm a PC/Sony guy and even I know Xbox won with Keanu
I mean, I thought it was funny. Sounded very sarcastic, like "hey like in the movies ya know?" kinda way.
I enjoy it very much. I think new arenas is all it needs.
I'm over 2k fans, been playing for awhile, and all of those things can be countered. Seems very balanced to me
:o goteeemm
That's why he's a meme, because he's nice.
Haha had to expect a bunch of RL folks to run over :P I see johnnieboi playing too
Deffo not in the morning I was at the studio for work at that time. Change that to PM and it's a different story haha
This has nothing to do with guns. Democracy is serving in a better state than the USA without guns.
I seem to be an odd one out. I got about 20 hours in and got bored, just not my style of game unfortunately
The biggest change was his inflections. SOOOOO smoooooth. He just inflected weird sometimes
Try this document for more songs and such, https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13B823ukxdVMocowo1s5XnT3tzciOfruhUVePENKc01o/edit#gid=0 Or this site for more! https://chorus.fightthe.pw/
I've you're doing air dribbles you definitely have more than 40 hours
I'm paying it everyday with a team against other top ranked teams. It's nothing like rl. Even the rotations and how fast strats change midgame are way different. I love the game, buts it's not like RL.
👌
He's well known for doing weird shit in fortnite, I wasn't even surprised when he posted here with creative stuff haha
Damn. Best I got was 156
Yeha I wasn't really tryharding on shots yet haha. Now I'm just doing wall jump shots
Pretty standard amongst some of the top guys now. Keep it up!
No, it's fine, just don't use the hard R s-word
Too many teammates ask for passes when they're right beside me. That does nothing. Passes are only good in the corners really, if your teammate aha momentum.
The bigger issue is servers, very laggy, so Doge's may seem more op. I do agree you should be able to read a Dodge and tackle them
There's actually nothing wrong with this. You saved it. Your client was behind so it saw the ball go on, but the server it self had you saving the ball from your teammates shot, so it rubberbanded the ball on your client to reflect what actually happened, making it look like it bounced out.
Deffo looks mad fake.
Replays can also be buggy. I had a replay that showed me hitting a ball off the post and then in, then if I skipped back and watched again, my car completely missed the ball.
OG Xl here, I got the 3a XL and LOVE it dude. Worth.
It's not rod a side grade than an upgrade. The battery life is amazing on the 3a, and the camera is even better than the OG. Those two things alone warrented the purchase for me
Fair. My situation is that I've never a charging port failure on any phone so it's never come across my mind. And I have LTE anywhere I go, plus WiFi at any place I go to. Even my cities core downtown has free WiFi access.
Welcome!
I was in a plane once where we hit turbulence like this. Not as bad, but deffo lift-up-outta-yo-seat type of shit. I think once you realize the plane can withstand it, it becomes fun, like a roller coaster and I actually fall asleep during light turbulence now. Granted i didnt get hot coffee in my face
They actually made an awesome game called Breakaway but cancelled it because not enough people were playing their Pre Alpha. Like do you not understand the words pre alpha and how that should not indicate a games success with zero marketing?
In Canada, I use it on rogers, but only with people that use the Messages app. Seems to be more an issue with apps not supporting it than anything.
Happens worldwide at big events. Avengers for sure.
It's no different than thanking the bus driver when you get off.
🧐👀
🤫
Wtf there's no such thing as a bad pun
NA chants LuL
Please don't remind us lol
I love jorbys awful throws. Please never stop 😂😂😂
It's when you verbally move to a new segment. "Coming up, this team vs this team, dont go anywhere" is a throw to break. "Golden boy on the stage with so and so" is a throw to Golden boy, or stage.
That's very unlikely why he's doing it. I point at people in my photos to make them the centerpiece of the photo, cause it's sick they even want one.
Any production will do this. You end up with an infinite video loop that's very distracting to the broadcast because the video feed is in the shot behind the casters.
Yes. That's extra dedication
Looks gorgeous! I live downtown and that section of it is my favourite aesthetically
I actually was sitting there watching and said to Lawler "damn, you know what, wavepunks play by play is so good."
? The RLCS studio has absolutely changed from the beginning. The one you see now has only been used from season 4-7. [This is the set we used for season 1-3](https://images.app.goo.gl/tHoCaQzjHhHmZMeM7)
Amen
Asian?
No it started when cj said it in the pretaped video, the crowd immediately started chanting it, then carried it from there
Also that's custard
Yeha I'm staying in Jersey and found a shop from that same company, says custard. So good
It's officially Rule 0 now.
The Gibbs is fucking mint 👌👌👌👌
^
To co-exist we must compromise and evolve.
There was a big Twitter thread and a lot of people agreed to compromise. Rule 0 is keep it up at 0, 1 is nose to nose. I say rule 2 is bum to bum 👀
F
Hoboken, flying out tomorrow.
Yeha just got finished with Golden boy in China Town. Also checked out the standard stuff like empire, central work, etc .
Yeha we did see the memorial. I was old enough to remember 9/11 so I had to see it in person. Also hi and thank you :) the weekend was amazing
I like your name
Canada's Wonderland is better than any USA one I've personally been to. But Canada's Wonderland is the only one I've been to in Canada
It's 100% not Eminem rapping. They are paying homage to video imitating Em. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMKPwQXReHs
I'm from Kitchener and I knew that was City Hall, just from the couple times ive been through, the buildings are too unique to misplace.
Now, is this hereditary or learned? Do they need to kill a lion first to teach them what they can do? or has evolution weeded out brave lions because we have killed them in the past?
I have a feeling tehre was a bet/fued/rivalry going on. He was caught slippin cause he fella sleep when he shouldnt have, or he did this to one of those guys previously. I think this is why he wasn't that mad when he realized what was happening.
I was legit grounded for 2 years at one point. I kept doing shit that added an extra week onto it. That includes riding my bike into a creek then cleaning it off with a hose. That's right. I got in trouble for trying to clean my bike off. I wasn't allowed to do halloweens or birthdays during those years.
It's crazy how much irrelevant shit is still on this sub yet we still comment, people still upvote, etc. It is hands down the most active irrelevant sub I'm apart of. I guess we all just really really really want another Cloverfield movie lol.
Is it just going to be the same as literally every other animal crossing? It needs full multiplayer or something to spice it up.
Why just local? Why can't Nintendo do online properly D:
In Canada almost every party is centre
Now I want a metalcore version
Naw dude this is great. It helps build a stronger case against him if he's allowed to speak out like this. Twitter is doing the right thing by not banning him while he's president.
Not on the corner of Francis street
Yes they are. There are Uyghers in Canada being spied on by China, with the CCP threatening to harm their families back home if they speak out or don't check in. Also when you live in China, they will only show you one side of the story, and the side they are telling frames HK add the wrong doers. It's state controlled internet, they can make you believe what they want you to beleive
Two things wrong with your statement: TikTok is a Chinese company, therefore owned by the state. All companies must comply with state. Hence why HK content gets removed instantly. Second, yes it is. If you are using collectives, the American people voted for Trump.
It's shit because it's a Chinese company, which means it's monitored by the CCP, and fuck the CCP.
This shouldn't matter. Get rid of your pre-disposed notion of what liberal and conservative mean to you. Judge them based on their platforms and actions. Regardless of political party, this man is a dick wad
Your opinion is wrong. I absolutely care, and the talks about the CCP needing to be stopped are increasing in the people around me, not decreasing. I never want to see blood and death. What a terrible assumption about people.
That's part of the humour
Unless they have a source that would prove it, you could very well be right, but I would presume it fair to think Italians have heard the word "Alright" is a song or too and just threw it in there, even if they don't know what it means.
ep 7 it becomes pretty clear where everything should be placed. I honestly didn't have much trouble following, but I think i was helped by reading on reddit that it was time jumpy before I watched.
I mean, monsters and magic aren't exactly real either. I'm okay with suspending my disbelief a little here.
Fair
Kux is genius. He's never left my top 5 players in RL strictly because of how differently he looks at the game. His mental process should mean that, unless any crazy ass new mechanics come out that he can't do, he will be in the RLCS for an extremely long time.
That's on par for this type of product tbh
Sony has been on a path of "let's just let our studios make what they want" and it's been working really well for them so far.
Yeah I use it for so many things. Turning my lights on and off, timers, reminders, playing music, playing netflix, turning tv on or off, calling people, directions, starting my roomba, and general inquiries like weather or store hours.
I never have issues. "Play the album hail stan by periphery on stereo" and boom its playing the album on my stereo.
It's also ignorant to say that just because you're a celebrity means you're out of touch with the real world. Some, most, maybe. But ti doesn't mean all.
This is a great video about the PS startups https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mIuKntRXv4&amp;feature=youtu.be
I will say that HFCS is a very American thing. I'm Canadian and it's near impossible to find anything in states with out it, yet here it's rare to find something with it.
You mean they didn't sell any of the condos at Victoria1 back there? .../s
The issue is not immigration. The issue is out side investment. There have been a have amount of Chinese investments that drive our market up.
As someone who uses multiple different VR headsets and plays on a 144hz monitor for standard gaming, the 75hz of the quest will not bother you. The quest stands on it's own as a headset. While it has its cons, it's a goddam great piece of tech.
It's hands down the comfiest headset out there. The next in line would be the rift so. Quest is the worst in terms of comfortability due to the battery and all the components being housed at the front.
Sorry, I should have said "not primarily"
Banger of an album
Thanks for this. I'm from Canada (soccer/football ain't big here) so when I see these team names I'm like "who?" and have no idea if it's big news or not lol. Ngl I even saw the FC Barcelona logo on a TV the other day and my brain instantly thought RL was on TV.
I need Gibbs to tldr this
Is this reddit's new crush? I've seen so many posts about him on the front page in the last 3 days
My work has being dealing with teenagers. Literally no one says that.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm almost 30 and I don't REALLY know who she is besides being married to Kurt Cobain. I think she sings or acts? But I've never heard a song or seen a movie from her. So it's extremely reasonable that a kid posting this has no clue who she is.
Yeah same. Glad a video is made to bring people like that to light though.
No? The people watching this won't make her fame rise, it'll make her infamy rise. This video does not help her become more famous. Martin Luther King Jr is famous. Hitler is infamous. There is a key difference. The more people know the truth the more word can spread to shut down what she is doing.
So you're saying that his content is only worth his subs? So Lele was right all along? He said "been" a youtuber, and simply that he has lived in the area she lives in. You misread, then pushed the exact rhetoric the OP video criticizes.
That's terrible reasoning. A phone can't go to both ears.
They certainly didn't. I've never watched it and I know what this is referencing.
I actually dislike Cavil's acting, but I enjoyed The Witcher.
To carry implies the teams product was good. And it wasn't.
ATS, at least by fan standards, is considered one of, if not the best, their greatest album. So here, in this place, it is most definitely not underrated.
Video probably could have ended at 20 seconds in. Make joke, get out.
#Americanproblems I just don't get why NFC is so behind in the US.
Right now GPMs "add song to queue" and "play next" is too good. I thought about switching to Spotify but their system is the big poop~~
Yeah but if he doesn't know, he probably assumes others don't know.
I mean, helping someone with relationship advice isn't really creepy. The rest is yeah, but not that part.
I'm sure that helped. Although lots of people laughed. Even Harvey Weinstein laughs at jokes that are subtlety directed at him.
That all OP mentioned. He targeted the advice part so I was just saying that part in particular is not creepy. If he mentioned other things then yeah, I probably wouldn't have even commented because i agree he's creepy.
Yeah a good host will read their guests moods before hand, and adjust thereafter. She knows they are in a good mood, let's poke fun at them and ask real questions a friend would ask, not one that a standard interviewer would ask.
That's the reading I'm talking about. If they didn't laugh with her, that style of interview won't work well, and she will need to adjust thusly The reading happens before the interview even starts
I don't even see my name on the chart so you win.
Is this the same one being investigated form the other day?
Just the nonchalant tone of your comment makes it better. "There can't be that many....oh, well, there are indeed a lot of lasers"
What do you mean "think". It's obviously a prank TV show.
Sending love from the mod team over at /r/LinkinPark Whether you knew Neil personally or not, the music he made can and did define so many people, and losing the person that created that music can feel like losing a part of yourself. As a Canadian myself, he was someone I would brag about to others from other countries. He helped establish an entire genre of music, and many artists I listen to this day were also built on the groundwork he set. I hope everyone is doing okay and if not, your friends and family are here, so console in them. Let the loss not break you, but bring you closer together. &lt;3
It's also a fuckign terrioble term. Someone tried to tell me I was mansplaining, simply because I was explaining something. Like, I don't care you're a girl, it has nothing to do with me explaining it. I'd do it regardless of your gender.
It's a simple matrix. They both run on the philosophy of Plato's cave, but the matrix had way more pieces to it.
For me it wasn't to understand more. It was to experience is beauty again. This was also at 1am I did this, getting to bed at 7am
I don't own a mirror because I'm scared of them
The idea is that just because you're not the target of destruction doesn't mean you shouldn't stop it, because eventually it may come your way.
In case you kind of enjoyed it.... try August Burns Red's album "Sleddin' Hill". It's a Metalcore Christmas album, which does include little drummer boy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJ1ERBewLdg
No, I want GPM. That's why I have it.
Matt Greiner is a fucking beast. Met them too, very nice guys.
While I love these songs, I fully understand and condone you never listening to another Christmas song again.
I wanted so badly to call him out on that but figured it wasn't the time XD
Going backwards with no vision seems way more dangerous than being essentially stopped to turn around, then having vision, which also shows people your direction of travel? Going backwards people have no clue from far balc they are reversing. This was the safest version hands down.
How are they an asshole? The bus wasn't going to fit through the toll booth they had to turn around. Research before judging.
Oh I agree there's safer ways, but given his sitch and time a lotted to get where he was going, this was the better "quick thinking" action
It was the video not the picture people are upset about.
I actually saw one as a raffle in a store the other day and straight up thought "wait shit, they exist still?"
All I could think was "well if that's the case the dick is probably co-owned".
Yeah tbh Ikea is a mini vacation for me. I preferred going to Burlington to look at everything.
No god no please I'm already broke and I can't help myself at Ikea
Email your local MP. I did and got a shit answer back. Hopefully minds can be changed if enough people speak up .
Isn't this what we call a breezi flick?
Wait I'm on the bus lemme listen Edit: I was fine until "AAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
We call that an American poutine
Québec has some of the best syrup, and I'm from Ontario so that means a lot to compliment Quebec. We have an unspoken feud for some reason.
Wait this got bad reviews? I watch as a kid, granted, but everyone I knew that saw it liked it.
Tbh it was the THX soundup that scared me the most whenever I watched it
And this is bad why?
That's a better option.
Good bot
F in the chat boys
No you're right, we're deffo dweebs
Yeah, I've only seen Jacob and Aztral do that in pro play
Tbh without a collective knowledge base and schooling, you'd just make things up that you think make sense too. Our ability to combine knowledge and pass that on is what makes us special.
Yeah I was confused, I was like... Duh? Am I missing something?
The d-pad on a controller (or numbers on a keyboard) allows you to send premade phrases or words to the general chat in the video game Rocket League, so you don't have to type anything. Some of them are "What a Save" or "Nice Shot!". There are more, but these got spammed the most because of sarcasm. Let in a goal? "What a Save!"
👌
Is this a quote from Holes? It should be if it isn't.
Yeha it's a book aimed at a younger audience, but it was still good. The movie, as with most, didn't quite catch the same vibe. But you seem to really like holes. So read and watch lol
Yukeo is my most improved player for S8. It's a team game, and between him and his teammates, he's found himself a good spot.
I'm assuming right because he just fails spectacularly
Which sucks. If it's getting cold stop tickling my balls, give me snow. Otherwise gimme warm. Mother nature sitting on the fence is the worst.
Climate change, brother.
So happy Linkin Park is the top post. But Robot Boy has to be the one that will blow people away how diverse that band was. Listen to Robot Boy.
Everything is depressing if you simplify it like that. FPS are just point and click simulators. MMPRPGs are just clothes gathering simulators. It's about the adventure behind it, or accomplishing a task. There's a reason people like it, even if it's not for you. Use your imagination.
While not anything super special, I agree, a plat player does not have that level of awareness of all the other players.
To add, check the @liquipediaRL twitter account as well. Good way to stay caught up. Ps. Welcome!
And I think it's a terrible attitude to be upset about some one wanting to play a video game. Why have such a negative approach to it. I had a guy stay when his teammate left the other day, and it was a good chance for everyone to practice ceiling shots. We all utilized the time, it wasn't a waste. If you think it's a waste of time that's your fault, no one else's.
Be the change you want to see
Are you kidding me? I live beside it and oh boy am I glad it's going. That's place is fucking greasy and disgusting.
I live beside it. It's suzzy af
Nice. I've already started making new bracket formats.
It's wild. I been on reddit for 10 years daily, the internet since 1998, and I have never seen this video, but everyone one here acting like it's a classic. It just made me realize how much content there is out there that you'll never see.
^
Why? Not really fair for you to dictate their culture.
The problem is that Samsung shouldn't even let a situation like this exist. Edit: I'm sorry I'm not understanding the downvotes, since no one has taken the time to explain it to me. Should they not prevent a situation that you can lock yourself out of your phone? Edit 2: thank you to the people who actually took time to explain it. Appreciate it!
With stock software? To me it just sounds like he just selected an option to turn it off. If that's the case that's on Samsung. They could enable it during the low power mode. But no one is actually explaining it to me.
Yeah I have a few friends using USB type c to run internet to their Switch
While this was my initial thought, I still wish them luck!
Thank you, I get it now!
That doesn't explain anything. "He can't do it but he did it" Okay, but how. Other people have explained it now, but this guy's comment didn't.
I was expecting him to turn white for the last one.
I don't get why this world be upsetting (beyond the heartbreak of course) If you regret buying anything and expect presents back, you shouldn't be buying them in the first place. Buy stuff for someone because you want to. That shouldn't change just because of a break up. I don't get why people are suddenly enemies because they aren't compatible romantically.
Robots ma dude I guarantee we will have diaper changing robots by the time it'll be a problem.
That is their goal. They use economic pressure to put political pressure on governments. The CCP wants control of the world, and they are well on their way.
Are you 15 by any chance? Your logic consistency and typing are like the edgy folk on myspace back in the days.
Simply knowing the timey wimey stuff helps. Someone told me it jumps around, and because of that I honestly found it very easy to follow along with. Without knowing, yeah might've thrown me for a loop for a bit.
Everyone here has read your post. There is nothing wrong with bringing up discussion, the issue is that you're being extremely aggressive to everyone that disagrees with you. If you're not open with people disagreeing with you, you shouldn't ask the question.
How else they gonna show off the Ray tracing? It's was definitely a part of what made them choose this direction.
I just find the concept of mandatory toll roads fucking weird as a Canadian.
What happens when you get there and don't have change? I don't carry any change on me ever.
Sorry my change I just meant cash. I just use cards or my phone.
Yeha that's why I said mandatory though. So many USA highways have tolls
The good thing is we have phages. Check out bacteriophages and phage therapy
But what if they do agree with everything? Two people are bound to have all the same interests with how many people there are in the world.
The best part is it sounds like he proceeds to say "Baller here" to add to the accidental insult XD
I travel around the world for work. I landed at an airport in a different country late, decided to wiat and try to find a shuttle, but eventually said screw it after waiting 30 mins. Get into the Uber and shoot the shit, eventually it comes up his nephew is from my town, and in fact, my hairstylist for the last 10 years. If I had gotten an Uber right away, or landed on time, it never would have happened.
No, the older you are the more likely you'd understand it. I'm 30 and used to watch this as a kid. Team Rocket have a Meowth as a companion, but ~~James~~ Jesse had a snake pokemon, Ekans (which is just Snake backwards)
I don't fully stand up. I sorta lift and enter a bent over squatting position.
Yeha this is a personal problem and just because someone was a dick to you doesn't mean you need to try and defame them and ruin their entire lives. Grow up.
Oops my b
"Far from perfect" You forgot the corrupt government that has concentration camps and stifles free speech.
I also liked that it was skill based. You could avoid red shells and blue shells of you were good enough at snaking. The new MKs are all focused on the power of RNG to make it "balanced"
That's the joke
That's why it's better. It fits the hitbox better
What the fuck are these comments? Fishy as hell man.
I dunno i think a tweet could still be done funny to announce. "Oh crap yeah, forgot to hit send here's our roster"
Firstly: there is no capital "s". It's "esports". Secondly: photographers tell them to do this, so it isn't "nobody"
I think it's lame someone puts down others for their interests.
Why is me correcting your spelling here bad, but when people do it in other threads it's fine? I'm just letting people know how it's spelled.
No, I am calmly telling you you're misspelling a word while you stubbornly refuse to admit it. Go ahead and keep misspelling if you'd like, but at least now you know you're wrong about it.
I work in esports. We call it esports. Professional gaming is fine too but esports is not incorrect.
Can't wait!
I can't see that being the best for input lag.
60-144 can absolutely make a difference between winning and losing. Edit: also jesus guys. Why are you downvoting this guy? Downvotes are used for comments that don't add to the discussion. He was absolutely adding to the discussion holy.
Ahhhh, i came to the comments not thinking someone else would be questioning the same thing. But it's reddit so I guess it makes sense. Thanks for solving it!
While I'm excited for more LP, this guy's music sounds like every other radio artist out there right now. Maybe that's what they are going for, but I can't say I'm a fan of this guy.
Also, youtuber/twitch money.
🤝
Confirmed
Make sure to pay the royalties
I always wonder if things could have been saved. Like, what you did was perfectly acceptable and in the right, but I wonder if instead you had said soemthing like "hey are you aware what you're doing right now is unacceptable?" Maybe there could have been a turnaround in his behaviour simply from that and you could still be friends?
The reason people won't ever stop is because they legit don't view it as privilege. I view the culture's morals as the base level of what a human should be entitled to, which would not be privilege. It's simply the way we look at it. Someone saying there is no privilege is not incorrect, it's just how they view what a human should be entitled to. If they think some humans deserve less, then yes, that is incorrect. But there's nothing wrong with looking at it different. You're not wrong and neither are they. The important thing to keep in mind is to see if they agree that all humans should be at the same level. If so, there should be no quarrels over what privilege is, as your goals are the same.
Their message is to prove capitalism helps humanity.
The point is that you won't know that until you give it a real go.
Or the only game you notice it. When I had internet problems it seemed like RL was the only game with issues, but turns out I just didn't notice it as much in games I was less experienced in and it indeed was my internet that was the problem.
It's not. Running a tourney on your channel to showcase certain matches is not a conflict of interest. This isn't the RLCS. "Competitive integrity" is a useless phrase here. If I wanted to I could invite anyone I want to play on my stream. Don't get why people get upset over someone creating free content for us.
Becuase those people aren't making money from the cars.
There is a small buffer. They added it back in like season 2 so we could watch EU games without weirdness.
Your edit doesn't change anything. America is on its ass and I'm very happy up here in Canada. America is not the world get over yourself.
And?
I'm very vocal about people freedoms, so I immediately spoke out about it. If Epic was being censoring by Tencent, I would have been fired. So the fact I'm still here means we can trust Sweeney.
I can't see any reason why they wouldn't be allowed to participate.
Higher numbers of incarceration for minorities is ≠ to the police targeting them. It could have to do with so many other variables that lead those groups to crime. It could be an oppressive system but that doesn't prove it. I'm not fighting this, just saying it's not always as simple as a direct correlation and we should use our heads while fighting for equality.
I have no idea how that works. There could be legal stuff through American law when it comes to dealing with HK that an American company has to follow. HK is by definition not it's own country but is allowed to operate as it's own. So legally maybe they have to treat it as China when it comes to these sorts of things. I have no idea, pure guesswork, I ain't a lawyer.
This is the most backwards logic I have ever seen. So the money my employer gives me for working is their money actually? If I build soemthing for someone like a deck, they money their give me for it is theirs? What? When you give your money to the company it's no longer your money. It's theirs.
I like when someone gets beaten down with logic. This was beautiful.
What does this have to do with defunding Waterloo region police? Downvotes are for comments irrelevant to the discussion, and that's irrelevant to our discussion about Waterloo police.
Yeah the defund police part is kinda silly, seems pretty knee-jerk. I'm all for change but assuming it will be fixed by getting rid of the police isn't very logical. Target the actual problems. Are a disproportionate amount of minorities being incarcerated? Check the social services, or education. Maybe it is the police force as well. But just assuming it comes from one source without research is in itself the opposite of what we what to achieve; It's ignorance. Let's be smart about change, not radical.
There's no hate from the general public. The general public doesn't even know this album exists. Most people stopped listening after MTM.
Same now that I think about it.
I know there are cobverter websites, but don't you still have to manually draw all of those?! That's dedication
The set's colours deffo help with that vibe XD
The second we party up I just say "hey dude let's try a few, I got a rule of 2 losses then back so solo let's get some dubs!" No need to lie, expectations set.
People need to look at the bigger picture When he's not president, all of this shit is extra evidence to be used against him to lock him up.
My assumption is that the guy was having serious lag. This explains the trail and the weird looking backflip
It looks so beautiful but I cry in allergies
Close the game and re open it. I have had 160007s, invisible body, unretrievable ships etc, and closing the game and launcher fixes everything
Yet you still order.
That would be "assembled is USA" But there are plenty of European countries that make goods without Chinese parts. I'll always pay a bit more to not support the Chinese economy until the CCP is dismantled. Better quality product, better peace of mind.
What's wrong with cbc?
Sounded pretty tame to me. There are some hard to understand accents but that, to me at least, ain't one of them. I actually find the SA accent to me quite pleasant in fact.
It's still frowned upon. Covid is happening and your parents will likely be at higher risk. Just assume you have the virus and act accordingly.
Naw this ahs been my experience as well. It's very underwhelming. Shooting is fun but all the other stuff they added in just isn't fun.
You can train the brain. Obviously everyone is different, but you brain adapts and eventually won't get sick, or at least AS sick.
I love VR but the downvotes are probably because instead of posting a self thread you posted a photo with text.
Oh my b, woops.
I knew it'd be about that guy asking which celebrity death affected you most. Didn't realize it was trending. I deffo was one to contribute.
My mom's name is Karen and she's really nice.
Wait sorry, I'm legit asking...why? The police did their job why would this be a reaosn to defund them?
Naw he is right. The game is a worse version of Ingress. But it had brand value. If people enjoy it, they enjoy it, but there is an objectively better, game design and depth wise, version of the game.
Any one have songs or bands that have a sound like this? Synthwave metal is something i would listen to.
I love smurfs. When I get them in my lobby its extra motivation to try harder. Then, save the replay and watch from their perspective and see what I need to do better. I've learned tons from smurfs. People PAY for the chance to learn that stuff. You're getting it for free. Try to care less about the points you'll lose from own game, and more about the things you can learn from that game.
Since when is playing in the casual playlist a breach of TOS? Lolwat
No they haven't? Maybe some do but that'd be pointless for casual. I never play casual, so my casual mmr is really low. Whenever I play casual I would destroy people if I tried because my mmr is low. I only use it to warm up. Play ranked if you don't want a mismatch of ranks. It's gonna happen in casual, that is just how it works.
Yeha it's probs still fluctuates a lot since I dont play casual. 1900 is low compared to all my friends at my rank that play. That is outside our points though. My point is it's casual. Join a new lobby. Or have fun. You should be using casual to practice new things, not focus on winning. And if you don't like that I'm telling you how to play casual, the same thing applies the other way. You can't tell them they have to play a certain way. It's casual. Ranked is there if you want a closer skill matching.
I'm not staying its okay to throw games. Never did. I just said playing casual to freestyle is not against TOS.
I don't even notice the tearing tbh, but holy hell does input lag ruin an experience.
Tldr it stops screen tearing but adds input delay and on Windows it will cap your framerate. So pick what works for you. Casual gamers likely won't care, but for competitive gamers, turning off vsync is the first thing you do when you boot a game.
Gsync will cap your frames if you use multiple monitors at different framerates. I turn it all off.
I have a feeling he didn't have to act much.
Contexts is so important and sadly so many people disregard it :(
Preface is better, censorship is not the answer.
I recognize this melody but none of the lyrics; Did someone cover/sample this?
tbh it seems like the same concept
He does indeed! I've never heard that song before though, it's definitely the Fall Out Boy song I've heard it in before that someone else linked. Thanks!
Whenever i enable gsync in Nvidia's settings the frames get capped and when I turn it off they are fine. So you can see how I concluded that gsync caps frames.
He didn't say he was. He said supposedly.
Joe himself is nothing but a good host. Joe is not entertaining. You put his guests on another show it'd be just as interesting (given a good host, which there are plenty of). I only watch episodes that have people on i care about, because without interesting guests, it's nothing special.
Dude, i play Star Citizen, which is arguably one of best looking games ever, and it's only 80gb. I don't really care cause I stopped playing CoD, but it doesn't stop me from wondering how they manage this.
i got wooshed my b
It was basically bts but before bts did an RL event.
Different people like different things, that includes humour. Kinda rude to judge when the people actually involved in the joke get it. He was rude too, but that doesn't make it okay for you to do it as well.
I'm just worried that he said words like "shit" and "fuck" would cause bans. I'm going to assume this is only is someone reports it? Cause those words aren't inherently hateful words.
No because vocie chat doesn't work in Ue3 properly. Thankfully
Psyonix doesn't make the Unreal Engine. It's a problem UE3, as I mentioned, not rocket league.
A lack of humour would be them not doing anything because they don't attempt humour. They clearly have a sense of humour, it's just not one you share with them.
Yes? That's doesn't change anything I said to him
Star citizen has entire planets you can explore and cities that are bigger than any CoD map. I'm not doing some SC fanboy thing here, I'm legitimately confused how CoD is that big when in SC you can see a characters blood vessel in their eyes or nuts and bolts in a cranny down a side alley in a city. Obviously space takes nothing, but multiple space stationa and planets? That doesn't make sense.
The cities and many other locations in Star Citizen are hand crafted. The cities alone are bigger than all the maps combined in CoD. Only parts of SC are procedural. Things like NMS I get.
Yeah but EA. I want a good VR space ship battle game but I'll wait for VR in Star Citizen.
Their queue system is trash though. I would have switched awhile ago if it hadn't been for their awful song queuing. I'll switch to YTM and just submit a bug report every day about it fucking up my recommendations.
Well with Spotify's terrible song queue system and YTM fucking up your recommendations, I may finally go back to torrenting music (it's legal in Canada). GPM was the only one that was nice enough to take me away from that.
Look inside the stations and cities and ships though. They are all handcrafted, not procedurally generated. You're right some assets for spaceports are reused though. These 2 examples (there are tons mroe cities to go to) are why it's hard to beleive cod has that large of files: https://youtu.be/gnL-5ot39lQ https://youtu.be/uT6up00QjzI Games like NMS make sense that they aren't big because the ports are all the same, and everything on the planets are procedurally generated.
If you zoom in the surfaces are extremely detailed and high res, does that not affect anything? This will show that better, area 18 is flatter than most places haha: https://youtu.be/TUFcerTa6Ho Thanks for taking the time to respond. But SC aside, how is it that msot other games of the same scale as CoD are smaller even?
Dude I came to the thread because of that and had to double take that I wasn't in /r/Kitchener
Chicago had to poo
I stand with BLM (as anyone should) but to be fair, I do fail to see how this is definitively because racism. He could just be a dude who takes property seriously. (Still a dick imo) Mind you,he could be racist, I just wanna make sure it's not a forced narrative. There are plenty of people who are openly racist, with obvious cases of it. We have evidence. Life isn't black and white, me vs you, it's full of greys. I just wanna make sure we use our heads, and I can fully see an enthusiastic nutjob with a gun, rather than a racist dude targeting black folk. Again, maybe he is, but none of us have talked to him to see if that is the case. Please tell me if I missed something though.
That's a fair point! It could also be because he was panicking because he rushed out with his gun assuming someone was trespassing, so he didn't know what to day so his "don't say anything" kicked in. Maybe he knows nothing he says will stop viewers from assuming he is so he stays quiet. Maybe they DID do something and he was ticked and just wanted them gone. Maybe it is racism. It could be a MULTITUDE of things that we just don't see. It could be racism. I just don't like the initial assumption that it is racism, and the flawed assumptions from most of these comments.
Fixing demos does not take 8gb. It's likely assets for the new update coming out soon.
This is just a post that links to itself for me. I can't see anything.
Bruh he got sent
It's certainly the dark side of it, but true. Higher emotional intelligence doesn't mean you will, just means you have a greater capacity to do so.
It me o/
I'm with you! I would also be betting on racism as the motivating factor here. Again I wasn't defending racism, rather making sure we use reason to come to conclusion, rather than pure hate. I just wanted people to tell me why they concluded that, to start a conversation about it. We all hate racism, but let's not stoop to the level of racists by blindly hating. Logically hate, instead haha.
No? But it would be up to someone to prove you had insider info. You absolutely could be lucky, would it be fair to just assume you cheated? I'm on the side of him being racially motivated, just making sure we conclude that from logic. That's why I asked people to show any evidence/perspectives I may have overlooked.
Trash talk is fine. Toxicity is not. Telling someone to fuck off is aggressive and even now you're being toxic. Report and ignore/block. There's no need to fight back.
Don't worry I've brought it up a lot haha. I'd prefer having an in game version, so I could sit and watch the cars fly around while hearing the commentary.
Depends on the area. My buddy got drunk at home then went outside (we live downtown) for a smoke, cop came by and sent him to the drunk tank, because he was slurring and couldn't explain that the door beside him was his apartment door. He wasn't bear the street, just smokin. Tbf it's probs best he got sent there because he can be watched when that overwhelmingly drunk. Guess that can count as harming yourself.
I love stadia. It certainly doesn't replace local gaming, but for travelers it's great. Just because it's not good for you doesn't mean it's not good for others.
Source
I dunno. I don't get why "alien" means it inherently has to look so different. What's to say their tech isn't almost the same as ours? With the idea that they pick up scrap for their ships, the old designs fit the lore better. I agree aesthetically they look cleaner, but from my knowledge, 'cleaner' isn't a word you'd use to describe the vanduul. Edit: I'm not sure why there's downvotes for discussion? If you disagree it'd be better for you to comment as to why. I like the new designs, just questioning it's correlation to the lore they mentioned.
This is a must for VR. Even though it'll be a long way off, I think they have VR in the back of their minds when designing the world and interactions. If not it's a beautiful coincidence.
Imagine reaching out with your hand to flip switches and press buttons. Immersion levels increased by 293737%
That's fair for the first point, but what about the lore point? The new designs don't look like scrap ships to me.
Okay that's a good explanation.
Thanks for explaining!
Holy fuck what a twist.
I'm talking about their articles
Wait people consider bidet's unmanly? That's news to me. Never heard that one before.
I live on king downtown and I don't hear any cars beyond one beefy car everyonce in awhile. What section of king is this happening?
AAA titles take longer than 2 years to make unless you're half adding it. Even each new CoD takes 3 years.
Yeah they make it pretty obvious not sure how this is a real post rn
I see literally none of these. Just shows opinion prices and help threads for controllers losing connection. You're gonna have to link sources ma dude. There's ONE on my front page that says destiny lost half it's palyer base but that doesn't correlate to Stadia dying.
Who knows. But they haven't cancelled it yet so there's obvious some metric keeping it going.
I wish I could just grab shit with my feet like that ngl
In Ontario, Canada it's actually not illegal to pass on a double yellow, it's just there to say "hey bad idea to try and pass here", but you'd still get pulled over for careless driving or something because of how it almsot killed people.
There's a good chance they did, but maybe they are down on their luck a towing fee would fuck them, so they tried to get to a mechanic by themselves. We never know the other side eof the story from these videos. Maybe it's an idiot, but who knows 🤷‍♂️
I got a $2500 ticket plus 6 demerit for speeding. Something seems off.
Likely an actor with whitening, given that they are also pretty attractive and the right guy waits so long for his buddy to squeeze the bag
This is a standard small-town Ontario vibe. Small towns in Ontario are all about community. I've seen a good chunk of northeastern states have the same vibes through my travels.
So people are just suppsoed to assume everything is reposted? There's no new content ever poste don reddit? And everyone has seen every post ever? In a thread where people are sharing a good feeling I don't know how you managed to be so sour. Maybe you had a bad day, but step back and get some perspective on your comments ma dude
Some people have limited money and buying reddit gold is one of the least sensible things to spend your money on.
I'm 10 hours in. So far it's not hitting the same mark as LoU, but thats hard to do since it was such a special game. I think people expected Part 2 to also be perfect and when it wasn't, they said "well if it ain't perfect it must be shit". I personally am confused at the low quality of character development and plot so far, I do expect more from Naughty Dog, considering their track record. But I'm not done yet so I'll reserve judgment. The game play is great though.
I never watch football and even I know the origin, I think more people know than you think.
It is. It was posted on the Meme Day on the rocket league subreddit, and the font is different.
Yeha I'm enjoyeling a lot of the mid game encounters, but the story is disappointing. We expect more from Naughty Dog. LoU in my opinion is a perfect game, or at least as close as a game can be to perfect. It's not easy to do that, so Part 2 will look worse if you compare it.
I'm not done yet so I can't definitively say it's worse, but the plot has been extremely predictable 10 hours in so far, which would be fine, but the character development has been very weak. Gameplay is great though. Again everything can change and I'm reserving judgment! So far its been a good experience, that's for sure, just not to the level we expect from ND. And that's where people I think are misjudging; They anchor their minds to what it should be.
I mean, unlike most creeps, at least he waited?
#thanoswasright
Quick, everyone get naked!
You know what. Social media is making me angry. I'm going to use this as the last thing I look at and go to bed. Tell your grandma I said thank you for giving me a smile.
Can you explain the joke for me? I never really play CB
But why? Are the other games bad? I'd get the joke then.
I mean it's still useless emissions. I'll be happy when they switch to electric cars.
In Canada, at least Ontario, normal people shop at Walmart. I know int he US some people see Target as the better Walmart, butTarget tried to come to my city and shut down within a year cause everyone was like "why would we go there", because Walmart isn't considered trashy here.
It's a joke. This happened awhile ago to an older lady and was painted to reddit, the kid of this lady deffo told her to do it so they could film it and post it. You can see her bad acting at the end.
/r/whoosh
FINALLY We've been asking for something like this for years!
Can confirm. I joined comms before a match to get them lobby info for the brawl and it was pure chaos.
I'm pretty dialed in to social media (reddit, Google news [which constantly has stuff about Trudeau], twitter) and this is the first post/article/mention I've seen about it this situation. Just sharing an anecdote.
Yeah I travel a lot for work, so I use it to track what days I need to invoice (easier than digging through emails and contracts).
The main point: if it's not affecting you, and someone says they want to do that thing, why do you care if they do that thing?
Listen for the story. The whole album poses nuclear energy as it's main theme. With it, we have the power to create or destroy. By the end of the album you'll know which way it goes. It's also a metaphor for the band itself. Minutes to midnight prefaces what the story of ATS tells. I won't say more until you listen.
Hard mode: Canada
I was more referencing how MTM signals the near destruction of mankind, which symbolizes the destruction of the band sounds into something new, which is thematically carried to ATS, but I didn't want to sya that cause I didn't want to spoil anything for OP, that's why it was vague. Also ATS is a refined concept, MTM is not a concept album, so songs won't all be connected thematically. My point is that ATS was inspired by MTM. I have a huge write up about the two albums I'm eventually gonna post, but this wasn't the place to dive in. Just wanted to prepare OP for ATS's concept. And while they say it's not a concept album, I think they successfully failed then XD. Ats very much tells a story, whilst 1 or two signs fall out of the timeline, it certainly follows a story of destruction and rebuilding by the end.
I assume you're talking about 30Ks. Those happen when the client and server can't communicate for over 30 seconds. This can be the result of the client or the server, it doesn't differentiate who's fault it was. In my experience it's been the server 90% of the time, since everyone in my party also gets booted. There was one time my internet died and I got it. In my experience 30ks are mostly caused by fault of server. And in the course of two months of playing I've had about 10-15 30ks.
I think someone forgot to click upload
Sorry, what is ROC?
Based on how they handle other jobs, it will be detailed. They took an MMORPG and said "we don't need skill points, we just need skilled people" and allt he jobs take some amount of work. Even mining. Most games you point laser get goods. With SC you need to memorize the materials, try not o blow up the rock, then safely get it back. Depending on how lucky you are you may end up with a low paying load. It's seems to be they have a few core principles of realism that allow skilled jobs
Effort shouldn't be needed, if it is, you're with the wrong person. It shouldn't be hard to love someone. The issue is people don't figure out how to make themselves happy first. If you can't go a few weeks without thinking you need a relationship, you aren't ready for a relationship.
Well.. this looks fuckin terrible XD
There are a lot of tricks that can be used to make things look good at low resource cost.
No, you just didn't pay attention.
There's a few things left off: The bartender AI and the greycat mining buggy. Also minor things like atmospheric entry effects.
Makes sense. I do commentary and I always warm up with Worldwide Choppers. Good to get the tongue warmed up.
I go out for what I need. Friends have asked to hang out and I'm like bruh, no way. Not til a vaccine
Holy mackerel i never really realized how much Static-x was influenced by Rob Zombie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps0MfBG5-Uo
No he's saying RL is an acceptable game for that category
This is sort of incorrect. The skeletons inside were real but the rest was not. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/were-real-skeletons-used-in-the-making-of-poltergeist/
I mean, you wouldn't have remembered it anyways
I find that the only people who say this are between 11-16
Then don't sign bad deals. Negotiate what you're willing to do.
