We have rights. We can't just let some random dude on the internet decide that a firing squad would fix the problem. To do that we'd have to strip someone of their rights and that would set a dangerous precedent. No matter how edgy you are flailing out the concept of state enforced murder you can't hide from the fact that a government that decides when and how to kill it's citizens rather than if to kill it's citizens is inherently more prone to corruption.
Eh you're never really too old to have a controversial opinion on an oversimplified concept. But while I agree that we need serious prison reform, gunning down wrongdoers isn't the way to go about it. That opens up a huge can of worms we're not stable enough to handle I do wish people were more honest about it though. People have a hard on for violent justice in this country. Don't like something? Beat the shit out of them. They committed a harsh crime? Beat the shit out of them. Sexual assaulter? Shove something up their ass. Murderer? Gun them down. People really just have a thirst for blood and want *desperately* to cheer on while the "bad guy" suffers. It's never that simple but on a one track mind it is.
Probably nothing, hell the same applies for me lol. I imagine the same would apply for most.
I'm helping her look into entry level web design roles and also administrative assistants. I'm an angular developer and I've helped her get the basics of html+css down, and she's messed around with Photoshop, but in all honesty I have no idea how farfetched that is. I'm hoping some smaller company is willing to take the risk of getting her up to speed. She's a really creative person and likes design but she's a music major and basically everything is foreign right now.
I mean fair but there's tons of people who are like this to a much less serious degree and it's just a personality issue
I mean I did specify not this case
Because they hate brown people
Lamb is dank can I have some
Sounds like you're just an edgy jackass who vastly oversimplifies topics and marks it up to being different and vocal on your opinions. In this country you have a right to a lawyer. It doesn't matter what you do, if you're going to court you have the right to legal representation. The lawyer may be private or provided by the state, but they are professionals whose job is to ensure you are treated properly in a court room. You can't just say "hurr durr I don't like this person, I'm gonna slack off on this case". That's a fucking childish misrepresentation of something that I think we both know isn't that difficult to grasp. Besides that the lawyers have their own careers well beyond a single case at stake. If they fuck up do you think they'll ever have a shot at progressing? Protecting a client isn't about saying they're not guilty. It's about balancing the scales against the prosecutors.
Makes more sense when you're practically invisible to everyone
Every time this sub pops up on my feed I'm baffled. You guys violently oppose a neutral stance lol. It's like hating Buddhists specifically but having no problem with radical theistic folk. It's just... Bizzare
Yeah! wait
Thanks, I hate it
No, a neutral stance comes from a mixture of ideals, none of which occur at either end of the spectrum. You don't have to be a radical in politics. The concept that you do sounds more like self validation than anything.
Some of the things I believe are pretty liberal. Some are pretty conservative. None are extremely one or the other. Stop telling yourself radical beliefs are normal when they're not.
Buddhism seems to me at least like a non violent central point between absolute atheism and absolute theism. It was just an analogy though.
Jesus Christ the mental gymnastics here. So the state assigns you to a person who is clearly guilty, you *do your job*, and then you fucking go to prison for it? You're not only edgy for the sake of being different, you're fucking ignorant too. Go read up on law before making such ridiculous statements.
Philosophically motivations are a critical point behind actions. Legally they can play a role as well (every heard the term premeditated?) Like I said, you don't defend someone in court to protect them or try to say what they did was ok. That is a childish interpretation.
There's nothing normal about it lol sex is a natural act and marriage is a man made social ritual, one very clearly exists just fine without the other
&gt; If somebody allies themselves It's not an alliance. You are intentionally viewing this as someg it's not to be difficult. Cut that shit out. &gt; then they are just as bad as their allies. I have never heard such a moronic thing. Am I being punkd right now? Jesus this is some next level stupidity. The role of the defense lawyer isn't to be the persons friend or help them out of a tough situation. It's to provide perspective and clarification so that the appropriate punishments are carried out. Nobody benefits from inaccurately handing out punishments. The guilty don't benefit, the courts doesn't benefit, the lawyers dont benefit, society doesn't benefit. A defense lawyer is a critical role in a hearing to assure accuracy in representation and sentencing. **To view it as anything else is inaccurate**. &gt; We've had centuries of people hiding behind "it was my job" or "i was following orders". If you are instructed to commit a crime or receive organizational punishment then that's not your fault. If I hold a gun to your head and tell you to snack your mother or I'll shut your lights out, is your mother going to be appalled when you smack her? No. Because you were following orders. &gt;VIt's time to end that and start holding people responsible for what they do, and stop letting them off because they don't have the moral or ethical sense not to follow evil men or policies. Here's the problem, you've clearly never been in such a situation and You're talking straight out of your ass. You can't reasonably expect people to throw their lives away because they disagree with actions of superiors. The superiors should be held responsible for handing out unethical orders. To say that those that follow orders should just what, simultaneously protest? Your half assed solution does not work in practice, and in reality it doesn't work in theory too. You're just trying way too hard to be different and edgy. The "solutions" you're proposing make no sense, and would yield a broad range of unsatisfactory side effects, leading to the collapse of our judicial system entirely.
Ah the gunshot wound hair, I could never get it to work
&gt; It appeared when the humans started farming, in order to ensure that the wife would only give birth to her husband’s children who could then inherit their father’s land. A social construct, then. &gt; So it’s basically a contract which states that the wife wouldn’t have sex with another man, and even better if she’s virgin. AN outdated one at that. &gt; Furthermore, it’s really man’s nature to not fall in love with the « sluttiest » females available when he has the choice, and since always. Something tells me anyone holding this view doesn't have many options Marriage is not natural. It is a social binding. Sex predates any of it, before we made conflated rules about complexities like property and self identity.
Sure love is natural. The latter I'm not so sure, poly-amorous relationships have been common throughout history (especially in societies that didn't ostracize sex). We're guided by evolutionary instinct, not bound by it.
Actually for periods of time polyamory was the norm. Which indicates the entire topic is heavily persuaded by social norms rather than human psychology. Periods of time that valued women and men more equally have tended to show polyamory and same-sex relationships at a higher rate. Periods with a large distinction between men and women, almost always with men being of more social value, have been more monogamous, likely due to women being seen as something to be had rather than a distinct individual.
What's there to read, you've just said the same thing over and over without any logical reason. "All that matters is actions" doesn't make sense in actual real world context. You're just oversimplifying and ignoring real impacts.
It's a product of a society teaches men how to be savages instead of lovers
Perpetuating trends within a community. Same with drug use and crime.
Had a civics professor once say "your rights end where other's begin", meaning that you have your rights but others have rights too and where the two conflict your rights do not override those of the public. For example, your right to freedom of speech does not entitle you to being a dick to someone in their own home, they can still kick you out. You can speak freely but inciting violence against an individual publicly isn't ok. That sort of thing.
Some android phones require a passcode to open the phone when it's first started, even if fingerprint unlock is set up. If you must use fingerprint, take the battery out of your phone or turn it off.
While at UNCC I had an internship with the university (paid), then 3 internships that I got through hire-a-niner (all paid) one of which turned into a post-grad full time position. I also delivered pizza for like 8-10 months at one point. I'm comp sci
Well aren't you a wise little sage
&gt; these new age hooligan whippersnappers are nothing but a bunch of violent degenerates that want to downplay the actions of *GOOD* men Prob something like that
Hasn't it been proven that toilet seat covers don't do diddly squat though?
That's not a placebo though. Placebos aren't magic lol you need a forcefield to accomplish anything here
The focus wasn't the getting the job part, it's the time required to remove yourself from a shitty situation. It's not very hard to put yourself into financial turmoil with little hope of escape. &amp;#x200B; I was in a rough position growing up financially so it was always on the forefront of my mind and I ended up getting a valuable degree at a cheap-ish school, so I'm doing alright. Not everyone has that same thought process as a teenager.
The trick is to not think about it like quitting forever, but also not think about the next one. The weight of "never smoking again" is too massive. Instead, think of it as just saying no this time. Think that every time. It doesn't make it easy but it makes it less hard.
/r/foundredditors
Could it be because they have no food and their families are in a dangerous area, and they didn't google US concentration camps prior to leaving their homes that dont have internet?
And I'm sure you have all the reason to wager that besides it being the sole bias of your beliefs.
And those seperated from their families? They're not imprisoned by that? You're free to go but you have to leave your kids behind. The lengths people will go to to justify the shitty behavior. Nazi guards were just following orders too
My mom caught me in the act with my girlfriend at like 17 and banged on the the door screaming and fuming mad, told us to come out and then took her home and told her parents we were having sex :| She's nice otherwise but she she gave me lots of issues with sexuality because of stuff like that
Good. As they say they're going to do what they're going to do so if you can make sure they're well informed on safety without being overbearing or scaring them, that sounds like a solid plan. As great as my mom is and is much we care about each other I did not have a healthy sex life for a long time because of the constant anxiety that came with the fear of getting someone pregnant or getting caught that was always around.
It is, that account does nothing but go around and try to insult people. That person is either an enormous troll or passionately alt-right and anti-progressive. &amp;#x200B; If you look at his profile it's actually pretty weird. He has a bunch of gold but many of it are on comments with tons of downvotes. If you look at any comment on any political sub it's attacking the left. Something weird going on with that person.
Good condom advertisement
I'm convinced Catholicism is a hate cult. Not just the sub, the whole religion. They are constantly doing terrible shit to their fellow man in the name of religion. And even in that post there's a guy calling people who disagree with them infidels and sodomites, with 26 upvotes lol. I mean seriously how deranged do you have to be? Brainwashed lunatics.
"do you tell your kids the positions your wife and you would use in bed if you weren't a total incel? No, you wouldn't. So it's the same for gay people."
My mom always pushed me on the dangers of sex, how even *safe* sex isn't 100% and how a pregnancy would ruin my life, future, and career. Given I grew up broke I stressed about that a lot. I ended up having a really unhealthily view of sex. For a long time after becoming sexually active I had extreme anxiety. To the point I couldn't even enjoy myself. For days after sex I would be a mess worried about a pregnancy or getting caught. It took a long time to overcome. While I understand you're mad and have a right to be, be cautious when it comes to anything to do with a teenagers sexuality. Shit can have long term psychological impacts. A *year* of punishment is too much. That's just my opinion but you'll probably get many people agreeing with me. The "crime" here was severe but you can't really expect to take away a teenage year for being stupid. Teenagers are stupid. I would try scaling it back a little and maybe thinking of some other ways to approaching the issue that aren't as dramatic.
They absolutely wouldn't. They would get it and expect it to be perfect. They wouldn't groom it or bathe it or play with it and they're probably chain it to a stake in the yard with a short leash. And then when it predicably acts terribly or gets loose and bites someone and has health issues it's all woe is me my poor pup, how ever could this have been prevented
I'll let the recent army twitter post that went viral speak for itself
Republicans think loyalty to your country means loyalty to the president because the president is the "boss" of the country
We have objective undeniable evidence that Russia launched targeted assaults and counter intelligence campaigns for the purposes of helping to get Trump elected and to sow discourse between democrats and republicans. It's not something you can argue, it's documented and verified. But I wouldn't suspect anyone that takes brakes from churning nonsense on TD to shitpost in politics to actually read anything of truth given how it's incompatible with your views.
&gt;show me that you know ANYTHING about network security then i'll have this discussion with you, until then it's like trying to educate a chimp I mean, I'm a software engineer so it's a bit tangential but it's not a foreign concept to me. Show me you're capable of having a conversation without immediately devolving to insults and maybe then we can talk. &gt;you don't have proof that **russia** did anything So the FBI report confirming strategic attacks **by russia** during the election in all 50 states isn't proof enough for you? Or are you one of those "my eyes and ears deceive me, all things counter to my beliefs are fabricated / invalid" types? Because there's no point in talking if you're gonna just say anything counter to your preestablished views is fake. Side note, I live in the south and your side is fucking piss poor at educating people, so maybe stick to figuring that out before moving on to chimps
So let me get this straight. You think it's more likely that *you* have this figured out - that because attacks often involve masking identity, that the entirety of the FBI from investigators to security specialists, arguably some of the best in the country, are all making this up and it's a big conspiracy. That a top world superpower and leader in technology and infrastructure fucked up, but you, reddit user *NotHomo*, read a wiki about what a VPN is and figured out that it's all a trick. You know, just years of investigation costing millions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of man hours... But "uhm achkshually when u hek u wear a mask so it's not russia". Plot ruined once again! You think *that* is more likely than maybe you having a less than solid working knowledge of the systems in place? That *maybe* these specialists are capable of tracking attacks and points of failure beyond a simple VPN identity mock? Well let me tell you. You're wrong about it, while for most people simple measures to cover your tracks are fine for privacy, when it comes to larger systems with strong security architecture it requires a lot more. There's absolutely ways to tell where a targeted attack came from. I'm not an expert in the field so I can't tell you exactly what they are, but feel free to talk to anyone with some time spent in cyber security. I did, one of my professors was a top tier penetration tested for fortune 500 companies and he seemed to agree with my side over yours. Use some common sense. What would Russia have to gain from a divided country struggling with trade and weakened by a moronic leader? A lot. They'd stand to gain a lot. I can't use sense with you lot though, you were convinced there was a pedophile ring in the basement of a pizza joint that didn't even have a fucking basement. The fact that you post on TD and aren't banned tells me all I need to know. There is a 0% chance you will change your views for absolutely anything. You're so far in that proof your wrong is so damaging to you you deny it's legitimacy. You're exactly what Trump wanted when he said what you're seeing and hearing aren't what's happening. Enjoy the Kool aid.
Christ dude. I mean you don't know what you're talking about and you think your smarter than an entire security committee, not to mention the majority of your post is just saying "you've got nothing and I'm right" and half-assed conspiracy theories, but you're also kind of insane. I've already told you I'm not an expert in cyber security. I doubt you are either. My professor was and I trust his views regardless of who he voted for. Unlike you lot I don't think reality is subjective. I've explained to you that there's likely something you don't know that brings things together, like how flat earthers completely misunderstand science so they just use BS half-logic to act like they've got it all figured out. But you lack intuition. If you think it's all fake, would that not have been a major downfall of the Mueller report? There is evidence. You just don't *believe* it. Again, when you question the integrity of everything that goes against your belief, you've already decided your mind isn't going to change so there's no point in trying.
And obesity is a state of health, not a person with a moral compass, so it's a bit apples to oranges
A lot. A 27 BMI isn't really that high. If I had a 23 BMI I'd look like a toothpick.
Not really. It's just a bunch of circlejerking over fat people. I mean, I get comedy in dark humor. But that sub was literally just "fat bad &gt;:(". There's nothing funny there. Everyone there was a moron so it checks out but still.
I mean they're not the brightest. People only act like that because they've got issues that they don't have the maturity and introspection to deal with properly. They're idiots. Flailing simple gorillas.
The dude was like 15-16. Yeah it's wrong but kids do stupid shit sometimes. It doesn't definite their entire life and the fact he's posting on /r/confession makes it pretty clear he's not proud of it
Who cares? You didn't do stupid shit as a kid? I did.
I say 4 years after doing something shitty in high school and posting in confessions is enough to not call them a "piece of shit". You're being dramatic.
Who cares exactly? You could argue that point against changing anything ever. If you want textbooks to remain accurate you need to prevent any and all change to all pre-existing conditions.
As an NC resident I'm all for improving the average quality of my state by merging it with a better state.
Alabama. Or let Georgia and Alabama fight for it. Or let Texas finally become it's own state and then deal with immigrating on every side.
Ah, why didn't I think to use this when *my* calculus professor asked what came after 69?
Yeah but they argue those points in bad faith knowing full well they're just thin veils to their underlying desires. Nobody actually cares if textbooks would need to be updated, that's such a strange hill to die on. When republicans argue something like that it means "here's my innocent argument to cover up my real problem that I don't like change *or* diversity"
That part of the bible is redacted
Of course. He thinks bible passage is adequate reason for legislation, but provided an attempt to incorporate it into law, it would laughably fail. Notice there's no undertone of "that would (and should) go badly". It's more "it would fail and that sucks but that's just the way it is". Like how that one republican leader talked about "seeing if [his] kids could swim" if they came out as gay, followed by a big pat on the back and a chuckle for being oh so clever. Republicans are really good at conveying their views without dealing with the consequences that naturally come with having them.
You expect me to tell *my* 1 year old kids what happens between a country and territory in the bedroom?!
Yeah YTA, I would have done the same. Who comes back to a cold calling job after both their parents die and performs the same? Cold calling blows and I'm not really shocked by this post because the type of people that run cold calling businesses act like you did. Same energy as MLM pushers and ransomware scammers. You *are* pricks with no hearts, that's why you were told that The way he left *was* unprofessional, but 100% what your team deserved. I don't fault him for being unprofessional at all, given how you've treated him he owes you nothing
There are many reasons not related to money, like abuse by people in authority and extremism.
Humor is subjective in a sense but there has to be some reason something is funny. If there's no setup, no punchline, no anything it's just "fat bad" then yo that's not funny. Maybe you think it is but heads up you're wrong, there's no comedy value in it. There's nothing in it to be funny, it's lacking in content. Can't have funny content without content.
You: Yeeted, Yote Me, an intellectual: **I yat**
Because it's exhausting to constantly be nagged about. If there is anything I have learned it's that the good people of /r/vegan have absolutely no awareness for when they're annoying people. Literal definition of "I bet you're fun at parties". Go ahead and downvote me, it won't make it less true.
How dare you do one positive thing without also doing *my* positive thing! wHaT gOoD iS rEaDiNg tO oRpHaNs If YoU fEeD tHeM mCdOnAlDs
Keto is minimal to no lifestyle change? I did keto for 6 months and it's a dramatic lifestyle change. You try eating under 20 grams of carbs per day. Damn near everything you eat has to be adjusted. And it works because like all effective diets it restricts your calorie intake implicitly through faster satiation and healthier energy.
There's the lack of self awareness. If you pull up to the function and ruin everyone's good time with your nagging because you think people need to hear it, be prepared to be thought of as annoying. This seriously is not that hard. You have to be socially inept to miss this.
&gt; leaves office in 2024 I got some bad news for you. Either he's leaving office in 2020 or he's not leaving office. *edit: just wanted to make it clear I think he'll try to forcefully overstay his term unconstitutionally through stacking courts and preventing any legal action from being taken. He'll become a dictator*
If it doesn't happen it's because the GOP has already decided against it no matter the evidence presented. Their minds are made up long before any hearing. But that doesn't mean we should just give up.
It's easy. A superminority of people with a super surplus of income pay a bit more and the supermajority benefits from it. It's not unfair to tax those at the highest peaks of income a higher percentage. They didn't get that wealth without society paying up, they're indebted to the world for their wealth and they should pay it back so we can see a better tomorrow.
But you're just some person and he's the strongest man on the planet with access to nuclear launch codes. The rules are a *tad* different. We hold him to a higher standard. If he's innocent he actually gains from a fruitless impeachment attempt as that is ammunition for his campaign. Granted, the GOP is going to say innocent regardless of the evidence presented, but in concept that's how that would turn out. If he's innocent he should welcome investigations. Not shadily dodge them and insult people on twitter.
For real lol how were you successful? Well my dad said if you want free money give me money and I'll make you free money with my many years of business expertise So I did that and now I have money
&gt;This is the only narrative the left knows, literally trying to scare people into believing them. It's a lot like fascism. I mean, fascists literally executed people but hey as long as we're calling people names don't get mad when people call the right nazis. Show me left leaning politicians advocating for violence against political rivals. I can pull up a few examples of your guys doing that if you want to talk fascism. &gt; You're upset with the results of an election One that we now know has been greatly impacted by targeted foreign interference. Please don't act like if Hillary won and you found out the same shit was going on with the Russians that you wouldn't have the exact same response. &gt; so you do anything and everything you can to suppress the dialogue of the other party In what ways are you suppressed? If anything I think you all have been given a pretty tall platform to speak given how unpopular your views are to the rest of civilized society. &gt; and make bold outrageous claims about how the opposition party will quite literally destroy life as we know it. Look. We're not all saying Trump = Doomsday. We're saying he's edging us a lot closer to that than we'd like to be, and *maybe* over that line. Just because you're "the opposing party" doesn't give you a free pass to do whatever you want with reckless abandon. The actions of your *team* still have consequences on us all, and yes that does include destroying life as we know it if certain things happen. You're not immune from making terrible decisions just because the left disagrees with you. The concerns are founded in legitimacy. &gt;-Repealing Net neutrality will the be the end of the internet and porn Net neutrality is a nonpartisan issue that everyone should be in support of. It just so happens that republican leaders stand to profit from it, so of course you lot fall in line. Net neutrality is the difference between access to the most powerful resource we currently have and a tiered profit machine that restricts information based on class. &gt;-LGBT will lose their rights I seem to recall a transgender ban in the military. Hmm. &gt;-Trump will nuke another country and start a ware That one's still on the table but I think you missed that it was *intentionally* hyperbolic, not meant to be taken literally. &gt;-Trumps tarriffs will crash our economy You been watching the DOW? The tariffs (which still people seem to fail to undergo only hurt US consumers) have had a strong negative impact on our economy. Many jobs have been destroyed and many businesses at loss due to these tariffs. &gt;-Trump will declare himself dictator Did you miss him saying his term should be extended by 2 years? Don't worry, I'm sure that will come back up. Just wait, if he loses the 2020 election we'll see how he handles handing over office. &gt;I mean the list just goes on and on and yet I've yet to see any of this wildly outrages claims become true. You've missed the concentration camps at the border and white nationalist rallies and domestic terror attacks, but don't worry, many of the other things you said *also* happened. Just because you disregard their legitimacy doesn't mean they didn't happen. &gt; And yet all the meanwhile Social media platforms like twitter and facebook which are currently protected from lawsuits because they're a 'platform' are censoring conservative voices selectively. They're private businesses for one and yeah if I ran a company with such influence I would want to halt the spread of such hateful rhetoric too. And they have that right. Take a step back. If people are going out of their way to tell you to shut up because you're being a dick, then *maybe* you're being a dick. This applies to many things in life and political views are one of them. "...are *we* the baddies?"
Stellar comeback
That's not that much compared to a lot of multibillionaires. There's a *lot* of millionaires. And also Bernie is the one pushing higher tax rates for the rich, it's not like he'd be exempt from them.
Alright fine, be like that. When shit goes south I don't wanna hear that woe is me where did we go wrong bullshit
Looks like I'm getting brigaded a little bit. I'm gonna say not actual Russian spies because they're probably smart enough to not risk naming themselves things like "Trump_Super_Spy" and "obviousRUbot", but whatever the case overnight early in the AM's for east coasters like me a bunch of yall got your undies in a twist and came through downvoting posts and saying different variations of "I have no arguments or points but you're still wrong"
He's already shown he will shutdown the government and use emergency declarations if he doesn't get what he want. He's saying he should have his term extended by 2 years. He's attacking political opponents and telling his supporters to ignore any media that doesn't make him look good, while banning press from the white house and stacking courts and the DoJ with people that miraculously always operate in his favor. Tell me again how any of that is normal and how abnormality is somehow far-fetched
Obama didn't say he should have his term extended and play victim. And the point of my comment isn't to say I'm clairvoyant, it's to say the checks and balances in our government will comtinue to degrade under a republican administration if Trump wins the 2020 election
Far from it but there's a reason why people in MAGA hats are outcasts
Since when did acknowledging religion has major issues become edgy? I understand the "smarterer than thou" atheist who thinks being atheist has shock value, but honestly religion does have major issues on society. It's not being edgy to say the world would be better without catholic priests molesting kids and wars in the name of ${deity}, who is *obviously* the right one
The biggest thing is that people leading violent religious factions do it for power, fame, control, wealth, etc. Same as anyone else in history. To get the boots on the ground support from people who that downs affect though it's done in the name of divinity. Much easier to convince someone to die in the name of an all powerful God than to die so some sweaty fat guy can make more money and control more area.
Look, I get it. Nothing bad or extreme ever happens, blah blah blah. Then it does and we all have to be like oh no how could this happen, woe is me. Can we stop pretending like there hasn't been a bit of a paradigm shift? I'm sure you're tired of edgy teenagers with blue hair complaining about Trump and all that but we have a TV star who pays hush money to porn stars and gets away with hundreds of millions of dollars of fraud as president. It's not *that* far-fetched that some crazy shit is coming up in our future. Being cautious in such foreign circumstances doesn't hurt.
Negotiating with the GOP is basically just saying "here's my list of things that are good for the world, what do you want that's good for you to balance it out?"
Fuuuuuuck dude
Without getting too graphic I had stomach issues with OMAD. Probably because 1200-1500 calories of healthy food is a *lot* to have all at once. Crippling pain from lower intestinal distress to the point of nausea made me stop.
Ah good idea! When I did keto I used to make "keto-ade" which was basically electrolyte mio with some magnesium (from a laxative in small amounts) and potassium (from salt substitute) added in. Helped a lot with "keto flu"
YTA for acting entitled to a gift, and NTA for being hurt she views your family as invalid because you have to dogs and not kids. ESH because "a couple of goddamn dogs" might mean the world to someone, and you don't get to decide what matters to other people.
I'd like to but I'm also starting going to the gym and need to figure my schedule out with my girlfriend who works different hours than me. If we can still have dinner without rushing on 18:6 I'll probably switch ovet
double plus unbad
☑️ Insult God emporer ☑️ Brown skin ☑️ Doesn't kiss trumps ass We know *why* they find this acceptable, what I'm curious about is what they'll say. Cause they wontbe say those things because they know they're bad. They'll make up some BS semantic technicalities to dodge responsibility for their shitty views.
hamberder and covfefe, what an achomlishment
Wasn't there also a trans illegal immigrant shooter or something? Or is that the same one? Whatever the case they're so infrequent. You can have 20 shooters in the name of MAGA, each explained away as somehow not MAGA ("the bombs weren't real", "someone paid him to do it", "no true Trump supporter") but one person from the left does something wrong, it's actually condemned by everyone on the left, and it's pearl clutching all the way down still. They get more upset when antifa steals a confederate flag and burns it than when a MAGA shooter kills a bunch of kids
Waaaay ahead of you on that one
Well I wouldn't want to anger the child molester apologists
But then you have to admit you have a problem
You can get a 6 pack of shit tier beer (Busch, $6-8) and a pack of low quality smokes (Mavericks, $3-4) for around 10 bucks here in NC.
Every day though? 300-500 a month on beer and cigarettes is excessive man. I get it's marketed to poor people with little to lose, I grew up around a lot of that. But that's excessive. You can cut back even if you don't stop completely. I don't even know how someone can drink and smoke that much.
&gt; throws wallet out of the window, gets evicted Me moor poor! &gt;:(
Why stop there? Can't blame alcoholics or drug addicts for throwing their lives away either? Point is we all have control over it. It's alright to spend a little even if you're broke for some pleasure in life. But that level of excess isn't *a little*. It's overboard, to the point to where people that aren't financially struggling probably still shouldn't do that
For real. "I had a hard day", bitch we all have hard days it's real shitty out here. No excuse, pay your dues and go sleep with the cockroaches at best western for a night.
It's a slur because it says "you are less than me and deserve less than me". Some things like bitch, cunt, bastard, etc. are just expletives with generic meaning that can be used in any context. This word does have a specific meaning though, especially used when speaking down to someone. It's used to seperates that person from their humanity, it says "you are a less valuable person because of how you were born". If I call you an asshole for cutting me off in traffic then you can just not cut people off in traffic anymore and you won't be an asshole for that. You can't change your race. It is just a word but words can get you into a loooooot of trouble depending on how you use them.
Because there has to be limits. Lots of people smoke and drink and still pay rent. Why is the answer to pay them more when they can afford in such excess? If you paid them more would they not just spend more? What's to say they're not already limited by income? And it's not little at all. I could go buy a new car every few months and I'd be limited by my income too, but if I missed rent nobody would say it's because my work doesn't pay me enough. Having vices is fine and splurging is fine but blowing literally all your money to the point of homelessness on vices and splurging is nobody's fault but your own. Almost everyone gets by without doing that. If you can't that's on you, not your job for not covering your two carton and three twelve pack a week habit. Same goes for gambling, expensive clothes, eating out, etc.
I think covfefe was one of the first fat-fingered tweets. Achomlishments was hand-written by Trump on one of his speeches / press conference notes recently, [caught by a photographer](https://cdn.shared.com/108967/uploads/13225c60-7e3b-11e9-b953-6dba709fa6cc_800_420.jpeg).
No, he wouldn't. Don't play victim, Mr shoot someone in broad daylight and get away with it isn't going to get banned for hateful rhetoric. If something was going to get him banned it already would have.
Can't wait for the right to tell me how she represents the left even tho she lost
Who do people insist on naming their kids after their drink of choice while pregnant
I mean, it was a kind of fucked up thing to do. I think probably 4-6 months is more reasonable but he did literally bully and prank a homeless dude on the internet for money. Just because the guy wasn't physically harmed doesn't mean it's all gravy you know? That's still a person.
Probably has to do with abusing the situation and putting it online for fame / money
I just explained to you why. We use words to communicate thoughts. That word means you think that person is flawed and worth less than others because of their skin. That before you know anything about them you've decided they don't matter. It's just profoundly ignorant. I understand you're trying to say itz juzt wordz bro but there's a reason it's a big deal. Words have meaning because they're how we communicate concepts, which have value through our actions. Like speaking them.
But if you put that food in your container in your fridge and don't offer it, you're not much setting it out for them to eat it are you? Then it's just them stealing.
Gotta agree with the other guy, I've been growing insanely hot peppers for years and that is literally worst case scenario. I think someone has had breathing problems from hot sauce beforehand (much hotter than natural peppers), but it was due to having other preexisting complications. I like my food hot. If someone steals my food out of my work fridge they're probably in for a bad time.
[Urgent] Is feeding an aborted fetus my gun illegal if I was planning on eating it anyway?
I think it's the opposite really, you'd be hard pressed to find a part of this that is normal
But only when *I* say so based on my mood and time of day
*Why* are you enjoying this so much?
Which, btw, is total bullshit. You can literally shoot someone in the face with a shotgun when they break in and you won't see a day in jail but set a trap so you don't have to do that and it's wrong?
I mean, it's a reproductive fluid. It kinda is specifically sexual. I don't just jizz non-sexually throughout the day.
I guess that's fair, but if you're home when a trap goes off does the same apply? Could it be assumed there's a threat to you inherently if someone breaks in while you're home?
Eh it doesn't bother me. The lattes are fine and I only get the iced coffee with mocha swirl as a treat. Beats spending 3x as much at starbucks to pretend I'm better than people for drinking equally burnt coffee with a metric fuckton of sugar added to cover it up. Went to starbucks recent cause Dunkin was far. Got a grande hazelnut latte, added shot of espresso. Was meh, mildly burnt, didn't add enough cream and sugar to offset the mediocre coffee. Shit was still like 5 dollars
Threatening war on the media and political rivals on the other hand
The fuck does honk mean? Is that the frenworld nazi shit? Became I'll freedom jizz on a Nazi Otherwise yeah, profiting from being an asshole can get you into lots of trouble if you're not already rich
I guess that's fair, but in other contexts would be victim blaming for letting people steal your shit by... Having shit to steal
Yeah I hadn't really considered being away thing. Still a little crazy you can be punished for what you do to your own house if someone breaks in lol but makes *more* sense now
I'm still confused but as long as you're not one of those jackasses
I was thinking of democrats lol Trump hasn't exactly been stealthy in his brazen name-calling and attacking media legitimacy. Honestly he could be banned just because twitter doesn't like him, it *is* a private company. But I think it's far more sensible that it'd be because the rhetoric he spreads. Not that either will happen while he's in office.
Technically still logically valid
Dogs are not more valuable than people but they're definitely better. I sure as hell enjoy most dogs company more than most people's. And with good reason too, people can be dicks for personal gain. Dogs are only dicks when they lack care and training. Provide care and training and you got a pretty consistently good pal.
It's likely fake but yeah I would say if not it's a deep psychological problem that would allow for this kind of behavior. Not sexual by necessity but likely leaning towards it.
Well yeah, it's pure bloodlust. Nobody is claiming they're tough, they just have a hard on for watching people suffer and use subs like JusticePorn or whatever to not feel bad about it. Hell I go on JusticePorn sometimes and watch road rage compilations too, but I know it doesn't make me a better person. But still I never come to the conclusion of just sheer violence like they do. It's literally everywhere. Any time anyone does anything vile just count the number of people in the comments saying we should just fucking shoot them without due process. It's crazy.
Not close by. I go to Dunkin because it's cheap and good enough. Starbucks is actually closer but more expensive and rarely do I order anything they do well there. The only other coffee shop is further away than both of them and costs as much as Starbucks but makes *damn* good coffee. I mean nice espresso machine, frothed milk, little designs in the cappuccino, all that. But distance and price makes it unfortunately a seldom visit. So I often end up either making a pourover at home or going to dunkin.
The hell is a conservative democrat lol But yeah she's obnoxious. I lean pretty right with only a few socially conservative views but shit like that gets on my nerves. Too bad I can't really go on /r/TumblrInAction where it's constantly posted without a shitstorm brewing every 5 seconds about how trans people are retarded and racism is overblown.
I guess that's pretty similar to me. I live in a liberal young / college part of the south and tend to be pretty left on everything but have a few conservative views. I just all that middle-left lol
Your username appears to be randomly generated so I won't try too hard here but like I say with most religions it's up to how it's implemented on an individual basis. It's fine to dislike Christianity and Islam and all of that and concept and I do, but I don't take it as far as to assume anyone practicing it is a bad person, it's a case of the inverse not necessarily appling.
They do sell normal coffee and it's only marginally more expensive for a cup of black coffee but it doesn't taste that gray and I don't drink coffee black unless I make it myself or someone that actually cares makes it, no chain places in my experience make solid black coffee. And my point was to say I'm not going to go to Starbucks and spend a lot more for what amounts to basically the same quality and quantity
Yeah except people can just choose not to rape other people. Car accidents are called accidents for reason. You don't just accidentally rape people because you weren't paying attention. It's pretty disingenuous to relate the two like that.
I mean I get where you're coming from but that's strange. I'll show my friends funny stuff I come across and them me once in a while 🤷🏻‍♂️ don't think anything of it. Seems like if it's short and part of the discussion to dodge it all means necessary is a /r/phonesarebad kinda thing
I'm just straight up selfish sometimes. I grew up super nice and friendly but I was a fucking doormat and got myself hurt plenty of times over because I was way kinder to people than they wanted to be to me. So occasionally I'll just focus on me. I don't go out of my way to be a dick or anything but I just focus on me and don't worry about things like holding doors for people a questionable distance away or letting people in traffic in front of me when they weren't paying attention. It's no so much that I'm intentionally dude to people, I'm just focused on myself sometimes. Life's too short to always live for other people.
See there is the issue though. If you're struck by a drunk driver it doesn't quite matter what you do does it? Or lightning, or whatever. You could stay inside and never talk to anyone ever again, invest in an automated security system that shoots home invaders, and hope that you can survive off delivery pizza, but that seems like an extreme measure. Yet if you go outside you're more likely to get struck by lightning. If you drive you're more likely to get hit by a drunk driver. If you walk down an alleyway late at night you're more likely to be raped. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't go outside, or drive, or go to bars at night. And by just focusing on that you kind of shift responsibility onto the victim. The original comment also mentioned dressing appropriately. I'm not sure what they mean by that, but if you're saying that wearing something that shows some skin provokes rape, 1) let's see a source on that and 2) the solution isn't to punish women by telling them it's their fault for wearing something. In fact I encourage women to wear provacative clothing if thats what they like. If they're raped that's 100% on the rapist, what they wear has nothing to do with it.
Thanks reason is she's brown*
Eventually someone will, it'll just be via a bar fight after Sgt. Drinky leaves the divorce hearing
I used to be an assistant manager for a retail shop (don't want to get too specific). Funny thing is I had 0 retail experience but they needed a worker and I had experience with the product base. Anyway, I actually fucked up. I overslept once. My bad. The manager was out of town though so I was responsible for opening the store. Big oof. I get there late, open up. Here's the thing, most senior manager in the store is supposed to take the money to the bank. so I take the money to the bank and lock the store up but I get a phone call from the manager absolutely screaming at me for being late and then asking why I'm not at the store. Well, I tell him. He loses his shit, says I could have waited for the other worker (non-management woman slightly older than me) to get there and to hurry the hell up or my ass is grass. Here's the thing though, it's against company policy for the only Management in the store to leave the store unattended with only retail associates. So I actually couldn't have done that. That dude was an asshole and ended up getting fired for drinking too much on a business trip and puking in an elevator. Then the regional manager got fired because that was like the third failure he hired as a manager. This left ONLY me and the retail employee. Later that same retail employee gaslighted me into quitting. Saying corporate was coming to lay down the law. I was already so stressed from college and working back to back 11 hour shifts when I didn't have classes, I went to the backroom and sent an email to corporate HR letting them know I was resigning. And then I dropped off the keys and walked out. Apparently that was the wrong move because the owner of the company (who I had just met earlier that day, really nice dude who told me it's gonna be fine and we'll figure shit out) called me to find out what was going on. That job was abso-fucking-lutely not worth the stress for $9/hr at 19 years old. Fuuuuuck that. I was torn up about it and felt like a failure and guilty for walking out. Hope that one worker enjoys the $9/hr role she probably got promoted to in my absence.
Christ you guys take shit literally don't you? What about when I order a large drink and it's like $9 at Starbucks but like 5 at dunkin? Thats nearly twice as much and also $9 is too much for me to spend on coffee
Yes I am sure people should go outside once in a while and not just sit in their moms basement blaming women for rape because you think of rape as a force of nature rather than an act. And it is not moronic to encourage women to wear what they want, what is moronic is giving in to rapist and acting like you have no control over the situation so pending responsibility onto women. There is no evidence that suggests what women wear has to do with the rate at which they are raped, so really this is all about just you being uncomfortable around scantily clad women. Likely something to do with that basement-dwelling from earlier. Men are not bears. They are not lightning strikes and they are not car crashes. they are people with full control over their actions and the only ones that should be responsible when they commit a crime. To blame women because you've made an inverse correlation between *seeing boobies* and rape rates is the only moronic thing here. *Don't want to get robbed? Just don't have nice things! If you have nice things you're just encouraging it, that's moronic!*
Company will put in the same amount of money as you up to a point. They match 5% contribution and you make $1000 net on your paycheck? That's $50. You put $50 in. They put $50 in. You've "lost" $50 but your 401k has $100 in it. Ergo you got $50 free just by contributing up to what the company matches.
Aim for federal limit if you can afford it lol
&gt; ***YES!*** If you put your expensive shit on display, you are asking for trouble. No, you're not. You have a right to have nice things. By your logic you just shouldn't have a nice car, a nice house, any jewelry, nothing. Because *people* are this unpredictable force and you'll be "asking for" them to rob you. Let's completely ignore they could just not rob you, noooo, it's your fault for simply having anything positive and enjoying life. How dare you. &gt; Don't just whip out your brand new iPhone in the middle of Shanksville. Jesus Christ, you lack all common sense. **Ok, so we're going with exaggerating then**. Just dont *have* big boobs. Because even if you cover them you can still see the shape. Dont have a nice car or nice house, because someone could see you getting into your car and follow you to your nice house. Don't have a good job because you may have to wear expensive clothes, which might *make* someone rob you. You should probably just find an online job and never leave your house. That way you'll be safe, perfectly safe alone in your home for the rest of your life. Seperated from the *inevitable harm* that awaits you outside. Don't go see your friends and family because you might get in a car wreck. Don't go out to eat, you might choke on your food. Don't go to the doctor when you're sick because other sick people might make you more sick. Eat protein shakes in bulk and browse reddit shit talking people for the rest of your life. &gt;Go ahead, go out in the world preaching your lack of common sense. Go ahead, go out in the world preaching how you've given up and accepted that enjoying life in any way will make people, the ultimate inevitable, harm you. &gt; Get the people closest to you hurt. Stay away from your friends and family, especially it they live in low income areas. &gt; Get yourself hurt. Give up on yourself &gt; I don't care anymore. You never did. &gt; Removing yourself from the gene pool is probably the best thing for everyone. Well I hope if you have kids in the future you have girls so you can raise them to be ashamed of their bodies and lives. You'll preach it as *being safe* but secretly you'll judge them any time they show skin. God forbid they do get raped and your first question will be what they did to provoke it. They'll distance themselves from you as you grow senile alone, and then you'll die clenching your last "at least I was right". But yeah I don't want to have kids so not an issue for me. I'm capable of thinking more than one step ahead.
&gt;No, your entire ideology is based on the notion that you shouldn't prepare yourself or minimize the chances of bad things happening to you. Wrong. Minimizing harm is fine, to an extent. It has to be within reason. Subjecting yourself to shaming your body and hiding your pride is, in my opinion, an unreasonable extent to minimize harm **given the lack of evidence proving there's a correlation**. Like I said... You can give up everything you have in life and shit may still happen to you. Living in a bubble away from everyone is the only way to be safe, and that's no way to live. So instead I place responsibility on the responsibile party. Would you have been raped if you didn't go out with friends? Logically probably not, but that's 1) unpredictable and 2) unreasonable because you also wouldn't have gone out. You can't just validate the premise with the conclusion, that's begging the question. And even if it *wasn't* a flawed argument, your argument to not getting raped becomes "just don't go out with friends" which is ridiculous. &gt; You are preaching that people should make the choice to exist only in the current turn, that they shouldn't have to worry about thinking one step ahead. But I'm not. I'm preaching that people should not be so concerned with elements totally outside of their reasonable control that they sacrifice everything. It's 3 steps 1. Should I do X? 2. No, I may be raped 3. That's a bullshit reason for not doing X and requires a disproportional sacrifice to reduce risk You're not sacrificing anything by wearing a seatbelt or not going out in a thunderstorm. But hiding your body away and giving up your social life is a sacrifice, and it's not a fair one given you're not committing the crime. By making your argument you're excusing the following argument that if you *are* raped, anything you didn't do to minimize it is your fault. Which is bullshit. And if you don't support that conclusion then your initial argument falls apart because if it's not in part your responsibility for not minimizing risk then you've no reason to do it. And that leads us with your implied ultimatum. *If you don't do everything in your power to minimize risk, no matter how unjust a system or how large a sacrifice, it is in part your fault what happens to you*. Which can be applied to literally any victim, just ask the guys in Saudi Arabia.
&gt; This is how you turn normal people pro life. Your views on a subject shouldn't be based around other people who also follow those views. That is 100% sports team politics.
I don't think that's the intent. I think it's the order of magnitude in question. There were fewer but more severe attacks by Muslim extremists but many more less extreme domestic attacks by pro-lifers. I think the point is that neither of these are OK, not that it's a competition.
And that's the point everyone here is missing trying to play devils advocate
&gt; no $35 No u &gt; they're in high school and can't pay It's not their responsibility? You're the parent... &gt; she's going to fail because of you She's going to fail because she's bad at the subject, hence the tutor. I mean, you could pay but since you're not she's going to fail because she's uninformed and you're too cheap to help &gt; Dumb bitch But... She's the one tutoring... If anything she's the smartest one there
&gt; **How to place a Hershey's™️ chocolate bar on a cupcake** &gt; 1. Just fuckin put it on there I guess idk
Which is funny because apparently a solid half of them are well aware of what's going on. I had a friend go down that rabbit hole and come to the concensus that 25-50% of users legitimitely think it's a harmless circlejerk and the rest are very well aware it's a dogwhistle sub and take the underlying message very seriously
So it's free speech to be able to support a fascist who wants to silence political opposition but it's not free speech to protest it? Free speech doesn't protect you from judgement. Trump supporters know their views are vile and they know everyone else knows it and that no amount of money or legal power can stop people from judging them for it and they hate it.
Fuck now I need ibuprofen
No because this whole thing was ridiculous from the start so I haven't been paying attention
I still have people telling me there's no proof of Russian interference. Had one guy say due to the nature of hacking and cyber security it's impossible to tell where an attack is coming from. Like bitch, you really think an investigation agency for the most powerful nation in the world can't get around a VPN? It's crazy. When you outright deny proof you've decided your conclusion regardless of fact. **"I'm not going to let being wrong get in the way of being right, regardless of how many false truths or true lies you tell me!"**
Nice to see actual patriotism once in a while
How have they managed to sustain a population with all the inbreeding?
The "democrats are the real racist" thing is so fucking crazy. Like the republican party, party of the klan, party of jim crow, party of "get off mah property and go back ta where ye came from!!1" is saying democrats, party of the social progressive movement, party of equal rights, party of healthcare and wellbeing for the underprivileged... Are racist! It's so laughable. I wonder if they *actually* believe it.
Never been to Nashville, only through Newport. I'm lucky to live in one of the scattered liberal areas in the south, but I gotta get out of here lol it's hot as the devils asshole and the government blows
CHLRPSHRPRBLRSH *Comes up for air, sneezes* LRSHPRSHBLRSH
It's how dominos cuts thin crust pizza. Can't have too big of slices because the crust will break so they cut it like that. Fun fact you can request any pizza cut like that. Source - worked for dominos for a year
Jesus that's literally almost 10 kilos of sugar... Is this a /r/bossfight?
I also had swine flu, missed a week of school and felt like I was being burned and frozen alive at the same time. Then in a delirious and likely dehydrated state I developed an insatiable craving for tomato soup. I ended up getting some and it turns out I really don't like tomato soup. At least I didn't before vomiting everywhere, now I hate it. Missed a week of school tho 3/10 would do again
Hi outside here that wears normal not overpriced clothes, what's with the trend of super tight pants tucked into oversized shoes with a tarp as a shirt? Often paired with an earily perfect beard line and shaved head *exception the top*?
Yeah it stinks to high heaven. But it gives reddit a chance to be angry and villainize people with different opinions via hyperbolic fictional characters so front page it is
Given a months notice a lot of people can. PTO is a thing. Still fake but not for that reason
Yeah but they don't
Well it's definitely not pro-choice as choice isn't the deciding factor. It's more "pro-life but get off my back about it"
&gt; bigot Ironic
A joke? In *my* fake rage thread?
&gt;big·ot &gt;/ˈbiɡət/ &gt;noun &gt;a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions. And then &gt; Disgusting &gt; Murder &gt; Maximum cope That sound like you're accepting of differing views?
I'm accepting of neither. But only one took place here.
The name is meaningless. Slavery was on the "democrats" too but the Confederates fought to protect it and who loves the Confederates these days? Republicans. Jim crow laws may have been by the "democrats" but that same party is republican today, so I'm using today's stabdard
Don't forget up to 7x safe capacity and people standing on toilets to breathe
*Honorable judge Beer Kananana residing* &gt; THIS IS A DEMONIC WITCH HUNT ORCHESTRATED BY HILLARY CLINTON. I LIKE BEER, I'M AN AMERICAN *cries* I LIKE beer *holds up [picture](https://i.imgur.com/vDjlvSf.jpg) and cries #WITCHHUNT ^^^ilikebeer
Guess we'll see a lot of people vacationing and deciding on a whim to get an abortion then.
tldr my way or the highway and if you question me I'll scream and squirm on technicalities and over talk you and if you argue me into a corner I'll leave
/r/iamverysmart in a nutshell
ChemoStraps™️
I wish a cancer scare on them but not actual cancer. As much as I dislike them and want them to know the effects of their actions first hand, cancer is a bitch.
Maybe in this era where we have a new scandal swept under the rug every week
Yeah nazis killed millions of jews but I saw a Democrat toss a candy bar wrapper on the ground once so come on everyone's the same really right?
So how do you suppose a government operates without any money? Or are you one of those super edgy anarchy types?
/r/SelfAwareWolves Let's not have a government or taxes, just unregulated bodies of people deciding what should and shouldn't happen based off a capitalistic regime and holding one another accountable using money as leverage So you want an informal government that's significantly less efficient and wildly more varying in practice with none of the public services
You missing something here? The "all political parties suck" outlook is about as lazy and apathetic as you can get. Some parties suck way more than others.
Same. Not to be be trusted. I bet Bernie pours perfect beers.
Well that's a slippery slope if I've ever seen one. Let's forget the guy that tried sending bombs to democrats already. The egging of that Australian politician and the recent milkshaking have been so well supported because they're ultimately harmless. Nobody would actually support harmful violence, no matter what these echo chamber subreddits would have you believe by posting screenshots of anonymous tumblr posts.
Not if it was legalized and the industry was regulated
If you choose to do it more power to you. Should be legal and regulated. So long as there's safety it doesn't matter what random people like.
*tell innocent unarmed person to lay on floor still and crawl towards me and other impossible orders* *shoot them when they attempt to comply* another day saved! *go on paid leave (vacation)* *beat wife because 40% domestic violence rate*
1. Is this something people haven't heard of? They're doing that 3 new limited edition flavors thing they always do. They have a "hazelnut spread" one too, an espresso one, a coconut one.. 2. Spicy + chocolate go really well together, also not news
Really? As I recall there were 3 independent surveys that came to similar conclusions ranging from 25 to 40%
You go to business where it's legal and you're security checked. Like going to an airport except its sex
Biden: the worst best choice
At night laying in bed in silence and thoughts of tragedy and loss and sadness just flooding my mind. Why? The only thing I can do is focus on breathing and even still all I can think of is losing everyone I care about horrifically and being alone.
My life is in a really good place right now and I'm not really happy and feel super guilty about it. I'm in my early 20s and I have a high paying and very competitive position at a really good company. Have my own car, my own apartment, 6 months savings, about to pay off my student loans next year less than 2 years after graduating, my girlfriend moved in with me from her abusive parents house, she's doing well and I've helped her get her own car / insurance / job / start paying rent. Things are going pretty well for me and I feel ultimately a bit bored and lonely in life. I miss college getting drunk on a Wednesday because you don't have class until 11 the next day and yeah there's a test but it's an easy class I miss going out to play pool with friends at a bar until midnight I miss skating around campus in the middle of the day because you have a 4 hour gap between classes I miss the diversity in thought that came from a hodgepodge schedule of classes with very different topics I miss partying at dorms and almost getting into trouble and not speaking of some things that happened I live a great life now but I go to work for 8 hours and sit in a box in silence essentially figuring out puzzles to improve my company's product with moderate recognition occasionally, but I'm surrounded by people who have passion where for me it's kinda just a job... Then I come home and guess what riveting activities I partake in? Dishes. And laundry. Maybe I can squeeze in some game time by myself, if I'm lucky one of my 2-3 friends will be able to play too but prob not cause they're going through the same shit. Then I cook, dirtying half the dishes I just cleaned. I've started going to the gym so that's another hour gone and more laundry to wash / dry / fold My girlfriend is talking about a boy at work she thinks is cute and doesn't know how to deal with it because her narcissistic mother never let her date so I'm her first *real* boyfriend, so I got that shit to figure out All my friends are talking about fucking moving away My car won't stop breaking and I can't get a new car until these loans are paid off so I just keep fixing it, which I used to enjoy because I like cars but now has just become a setback Don't know if I mentioned in this wall of text but I've stopped drinking as much, given up soda, and given up nicotine. And I thought it'd make me feel great but it just made me more bored. At least those things gave me something to *feel*. Like yeah I'm proud of myself but fuck I feel like I'm stuck in a loop just waiting for the parts I like to come around. It's miserable. And I have a good life and I hate saying it because I have so much to be happy about, so much I once wish I had I now do. And I probably would miss it too if I lost it, but I'm not satisfied.
What if losing consistently in a video game reminds me of how I feel like a loser in real life? But video games are the escape? Even if you're trying to improve yourself and self imagine, it takes time, and you bring those issues into your losses. The wins feel like accomplishments and the losses like reminders of what you're going back to. You know uh just hypothetically speaking. P.S. single player games, especially those that build creativity like minecraft and terraria, seem to help with this. Super competitive and team based games like overwatch absolutely do not. Hypothetically maybe uninstall overwatch.
Straight pride parade is the equivalent of the white lives matter which is the equivalent of church of the flying speghetti monster (in concept, not practice) They all exist tangential to their counterparts and not independently. People say "you can have gay pride but not straight pride?" Tell me, would you be having a straight pride parade if gay pride was never a thing? No, because that's fucking ridiculous. Your cause exists solely as a counterpoint to another cause so you can either A) feel included and special too B) draw meaning away from the original group The only people who support shit like this are uncomfortable with gay people being in the spotlight. However they try to hide it under "just being fair", they have no interest in *straight pride*, only in bringing themselves up because they're uncomfortable with others they don't like being on a platform.
I started drinking coffee at like 10. Granted it was folgers instant coffee with a fuckton of milk and sugar, but I would drink it with my late grandmother after school and watch judge judy. I have always liked coffee since, it's comforting.
Do you have a permit to speak such truth? That can be harmful you know.
Yeah republicans have a strange way of losing the popular vote and still winning. Could it be the election fraud? Nooo, that'd be cheating. They'd never do that.
I mean in how they feign like it's a real religion that deserves respect. Everyone knows, including them, that it'd a joke but the joke stretches on too long because they're committed to the metaphor. So in that way it's similar to how the others act.
I mean it's not without it's merits. Far left activists are capable of using violence just like the alt righters. A lot of far left groups end up being exclusive rather than inclusive, the so called "oppression Olympics", which isn't super different from the far right excluding other religions and races, just inversed. I don't think the horseshoe theory is entirely accurate that they're the same, just that they exhibit many of the same behaviors. Violent opposition towards political rivals (fascism). Favoritism based on race, sexuality, religion, etc. (As seen as some subgroups within BLM / LGBTQ) I'm not going to claim these things happen to the same extent but pretending they don't happen sets us back. We should be striving towards being inclusive and treating those with differences as equals so long as they're not hurting anyone or spewing hate. If you're not doing that it doesn't really matter where on the political spectrum you fall. You can be a bigot from anywhere. FWIW I consider myself very left-leaning. But when you have antifa breaking windows and burning cars and parts of the BLM movement trying to add a brown stripe to the pride flag you can see where I'm coming from.
I wasn't running for president so I'm not sure what you're on about. Also come to NC to see what republicans to do win. Using gerrymandered districts deemed unconstitutional for polling and committing election fraud for a decade before getting caught *and then still being given the option to run in the re-polling you cheated in*. You don't have to "deal with" losing if you lost because your opponent played dirty. In most games they're disqualified and youre deemed the winner for that.
And see, that's what I don't like about this place. There can't just be discussion. You all act elitist and righteous but won't even talk through your views. We could have discussed differing views and maybe both have grown but instead you act self righteous and dismiss everything I said nonchalantly, and nobody is any better for it. I consider myself to be liberal because I think my views can hold up to argument. If I'm proven wrong I'll change my views. Hasn't happened yet. But I'm not scared to have them challenged.
&gt;They one Lol But no, I'm not. Because without foreign interference and targered disinformation campaigns, which have proof of directly benefitting them, they wouldn't have "one".
I think the horseshoe theory is flawed but makes a connection that's important to consider. Violence is not an effect of a specific political view. Exclusion, favoritism, violence, etc. are not things that *only* happens on the far right. We have things like antifa to show that. Again I consider myself very liberal, but I think an important part of progress is introspection. We have groups far left that are heinous. That exclude and assume the worst of innocent people for factors outside of their control, some of which use violence. That's not to say they're *the sane*, because they're not. But the behaviors are strikingly similar. I think what the horseshoe theory attempts but fails to communicate is that violent opposition of those with differences is characterisic of radicalization, not of any given political belief. I can understand wanting to seperate the right and left, they're very different. But extremists are very similar and just mold their violence to fit their political alignment. Whether you're attacking someone for being black or attacking someone for being straight at a pride parade... You're still using your political views to attack an innocent person. And I think that's what horseshoe theory speaks to. Not to left vs right, but to how radicalization of any view breeds similar results.
Yeah, you're right. But as I literally **just said**, comparing it to something worse doesn't excuse it. To progress we need to acknowledge that just because left wing violence and extremism isn't literally naziism doesn't mean it's ok. In this sub you can't mention that without a smart ass remark about both sides or whatever. It reeks of "we can do nothing wrong", and that's immature and inaccurate.
The FIRST fucking line I said was they're not the same. Christ this is what I was talking about, you all keep jumping to your stupid *Left: does little thing* *Right: does big thing* *____: eXaCtLy ThE sAmE* Meme. That's not what I said. I specifically said I wasn't saying that.
No, the use of violence to achieve your political goals is not acceptable. I understand you think you're fighting with reason for the good of humanity but that doesn't excuse it. You choose violence because other avenues to your goal that are peaceful are difficult, but that doesn't mean the easy way is fine.
That's why she got the popular vote huh?
And I'm sure you all are subscribed to subs where it is "appropriate" right? You don't all just sit in here circlejerking pretending we don't have baddies on our side too?
&gt;When was anyone attacked for being straight at a gay parade? Go over to /r/TumblrInAction for a refreshing dose of "straight people don't even show up" &gt; You keep talking about this left violence, without proof. Well, the violence is a bit different than the nasty attitudes and harassment. Violence would be like that guy kicking the camera out of the woman's hand or, as harmless as they may seem, throwing eggs and milkshakes at politicians. &gt; And you might find some examples, but will you dare compare them to fascist, rascist or religious violence? Is it like a trend around here that things have to be of equal severity to be compared? You realize two things can be wrong without being equally wrong right? &gt; There are people literally carrying swastikas and confederate flags on the far right today, which I believe means they agree with this shit. And that's pretty bad &gt; Is it so hard to say that right is *teeny tiny bit* worse? No and I literally said that so I don't know what you're on about. You guys have your heads so far up your ass you think anyone disagreeing with you is saying they're *literally* the exact same. You spread posts saying that and any argument you get into you come to the table assuming that's the point being made. That's an echo chamber dude.
Well I would definitely day that war with a hostile foreign nation is different from attacking citizens domestically for suffering views. Don't get me wrong, if someone punched a nazi in front of me I'm not the one filing a report. But I still acknowledge it's a wrong thing to do. I don't take justice into my own hands because that's an unsustainable and inconsistent approach to dealing with problems.
&gt; And saying that this is both violence kind of underestimates the mountains of difference between the two and it works in advantage of the fascist. I understand where you're coming from but it makes too many people comfortable with something that is **also wrong**. It's honestly not hard. I feel like an analogy would make it more relatable. A kid says a curse word and you go to punish them, they say "but mom really bad things happen in the world", she says "well yes but saying bad words is bad too" and the kid responds "comparing those two really makes it seem like the worse things aren't as bad". &gt; I realize you say the right is worse, so just say horseshoe theory is bullshit. But I'm not, because it makes some legitimite points even if it's not perfect. &gt;Tbh I've never seen this before and this is straight up (some pun intended) threatening and I will say it: this is wrong. (Note that I did not say that for milkshake shit) Good. That's what should be acknowledged. That's the *point* of the horseshoe theory I believe, not to say that people like that are as bad as nazis, but to explain the effect that radicalization can have on any set of views. We shouldn't accept behavior like that from anyone.
It doesn't have to be sustainable? That doesn't make sense. If you're looking for a way to operate a system you don't pick what barely works sometimes. I draw sustainability from morality too. Part of how we decide morality is sustainability, in other words "if everyone did this would shit hit the fan?" Should I steal a car? Well if everyone stole cars nobody would have a car and it would be chaos. So probably not. Should I punch that person protesting? Well if everyone did that we'd effectively lose our right to protest, so probably not. Political violence isn't acceptable when nobody is in danger. Political violence to protect is a different story. But it's a blurry line because you can claim right wingers who are innocent are inadvertently fueling a fire that could harm someone, but I don't think that justifies immediately and certain action.
I'm not super upset about the milkshaking, and really what I'm trying to argue is conceptual. I also would have been one to punch the nazi guy on the street or egg the politician, I'm not claiming to be *better* than anyone or anything. Rather that actual violence that causes harm should be restrained. And there's definitely less cases of it on the left, but it does happen.
&gt; If everyone punched nazis instead of protecting them, we wouldn't have had WWII. The people prior to WWII didn't really know that though. If you told me punching an alt righter would stop WWIII I would be all for it, but we can't know that. I've argued on both sides of this now, for one that we should violently oppress violent ideologies, and the other that we should take a grander stand. My issue is this: Nobody is a nazi because they're never been punched. Punching a nazi isn't going to knock the nazi out of them, it's just going to radicalize them further. At the same time though nobody is a nazi if they had common sense and decency. Words aren't going to fix this either. So how do we act? Violent oppression because it feels good (and trust that's the main reason most protestors use force - because attacking the other is a form of expression and it feels good) under the guise of due diligence, or being the bigger person and risking falling into harm yourself?
Given our history of election fraud I have a guess how that will go
Straight pride parades are pointless. It's literally just saying "well I get a parade too!" like a snot nosed brat. Has nothing to do with straight pride and everything to do with them simply not liking gay people or the support they get. They wouldn't have a parade if the gay pride parade wasn't a thing, they're literally just retaliating to be self centered bigots.
I marched in a pride parade and it was pretty pleasant and upbeat. There were some people being gross with too much PDA but it was pretty moderate. Probably cause I was in a bigger city.
They group up to feel confident in themselves and supported by their peers in the face of adversity. How many straight people do you think feel like that, given 95% of the population is straight?
Uniformity Uno = one Form = shape One-shapity
(quietly) fuck
That sounds illegal
Are you sure that's what it means?
&gt; german Found the problem Source: own and work on a VW. Yall are just sadists.
Honestly? I had a huge thing for a girl in high school and she liked it. Never ended up hooking up, haven't spoken to her in 5 years or so.
My friend said the first and only time he spent the night at a mutual friends place after gaming / drinking / etc. mutual friend's mom came down early in the AMs, didn't turn any lights on, hunched over and stared at his face for a good 30 seconds. Then paced around their living room / kitchen silently and went back upstairs.
\**cummed
Yeah, 90% of guys will say they're 7 inches or more but very few are Cue I mUsT bE lUcKy hUrRhUrRhUrR
&gt; only 1.5 inches thick I mean that sounds about right, who's out here with megawide dicks? Edit - got home and looked at a ruler. 1.5 looks totally normal
That'd be a 3" thick dick. No way, she made it seem like 1.5" was small, but that sounds like a normal diameter to me Not that I'm a dick specialist or anything
Honestly man no matter what you do it's gonna be a guess. There's really not even a point cause it's not gonna change.
Not gonna question how you know thick dicks run in the family but I'ma go easy on you since you're still a kid and tell you not to get cocky *heh* because literally nobody that is worth anything cares about that. If the size of you dick is the deciding factor of anything in life you're already not winning.
Yeah fuckin enourmous that's like as big as a baseball bat, maybe bigger That's like... Synthol dick (DO NOT GOOGLE)
In width? No it's not dude. I measured my index and middle finger together and got 1.3" &amp;#x200B; A 3" wide penis would literally be as wide as a can of soda. Maybe you mean circumference?
I highly doubt that but still, that's 1/4" difference which is a lot in diameter. 3" is as wide as a can of soda. That shit is not normal.
Yeah I mean I slightly OC my cpu, I'm running a 2600 and 970 sc so I push it a lil
It's a b450m tomahawk for what it's worth I don't know
**Due to 3k character limit let me clarify. She is just as conflicted with her emotions as me. She doesn't understand why she feels this way towards someone outside of the relationship. I have told her time and again it's normal, it's a "look but don't touch" kind of thing. We can't help how we feel but we can help how we act.Still, even though we spend some time together it seems she cares more about what he thinks than the state of our relationship. That alone has me worried.**
x-posted there fwiw, link is [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/by58w9/xpost_from_aita_girlfriend_gets_job_befriends_guy/)
Thank you for your response. As painful as it is I will bring this up with her, it's either me or him. I hate the concept of an ultimatum, what should I do?
Which is my concern. but we've been through a lot, if possible I'd like to work through it with her. If not then I can't change what is. Either way I'd like to make it as seamless as possible.
Thanks for your response. I'll hear anything that helps, even if it hurts. I'll bring this up tomorrow, and if it goes south... well I tried
I don't feel responsible for her welfare, it just hurts me to see her suffer. I care a lot about her and we've tag teamed a lot of life's issues, aside from this we've been a real Bonnie and Clyde, as cringey as that is. But to answer you I don't think she feels she's taking advantage of me. I legitimitely believe she doesn't understand the impact this has. I know a lot of people won't understand this, but she's not had the opportunity to gather experience dating and testing waters like many have. So I don't think she means any harm and ultimately cares about me more, but doesn't grasp the severity of the situation
Thank you for your response. Perhaps you're right and I'm giving her too much credit. I should be more forward and bring this up.
After 5-6 years it's difficult for me to see her feel for someone else. I can't entirely blame her as I can't blame myself, neither of us are without our flaws. But I believe if she were to be provided with blunt honesty she would choose me. At least I can hope for now. Wish me luck.
Good lol Jk. But this is obviously the most likely scenario.
Thanks for the response. As much as I appreciate the "get out of there" approach, it's not feasible For one we've been together since high school and we're both college grads. Hell or high water we tag team life. Second of all she's on my lease for my apartment so out of here is only conceptual lol I'll have a sit down with her though. Shes a sweet girl. Conflicted and flawed, but sweet.
Appreciate the support ♥️
Last night she was mad and quiet. I talked to her this morning. She said she hadn't thought of it that way and she understands why I feel like I do now. She insists they're just friends and he doesn't want to hook up with her, and I'm not trying to tell her what friends she can and can't have you know? So not sure what either of us should do.
I'm just here because this post is on the front page, but you do realize people are active in multiple subreddits right? Like their views don't change because they're in a different sub than politics. It's not bringing it to other subs because they dont get attention in politics, they're probably just active in other subs. The whole "go back to ____" is kinda stupid because people don't live in a single subreddit
Beard oil is still good for your fair / hair follicles even if you never grow past a stubble
It'd still be funny tho. Not very cause it's not a good joke, maybe call it a gaykart or a anti-puss unit or something.
It can be funny even if it's offensive.
Does it start or stop being funny depending on if that group is around to hear it?
Yes, absolutely. Criticizing someone hired to protect us for using a gun to kill us is much different than that person insulting us. When you realize that people in positions of authority aren't just you regular joe schmucks you'll understand. It's not "unfair" for people to make fun of the president for example and then call him out for being inappropriate **because he's the fucking president, not your bar buddy. There's a reason Kyle who drinks a 6 pack and says questionable things about Jews is not president - we hold them to a higher standard because they're in a higher position.**
Do you think you should be protected from publicly announcing your desire to act with violence towards someone? Especially if you have potential to kill as part of your job? Shit like this will get you tossed from jury duty immediately if found out, but it's cool to give you a gun and pay you to *protect* people lol
There it issss. Backed into a corner forced to face that you've been arguing a non-argument and now someone who can speak without just yelling belligerent slurs is pressing you... Better yell belligerent slurs, that'll show em! I am curious though. "Who the fuck talks like that"? What did I say that had you stumbling? Overwhelmingly? I know it's a lot of syllables but sound it out man you got this.
Nobody makes a dark joke to be just. They're said with the intent that it's offensive and impolite, it's the whole point
There's a big difference between being racist and laughing at a racist joke. Jokes can be funny even if you don't support the premises. It's about setup, punchline and storytelling. You don't have to legitimately believe the content of the joke to acknowledge that the way it's told is funny.
Christ what is this, the oppression olympics? Who cares which gender is technically statistically more likely blah blah blah Nobody should be attacked or raped or robbed, it's not a gender issue. Both sides of this argument are pathetic.
I attended a fairly large college (~30k students) and I would park in a further away parking deck because there was always parking. People with nice card would also park there because there was less chance of getting dinged with doors when there's nobody parked beside you. I thought it'd be fun to see how many mustangs I saw on my 10 minutes drive home. I think I ended up counting 11 in the parking deck and 5 more on the commute home. They're affordable and make a lot of power. For that reason they're really common.
That person is an enormous asshole. Good teams let members tell them how long it'll take to complete a task. It's a cornerstone of AGILE even. This senior person is clueless if they think you can just hand out a task blind and expect it done in a set timeframe.
Well yeah, it's /r/conspiracy. Their entire thing is denying shitty things happened because they're shitty and would rather not face themselves
NTA. Don't want people to stop associating with you for your hateful views? Don't have hateful views. Blood of human decency is thicker than water of the womb. Don't air fake dirty laundry to someone you've already hurt, and if you do, don't be mad when it comes back to haunt you.
Gassing people is not in the definition of concentration camp. That happened at notable nazi camps during ww2, but there have been other concentration camps where people weren't gassed.
Look how funny I am being offended on part of *Alabama* lmfao. Like calm down dude, they don't care. They can't read the comments.
Not really. Pain requires a functioning brain. Fetus pain during abortion is an enormous non-argument because it's not based in reality.
They're one of the worst states in the country, it's worthy of criticism. Of course nobody really does incest anymore, but I'm being critical of Alabama because it's a shit state.
Bleed on his couch then, bet he'll find them pretty damn necessary after that
It is "quite literally" not fucking racism at all. I never brought up race even once so I'm not sure where you gathered that from. My guess is you just really like making shit up. And yeah, I'm making jokes at the expense of people in an awful place because guess what? Democracy applies there too. The majority voted for the shitty people that run the state now. Sucks for those that didn't and can't get out of there but I'm not going to add a disclaimer to my joke specifying who it's talking about.
All the edgelords think they're like Rick. In reality they're a bunch on Jerry's, most people are. The people that are actually like Rick are totally dysfunctional and don't care about being represented by a cartoon character or *looking cool*, and they sure don't go out of their way to do so.
Honestly those always looked so ridiculous to me. Such over the top strange design. Definitely identifiable, but so is a turd.
People that do shit like this always do it for too long. Do people not have a sense of when enough is enough? I'm all about burnouts and donuts, but if you do it for *so* long, *something* is going to go wrong. Like gj blowing up your tires on your new hellcat because you did a 2 minute burnout when 20 seconds was plenty, very cool of you
I don't think I'm ignorant. In fact I think the ignorant ones are the ones that draw hard lines and refuse to accept comedy in otherwise serious and morose circumstances. People like Louis CK have risen to popularity because of their blunt attitude and dark topics, it's about reading your audience and framing your story. To say anyone that finds a well told joke about a dark subject, the kind of thing that makes you laugh but conceal it because you know you're not supposed to, to be funny and pretends like they don't think it is is ignorant is... Well, ignorant
That it's ok to find jokes about race funny and that doesn't make you a racist?
Chinese choochoos getting real sketchy
No shocker there
Seriously. I interned at my company before I became a junior. You know what had to happen before my code went to production? Pull request approval Unit tests passing QA / regression tests Deployment checks like checkmarx And when I wrote fuckey code, you know where it got stopped? At the pull request level 9 out of 10 times The fact that a company gives a junior enough power to even make major mistakes is a red flag. Lacking ambition or failing to improve over months is one thing. Dropping a prod database is at least 50% someone elses fault.
I read that post too and the guy seemed like an ass according to the OP. May have been a difference of "this would take *me* two hours" and "this should take *you* two hours"
&gt; npm install whatever packages you need &gt; git add all the files you want to commit &gt; rm hyphen rf whichever directory or files you want to delete I like this new syntax, very self documenting!
Eh there's some debate to be had. Punishment of the crime is supposed to be based off the harm caused. I think it should just be more closely related to perjury, not a variable punishment. For example lying about a rape shouldn't put you on a sex offender list, because you didn't actually sexually assault anyone.
Forgive me if I'm missing something but how is someone forced into marriage? Or is it like coercion under threat? Because otherwise you can just be like... No
So don't go to med school then, tf? Nobody forced you. You don't get to gatekeep things you put on yourself. &gt; Friend 1: Ah I sprained my wrist playing football &gt; Friend 2: *chops foot off with a machete* yOu ThInK a SpRaIn iS bAd
You may not care but the people in charge do and and as long as you support them then you support controlling women by proxy. And by all means if a fetus could be developed outside of a woman with no connection or fiscal responsibility that'd be the best option. But right now it's science fiction and coercing women into a lifestyle they can't support under the threat of lifelong damnation to prison is absolutely and unequivocally a control tactic.
Christians would report Jesus to ICE and pat themselves on the back for cleaning up the neighborhood of commie mexicans if he returned today.
Coming from the generation that destroyed the housing market and the economy but will throw a fucking temper tantrum if you call them out on it
\&gt; be me, boomer in their youth \&gt; finish high school by learning basic algebra \&gt; walk into a random factory I stumbled across, shake the CEOs hand, now a project manager \&gt; buy a house on the way home \&gt; oh shit I'm married, looks like there's a kid on the way \&gt; invest massive net wealth because I don't pay fuck all for my mortgage or taxes \&gt; retire early and live off portfolio investments \&gt; housing market goes to shit but who cares I already have a house \&gt; job market goes to shit but who cares I'm retired \&gt; economy goes to shit but who cares I'm loaded \&gt; education gets deeply privatized but who cares I didn't need a degree 30-40 years ago \&gt; social and political divisiveness increases but who cares I'm not at risk of harm from it \&gt; someone younger than me complains about anything "Ohhhh *sits up from air conditioned La-Z-boy recliner* your generation has it **sooo hard** because of **mean words**. Why don't you get a job and stop expecting everything to be handed to you!" \&gt; grabs piña colada from housemaids hand
But it's still a car, it's not indestructible just because it has a cooler and a tv in it. It will still break if you don't change the oil and the tires can still go bald lol you know?
Pffft haha fuck this one actually got me. That's just so terrible. Would you OOWOO wanna get fucked m8 me n the KAWAII bois need a #3 with extra sauce So bad though. Like waddles up to you? The fuck are you, a penguin? It's so sad, like these people are so beta they're advertising how small and meager they are in hopes someone of the opposite sex will pity fuck them
Fuck now I'm wheezing
This is what happens when people who have completely replaced water with mountain dew learn to communicate off badly scripted animes full of women with voluptuous tits that pop out every 5 seconds and *shrieeek* d-d-dont look senpai *nosebleed* Because that happens in real life
Protip, use backslashes to cancel out text formatting From: *this is italicized speech meant to convey emphasis* to I-I'm g-going to \*waddles over to you\* k-kawa-ill myself
I feel a reasonable reaction would be to assume you don't actively want it but aren't opposed to the concept. I don't actively want another woman in bed but conceptually in the right circumstances I wouldn't be opposed, that kind of thing
Yknow at this point I feel like it's a bad tattoo. Just gotta take pride in how shitty it is.
A simple "begoneth thot" would have sufficed
I mean you can still describe someone as *acting* beta without subscribing to the whole alpha male / beta male thing. Look he's acting like a fragile flower ok is that description more to your liking? Uwu please don't hurt my feelings
Yeah this is ideal, just let me hound down my food in an isolated dank corner somewhere and leave
Fox: where shots in the dark have a better chance of landing
People definitely say that. If you're not at a shit company you bring up issues with expectations and make adjustments with your manager. I'm also a software developer and that's 100% normal
I'm the same. I've been to a couple parties that resulted in waking up somewhere you didn't fall asleep at and multiple new contacts in your phone that you'll never text, but it's not my speed. Plus that shits fucking dangerous. You sure don't know you can drink an entire bottle of tequila before you try it but you sure don't forget either. Neither does anyone else.
Yeah that makes sense
Some doors don't lock 🤷🏻‍♂️
My mom constantly got onto me about risk and stuff and one of the few times I did have a girl over and got caught with the door locked she screamed as we got dressed then forced me to stay while she took her home and told her parents we had sex Then made me go over another day and **apologize to her parents who barely spoke english as everyone cried** In case you're wondering the answer is no, I did not have a healthy view on sex for a long time and some really fucking terrible anxiety issues to the point of panic attacks. This is obviously the better alternative than having to think about your kids having safe sex though, that's icky lol
&gt; it's their house But not their body and if the people are under 18 then tough luck lol, can't kick them out and honestly if you even want to for that you're probably a shit tier parent anyway
MY PHONE IS IN MY POCKET THE PASSWORD IS _____ CALL AN UBER DON'T YOU DARE MAKE ME PAY FOR A FUCKING AMBULANCE AND IT BETTER BE AN ECONOMY UBER TOO, SO HELP ME GOT IF YOU TOSS MY BODY IN A LUXURY UBER RIDE LIKE A BOUGEE RAGDOLL I'LL DIE ON PURPOSE AND HAUNT YOU
Exactly where should they do it then? Because in public it's illegal. Probably better to be slightly grossed out then have to pick your kids up from jail haha
Idk why that picture makes me uneasy
That what they're calling it these days?
Yeah I've been on there a few times, it's similar but doesn't really bother me. This just looks kinda gross and alien.
Man second life used to be so cool. Buy a functional car and go dick around in sandbox then go to Midway and shoot people and do naruto spells and stuff. To bad it's kind of a trash tier game and the only people that use it are kinda creepy. It was my first encounter with programming and online games and it really missed the mark :(
Over 18 you're right. Under 18 do it anyway because what are they gonna do? That's your home as much as it is theirs. Sexuality doesn't magically happen at 18, your parents inability to accept that doesn't change it. Either they get over it or they kick you out to boot camp or some shit and they don't ever hear back from you.
Me and my mom are cool. She's got issues, as do I, but aside from this specifically everything is great between us. I did move out when I could, but we're still close. It's a matter of mental health.
I mean, you could choose to not have sex yeah, but you could also not. One would think the parents would be the adults there and understand the situation and idk *maybe let that shit go* but I guess as long as we're putting responsibility on teenagers and removing freedoms just send them to work instead of you lol. I don't know. Maybe a good relationship with your parents is super important, IMO if you can severely damage that relationship by expressing your sexuality *as humans do, especially ones at the peak of puberty*, maybe just maybe your parents aren't people you should be looking to strengthen ties with. My mom didn't want me having sex in her house. I still did. I got caught. Despite some mental issues our relationship is fine. If that's all it took to break family bonds then I guess they weren't that strong to start with.
Crazy how you know so much about me and you're so in the right and I'm so in the wrong huh? You know my intent, my thoughts, my experience. Surely it can't be that you're being ignorant by assuming that, no it's that I'm ignorant based on your preconceived notion of what I think Sure some people tell dark jokes to be offensive, but lets be real. Why sugar coat being offensive as a joke if that was their intent? Just be outright with it. And please do tell me what goalposts I have moved. My position has always been and always will be that being offensive doesn't keep a joke from being funny, and that pretending like the joke itself isn't funny because you're afraid of being offensive is weak.
Of course it does, setting is 90% of a dark joke. That's the risk you run of telling one. It doesn't make you racist or homophobe or bigot or whatever, just socially unaware.
&gt; It's supposed to be a list of people around which you need to be careful and think twice before going to bed with Uhh... No it's not lol. That's none of the government's business. It's intent is a matter of safety in day to day life. Someone convicted of rape would theoretically be a higher risk to you than someone not. &gt; fake rape allegation absolutely qualifies. But it doesn't qualify as an actual sexual assault. Neither does pissing in a bush, which for the record is about as much of a sex crime as going 5mph over the speed limit is reckless driving, but yeah. Neither should put you on a list of people that commit violent sexual acts.
Just gonna... Write that one down for later
To be fair who remembers the names of high school textbooks lol I had to look it up for an area I got a BS in
Get off on the next exit?! But that'll cost me like, 3-5 minutes tops! No no no, I think I'll just put multiple people's lives at risk and then blow it off as an overreaction when confronted about it
Dude I see you everywhere. Are you a parody account or something? Being well meaning doesn't excuse it. A well meaning child can touch a hot stove to explore their curiosity too. The fact of the matter is you shouldn't just assume people are ok with discussing stuff about their private life. You never know when they have family issues or financial issues other personal issues blocking them from proceeding. And before you say "just tell them that then", *no*. They don't have a right to delve into your reasoning for not making major life decisions, they're not entitled to an explanation just because they're curious. If they tell you they're engaged you can ask when they plan on having a wedding, but don't just prod at their relationship like that, it's rude and deserving of sassy feedback.
You're stronger than I. My girlfriend keeps saying she wants a big family and I don't think she knows what she's in for.
Maybe my terminology is off, thought the labor part included the pregnancy but maybe not. Maybe it's labor for us guys for 9 months, ha! Just kidding, it sucks for everyone.
No no no, husbands are just big dumb apes who are loyal to you who work all day and when they come home you can hit them with a pan that goes THWANANANANG all cartoon-like when they try to take a peek at your bloomers!
They start off different or marry without putting considerable thought into it and then both people get fat and lazy and one party loses their libido and well you end up in situations where one ogre is mad at the other ogre for human behavior because they've failed to realize they let themselves go and mild grunts in uncomfortable positions in bed for 12 seconds once a month followed by nagging about what who did wrong just aint cutting it
You've clearly never chugged a bottle of wild irish rose then
Absolutely chilling. So difficult to watch but so necessary. The world needs more people like Jon Stewart.
Lol sorry that was autocomplete. I meant good as a *daily*. Also seems like every day someone is correcting cam/cams and header/headers Which plurality is right dammit, I need consistency! Lol
I feel like people aren't mad at "thoughts and prayers" the phrase but how obnoxious it is people feel compelled to contribute to a bad situation but don't actually take action. I would legitimately prefer "damn dude that sucks" over thoughts and prayers because at least then you're being real with me. If you feel powerless to help me but want to convey sympathy, fucking say that. I don't care if you think and pray about me, that's just noise. If you're going to make an effort to help then do that, and if you're not but have some weird compulsion to speak anyway (maybe because you feel emotion and just *can't* keep that inside), then go with the "damn that sucks wish I could help but I can't best of luck" approach. Thoughts and prayers, shit. Well I'm glad you get to feel like a good person in all of this. You didn't do anything and you probably won't even think or pray about it if we're being honest. I sure as shit don't benefit at all but hey, you got to pretend to be helpful because you feel sympathy. Gold star, B for bullshit because A for effort requires effort.
He didn't have his camera on? Guilty. Turn your fucking camera on if you've got nothing to hide.
Cop is overwhelmed, doesn't do his job, nearly kills a kid and it's fucking no biggie Someone with a gun is overwhelmed and they comply with every order and still get shot
They said *in the explanation* it's intent is to make you sound crazy when explaining it so they can disregard you and you immediately disregard it for being crazy Like are you fuckin for real man? Keep up here
You sound immensely edgy lmao
You're welcome! Finally getting some recognition around here 😜😩🤢
That's capitalism, has nothing to do with liberalism other than these companies recognize liberals are the ones that will praise actions that ultimately are for the common good. Sometimes it seems like people say "dumb liberals support $company for destroying doomsday asteroid. They only care about money you IDEEUT" Like of course they only care about money, it's capitalism. I can still appreciate that what they did for money made the world a better place. Their profits don't cancel out the good.
The *crazy stupid shit happening in the world*? So, like a neonazi would say, pride parades and removing confederate monuments? Have you ever been on /r/frenworld? It's not discreet *at all*. What this person said is absolutely accurate, it's not just some vague attempt to say "huh world's crazy huh", it's absolutely targeted. People in that sub where all this shit originates are definitely in on it. Like I said it's not discreet. Anyone with half a brain can see what's going on, you don't have to be paying that much attention to realize what that sub is about. It's fucking blatant. How anyone can defend it is beyond me, I guess some people don't want to admit that they're either naïve or shitty people.
Did you read what comment OP wrote? About "clowns" being so called undesirables like blacks, gays, and jews? And you don't see the connection between a society progressing towards being accepting of these people being a "clown world" to someone who sees them as undesirable? Ffs I went to frenworld once and it had their dumb baby pepe mascot putting clown shaped cookies in the oven and another with clowns behind bars or whatever. It's super obvious what they're talking about man. Like it or not that's what it means.
I'm not trying to produce an argument, my intent is entirely to mock you. Rest assured I'm putting no effort into having a civil logical debate with you. My comments appear to lack intelligence because they're intentionally shallow.
That's where it comes from man. I'm trying to tell you lol the whole being skeptical thing is kind of the point.
But you're not being those things. You're telling a joke. You could be those things anyway, but it's not a requirement.
The hard part is determining who fits that category. In today's political climate you're a nazi if you don't vote democrat and you're a communist if you don't think people should be made homeless for minor injuries.
Uhh yeah that's kind of the fucking point, we went to war with the crown. The difference is we did that for representation in legislation, the south went to war to sustain their slavery based economy. And I know someone will rise up with the "uHm ActuAlLy iT wAs StAtEs RiGhTs" BS, but we all know exactly what the cause was. Plantation industry had a lot to lose. Always comes down to the almighty dollar.
Well yeah. That's always the case right? Even today when we *drop freedom* into other countries we have that disconnect. Boots on the ground? Brave soldiers fighting for our freedom. Politicians? Bloody oil money. But even still we can't disregard the ultimate efforts. People don't like to admit it but there were nazis that didn't want to be nazis anymore, that realized what they got into and couldn't exactly just quit. But we still think of nazis as trash
1. You can fly whatever you want under 1A 2. I can judge you for doing so under 1A
I think countries we've made up with are a bit of a different story since we're all jolly with them now and it's their *current* flag, with exceptions for like the rising sun flag since it's no longer used
Keep that edge dulled, what you're saying directly contradicts the first amendment. Rights apply even when you don't like them, if you're not in line with that you're not being a patriot.
On the plus side you're given the freedom to judge and vocalize your discontentment. Everyone at the table can speak, even if some are belligerent.
I mean they did say probably. Rubber bullets to the face is a very good chance of blinding. I'd say the fault of fake news is on people who interpret "that looks like it could have blinded him" as "that blinded him"
Semantically it's not, but I see how it can be interpretation that way
That's fine. Not everyone is going to be of such an extreme perspective, but the crazies are louder than they are small in number
I mean nobody is saying you can't do it. They're just being judgmental if you do, which yknow, fair. Government agencies shouldn't fly enemies flags, but individuals are free to do and by judged by what they please. As far as current vs former enemies, well I think flying the confederate flag and the Mexicans flag is a bit different. For one the Confederacy no longer exists and Mexico does. Also we've long since made peace with Mexico and we're allies, and the Confederacy never got the honor lol So it is a bit different.
Funny thing is it's not lol. The difference between hating a nazi and hating a jew is one is innocent.
Well that's no good
And 100% likely it won't be me because I live in NC and weeeeee suck
Oh god I did the same thing 🤢 middle of the summer as a kid, mom picks me up after playing at a friends all day in the sun. Hot, sweaty, dying of thirst. Hey a can of coke! Just what I needed to quench my th-
I make considerably more than average in a MCOL area. 33k in student loans paid down to 26k in about a year. Got my own apartment and after all my bills I'm left with about 1.5k a month left over which mainly goes to loans. Hoping to have them paid off mid next year so that I can built a *large* financial safety net.
Man, to think something so serious can be so quiet. I do see blood occasionally but that's because I wipe my ass with the force of a thousand angry suns, it's not an internal issue. Only issue I've had was my haemoglobin being a bit elevated when giving blood once, but I think I was just dehydrated
Shhhh how can they demonize people that don't immediately agree with them if you keep using sound reasoning and logic like that?
I don't think that's how that works man
That's probably for the best, if they're living that kind of life they need to not have kids
It's more like if someone poses a threat to innocent people, children, etc. or creates sexual harm destroy them
I would love to but I have no room in my bathroom
I guess. A few random people in a million is a strange population to have any kind of strong feelings against though lol
If you live anywhere in the US and you're not Native American, including those from regions which were once Mexico, you're from a line of immigrants that started with people coming here when they weren't supposed to.
Whoever got here first then
I've been driving for almost 8 years now without so much as a speeding ticket so my rates are low. I pay I think 50 or 55 a month for insurance on my old jetta. I was curious so I quoted adding a 2009 c6 z06 to my policy so both my cars would have basic coverage and it went up to like 80 or 85 I think. That's just for bottom level liability through progressive though 🤷🏻‍♂️
Yeah I feel like if I'm going to get an older car with some power I need all the expenses to be low enough cost that I can fix it haha
How original. Run along now, can't have ourselves facing different views now can we? No no, must be everyone else that is wrong.
*drops rocks on porch, defeated*
Most likely aluminum, but from what I understand if the weight is properly distributed and you're only relieving partial pressure (rather than like lifting the entire car) it should be fine
So like a 2x4 or 2x6 or something is fine then right, just anywhere centric to the pan and flat?
Awesome, thanks!
2003 1.8T, and what happened? You scrapped it for what reason? Cause you broke the pan or broke the mounts lmao Cause from what I understand it's not an authentic mk4 if it doesn't have at least one mechanical issue *and* a CEL And buddy I'm damn near certified at this point
Damn dude that's intense. I bought my car heavily modified with 117k miles back in late 2017, PO had all the paperwork since he bought it from factory, dealer / garage modified. It has busted coilovers and I fixed them. Regular maintenance stuff, replaced an axle. Aside from the mounts, brake pads, and burning a little oil / CEL (no cats) it's in really solid shape. Hoping to get a few more years. Ran it through a really expensive code reader and to my surprise I just had the P0420 and a low airbag voltage reading
Awesome, you're the best!
Yep she's at like 137.5k now 😎
No I really want to, I'm running a stage 2 tune with stock coil packs. P/O has done a lot but with my limited barely out of college finances I mainly have done suspension stuff. Coilvoers, replacer a busted axle, installed a boost gauge, a radio, painted my brake calipers lmao I want to do the 2.0 coil packs, injectors, frankenturbo and stage 3 tune but soooo much money
Most of the time they really don't get in the way like that. The position is a little more front facing than the vagina. Yeah they hand down but like off the front of your body. Unless you squat and drag your balls underneath your cheeks before you sit, they naturally fall between your legs *after* you sit, not before Also pants and underwear are a thing
Someone got fired lmao
Good call, thanks!
I got 034 Motorsport mounts all around
Technically yeah I think so, reapers I think are a ghost-habanero hybrid originally.
Stop them? Shit that would give us a reason to tidy the place up. I wish they would.
The older generation is rude to the younger generation because they think their age earns them some authority or respect or knowledge by necessity The younger generation is rude to the older generation because we know they're full of it
"it be like that sometimes" *scrolls through self deprecating memes about wanting to die, chuckles, likes image*
DESPITE DOING REALLY WELL ON THE JOB AND IMPROVING AND LITERALLY BEING TOLD I'M A HOP AND A SKIP AWAY FROM A PROMOTION I FEEL IMPENDING ANXIETY AND DOOM BECAUSE I LACK SOFT SKILLS AND I'M SOCIALLY AWKWARD AND REALLY BAD AT JUST GOING OUT AND BEING USEFUL WITHOUT DIRECTION AHHHH HOW THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO IMPROVE AND DO WELL WITHOUT STRUCTURE? IF I WANTED TO BE MY OWN BOSS I'D START A BUSINESS. DON'T GET ME WRONG I'M GLAD I'M BEING APPRECIATED BUT MOST OF MY IMPRESSIVE STUNTS I'VE STUMBLED INTO. I DO WELL WHEN TOLD WHAT TO DO. I DO NOT DO WELL FIGURING THAT SHIT OUT MYSELF. I AM SCARED.
Smoke marijuana. It's very enjoyable. I don't do it now because of my career, which is unfortunate. I drink. Sometimes more than I really should. I would very much like replacing alcohol with marijuana.
Axe music body spray. Wore it heavily on a date to a concert tour thing with my way out of my league girlfriend I was head over heels for. First true love and all that. They don't make it anymore but last time I saw it I sprayed some and immediately was taken back. It was bittersweet as those memories are golden to me but the ones that followed, not so much.
I mean I sip on water at my desk and just go pee / refill it at the fountain when it runs out. It's a 1 liter Nalgene bottle and it I go through it in an hour, hour and a half. Sometimes less.
I bought new mounts (motor, trans, dogbone) for my car. It's a heavily modified car and I got it to learn to work on cars, yadda yadda it's a screaming deathtrap and half the shit is broken. Anyway I put it in reverse and it goes THUNK, it wobbles and shakes when I go to take off at a green light, and at high speed it shakes. Hopefully installing these bad boys tomorrow will fix all of that. And now for a purchase I'm not happy I made: Three Olives Triple Espresso Vodka See here's the problem with liquor that tastes like sweet coffee. It goes down a *tad* too easy. It may also have caffeine in it and that makes it go down a *tad* too frequently. Tldr I got coffee vodka shits today.
Yeah for sure. But I mean if you drink a fuck ton of liquids it's gotta go somewhere. Bladder infection / UTI is more like "gotta run again!" And then dribbling out 4 pathetic drops of yellow or red piss and crying If you drink a liter of water every 30-45 minutes and just piss it back out damn near as clear as it went in, you're just overfilling your tank with fluids.
You know there's days where I don't feel like walking into a bad mood. My girl has issues, so do I, and some days it's just a shit environment. But I still love her and talk well of her, you know? Like you gotta take the bad with the good and push forward. I feel like people are more eager to honor a trope than be happy.
I DO TALK TO MY MANAGER AND THEY WANT ME TO PURSUE THINGS I CARE ABOUT AND EXTEND MY EFFORTS INTO NEW AREAS BUT LOOK THE TRUTH IS I WENT INTO CS BECAUSE IT PAYS WELL AND WHILE I CAN APPRECIATE WELL WRITTEN CODE AND EFFICIENCY I DON'T HAVE A PASSION FOR ANY OF THIS SHIT I JUST WANT TO BE GOOD AT SOMETHING AND DO IT AND MAKE MONEY WITHOUT WORKING 90 HOURS A WEEK AND DESTROYING MY BODY IF I HAD A PASSION FOR IT MAYBE IT WOULD BE EASIER TO GO OUT AND WORK ON NEW THINGS AND CONTRIBUTE TO OTHER PROJECTS AND DEVELOP SKILLS IN MULTIPLE AREAS BUT I DON'T SO I JUST LEARN AS I GO AND DO WORK GIVEN TO ME. I KNOW THATS SOME JUNIOR SHIT BUT HONESTLY THE CONCEPT OF FINDING AND CREATING WORK IS FOREIGN AND FRIGHTENING TO ME AND I HATE BEING EXPECTED TO INNOVATE AND CREATE. SOMETIMES I JUST WANT TO PUSH THROUGH A MONDAY FOR CHRISTSAKE. GIVE ME MY PAYCHECK AND LET ME GO HOME. BUT YEAH. LOOKS LIKE I'LL BE PARTICIPATING IN MORE EVENTS, READING MORE BOOKS, TAKING ON MORE STORIES I'M UNFAMILIAR WITH AND NETWORKING WITH MORE PEOPLE I DON'T KNOW. FUCKIN JOLLY. BECOME A PROGRAMMER BECAUSE SITTING BEHIND A SCREEN IN DARK SILENCE TO MY OWN THOUGHTS BRINGS ME SOLACE AND IT TURNS INTO BRANIAC BOOK CLUB SOCIAL HOUR. I GOT A LOT OF PROBLEMS TO WORK OUT MAN. THEY DONT THINK IT BE LIKE IT IS BUT IT DO.
I've gotten better about it. I only check my messages at stop lights, which worst case scenario I add a second or two before I go. I installed a new radio in my car with Bluetooth so I don't have to dick around on pandora, I can just hit next or replay without taking my eyes off the road. Unfortunately I couldn't install the microphone so no taking calls through it, but I will typically just answer and put it on speakerphone. I'm not gonna pretend I lock my phone in the trunk turned off when I drive like some people do. But I don't text while I'm moving, and if I absolutely must O have swype keyboard so in like 3 seconds without looking away from the road I can reply "driving talk to you soon" and toss my phone down 🤷🏻‍♂️ Also driving a stick shift car makes it a lot easier to not dick around on your phone, especially in city traffic where you're constantly shifting
"Could it be that others have different legitimate perspectives from me? No, everyone that's different from me is *dumb* and *stupid*" - you
I started learning java / c++ but went to the web development path. Which starts with html/css/js... I mean I already knew JS so I learned node for backend.. Long story short I'm an angular dev now and if you hate JavaScript just use typescript 🤷🏻‍♂️
I mean, Im an angular dev, that's typescript... Close enough? I use JS to test stuff I wanna do with mapping and filtering, string manipulation etc. Then actually do it in typescript.
I ACTUALLY BOUGHT PANDORA PREMIUM SO I CAN LISTEN TO MUSIC WITHOUT USING DATA BECAME I LISTEN TO IT SO MUCH AT WORK. ON AVERAGE I WOULD SAY 3-4 HOURS A DAY I HAVE EARBUDS IN.
THANKS, I'LL GIVE THAT A SHOT
Bad apples are the bunch
We need to make puerto rico and guam states and get rid of arizona and alibama
Shhhh, have you no shame?
You should 100% be able to do both. You should 0% expect anyone to stick up for you. Wherever this idea of rights meaning you have protection from *social* backlash came from idk. You shouldn't go to jail for burning or flying either flag. However if someone calls you an asshole or someone decks you in the face, don't be in shock and awe when hordes of civilians don't stand up for you because you're technically protected from imprisonment. Doesn't make name-calling or assault right. But we're talking about your actions, not theirs. Act like an asshole, get treated like an asshole. Simple as that.
Guess.
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7726 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/61466)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5322 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/88856)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5707 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/43121)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4862 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/37076)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0446 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/49119)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0737 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/40118)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6491 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/40296)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3181 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/32782)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.3762 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/50230)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9675 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/14429)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1769 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/35269)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7133 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/23009)
deleted ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7167 [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/40996)
I haven't seen anyone banned from /r/politics for disagreeing, just downvoted. There's a strong difference between democratically applied censorship and authority control censorship.
A lil thick, but not too much. Skinny is also fine, just not as preferencial. Boobs and butt on the range of almost none to *goddamn*, really hard to turn me off in that category. Hair of any length that's not gross (matted, oily, stinky). Good hygiene (body odor, teeth, etc.). And that's pretty much it. Basically wash yourself and don't be morbidly obese and you're well within my standards.
&gt;Must not have been on reddit long. Check my profile lol
Fair point, but I haven't found a sub that isn't. Even this sub and enlightenedcentrism are called "politics2", conservative is basically just TD in disguise, libertarian ironically does seem independent but given the post someone's always complaining about the sub turning too right / too left It seems like no matter what you follow on Reddit someone will accuse you of getting all your info from an echo chamber 🤷🏻‍♂️
What did they steal to constitute saying "I'll put a cap in your fucking skull" to a pregnant lady holding a kid? Did they steal nuclear launch codes? Jesus fucking Christ man get ahold of yourself
Do you question everything that aligns with your views too or just the stuff against it? By the way there's a difference between being cautious and being a skeptic of a victim. I looked at your profile, I see TD and conservative, let's not pretend we don't both know why you're skeptical. But you don't actually have any logical reason to be other than that it'd be beneficial to your views if this was fake.
This is hilarious. Not only do they have to go back to fucking Lincoln era to find a well known dangerous democrat, but he was more closely aligned with the republicans of today 😂 Seriously, they think the democrats back then and now are the same because they share the same name. Yeah modern day democrats are all about slavery and suppressing womens / gays rights and plantation industry. They also love that confederate flag and come typical of from the sou- waaaaait a second, I think those are republicans! Almost as if the parties flip-flopped or something of the sort! God I would hate to legitimately be this slow
Ok. So let's pretend they were harassed (because that's *so* uncommon) - they would still be doing this. So what have you actually gathered about this that breeds skepticism? If it were a few people in MAGA hats saying liberals yelled slurs at them, would you believe it? Let's talk skepticism though. We've established where you sit on the political spectrum, and judging by by how you're not banned from TD or conservative, you probably sit pretty comfortably there. You comment questioning the legitimacy of this story because, according to you, you question everything. But we all know if there's a side that doesn't like gay people more than any other, it's the right. So now I'll take your advice and call into question the legitimacy of your skepticism. I don't think you just find the story fishy, I think the idea of gay people being actual victims of harassment by people that likely align with you makes you uncomfortable, so you pass it off as invalid or inaccurate.
The same reason I think conservatives on average don't like minorities, immigrants, atheists, women, etc. The right has never exactly been the party of equal treatment and inclusion. As far as Milo and the like, in a country of several hundred million people having a few token gay and black characters representing your views doesn't excuse the party on average. Another example would be the judge in Louisiana that voted in favor of the *very* strict abortion laws. She's a woman, but that doesn't mean she's representing all women. Milo is gay but doesn't represent all gay people. We have to look at trends and averages, and the right doesn't have the prettiest history with anyone who isn't a straight white christian male republican.
&gt;Conservatives tend to be smart. Ironically there is a positive correlation between liberal views and level of education. Statistically speaking conservatives had a lower average level of education. Also, we've been subjected to so much fake news in the past few years that one tends develop a nose for it. GOP leaders literally shared doctored videos of democratic leaders publicly from an official account. Again researchers have concluded that fake news really comes more from the right than anything. &gt; Like the story in question for instance. What's the alleged attacker's side of the story? Probably pretty similar to the ones that stand outside abortion clinics and yell the same thing. someone believes their religion is the ultimate truth and gives them authority to be an asshole to another person. This isn't anything new or unheard of.
Yeah but a lot of the stuff he does is not to anyone's benefit, it's just kind of rude and petty
What yellow journalism exactly? Do you have any evidence this isn't true? And if by "you think you're smart" you mean I make logical connections with reasonable arguments, yeah, definitely do. Would advise you to do the same.
Whatever helps you sleep at night man. When that doesn't happen you'll just make up another reason why they're secretly at fault. Just say you don't like gay dudes man.
Probably, but it's the industry I'm in. I'm early in my career, and it's a good company. Dull topic tho
If you work 9-5 + commute and sleep for 8 hours you're looking at 17 of 24 hours used in the day. If you average 2 hours of errands / chores you get 5 hours of remaining time. But that seems like really stretching it.
Lol fair point
Definitely splurge on coverups too. If you cover up a shit tattoo with a shit coverup you just deserve it.
Dishes and laundry takes 30 minutes one day, grocery shopping takes a couple hours another day, etc. Averages man. Shit gets dirty and supplies run out.
I mean I don't get it either but I'm being ideal here. You could also eat exclusively microwave burritos to save time and get a job working from home to save commute time but come on
I had a dashcam and attached it to my windshield and that thing got HOT in the summer. It eventually stopped working because being 120 degrees isn't good for cameras, shocker.
2012 seems so long ago. There's been *so* much bullshit crammed into 7 years.
I don't think I would feel finding out my SO spent half our money in secret to calm my nerves to be very... Calming
!RemindMe 24 hours
Or just talk through your problems like adults and if need be take a paternity test together
We don't teach them financial literacy and instead tell them they can be whatever they want. Like ok Jimmy. Maybe you could be an astronaut or president. Probably not. Shouldn't bank on it and throw most of your life away if that very unlikely thing doesn't happen.
That sounds questionable legal lol also if she's sure just take him and avoid the mess 🤷🏻‍♂️
If you're searching for authentic it a faith-based system might not be what you're looking for lol "Hey how do I know these shoes are legit?" "Just gotta have faith bro"
Can't wait to see republicans bring up how she ~~chested~~ *cheated on a 7th grade math test so clearly she's not to he trusted
A *buddy-holly-c*
coworkers showing up for work drunk does not bother anyone ? If you show up high that's an issue. If you test positive, that doesn't mean you're high. You shouldn't punish innocent people.
Of course not, but nobody is smoking at the fucking interview ya dummy. It can stay in your system for weeks. Are the 3-4 weeks leading up to the interview and then the entire time, 24/7 that you're employed also not your free time? Because a failed test us grounds to fire currently
If you smoke 3 days ago you're going to have a significant level in your urine still. If you smoke a bowl Friday night and take a drug test Monday morning you'll probably fail. If you do this once a week you'll definitely fail.
Be perceptive of your employees. If they look and sound and act high and make mistakes, that's a problem. If they don't, then does it really matter?
It's deeper than that. When they get insurance deals for testing everyone tests. When everyone tests you're effectively removing the ability to work for anyone that smokes. Working is kind of a requirement to keep yourself afloat in the US. Nobody is going to willfully give up their job to smoke. Legalizing and giving the right to smoke is kind of moot if it costs you your livelihood unnecessarily.
They won't decline your offer just if the marijuana comes back positive. They can still rescind an offer if you come back positive for cocaine.
And how often exactly do you think that happens? Even if it does and the person has THC in their piss, it doesn't mean they're high. They could just make a mistake and they're wrongfully crucified because they fail a drug test Either way though it's very likely there will be special cases for occupations that involve health risk or property damage risk.
Turning reasonable more like it. To much of the world our left is pretty right-leaning still.
Companies already don't have to, they choose to because they get insurance cuts for testing. The line between legally required and legally optional bit fiscally responsible is very, very thin. If you don't outright block it, it will be financially encouraged and for all intents and purposes in most cases applied anyway.
Your numbers are off for blood tests, check my other response below
Businesses should have a right to deny employment to anyone who is under the influence / impaired on the job. The issue is testing for marijuana can't prove that, so they just wing it and anyone who smoked in the past 2 weeks is collateral. That's unjust.
That's simply not true. You're saying that all over this thread but blood tests can show weed up to a week or more for even semi-regular users lol
You're a moron lol. Smoking a bowl on Friday night once a week is not an addict. By that logic anyone that drinks beer at all is an alcoholic, anyone who eats a big mac is a fast food addict, anyone who grabs a coffee on the way to work is addicted to stimulants. Like, that's fucking ridiculous and you know it
I mean it's clear that your holier-than-thou attitude comes from your upbringing, you seem to think your lack of use makes you better than other people but it simply doesn't. Some of the greatest minds in history used drugs. If anything your narrow view of drug use makes you *more* ignorant than the "light headed stoned idiot" in your office.
No, it won't. I don't know where you're pulling that from. If you smoke 2 times per week then you will fail a blood test after 5 days still. And a urine test potentially 1.5-2 weeks later. This is because of the very low testing threshold for THC metabolites.
All tests are for metabolites, nothing tests for raw THC in your system. It's broken down and stored in fat, flows through your blood, and deposited in hair. As you burn fat over time naturally it's released into urine, which is why it shows for so long. But it's also released into blood. So there's a correlation between use frequency and showing in blood, just like there is with urine. But even still if you smoke once every 3 days at home you will fail a blood test no matter when you're tested. Edit - more specifically THC-COOH I believe is the metabolite produced from breaking down THC, and is the main metabolite tested for in urine
Looking forward to ICE deciding where they should all go lol. Just drop all the light brown ones in Mexico and the rest in Guatemala, close enough.
&gt;Oh I completely agree, but the sentiment still stands, even if they didn't want to be associated with anyone that had smoked in the past 2 weeks, the business should have that decision. It's not one i agree with personally, and if i ran the business i wouldn't test at all, but it should be their choice... If businesses were people I'd agree, but they're not. It's a little bit different when you're talking about employment rights, because it can inadvertently affect other people. If you allow businesses that "choice" they'll prioritize what maximizes profit. It's not *really* an option when a financial machine will always choose what's profitable. Now if we make it illegal to offer insurance rate cuts for testing marijuana, then we're getting somewhere... &gt;I'm advocate of choice, people dont chose to be gay/straight/white/black or anything like that so discriminating on those grounds should 100% illegal. But people choosing to smoke Marijuana do so out of choice (excluding some medical conditions of course).. Then they can choose to not hire you if you play golf, or if your favorite color is blue, or if you're a democrat. Because those are choices. But it's fundamentally unjust to discriminate against someone for their personal and legal choices that don't impact you.
&gt;I really don't understand how you can be so thick. Every crime committed by an illegal is one that could have been prevented with tougher preventative measures at the border. I guess technically yeah? But again that's kind of a moot point. Any measure to reduce population will have the same effect. If you block legal migrants from entering the country you also stop any of them that would have committed a crime. Being an illegal immigrant doesn't relate to the crime committed. Yeah you can reduce the crimes committed by X population by making them not be here, no shit. &gt; Every crime committed by an illegal is one that could have been prevented with tougher preventative measures at the border. Look, I'm not an idiot. I know people can't commit crimes here if they're not here. But shouting "WALL!!1" every time a brown person does a bad thing calls into question the legitimacy of your concerns. Let's spend an exorbitant amount of money on a wall that would barely work to reduce crime by reducing population rather than actually improving society. Crime would still occur at the same rate proportional to population, we'd just have less money to thwart it. Yeah, sounds like a stellar idea. Society is still equally as shitty as before but now there's less brown people doing bad things so it's better lol. If you want to improve crime rates it should be reducing the proportion of crime committed in relation to population, not just reducing population.
ESH but you're a justified asshole. Like if someone cuts you off in traffic and gets pulled over by a cop, and you honk your horn at them as you pass them on the sidelines. You're that kind of asshole, and there's much worse kinds to be. Like a hypocrite that harshly judges peoples difficult decisions despite making those decisions themselves.
&gt;Their immigration status is one small piece of a much larger number of factors that helped influence their behavior. Oh is it now? How exactly does immigration status influence criminal behavior? Surely since the vast majority of illegal immigrants don't go on to become criminals, it must not be a very strong influence... &gt; But that doesn't mean that those with a similar immigration status would follow the same behavioral path. Because it's irrelevant. People migrate for a very large number of reasons. Most are related to health, safety, or finances. Nothing that you or I would do in the same circumstances. &gt;Good neighbors protect and secure shared borders *together.* We need to get back to this state. Good neighbors? Is that what you think you're being? I want to know when it became OK to be a shitty person so long as you waved a flag while doing it. Illegal immigrants are people too with the same problems we face. We're not special because we were born privileged, and they deserve the same respect and consider we give to one another.
Well this is new to me. What informed faith do you have for God or any of the stories of the bible?
Opposite of Oh lawd yeah
Maybe it's DeWars white label I'm thinking of then?
I mean, vastly overloading an underprepared system is how you start a crisis. Border patrol and ICE aren't capable of dealing with the numbers. They've already got so many people in those camps that it's beyond safety regulation. Try to do a massive unprecedented move like this without the means? How are they handling transportation, safety, oversight, managing where people go and making sure families stay together? One million people is a huge amount to move like that. My speculation isn't unrealistic. ICE is notoriously callous towards immigrants. Like the DEA busting down some hippies house for a single scraggly pot plant, they take pride in what they do. All of those organizations are corrupt regardless, but even a sensible one would struggle with something like this. I guarantee you're going to see news stories about it. And just like those fucking camps republicans will move to excuse and pardon it, they'll say it's fake news, and when video is released they'll make excuses for why they deserve it for crossing an imaginary line. Because that's how this shit goes now.
Oh it's fuckin squishy. And half of the car is held together with plastic. Source - drive a mk4 jetta like this one. Definitely not on stock suspension anymore.
My jetta I put ST X street coilovers on with powerstop polyurethane strut bushings and then as you know the 034 motor and upper/lower transmission mounts. I'm loving the new mounts man, they ride so smooth. No more shaking like a mf when I start the car or take off in first. Doesn't put power down quite as well but it does accelerate with less jerk.
&gt; Doesn't make name-calling or assault right By this I mean I know it's wrong - you shouldn't use violence to convey a point Buuuuuut I'm not perfect and neither is everyone else, and while I can acknowledge that the behavior is wrong I don't necessarily need to take a stance on it I think the whole concept of "this is wrong and its ok you did it" is foreign to a lot of people. When we talk online we always considered the best possible moral outcomes and assume nobody ever makes decisions in bad faith or makes mistakes But like that video of a nazi getting punched in the face. Should the person have done that? No they shouldn't have, it was mean and violent. Would I have done the same? Probably. Does that make me a worse person? Maybe a bit. And that's ok. Nobody is perfect and I can accept being flawed in that I punch nazis over flawed in being one.
Might as well call it the Ford Myselfesteem haha or the Ford Myhopeforthefuture, or my favorite Ford Mywilltogoon EcoBoost™️
Arm up the ass 💪
Ended up using a foot long 2 by 6 and it worked out fine replacing one Mount at a time, for the transmission mount I actually just used the Jack without a wood block on the transmission instead of the motor because it was easier to get to a flatter area. Ended up working great despite nearly dropping the engine once lmao
You don't need mcdonalds though. You also don't need a car to live. You don't need clothes. Almost like life is about more than just what's required to not die. Do you really mean to tell me you sit in a room completely still in silence eating nutrient shakes and drinking water all your life? If not you're probably doing something you don't need to to live. That makes you an addict by your moronic logic
A therapist I fuckin hope
"I like watching people die because I'm edgy and not sheltered, I'm tough because I like watching life drain from someone's eyes and thinking of families losing loved ones. Aren't I so cool?"
Don't worry they're definitely meant for you
Yepp cause know Jim, drank one beer and ruined his health for the rest of his life Do you live under a fucking rock or something? Did a nun hit you with a ruler one too many times for asking questions? How about hop off that high horse of yours and walk among the peasants down here you egotistical manifestation of the color grey
I'm not deflecting anything. Chronic anxiety and depressing is no secret for me and I'm not ashamed of it, but people romanticizing violent death is not healthy. These comments all butthurt they can't watch people be ripped apart and killed anymore is deranged. Is the world not shitty enough already that you have to plaster sad shit all over a major internet site? Can't you guys just go huddle in the dark corners of the internet like cockroaches and watch your gore and dark films like you used to? It's getting to be annoying scrolling through and clicking NSFW expecting boobs or vulgarity and it's gorey shit
You need to watch someone get smushed under a train to know not to lay on tracks? Or not to climb skyscrapers because you might fall? Oh I know, maybe it's an occupational thing and you have to know not to drop a lit cigarettes into a sewer before going down there to work. Yeah, watchpeopledie, now with 50k ~~subscribers~~ sewer technicians lmao Come on dude. Nobody was on that sub for educational purposes. It was fetishized morbidity.
&gt;Well that last part was just ingenuous, "I clicked a link that said nsfw without reading the title or sub and expected boobs". Yeah pretty much. Definitely didn't expect to see someone slowly go limp. Kinda put a fucking damper on my day there *Jerry* &gt; Not all of it is gorey shit and not a lot of us went there to be happy. It's really humbling to see first-hand how fragile your life is and how it can end in unexpected ways if you're not careful. Yeah, *humbling*. Because with the constant death and destruction in the world we need to be reminded lmao. Look I get what you're saying, but that is *fucked up man*. Like yeah I wouldn't want that shit on my website either.
