You realize you banned the person who was saying, "Google it" was an inappropriate answer, right?
So the guy being a dick and telling people to fucking Google it is fine, but the guy that said some users have different knowledge levels and there's no need to be an asshole about it gets a ban? Solid work.
I've done it. It's the most annoying shit ever.
Even ignoring advanced stats (where Rolen has a huge advantage), Rolen was an 8x GG to Polanco's 3.
Fun fact: Rafael Palmeiro was a fantastic defensive first baseman. He did win an undeserved Gold Glove, but he was still a top-tier defender until he had surgery on both knees. And obviously Gold Gloves isn't a great argument, but if we're talking about HoF voting, you think those guys are looking at DRS or TZ? I'm saying even by a traditionalist view Rolen was probably a better defender, If you are looking at advanced stats, BR has Rolen at +175 and Polanco is at +136. rTOT (which is Total Zone) has it 140 to 128 in Rolen's favor. DRS (which didn't exist for the first 7 years of Rolens career of 5 of Polanco's) has it at 114 to 96 in Rolen's favor.
Obviously. And when we're talking about Hall of Fame voting, those guys are way more likely to think of a defensive reputation than an actual useful defensive metric. My point is that even by their perspective, Rolen should probably be considered a better defender.
12.2.5.b: &gt;Article 5. Blocking Below the Waist on Kicks and Changes of Possession &gt;Blocks below the waist are prohibited in the following situations: &gt;&gt; a)By players of either team after a change of possession; or &gt;&gt; b) By players of the kicking team **after** a Free Kick, Safety Kick, Fair-Catch Kick, Punt, Field-Goal Attempt, or Try Kick; or &gt;&gt; c) By players of the receiving team during a down in which there is a Free Kick, Safety Kick, Fair-Catch Kick, Punt, Field- Goal Attempt, or Try Kick. The part that you're referencing is saying "subject to the blocking restrictions applicable to the offense, and the receiving team is subject to the blocking restrictions applicable to the defense," they're not referring to any other part of THIS rule; they're referring to the general blocking rules on regular offensive plays. Part (c) of that rule explains that the rules switch once the ball is kicked. Kicking team takes the blocking restrictions applicable to the defense and the receiving team takes the blocking restrictions applicable to the offense.
OPS+ does weighting of each component to correct for the fact that 1 pt of slugging is less valuable than 1 point of OBP.
Your last sentence is still implying you don't understand what he's saying. It wasn't blown dead immediately on contact. That was just the point where his forward progress stopped. No one is advocating that the play is dead as soon as a defender touches the ball carrier and that's not at all what the rule makes happen. It just means that once contact is made, that is the forward progress point unless the ball carrier gets away. If he gets pushed out of bounds he still gets that forward progress, but the the clock doesn't stop. If he doesn't get pushed out of bounds and is brought down, he still gets the forward progress and obviously the ball doesn't stop. But if he'd stayed in bounds and gotten away from the defender, the play wouldn't be dead. The forward progress would be nullified and he would be free to try to advance or get of bounds himself.
&gt; he was going laterally, not backwards You don't have to be going backwards. Your forward progress has to be stopped. If he's going laterally under contact, then his forward progress has definitely stopped.
You never actually have to be going forward to get forward progress called. Think of comeback routes where the receiver is hit after contact and ends up being driven like 5-10 yards back. They'll still give "forward" progress to the receiver where he first established control, even though he was never moving forward.
You can hit defenseless receivers. Just can't hit them in certain ways.
Joe Flacco is all-time leader in Flaccos w/ 7. He is followed by Favre (5) and Stafford (4), I'm also going to create a deluxe Flacco: 50+ attempts and &lt;= 200 yards. Flacco is the only player to achieve this feat twice.
Clock should not have stopped.
If your forward progress has been stopped before you go out of bounds, the rule is to give forward progress and keep the clock running.
If your forward progress is stopped in-bounds, you're supposed to be called down there, not where you're eventually forced out of bounds. And that would keep the clock running.
Only if you don't have any timeouts available.
He's done it once and of course he only had 238 yards.
Brees has still been extremely productive and is much better than Mahomes at avoiding turnovers and sacks. It's still an extremely close race with 4 weeks left.
&gt; How the hell am I supposed to learn all this shit. Start by ignoring anyone on this sub that says what a rule is unless they can actually point it out in the rulebook.
&gt; Where there’s smoke there’s fire. Incredibly doubtful that Hughes would just make that up Reminder: this benefit of the doubt only goes for NFL players, not the women who accuse them of assault. I don't see what Hughes would stand to gain by fabricating it, but that doesn't automatically make it true. People do lots of things that I don't understand.
/r/KidsAreFuckingStupid
I'm sure the NFL takes "back in my day" arguments into account in their handling of misconduct.
&gt; I wouldn’t think it’s bigger misconduct that a ref called a player a bitch. Proof of a player threatening an official with violence will absolutely be treated more harshly than an official allegedly calling a player a bitch.
I can guarantee you 2014 Andrew Luck won't win an MVP this year.
Better than praising them when they're alive. Not like liberals ever did that with McCain, right?
Not necessarily. Could be differences in how a heavily developing mind reacts to poor parenting and how a mature one reacts to bad leadership. I'd actually be a bit shocked if that weren't the case.
You've got the structure backwards. The "you might be a ~~redneck~~ leftist," goes at the end.
As I pressed reply I asked myself, "is this really a subject that demands 100% accuracy?" But I held the line.
Greg Hardy and Dez. Possibly Zeke. But the Greg Hardy deal is the most unforgivable. We deserved the shit season we had that year solely for that.
&gt; also Pacman Jones recently Literally a decade ago. And while Pacman is a piece of shit, domestic violence wasn't his problem. Hardy is indefensible. But the Eagles got Dorial Green-Beckham, who definitely abused his girlfriend in college.
Yeah, people have kind of twisted the definition of domestic violence to basically mean any kind of violence against women. What Hunt did doesn't fall under domestic violence, but that doesn't mean it's any better.
While just as laughable, he actually said everyone has zero tolerance for domestic violence and was discussing how the entire league is paying attention to the situation.
You realize administrative leave means "don't work while we investigate" and isn't punitive action, right? What I said was that they're not going to punish the ref because of an allegation. If the investigation determines he did it, he will absolutely be punished.
How are those domestic violence? It doesn't mean violence against women. He wasn't married to or in a relationship with those women. He was just a violent piece of shit, not a domestic abuser. And it's really stretching the term recent if you consider a decade ago to be recent. Witten was still running a 4.9 back then, Romo had the ability to use his back and Felix Jones had a working hamstring.
Giving him a pass? What about that sentence is giving him a pass? I called him a violent piece of shit. It's not a strict definition of the term. It's universally understood what domestic means. Why do you think it's in the term? Unless you mean giving Jerry Jones a pass. In which case, no. He's a massive hypocrite (although of you read the article, he doesn't say the Cowboys have zero tolerance for domestic violence; he said everyone does, which is just as laughable).
He's 80th out of 140 in opposite field percentage. There are lots of hitters that go the opposite way less than he does. But he has a career 100 wRC+ hitting to the opposite field vs. 271 when he pulls it. He goes with what works for him.
Lotta people angry over a joke here. i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about joey. u wouldnt say this shit to him at globe life, hes jacked. not only that but he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
Yeah, but nobody cares about high entropy results.
It happens a lot in sports subs when discussing more than 2 seasons. Or in the NBA where seasons cross calendar years.
With how many people play it and the fact that it takes ~200 powerful drops to get to 650 from 600 (that's a guesstimate, think it's on the lower end), I'd be shocked if there weren't runs like that occurring. If people weren't complaining about it I'd assume the RNG was weighted to fall in lower slots. There's a 1/~~4096~~512 chance of getting 4 straight in one slot. What's the playerbase in D2? And how many different runs of 4 are there for each character? And how many are playing 3 characters, possibly tripling the number of powerful drops needed? It's a lot of large numbers; strange things will happen and the people who don't have that bad luck aren't going to post about it, so there's another bias. EDIT: I think the odds of getting the same slot 4 times in a row is actually 1 in 512 not 4096. This is because the first one can be assumed, but the second, third, and fourth all have a 1/8 chance of being the same as #1. The 1/4096 would only be applicable to the odds of getting 4 kinetics (or any other specific slot) in a row.
I'm not. It was two years ago. And my upvotes have very little monetary value. Might as well give them away. EDIT: But the silver and gold and stuff have monetary value. I will not be contributing to that.
You mean the charges he was cleared of?
&gt; he definitely should have won the Cy Young in 1981 Definitely is a strong word considering Carlton and Valenzuela dwarfed him in innings pitched.
&gt; **GOAT** defensive catcher **of his era** I just find it funny when people combine greatest of all-time with a more specific timeframe.
Your opinion there is why he's so overrated (except NO ONE that's credible thinks he's the greatest player of all-time). The greatest pure hitter (which is basically a term that means someone who gets a lot of singles) ever hit .303/.375/.409? Among players with at least 3000 PAs, there are 86 players that beat him in all three: average, on-base percentage and slugging percentage. Rose's best season (.348/.428/.512) is worse than Rogers Hornsby's career line. His best single-season OPS+ was 158, which is a fantastic season, but there are 15 players that have a higher career mark than that. If you ignore his post-40 seasons, he had a 124 OPS+, which is still great, but would barely be top-300 all-time.
&gt; 1.9 WAR in 107 games is pretty fucking good, It's about an average player. His OPS+ was basically exactly average for NL first basemen.
I thought we were talking about absolute terms, but fine. If we want to move the goalpost to "amazing for his age," then I'd say his age 45 season was pretty fucking good, too.
What specifically about the racial and ethnic demographics of the US create different challenges? What are the different challenges? The demographics are different, that's obvious. But how does that affect the challenges?
You're still not directly addressing why that is a unique challenge. What you have said is true, but you haven't related it to how it would interact with Norway's specific ystem. It can just as easily be pointed at for why the US flavor of capitalism is a unique challenge for these underserved regions. It's extremely easy to argue that the issue is there because we haven't tried a system similar to Norway's. The problems in underserved communities are largely a result of the system we already have, not a problem with implementing a different system. And that's still not directly tying the challenges to race/ethnicity. It's far more directly related to inequality and socioeconomic status. It's not really accurate to use demographics to only refer to race in that context.
You literally said it was good for a 40 year-old. Why bring up his age at all? And I said they were average for a first baseman that year. Where did I say it wasn't good?
I think it speaks more to the literacy of the sub.
Haynesworth was a terrible QB.
Yeah, he could throw mid-90s in high school.
&gt; because outside of the mario series, no other series features so prominently I think Pokemon does. Pikachu, Pichu, Jigglypuff, Mewtwo, Lucario, Incineroar, Pokemon Trainer (Squirtle, Ivysaur, Charizard), Greninja
Jesus, Jahvid Best just looked like he was another level of speed compared to everyone else on his run. But he was a track star, so that makes sense. Also, Malcolm Butler looked freakily fast on Melvin Gordon's run, but he only ran a 4.62.
If it's entirely random, there's a 15% chance you'll go 15 powerful drops in a row without getting a particular slot. That's not really uncommon enough to base anything on.
Sure, but saying it's coded to give you useless drops is probably not true.
While they did play together during White's second senior year, his Heisman was before Peterson.
[Deflected PAT is still good.](https://streamable.com/n2yyb)
https://streamable.com/n2yyb
Statistical improbabilities happen a lot in huge sample sizes like hundreds of thousands of players across hundreds of drops.
Definitely held Cox.
It's probably Wentz this year, but no one is very good.
That's why.
Field goal percentage is near an all-time high.
Maher has a better FG% than Vinatieri this year.
&gt; Maher misses a chip shot wide right "Chip shot"
It was also 14°F, which basically offsets the altitude.
Same number of playoff wins.
It should've been much lower as well. Dak had an easy job. Gallup's catch would've been tough.
You can hit defenseless players.
You should reread the comment.
No, Martin.
I'd actually like that penalty to be called more in general. RBs get away with that way too much.
Last rites.
Jaylon Smith's brother.
Wake up, sheeple.
That was a gorgeous throw.
[First try making highlights.](https://streamable.com/96ijs)
That was probably OPI.
What the fuck are you, Dak? Although that was more terrible coverage than a great throw.
Weak OPI.
Only if they actually get the TD.
Nope, just held accountable when it doesn't pan out. Same thing would've happened to DLaw if we'd lost to the Saints or Dak if we'd lost this game.
While I love CFB OT from an entertainment perspective, it's more unfair than NFL rules. The team that gets the second possession has an enormous advantage.
He didn't say that at all.
No, he didn't. Even at the end of the clip Aikman is explaining why it was strange that they called it on Goeddert.
Depends on where you are, but you're mostly right. I'll be deploying for the second time in a year next month and that's not abnormal where I am stationed. Over half of our intel officers and about 1/3 of our 1N0s will be gone at the same time. Go RQSs.
http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000997036/article/roundup-buffalo-bills-de-jerry-hughes-fined-53k Oh look, Hughes was fined and a ref is on paid leave and is [expected to be cleared after the investigation](http://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/25459274/nfl-referees-association-expects-umpire-roy-ellison-cleared-nfl-review). Take the L, kid.
&gt; The ref was essentially suspended for a game already. A paid suspension while he's investigated (although he probably did it). It's clear you have no clue how this works. I feel sorry for you. And then more threats of violence and a hastily-edited mocking of domestic violence. You're a pathetic person.
Solid argument. Very convincing. If Bagwell isn't deserving, what first basemen are? Gehrig, Foxx, and Pujols? There are very few that have been better than Bagwell. Same with I-Rod.
Hitting is part of OBP. The largest part, actually.
This is a discussion forum (probably). At least make an argument.
Peyton Manning first 3 years were '98, '99, '00, so yeah, he played in the 90s.
They're not reviewed for penalties.
Aww, you're illiterate. That explains it.
Do other countries have the tradition of going to strip clubs for their bachelor parties? I legitimately don't know.
It used to be a thing. Rare in international competitions, but it existed.
Ugueth Urbina - attempted murder Milton Bradley - wife beater Chad Curtis - sexually assaulted underage girls Josh Lueke - rapist We've had tons of bad players, but I'm not ashamed of those guys. We've had guys use PEDs (A-Rod, Palmeiro, Canseco, Nelson Cruz, probably Pudge and Juan-Gone), but that still pales in comparison to some of the people we've employed.
What the article actually says, despite the headline, is that it should be a catch, so they're changing the rules to make it a catch. They're not disputing that it was ruled correctly in the game.
I'm not saying the rule was good. But the call was right by the rulebook at that time. I'm not going to cling to a delusional persecution complex because a call made me upset.
6th highest single-season FG% all-time.
First base and I was working as a gate guard while waiting to enter training: a little after lunch a 1st Lt drives up with his wife/girlfriend and is visibly upset. While checking his ID I ask if anything is wrong. So he unleashes his problems. He says he's been talking to the IRS and they keep wanting money from him. They won't stop. He's going broke, doesn't know where he went wrong to be in so much debt, his SO can't afford to keep going to school, etc. Being aware of the scam, I told him it was a scam and that the IRS doesn't handle things that way. He stared blankly at me while his SO just got bug-eyed. He eventually said he'd sent over $10,000 to these people over the last few months. I said that sucks, gave him his ID, and told him a line was forming because of the post-lunch rush back to base. Still have no clue what happened to that guy. So if you were at Columbus AFB from late 2015-early 2016, were scammed this way and confided in an augmented gate guard, please update me. I had many questions to ask, but the line of people returning from lunch was just too long.
I understand the guy is an idiot, but that's not true. The only thing you have to supplement is B12, and that's only for vegans. And animals don't naturally have it either. We supplement their diets with it.
Anything they don't like = the left can't meme. *smuggie makes fun of leftists* Lmao stupid libtards *smuggie makes fun of conservatives* WOW THIS MEME IS A MISREPRESENTATION AND IS WRONG REEEE
There is a subreddit for shaming bad parenting called /r/casualchildabuse, and somehow they aren't opposed to corporal punishment. I'd say the majority are, but not overwhelmingly so. Close enough that the prevailing opinion in any given thread could go either way.
No.
Correct. None of them did.
Scandrick has (outside of this and the Rams game, maybe he doesn't like LA) been really solid for KC this year. Not the liability he was with us last year.
Personally I think KC has just given him more help than we did. They know that leaving him alone gets him burned.
Rangers with Jurickson Profar. We thought he'd be able to step in for Kinsler immediately when we traded for Prince Fielder. Then his shoulder exploded. He was good last year, but he's had a disappointing career for a #1 prospect.
"the league rigs games for the Cowboys." "lol, Cowboys haven't won anything since the 90s."
But that's also not true.
They don't carry .50 cals. Just missiles and bombs.
Sometimes Sam's Club has a bulk sale. I can't afford not to buy it then.
When was he hurt in college?
Josh Gordon never committed domestic violence that I'm aware of. Also DGB made the mistake of never being productive in the NFL. That would've gotten him some leeway with fans.
How did the children earn it other than being born to a rich person? The argument would be that most wealthy people have a large portion of their wealth due to the labor put in by others that are significantly less well-compensated. Why is there a system that rewards birthright more than hard work?
Why just two prongs? We also have large bases in Qatar and UAE just across the gulf.
Rice and beans are way cheaper than any meat where I live. It definitely didn't cost more when I gave up meat.
Those are just examples of inexpensive staple foods that aren't meat. Throw in pasta, fruit and vegetables. It's a ridiculous myth that veganism is more expensive than eating meat.
There's very, very little representation of civilians in-universe. Hard to tell if it's because of a militarized society (would be understandable when you're under threat of annihilation by technologically advanced aliens) or because writers couldn't be arsed.
In southern Georgia I pay $650 a month for a 1,200 sq ft apartment. The downside is I live in southern Georgia.
/r/politics isn't far left. They're firmly reactionary liberals.
Has nothing to do with liking it. I was raised that way. But every study covering the practice has either found it to be ineffective at best in the long term and harmful at worst. It's child abuse.
In what way had Peterson ever atoned for what he did? Unless you mean playing football well, he's done nothing. He still hits his kids. &gt; If it was you, I’m certain you’d hope differently. So far I've managed to avoid killing dogs, beating pregnant women and beating children.
I'm not the Cowboys. I didn't employ Josh Brent and I sure as fuck won't defend him as a person like some people will for AD. I'm not criticizing the Vikings or Washington for employing AD. I'm criticizing AD for beating his kids. Also, please tell me why Randy Gregory is a shitbag. Unless you're a braindead idiot who somehow thinks Randy Gregory is secretly Greg Hardy.
That was definitely not a block in the back.
ThE rEfS aRe FiXiNg GaMeS fOr ThE cOwBoYs.
That's not at all what I'm disputing. I'm saying it has no relation at all to "blood is thicker than water."
60 FPS? Is this the stone age?
&gt; If a closer wasen't a "real position" like you claim, saves wouldn't be a stat. I'd have a hard time suggesting any set-up man make the Hall of Fame, but holds are a stat.
Various QB seasons by Passing Indexes (basically how good they were relative to the average QB that season, with 100 being average): Player| Season| Cmp%+ | Y/A+| TD%+| Int%+| Rate+| Sack%+| AY/A+| NY/A+| ANY/A+ ---|---|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|----|---- P. Manning| 2004 | 127| 141| **168**| 120| **151**| 128| 149| 147| **153**| D. Marino| 1984 | 127| 140| 148| 115| 141| **136**| 141| **153**| 150| A. Rodgers| 2011| 127| 144| 153| 126| 149| 96| 150| 139| 147| N. Foles| 2013| 109| 147| 147| **135**| 142| 86| **151**| 135| 143| T. Brady| 2007| 129| 130| 153| 126| 148| 117| 142| 132| 142| J. Montana| 1989| **152**| 145| 132| 123| 149| 95| 145| 139| 142| M. Ryan| 2016 | 128| **148**| 133| 119| 140| 97| 145| 143| 142| M. Rypien| 1991| 108| 133| 132| 115| 130| 134| 135| 144| 142| B. Jones| 1976| 124| 139| 127| 126| 139| 105| 143| 135| 141| S. Young| 1994| 138| 139| 147| 115| 147| 100| 143| 137| 141| N. Peterman| 2018|67|29|66|-5|24|90|8|39|16
&gt; His two best receivers were Mark Duper and Mark Clayton - neither guy someone to write home about. They were both in the top 20 in all-time receiving yards when they retired. Clayton was #7 in receiving TDs and Duper was a still-respectable #38. Seems pretty disrespectful to treat them like they were scrubs.
5 All-Pros between them.
I didn't even know Int%+ could go into the negatives.
Crimson, right?
You can say the same thing for Marvin Harrison and Reggie Wayne. What did they ever do without Peyton or Andrew Luck? Take those receivers away from the QB and the QB's numbers will drop as well. You don't put up all-time great passing seasons without great QBs AND great receivers. Marino had Clayton and Duper when he set the passing TD record (and Clayton set the receiving TD record that year). Jerry Rice had Joe Montana AND Steve Young throwing to him when he broke Clayton's record. Manning had Marvin Harrison and Reggie Mayne when he broke Marino's passing TD record. Brady had Moss when they broke the passing and receiving TD record. It's a team effort. To act like Clayton and Duper weren't anything to write home about is just ignorant.
It's a 36 year-old backup catcher pinch-hitting for the pitcher. The last hitter in most perfect games isn't going to be a good hitter.
Fun fact: Eddie Perez (the hitter here) was pinch-hitting for a pitcher whose career OPS is only 37 points lower than Eddie's.
Everything except corner outfield. Probably because that's what he mostly played in his physical prime. Once he started playing first and third he was older and slower.
&gt; as soon as you get above .500 (which luckily, doesn't happen that often). Contrary to the belief of all you new Eagles fans, football was played prior to 2017 and the Cowboys have only been below .500 2 years out of the past 14.
&gt; Then there are guys like Pat Mahomes. He was amazing in College but didn't get enough hype because our (Texas Tech) defense was so bad. ...Mahomes went in the top-10 of the draft. The only reason he didn't go higher was because of concerns about technique. There were a lot of questions about whether his pure arm talent would cover up for some of his bad habits: he abandoned clean pockets fairly early, got sloppy with his footwork, forced a lot of balls trying to be a hero (which was fairly necessary for the team), and improvised a lot. Literally everybody recognized his talent.
Highest for a 9-inning game.
I think the entire institute of collegiate athletics is a farce, at least when it comes to football and basketball.
I'd love to face the Eagles again. Haven't had a 3-0 sweep against them since 2009. But they might actually have a chance now that their starting QB is back on the field.
Unless she has a ponytail.
He's jizzing on food he intends for someone else to eat.
So you think black people use drugs at an appreciably higher rate than white people? Interesting. Utterly wrong, but interesting.
Wouldn't the gun rights people be annoyed that the gun and magazine are illegal?
Have not, but now I probably have one thing spoiled.
Capitalism. They have a more useful skill than any of us.
'Sall good. That was predictable anyway. I'm also going to assume OG Cap wields Mjolnir at some point. Can't let that part of Age of Ultron go to waste.
Not true. Marshall Field (and Gordon Selfridge with the same reputation), who is credited with popularizing and cementing the phrase, specifically referred to it being about customer satisfaction. It was a fairly radical idea in the 1800s when the market was frequently based on high-pressure sell tactics, deceptive advertising, straight-up false marking of goods, etc. "Gyp 'em quick and let' em stay gypped." Consumer protections were basically nonexistent. Shockingly, the companies that treated customers well started getting more business. But anyway, no. The customer is always right absolutely referred to customer satisfaction, not market demand. You won't find any credible historical sources stating otherwise.
So do his teammates and people who covered the team at the time. But it's a good story and baseball never let the truth get in the way of those.
Only for players/coaches that are coming onto the field to argue. And even then, it says they "should" be given a warning. Elsewhere it gives umpires carte blanche to eject people for arguing judgment calls.
That's what he already said, look a few comments up. If you're a slave owner that supports abolition, you free your slaves.
Despite constant claims otherwise here, sinkerballers do not consistently outperform their FIP. There's really not a good statistical pattern for pitchers that outperform their FIP, nor is the number of pitchers that do it much higher than what you would assume based on random chance.
&gt;Robert E. Lee freed all of his slaves before the war ended, He was legally obligated to by the will of the person he inherited them from. And he fought (and failed). to keep them longer than he was supposed to. &gt; and wrote that should the South be victorious and secede, they would need to end the institution of slavery sooner rather than later. Kind of. He thought it was holding white people back, but that it provided black people with discipline and instruction: “the relation of master and slave, controlled by humane laws and influenced by Christianity and an enlightened public sentiment [was] the best that can exist between the white and black races…”
Fighting for the Confederate States was fighting for slavery was fighting for racism.
Ok, I'll impose the morals of the time of the American Civil War: most of the civilized world had abolished slavery and abolition was gaining ground in th US. This person chose to fight for the side whose sole purpose was to protect the institution of owning other people. Fuck him.
To various people in the South, those statues are monuments to those that saw them as property.
I don't care that they were traitors. You can be a traitor for a righteous reason. But they weren't. They just wanted to own people.
Let's be honest, there was absolutely no way he deserved that Gold Glove. He was a terrible defensive shortstop.
The BBWAA has generally had high standards that Young doesn't come close to meeting. The Veterans' Committee is a crapshoot and mostly terrible, though.
Probably because 1.2m is 4 ft.
&gt; strike zone seems to get larger towards the end of games when one team has the lead. What about when two teams have the lead?
You don't understand Iran at all if you think a conventional victory over them would be the end of hostilities.
/r/MLB also sucks. /r/baseball is the good sub.
This one was posted later.
It was over the plate. It wasn't in the zone, but horizontally it caught the black.
Because if you completely ignore half the plate you're just feeding a guy a zone he's comfortable hitting in. Have you ever actually played baseball? You can't abandon the inside just because a guy gets hit a lot. It's better to take the risk than to let him zero in on the outer half the plate.
Then why are you asking why teams continue to throw it where he can lean into it? It's a very obvious answer if you have any sense of how baseball is played.
While Buehler does occasionally throw a sinker (which is only slightly slower than his fastball) , the ~80 mph pitch is a curveball. The high-80s pitch is his slider.
If it quacks like a duck. Get some basic understanding of how to pitch and you might not ask dumb questions like "WhY dO tHeY kEeP pItChInG hIm InSiDe?"
Literally no one uses the term knuckleball specifically as anything other than the one thrown with very little spin to produce erratic movement. Also, you don't actually use the knuckles in the grip. You use the tips of your finger or your fingernail. But yes, it's called a knuckle curve because the index finger is in the same position you typically use to throw a knuckleball.
Hopefully not everything.
Nope, most strikeouts in a perfect game is 14.
Man, you need to actually follow baseball. "Knuckleball" exclusively refers to the one that minimizes spin. That anybody would suggest otherwise just demonstrates that they don't actually follow baseball. I cannot emphasize that enough. Watch the documentary "Knuckleball." They're covering guys like Wakefield and RA Dickey that threw knuckleballs, not the plethora of pitchers like AJ Burnett, Moose and Izzy that threw knuckle/spike curves. And yes, Cicotte threw it with his knuckles a century ago. No professional pitcher still does that, but because Cicotte did it, the name persists. &gt; Yes, because the grip is what makes it a "knuckle x" not the lack of spin, glad you agree. Yes, I was restating the one thing you got right. That is where the name "knuckle curve" comes from. A knuckle curve is not a knuckleball, though.
I know it sounds ridiculous, but occasionally your sanity is worth losing a bit of money.
Anti Cy Young is a dumb name. Call it the Cy Old.
Nah, there have been more. Most recent was Neil Allen in 1988.
Title is wrong. Shore's game was actually ruled a perfect game. It was retroactively made into just a combined no-hitter.
Deal with it by protesting it.
/r/lostredditors This is a channel for a gaming news show.
&gt;is it right for one individual to have the right to act as a gatekeeper and censor the content we access and share online Yes. It's a private business that can choose who it wants to be a platform for as long as any exclusion is not based on the excluded being in a protected class.
Because the league ERA was like 2.30.
Not even Dead Ball Era. The rules were so different (and evolving ) during that time that it's considered its own era, the Pioneer Era.
He's said as much. Said all he has to do to get her is make her laugh. His body is for him.
Nah, Scientology is still a cult.
You're not gonna offend me saying that. My point was just that Scientology didn't become a religion just because its founder died.
Not sacks, which are huge.
&gt; does have the most HR against Kershaw out of any player with 4. Which he did in 13 ABs. Granted, most of it was early in Kershaw's career.
&gt;without cursing... I've been doing it all wrong.
True, but there was no "we" back then.
&gt;Also, one episode she forces that uterus-extracting shit, the other cries about it. That seems like a strange criticism considering there is a 30-year gap between her complaining and then regretting it.
That's actually the term for when the part of you that is closer to the black hole is being pulled faster than the part that is farther away. Not the same as getting crushed at the singularity.
Yeah, it's the concept of uneven pull by gravity basically pulling your bottom half away from your top half.
I've rooted for the Patriots 3 times in my life and they have let me down every time. 2007, 2011 and 2018 Super Bowls.
What news? That shit is from 8 years ago and never materialized.
The fuck?
With the exception of launch and recovery elements (who, as the name implies, only control takeoff and landing), armed RPAs are typically controlled stateside. And the time delay is MUCH more than 200 ms.
The vast majority of UASs/drones are not armed. They're almost entirely ISR. Predator and Reaper being the largest exceptions.
As someone who didn't play D1, how is the raid part different? I still wear Great Hunt/Scourge/Leviathan gear that you can only get via raids. How is that part different?
&gt;Richard Sherman’s high school GPA was a 4.2 while playing track and football. He wouldn’t have gone to Stanford with his skill set and a 3.0 He also wouldn't have gone to Stanford with his grades/scores but no skill set. In a vacuum, his ACT/SAT scores were completely noncompetitive for admission to Stanford, which is the point people are making. Acting like going to Stanford means he's super smart is ignoring admissions standards for athletes. He got into Stanford because of his background, athletic prowess and being smart enough.
You really need to learn to critically evaluate sources.
I've long accepted that I just don't care about what most of this sub cares about. Put all the ornaments and cosmetics in Eververse. As long as everything useful is attainable in game, I couldn't care less what's behind that paywall. I get fun out of gameplay stuff. This season I've knocked out the solo flawless for the dungeons, short-manned raids, solo'd the secret missions, etc. I find that way more interesting than ornaments.
They're opposed to American imperialism and thus support anyone who opposes American imperialism.
There is the leftist concept of critical support, wherein you support the individual actions that align with your cause (in this case, Iran opposing Western imperialism), but do not absolve them of wrongdoing (religiously oppressive country, among other things). This also goes the other way where you don't disavow someone entirely due to a leftist purity test. This sub tends to lean toward uncritical support of America's foreign enemies and call any criticism of them propaganda. Or, if it's directed toward China, sinophobic. Self-defeating, since one benefit of critical support is that you concede the actor isn't perfect and don't get bogged down defending the actions that are irrelevant to what you ACTUALLY support.
Other way around. Tyreek Hill was given Taysom Hill's All-Pro votes for special teams.
A week where we're not the biggest chokers in Texas.
It is either spot or 10 yards, depending on which is further back.
Being under pressure is WHY you enforce intentional grounding.
That was just about the most pathetic two downs I've ever seen.
It doesn't stop the clock in the last two minutes.
Clarification: it's not a full gameclock stop like an incomplete pass is (where it restarts on the snap). The game clock is stopped until the ball is put back into play (if the ball goes out of bounds) or the ball is set (if the player goes out of bounds). Read Section 3 of Rule 4. And yes, it's a penalty to intentionally throw it out of bounds to conserve time. I don't remember the section number, but it's under "Actions to Conserve Time."
All day and underthrows it into double coverage.
"He's played like a rookie." That's worrying for a 2nd-year player.
It absolutely fits the wording of the rule.
The rule's name is a weird misnomer after it's been altered so many times. It pretty much just has to do with the direction the blocker is moving. Look at the definition of the rule instead of the name of it. Even the rulebook puts "blindside" in quotation marks.
You people need to actually look at the rulebook and see what a blindside block is instead of assuming it's what the name implies. It has to do with the direction of the blocker's movement, not whether the defensive player is looking. I agree that it's a dumb name.
You're giving this sub way too much credit. Even the regular posters don't know rules very well.
&gt; Can't block when facing your goal line Can't block with your forearms, shoulder or helmet.
Don't think most /r/nfl Bills fans remember those.
Because someone else bailed him out and knocked it out of bounds.
Slightly different calls. DJax's was a fumble with no attempt to recover by anyone, which by rule eventually becomes a dead ball. So it was a 60-yard reception with a fumble and Eagles retaining the ball.
The important thing is that you're getting upset at something you think he would do, rather than anything he did.
Because then you can call out actual wrong calls instead of looking like a whiny, ignorant idiot. But feel free to be the boy who cried bullshit penalty.
Thought you meant in this game, but [I've already said how I felt about that ruling.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/ee6txo/schefter_nfl_expected_to_discuss_simplifying_coin/fbrezqe/)
It's actually irrelevant if you read the rule.
That part also carries the stipulation that the ball is inside the tackles and w/in 3 yards of the LOS. Ball had already gone outside the tackle box.
mAd ToM bRaDy
Why do announcers act like Edelman dropping a pass is uncharacteristic? He consistently has one of the higher drop rates in the league.
&gt; this penalty could not be declined. You can always decline penalties.
&gt; Any live ball foul in the end zone by a team trying to advance out of the endzone is a safety It's if the spot of enforcement is behind its own goal line.
I've read the original implies that thick is bad and thin good ("through thicket and thin wood"), but I also can't find a real source that uses that phrase that predates Chaucer just saying "through thick and thin." So who knows?
See, a much better rebuttal than "he threw it a lot."
You wouldn't wait until the play clock is almost down to zero to false start if you were just doing it for field position.
It's not a perfect response if you have even a remote understanding of playcalling. You can throw the ball a lot while not trusting a QB. Watch some of Jared Goff's less-outstanding games. He'll throw the ball a fuckton, but they're not complex plays where he has to make decisions and tough throws. "He threw a lot" is a thoughtless answer that shows no understanding of the underpinnings of an offense and equates lots of throws with lots of trust.
And I didn't know I was dealing with an ESPN talking head. We all learned something.
Fucking Intuit. Make a commercial about people not having the confidence to their own taxes while lobbying to maintain the system that profits them.
I think Kirk Cousins hit puberty right before the snap.
WAR does not care at all about a hitter's BABIP and does not undervalue high-BABIP players.
&gt;Yes, I know that. WAR assumes that BABIP is random and will eventually converge at league average. No, it doesn't for hitters. Full stop. Offensive WAR gives you complete credit for your offensive production with no regression for expected production. It is in no way attributing a high BABIP to luck. It isn't looking at BABIP at all. It's just seeing that the guy hit a single and giving value for that. You have no clue what you're talking about. And a short response to the RISP part: almost every hitter will have a better BABIP and OPS w/RISP. There's a selection bias (poor pitchers allow runner more often, so plate appearances w/RISP are disproportionately likely to be against a worse pitcher). BABIP also goes up due to the same reasons + defensive alignment being less optimal when runners are on (fielders have to hold the runners). The jump in Gwynn's OPS from empty to RISP is still higher than the average hitter's jump in the same situation, but he's not an outlier in that regard. Just as an example, I went with the least situational hitter I could think of from Gwynn's era: Mark McGwire. His OPS went up over 100 pts from bases empty to RISP. Runner on 3rd: 240 points higher (largely walks, but his BABIP also went up 100 points).
Good odds for them most years then.
I like how you had to try 3 times to bait people into asking for your opinion.
Nope, just casually saying you hope he dies or gets his head beat in with a baseball bat.
Because people are saying he gave himself up, which isn't true. Doesn't make the head to head part legal.
&gt; "people saying this was intentional haven't played before" Those people like to act like football players are freight trains who are utterly incapable of responding to changes in direction if they're given less than a full second to react.
It would be, but you can't do it.
&gt; they've literally wasted the careers of every good player to ever play for their franchises. Won't hear an argument from me. I'm just glad Ware eventually got one anyway.
Vilgefortz. Who is in the show...and gets owned by Cahir.
A few years ago I deployed to a base in Somalia that wasn't even acknowledged until last year and we were still allowed to have cell phones. Every deployment I've been on has allowed cell phones. Shit, guys went on ops with them. Even out at other OPs that hadn't been given names since they had just been set up, guys were using Signal or WhatsApp to call their families. This is unit-driven. CENTCOM reporting instructions don't prohibit those devices.
Yeah, that's what I've told myself. It was jarring, but hopefully intentional.
To clarify what I said: Jordan never put up as bad of numbers as Tebow did last year, but Jordan also never played at AAA, which is the level where Tebow was.
I think it's 7.5x for 5x Burning Fists, 1.25-1.6x for Solar Plexus, 3x for Biotic Enhancements, 1.9x for Roaring Flames, 3x for 1-2 Punch. Comes out to 160-205x damage per hammer.
I'm going to explain this one more time: Tebow's raw numbers last year were worse than what Jordan posted, however, it was at a higher level of competition (AAA) than Jordan ever got to (AA).
I do not think he is more protected than the average QB, but just as relevant here is that you've offered no support for your argument other than feels. Even for an Eagles fans you're insufferable.
The people we're using RPAs on don't have radar. Contested airspace isn't a great place for RPAs.
Solar plexus is variable based on the ability, but I think 1.5x is right for the hammer. I've seen different numbers for Roaring Flames, but Ehroar's video says 120% increase (2.2x). Tractor cannon is only a 1.3x debuff on the boss, but they're not running tractor cannon because it wouldn't let them use Telesto to get 3x Roaring Flames.
Telesto is very far from the key to this glitch.
QBs in the pocket aren't protected from horsecollar tackles.
US is still in Iraq.
It absolutely touches the ground when he falls.
At no point was he able to stay upright, so by rule he was going to the ground the whole time. And since he was going to the ground, he has to maintain control throughout the entire process. He didn't.
Because most people have never read a rulebook and trust announcers that have also never read a rulebook.
I am a fan of the Cowboys. I'll try to explain it by memory because there's no way going to watch it for the millionth time. Watch the video from behind the left pylon. When he falls/lunges he has it tucked in the crook of his elbow, but nothing is underneath the ball. Ball hits the ground while still in the crook and causes it to temporarily come loose before he regathers it somewhat awkwardly in the same part of his elbow but higher up on the ball.
With no support (no rally or lunafaction) and with all crits, Whisper is better at DPS. It's also extremely unforgiving.
&gt; However, if you miss a Honed Edge x4 shot you're missing out on a LOT more damage. Whisper is even less forgiving from a DPS perspective (although not total damage). Missing a crit means you have to reload AND reproc Whispered Breathing.
Yes. Most likely, someone made the explicit, but misinformed, decision to fire on the airliner.
Extremely unlikely. In cases where tensions are high, it is unlikely that any large IADS is going to operate under centralized command simply because the response time is MUCH longer when doing so. In a heightened state of alert, most air defense will decentralize and increase the risk of these kinds of incidents.
I always wonder what news you people watch that isn't covering this stuff. On mobile, so maybe that makes a difference, but CNN and CBS have it on their front page. Fox News didn't. Reuters does.
Just some numbers: Top 10 passing offenses by DVOA: 1. Ravens (playoffs, still in) 2. Chiefs (playoffs, still in) 3. Saints (playoffs, out) 4. Seahawks (playoffs, still in) 5. Cowboys (LOL) 6. Titans (playoffs, still in) 7. Raiders (nope) 8. 49ers (playoffs, still in) 9. Chargers (nope) 10. Vikings (playoffs, still in) Top 10 rushing offenses by DVOA: 1. Ravens (playoffs, still in) 2. Cardinals (nope) 3. Cowboys (LOL) 4. Packers (playoffs, still in) 5. Titans (playoffs, still in) 6. Seahawks (playoffs, still in) 7. Panthers (nope) 8. Colts (nope) 9. Browns (nope) 10. Eagles (playoffs, out) Top 10 passing defenses by DVOA: 1. Patriots (playoffs, out) 2. 49ers (playoffs, still in) 3. Steelers (nope) 4. Ravens (playoffs, still in) 5. Bills (playoffs, out) 6. Chiefs (playoffs, still in) 7. Vikings (playoffs, still in) 8. Bears (nope) 9. Rams (nope) 10. Packers (playoffs, still in) Top 10 rushing defenses by DVOA: 1. Buccaneers (nope) 2. Jets (nope) 3. Steelers (nope) 4. Eagles (playoffs, out) 5. Saints (playoffs, out) 6. Patriots (playoffs, out) 7. Giants (nope) 8. Rams (nope) 9. Vikings (playoffs, still in) 10. Titans (playoffs, still in)
Disputed origin. More commonly reported that it was about dysfunction in the Yankees clubhouse. The 1980s were a bad time for the organization.
&gt; i can think of many good warlock exotics except for ophidians Nezarac, Phoenix Protocol, Lunafaction, Geomags, Transversive Steps.
You've been able to do that since it came out. It was discovered MUCH quicker than the Winter's Guile/Wormgod Caress glitch.
That's true, but that's also because we don't have Warrants.
John Rocker was also better at baseball than I am at anything in my life and one of the most dominant postseason relievers ever. Also a sack of shit as a human. Hell, pretty much any professional athlete is better at their sport than I am at anything.
I've certainly called Rocker worse things than that. But the point is that saying an athlete is better at their sport than someone is at anything in their life is meaningless as a defense from criticism. You can rebut it with what Craig did instead of saying something completely irrelevant. Insulting someone is not defending Craig's HoF credentials.
Man, fuck the Yankees.
You're really going all in on conspiracies that would absolve Iran from any responsibility for this.
Not all dissent is worthy of respect.
&gt; which is lost in all the catch arguments It's brought up almost literally every time.
The ground can absolutely cause a fumble. You can fall on your own and fumble when the ball hits the ground. You can get tackled in a way where the ball hitting the ground and coming loose happens before you are down. "Ground can't cause a fumble" is the "tie goes to the runner" of football.
Maybe don't write "never" when you're only referring to a specific play. And if you're going to make it about a specific play, you should probably make sure it applies to that specific play. It doesn't apply here.
They scored on the second play of that first drive. So the counting started from there.
His answer was relevant to the question posed by OP. Yours is not and was just a defensive response by an angry Pats fan.
&gt; self aware and satyrical Didn't know he was into Greek mythology.
It's not, but he's certainly perceived more positively than most.
&gt; Canonon blast Sounds like a Pokemon move.
Williams hit too many home runs and walked WAY too much to put the ball in play very often. His three-true-outcome percentage was high for his era. Plus, connotation is important in communication. If you tell a baseball fan that Ted Williams was a contact hitter, you'll have this stupid conversation every time because you're going against the common understanding for no discernible reason.
Even the people who think he is overrated as a hitter think that.
[Gotta be careful about dropping a hard J.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLIS7qAWeaA)
People really need to learn what a stacked box actually means. It's a defenses response to the offensive alignment, not a response to the effectiveness of an offense's passing/running game.
But only when you're above the age of consent.
The real tragedy is that it took 6 seasons for someone to shoot Richard.
How the fuck you gonna get stomped away when using a sword? Just swing at them.
&gt; other guns are mostly boring Wish Ender is also boring. The only interesting thing about it is its current bugged state where it is OP.
&gt;If the 777 could land fully loaded, it wouldn’t have the ability to jettison fuel in the first place It's easier on the aircraft to land light, but it doesn't need to.
People love to say that, but statistically it's not true for individual pitchers. It looks like a trend on a league-wide scale (meaning numbers are better with a lead), but that's because better pitchers tend to have a lead. Nothing about pitching with a lead actually makes it easier to pitch in majors. It's also basically the opposite of what most pitchers say they do. They say they'll ease up with a big lead in order to throw more hittable pitches and try to get outs on balls in play at the expense of worse surface-level numbers. It's something JV himself has claimed he does and was a huge point in Jack Morris's HOF candidacy.
So you never checked the actual source to read the article and see that it had nothing negative about Trump and are just ignoring facts that proved you wrong? This kind of blind bias is what's pushing people away from conservative views. They get conflate with fanboys like you. Sad.
Winning the popular vote but losing the electoral vote is more succinctly called "losing." There's no victory to be had there.
Trading is not synonymous with capitalism.
And if Belle had played much longer, been a better baserunner, been a MUCH better fielder, not have corked his bat (leading to an admittedly hilarious story with Jason Grimsley), and generally not been a surly psychopath, he'd have just as much of Hall of Fame case as Walker.
&gt; How do you not unanimously vote in the best player of the 90s The best player of the 90s is still not in the Hall of Fame. Griffey was a distant second to Bonds.
But who gives a shit? He got in just like he should've. There's not a separate Hall for guys that got in unanimously.
&gt; God, saying “Griffey, Ruth, etc. weren’t unanimous so why should Jeter be?” has got to be the dumbest logic ever. What voter is saying that?
Normally local writers who liked the guy, know he has NO shot of making it or even making it to a second ballot and just use one of their 10 votes as an act of appreciation.
&gt; could hit just as good if not better then non juicing Bond Not even close. If you exclude 1999 (the season evidence and testimony indicates that Bonds started juicing), Bonds had a 181 OPS+ in the 90s. Griffey never had a 181 OPS+ in a single season, yet alone across a 9-year span. Bonds' worst single-season OPS+ in the 90s was still better than Griffey's average OPS+ during the decade. The only hitter in the 90s that was close to him was Frank Thomas. Bonds won 3 MVPs from 90-93 and (still excluding 1999) had ~10 more WAR than the next closest player. Non-juicing Bonds was already a significantly better player than any other position player in the MLB. When he started juicing, he just entered a completely different stratosphere. That absolutely and rightfully tarnishes his legacy because he cheated, but that doesn't change the fact that even before he cheated he was by far the best position player in baseball.
&gt; Baseball had to change the game because he was too good. They changed the game because the league ERA had fallen below 3.00. 65% of the qualifying pitchers had an ERA below 3.00. League batting average was .236. It was the 2nd-lowest scoring season in MLB history. Gibson was the best pitcher that year, but the changes weren't prompted by a single person. It was a league-wide issue.
Bonds was absolutely not a poor defender. He was fast, sure-handed, and got great jumps. The only negative part of his defense was his throwing arm, which is the least important part of left field. He was an 8-time Gold Glover and generally regarded as one of the best defensive left fielders of all-time along with Yaz. He actually came up as well-regarded center fielder, but the Pirates had just signed Andy Van Slyke, who won 5 straight Gold Gloves in center for them.
In what way? He wasn't a great defender. By his own admission he didn't care about defense (a fact he frequently expressed regret about). He would be taking practice swings in the outfield because his primary focus was hitting.
Ted Williams had a defensive WAR of -13.3. That's a full 20 dWAR below Bonds. What in the world are you talking about? And you can go off his defensive reputation from writers during that time (it wasn't good) or even just his own admission that he didn't care about defense. He wasn't the kind of guy to downplay his abilities. If he said he wasn't good at something, he was probably being honest.
Branch Rickey and the Dodgers were praising OBP and SLG (by different names) in the 40s. Bill James got a following talking about the same kind of stuff in the 70s. It took fans a long time to catch on, but the value of those things has been known forever.
The Hall of Good Enough for Now.
I hated the anti-Bagwell arguments. He was probably the best post-integration first baseman until Pujols came along. The best guy at this position in 60 years had trouble getting in.
You want the Hall to be something vastly more selective than it actually ever has been, then. Larry Walker meets the standard that had already been set over the past 90+ years.
Similar park- and era-adjusted numbers, but McCovey was a worse baserunner and never had the defensive reputation Bagwell earned. If they're similar hitters but Bagwell was much better at the other two aspects of being a position player, I'd have a hard time calling McCovey better.
Right, and Thomas and Canseco made those accusations with no evidence whatsoever. As a Rangers fan, Pudge probably used (same thing with Juan Gonzalez). Canseco actually played with Pudge and named him in his book. Piazza admitted to using andro. Why would I doubt those two? Canseco didn't say anything about Bagwell until he was elected to the Hall of Fame and there is literally no evidence. You're doing literally the same thing the detractors did: lumping him in with others that were credibly accused because he hit for power in the 90s instead of looking at him individually. Now, do I think he used PEDs? Probably. But it's all completely circumstantial.
I wouldn't be enormously surprised if a future committee inducted a lot of "great but not HoF" Yankees from that era. They've already gotten the two legit HoFers in with the highest percentages from the BBWAA, and the writers are historically less prone to dynasty-driven choices than committees run by players. Guys like Posada, Pettitte and Bernie Williams would stand a chance there, especially Pettitte. I think that chance is pretty low though.
I pretty much never have red cabbage by winter. Fucking traveling cart.
And yet every time that happens, people say the writer is just doing it for notoriety and publicity for their "why I didn't vote for X" article.
He was a rookie, but it wasn't his rookie year. Same with every player that got a short call-up. Otherwise the list of bad rookie years by great players gets a lot longer. EDIT: Stop here if you don't want to read my dumb pedantic argument.
I didn't say it was a short call-up. I said his time in 2011 wasn't his rookie year, just like short call-ups aren't a player's rookie year. And he didn't exceed rookie limits and the post is asking for examples of players that had horrible rookie seasons. It wasn't his rookie season.
If we're talking about horrible rookie seasons (the title of this post), then technically it wasn't his rookie season.
So you wouldn't call it his rookie season? Even though you're using it here as an answer to a question about horrible rookie seasons? Impressive backpedaling. &gt; I'd say it's the year he debuted in the Majors and that he was a rookie. You mean like when I said &gt; He was a rookie, but it wasn't his rookie year. I'm done since you've now disavowed your original answer AND agreed with what I called it.
In what way? Individual pitchers do not perform better with a lead. Traditionally, old-school pitchers say they ease up with a lead to save their arm or get contact for quick outs, trading good statistical performance for quicker at-bats.
It's not easier to get people out or prevent runs just because you have a lead and teams pay more for actual performance than they do for pitcher wins. You think a reliever is going to ease up with a big lead, despite his career hinging on pitching effectively? There's a reason I asked "in what way?"
Tyler Clippard on pitching to the score: &gt;As a veteran guy, a message I send to younger pitchers is to pitch more selfishly in those situations. That’s the only way your career is going to progress the way you want it to Drew Pomeranz when asked whether he pitches to the score: &gt;I don’t. I go out there and try not to give up any hits or runs, anything, every time. I don’t really look at the scoreboard — the other side of the scoreboard — because my goal is to put up zeroes. My job stays the same, no matter what the score is. I just focus on the stuff I can control. CC Sabathia: &gt; I think you go out and continue to keep pitching your game. Adam Wainwright: &gt; So to me it’s 0-0 all the time, or maybe I could say it’s 1-0 and I have to protect that lead. All game, I throw exactly like it’s the last pitch I’m ever going to throw. Tom Koehler: &gt; I try not to think of the score. I try to pitch the same as I would if it’s a 0-0 game. Look at all those nerds who never played a game in their life claiming that they don't pitch to the score. What do they know? But that's actually besides my main point. You still haven't shown how it's easier to pitch with a lead. Unless you just mean they don't try as hard and get worse results, which is a stupid definition of easier. And even in the traditional "pitch to the score" thing: Being more aggressive in the zone as a response to score isn't making pitching easier.
Alright, disregard pitchers claiming they don't pitch to the score, despite it being the more accepted thing to do. Solid work. You have still utterly failed to demonstrate it being actually easier to pitch. You've only said they have more room for error to lose the lead. That doesn't make you pitch better. You seem to be mistaking "winning is easier" with "pitching is easier."
By testimony and available evidence, he started using in 1999. Also, the similarity score is not a good tool for that purpose. It's more style similarity than value similarity. He had 3 MVPs by the 94 season, which is more than all of his comps combined.
There are far worse humans than Bonds. He wouldn't even be the worst person in the Hall if he made it.
No, it's absolutely not. Rangers use a more offset camera that disguises the fact that Nathan's pitch was much farther off the plate. Go look at it on Brooks or any of the articles written after-the-fact.
What list did Hampton ever get on? And what non-circumstantial evidence is there for Kile and Lima (that doesn't boil down to "they died young")? You seem to be very accepting of speculative answers. And are we just convicting anyone that played with users? Should Griffey be worried because he played with A-Rod, Ryan Franklin, Ron Villone, Glenallen Hill, Fernando Vina, Todd Williams, David Segui, David Bell, and Josias Manzanillo? Jeter played with A-Rod, Clemens, and Pettitte, who are some of the best players to be known users.
Nathan's wouldn't because it was 5 inches off the plate by pitch-tracking software. The one on the Instagram video is over the plate by a good margin, and would be called a strike (obviously, since it got called one). There's no need to make a false claim about a different pitch when you have that evidence.
It pops up on reddit every so often and I say the same thing. There's no evidence they actually do this.
You only get so many before you start losing players.
So you want all of that in an article title.
Why are you the way you are?
Their 90s ace was Andy Pettitte, known cheater. They had Roger Clemens at the tail end, Chuck Knoblauch, Mike Stanton, Jason Grimsley and some borderline guys who used. 2000 added Canseco and David Justice. Probably no dirtier than other teams at the time, but certainly not clean. They actually had less team success when they got more users like Sheffield, Giambi and Kevin Brown.
You can find screenshots and stuff on the Athletics sub. And a picture of Mike Fiers ass. The evidence is solid that he was hanging out with a girl. I haven't seen any evidence of her age. So just waiting until that dust settles. EDIT: After going through that stuff, I'd say there's enough there to warrant a much closer look. There's a lot to put together (veracity of texts, identities in the videos, etc., she has prom pics from 2017, claims the relationship was in 2018). Snap judgment is that Fiers appears to have had a relationship with a very young girl (16). 16 is also the age of consent in Michigan. But I'm sure more will come to light. No need to rush it. I will say that dismissing it because of the person that pushed the issue (the source of the deleted tweet) is shortsighted. The middleman appears to be a profiteering asshole. Doesn't change anything about the evidence presented.
Lethal force to protect property is legal in some states.
Not the argument I'm making. I'm addressing where they said you can't use deadly force on defense of property.
Of course I am. I don't have access to a helicopter.
Think of it this way: we're just the beginning. Eventually that gene will be selected for and the best high-fivers of today will look like amateurs compared to the gods that are yet to come.
&gt; Better arm in a guy who was right handed and adapted to throwing left handed because he liked to use his dominant to stiff arm. &gt; &gt; This is completely untrue. He is cross-dominant and throwing is one of the things he does left-handed. The stiff-arming part came from an Onion article and now gets repeated as fact.
How many lives has the SR-71 saved?
&gt;But no crew member operating one has ever died. This is not true, but there has only been one.
The accounting gets difficult. Was any imagery it took used in targeting? Was the target struck? Did hitting that target save other lives? Or it just gets hypothetical.
No one really reports on non-fatal helicopter crashes. I've seen a CH-47 crash and all 30+ onboard were fine. The Chinook did not fare well.
&gt; It's what powered Favre's ironman streak. Also Vicodin.
Funny, because Will Reeves is also the name of the first masked hero in Watchmen. Was also orphaned.
He would cover the "almost no" part. And even then, he has a 60 wRC+ for his career. And a 69 wRC+ since 2013 (I used that timespan because it's bookended by his two best years with the bat).
&gt; This is the idea that will kill MLB. Exactly. That's why the AL has completed eroded its fanbase to nothing over the past 45 years.
&gt; why not have a DH for your poor hitting shortstop or catcher or your rule 5 outfielder prospect No position is as inept at hitting (or even close) as pitchers are. Over the course of baseball history, organizations have seen the value that pitchers bring with the bat and decided that was worth ZERO investment. It makes absolutely no difference in contract negotiations. Pitching skill is essentially the only thing that matters. To emphasize how specialized the position is: the best-hitting pitcher of the past ~30 years (Micah Owings) couldn't keep a job because he wasn't a good enough pitcher (still had a 91 ERA+ for his career, so he wasn't atrocious). If a position player is a great hitter at his position but can't field, he'll still find a job (Adam Dunn). If he's a great fielder at his position but can't hit, he'll still find a job (Mark Belanger played for 18 years with a 68 OPS+). But if a pitcher is THE best hitter at his position, but is a mediocre pitcher? He's out of the league. That is how little hitting matters as a pitcher and it's why teams have just punted that skill. I will say that from a strict rules perspective, the DH makes no sense. Why does just one position get to ignore an aspect of the game? But from an evolution of the game and practical perspective, teams have been devaluing it and ignoring it to the point that pitchers hitting serves no purpose.
&gt; If you can throw a nasty slider AND hit for average, you get paid. If you can dominate on the mound but only put down a bunt? You get paid, just not so much. The number of pitchers that have gotten more money due to their hitting ability is damn close to zero.
I feel like your take of "9 people are dead because Kobe ignores the risk estimates of experienced pilots," is just as bad as his take. But I'm also going to assume it's just a humorous take on his attitude.
Yes, but only because there wouldn't be as much vitriol if it had been a team that hadn't won a World Series. If I were a Mariners fan and the Mariners had cheated, I wouldn't have something meaningful like a title to defend from the taint of cheating. I'd be a lot easier for a fanbase to accept it if it didn't invalidate their greatest accomplishment. So I agree that it had nothing to do with the fanbase.
E-11 isn't a CIA plane. Just a regular Air Force plane that works as a comm node. Probably belonged to the 430 EECS out of Kandahar. Fuck, tail trackers could probably look at the pictures and tell you where the plane is based stateside.
And gliding means you're going to lose altitude and, unless you can get to a suitable airstrip, crash.
Fun fact: landing in a field without an airstrip is still called a crash. I didn't say "fatal crash." And good luck finding a flat enough place to do that in fucking Ghazni during the winter. Look at the pictures from the crash site. It looks like it was fairly controlled, but still rough enough to destroy the aircraft.
&gt; That's just a throw that is graded +2 Actually, it's anything +1.0 or higher.
The article is about specific allegations by Virginia Roberts, not just being a passenger. That puts Dershowitz and Andrew in a more specific category than most of the people you mentioned.
&gt; Could you tell if a missile struck the plane or if it was shot If you remember the pictures of the airliner Iran shot down a few weeks ago, there was fragmentation damage in the fuselage and around the engine nacelles. The lack of that here makes it very unlikely that it was shot down. It's also generally unlikely due to the operating altitude of E-11s (~40,000 ft). The most common MANPADS the Taliban has access to (the SA-7) has a max altitude of ~5000 ft AGL. Even if it were shot from one of the higher parts of Ghazni (let's say 8,000 ft), that would put its ceiling at 13,000 ft. That's still well below where the E-11 would be operating. I would bet a substantial amount of money that this was entirely due to a malfunction of the aircraft.
This wasn't a spy plane either.
No, there aren't any US-controlled airstrips that they would put an E-11A at in Ghazni. The 430 EECS (who owns that tail) only flies out of Kandahar.
&gt; insisted it was consensual His statement puts it in slightly different terms: &gt; Although I truly believe this encounter between us was consensual, I recognize now that **she did not and does not view this incident the same way I did**. After months of reviewing discovery, listening to her attorney, and even her testimony in person, **I now understand how she feels that she did not consent to this encounter**. Saying that you understand that the person you had sex with feels that they didn't consent is about as close as you can get to saying that the other person didn't consent.
Private aircraft do have a much higher accident rate. Less experienced pilots, worse maintenance, fewer regulations. Commercial airliners are pretty damn safe, on the other hand.
Helicopters are absolutely more dangerous than fixed wing, but they're not really design issues: flying lower is more dangerous and takeoff/landing is the most dangerous part of flight, and helicopters do that far more often per unit of flight time.
NTSB did not state that he lost control and there's no real indication he did.
He was not 20-30 ft from clearing the mountain. He was 20-30 ft away from missing that particular hill on that mountain. You can look at the crash site. With the rate of descent and his groundspeed, he was already certain to hit the ground. I don't know why the NTSB worded that the way they did.
Yes. Relying on your eyes when you can't see is a good way to end up dead.
They were nowhere near clearing the mountain. They were 20-30 ft from clearing that particular hill on the mountain, but behind that hill was more mountain. They were hundreds of feet from clearing it. They had no chance once he began losing altitude and accelerating toward the ground.
They both mean you're too low, yes. But one (the incorrect one) is saying you're flying too low to be safe. The other (correct) one is that you're flying too low to be picked up on radar, so we can't flight follow you like you requested
Because cheesing it well is less than 10 minutes. Cheesing it REALLY well is under 6, but if you're doing that, you have a dedicated group.
Most legit speedrunners aren't doing it for loot. They're doing it because the normal raid is easy and it's more interesting to challenge themselves. If a single guy in an LFG is doing speedrun strats that require other people to know the strat, they're an asshole.
The one where the defense forced five turnovers and they blocked a punt for a TD while Vick was throwing 25 times for 117 yards? I swear people that bring that game up didn't actually watch it.
The article explains it. The missing percentages are either the respondent didn't know or didn't have a strong opinion. Most people didn't know what Kynect was.
Let's be honest, nothing meaningful is going to happen.
He did. As an aside, that Rams team was one of the worst Divisional Round teams ever.
I was going to say that a vote for a third party is essentially a vote for Trump, but going by your posting history in /r/T_D, I'm guessing your vote will actually be directly for Trump. Good job, skipping the middle-man.
Not when there are no consequences.
What taxes go to SPLC? And how is this remotely surprising? They have the same aims.
There are no facts on his part, only assumptions. He calls /r/SPLCenter the official subreddit, despite being an inactive subreddit with no proven connection to the real SPLC. Spoiler, the people who claim to be anti-hate subreddits also support the SPLC. That's common sense. He also made the claim that American taxpayer dollars are going to the organization, then backed off to say "indirectly." So, yeah, taxpayer dollars are going to them in that people that pay taxes are also donating to SPLC. OP's agenda (and yours, obviously) is obvious. It's not like he mods /r/jewish_contributions or anything like that. You two are exactly the type of people that opposition would plant to make conspiracy theorists look like batshit anti-semites.
&gt; I literally just said I will be voting for a third party, you cretin. I know. I'm calling you a liar. I thought that was obvious.
There are very few things I call people "entitled" for, but whining about not being able to read an article that's behind a paywall is one of them. People decry the state of sports journalism, but also whinge about the possibility that they might actually have to pay for good journalism. *The Athletic* has some great journalists (especially for baseball) and great content. That's worth $5 a month to me. And besides that: it's illegal. Copyright infringement. Allowing it opens up the site to legal action.
I use "so to speak," but apparently that's a fighter pilot thing, so when I use it around people who aren't in the military I get strange looks. You're supposed to use it on yourself to acknowledge you've made an inadvertent double entendre. But pilots are weird. Can't say head. Can't say box.
I also pay people to describe me as athletic. Helps my reputation so much and is worth every penny.
Went 1-6 in one-possession games.
Hate to say it, but the US military is a terrorist organization by that definition. Iran was right. Actually, I don't hate to say it, because it's true.
Any interaction with police can be dangerous.
Steve Jobs.
What a horseshit justification. Gonna start hijacking cars because they could be car bombs?
Excluding people I think are just straight-up snubs or have a VERY strong case: C: Jim Sundberg 1B: Will Clark 2B: Jeff Kent 3B: Buddy Bell SS: Jimmy Rollins LF: Matt Holliday CF: Mike Cameron RF: Bobby Abreu (or Bobby Bonds) SP: Kevin Brown SP: David Cone SP: Dave Stieb SP: Mark Buehrle
So nobody ever put a bomb in a car with the purpose of blowing people up? People poison food as well. People run people over with cars. You want the police to start confiscating guns as well? The point is that you can't just do that shit without a valid justification. "ThErE mIgHt Be AcId" isn't a valid one.
Is "we've outsourced our killing to the suburbs" supposed to be a meaningful change?
&gt; the maximum is usually 90. Got a source for that? &gt; Average is like 120 now? It's 100. By design.
So it should be very easy to prove that the MAXIMUM IQ for some forces is 90. Considering most recent articles state the average IQ is 98-104, however, I strongly suspect that a maximum of 90 is inaccurate.
Mid-court?
The fighting we are involved with in the Middle East does nothing to protect freedom of speech and expression. In the abstract the US military defends those freedoms. In specific conflicts right now? No.
You can make it both.
You have the right to voice your opinion without interference from the government. You do not have the inalienable right to use a specific private business's platform to spread your message. That is a privilege extended by the business that may be rescinded whenever they feel like it, at which point you have the freedom to search for another platform. I cannot put it any simpler than that.
&gt;but we try and avoid racial slurs You don't try very hard.
All of them. But I wouldn't recommend trying that if you're a new raider. At all.
Here's how the current system reads for lower skilled: don't do Trials at all.
Because it already has the same protection.
I know what he means. He's wrong. To get 1 drop (the 3 win drop) it just takes the weekly bounty completion. He even says: &gt;The ability to go in, lose every match because you aren't great at PvP, and still have something to show for your time invested is what would draw people in. Which is exactly what they're doing with the weekly bounty.
&gt; the poor even moreso. No, the poor are currently getting NOTHING (unless you mean the trials tokens that are disappearing for them on reset). Now they will get a reward from the weekly.
&gt; Winning games 1, 2, 4, and 6 will literally give no rewards now. That's not what it says. Wins still gives tokens. Simply completing a match does not.
Then in what way is it an all-around loss? You just said it's better for them.
Presumably to prevent AFK farming after those lower-skill players finish the weekly. The number of people that are able to get a reward will go up drastically with the new weekly bounty, which would provide more incentive to AFK farm (since the players that can get a reward now will have a lower skill floor and can't just farm wins for tokens). Now, is preventing AFK farming a worthwhile endeavor? Don't know. But that's likely why they're doing it.
That is not at all what it says, man.
I know exactly what he means: that it takes 10 completed bounties to get a drop. But it's wrong. Because the weekly bounty is the 3-win reward. My point is that, as it stands right now, there was NO incentive for lower-skill players to even step foot into Trials. Now, there's an incentive to get the weekly bounty done. There is just not necessarily much incentive for those players to CONTINUE playing after they get the weekly.
Unlike Titan/Warlock, you can't consistently just keep duping. Dunk twice, clear adds (mainly the boomer Knights), dunk twice, clear adds, dunk twice. I used Rat King for healing/invis along with max mobility top-tree Nightstalker w/ Wormhusk Crown (for...healing/invis). Had a sniper for the Knights. Couldn't tell you what heavy I ran.
&gt;If there's no incentive to continue, how is that an incentive for more players to step foot into Trials if the whole point is to get rewards? To get the weekly bounty reward. &gt;completing the weekly bounty doesn't mean anything if you can't use it at all. I have no clue what you mean. The weekly bounty gives the 3-win reward. What is preventing people from using that? Are you under the impression that it just UNLOCKS the engram?
I'm pretty sure you just had no clue that the bounty gave you a 3-win reward and are now just trying to move the goalposts. &gt; Yes you get the 3 win reward, so what? So you got a 3-win reward, which is more than what most casual PvPers get under the current system.
&gt; Not getting tokens on losses to get engrams means that people who struggle to win consistently will stop playing after that bounty is done. Previously those players didn't even have an incentive to play enough to complete that bounty.
Even ignoring the first 20 clears, the odds of NOT having Anarchy at 104 clears once you hit that 50/50 are ASTRONOMICALLY low. Like .00000000000000000000000005% (5.17x10^-27 %). The chance of it taking 104 clears with the current drop rate is .00000017% (with the old 5% drop rate it was 0.5%).
&gt; The weekly bounty doesn't give you a reward, though Wanna bet? Do people actually read the TWAB?
I don't think you realize how out of reach that is for some of the low skill players. With people at my skill, I can string together 5 on a card without a ton of issues. But when I play with some of my more casual friends, I can't carry that. We went 2-18 one week trying to help them (they're 0.9-0.95 K/Ds in QP). Another week was 0-10.
I've used it (did an all-bow run of Garden). It's absolutely terrible for DPS. You're better off with most legendary snipers or any non-machine gun heavy.
Top tree dawn has the best melee in the game and the best movement in the game. The super is alright, which is fair for a subclass that has the best neutral game.
Honestly, Warmind Cells. Those are the best add clear to ever be in the game. They're not going away, but losing Tyrant's Surge all but kills them.
Sorry, I meant regular machine guns (Thunderlord, Fixed Odds, 21% Delirium, etc). Xenophage is great with Hunter or Titan running Actium War Rig.
I literally never said otherwise. If casuals had to choose between loss tokens they'll never be able to turn in and an actual reward but no loss tokens, they're going to take the latter. That was my point the entire time. If you want to specifically talk about loss tokens going away: it's to prevent those casuals from AFK farming those tokens. Is that a good thing? Don't know.
Icarus dash is the fastest movement in the game and will give you first peek on sniper lanes, let you push quicker, chase disengaging enemies before they start getting health back, escape engagements, get room from an ape, etc. It is, bar none, the best movement skill in the game. Celestial fire is an infinite range melee with tracking. That's what makes it the best melee in the game. Didn't even mention that the tree has the best in-air play in the game. Heat rising let's you hit shots from angles that the majority of players won't even be looking at. Top tree dawn has the highest skill ceiling in PvP. Go watch someone like Panduh. Although playtime is a poor proxy for understanding classes, I have about 900 hours on hunter. Warlock is closer to 350.
&gt;I've played a lot of trials, never come across afk farmers. I have, but they're rare because currently the teams that are able to get rewards at all are the teams that actually win games in the first place. There's not much incentive to AFK farming because it's slower than paying normally for them. The teams that will now be relying on the bounty aren't winning games, so AFK farming would be an attractive option. Getting rid of the loss tokens is most likely a pre-emptive move prompted by the change to the reward system. Also, I assumed you were the original guy I was replying to who was under the impression that the weekly just unlocked the engrams, so it was a step back. That's my bad. Bungie's vision for the next iteration Trials seems to be one where everyone can get something, but is only farmable for the higher-skill PvPers. It is what it is. They know it would have more retention if there were loss tokens. But it doesn't fit in with their current design philosophy.
I don't think you realize how small that number is. You're more likely to win the lottery three times in a row. It's functionally 0. Even in just 20 chances it's less than 1 in a million. If 100,000 individual players each did 30 clears, there is a 99.990600442% chance that EVERY SINGLE ONE of them would get it.
I was arguing with people unable to read that you actually get a drop for the weekly bounty and I'm the dense one. Sure. They repeatedly demonstrated that they thought the weekly bounty just unlocked the ability to turn in tokens.
What good PvE stuff is in Trials?
Devil's advocate: it's damn near impossible to go find stuff like that because it would be deleted.
Global Hawk can't have weapons.
The resolution is nowhere near that good, even in broad daylight.
The towers weren't bad until they reworked them right before the Lie quest.
Trench Barrel is pretty garbage at DPS at this point since you have to proc it every 3 shots. It's good at burst damage.
They were updating D1 while developing D2, which is analogous to what he said.
Yes, she did. Clearance is separate from need-to-know. There are three things you need to be authorized to access classified information: appropriate clearance, need-to-know, and an NDA. And even if she had all three, you can't discuss it at your home anyway.
Despite what reddit occasionally tries to claim, the common understanding of that one IS the original. Whoever brings up the blood of the covenant bullshit doesn't know how to fact check.
Umbral engrams that are focused onto armor decrypt at a high power. You can farm that very easily.
Not every one of them seems to do it, but most of mine are still dropping higher.
Should be easy to find one then.
The forge isn't easier. LL just affects your matchmaking (tries to stick you with people around your light). At lower lights, the ONLY people doing it are people AFKing. Also, despite what that guy said, you don't have to have higher level stuff in your inventory. The game knows what your highest gear is regardless of where it is.
If you're completely unable to get it below 750 and don't want to use the script (it is technically bannable as network manipulation, although Bungie has said they don't plan to do anything about it), just LFG for 2 people looking to do the same thing.
&gt; even if they forget to switch equipment At that point you're messing up other people's experiences and I have no sympathy.
What QoL improvements did old Bungie ever do within an individual Halo game?
Before continuing this, I want you to realize that I never said high school ERA was meaningful. I said I would be surprised if there's a notable player that was THAT bad in high school. You've done literally nothing to refute that, instead choosing to try to flex rudimentary scouting knowledge. If you want to argue that amateur ERA doesn't matter, go ahead. I agree. I never said otherwise.
In most situations, Whisper has higher sustained DPS (once you have to shoot more than 7 times with Darci, you're gonna have to reload and Whisper takes over). However, specifically with Insurrection Prime, there are basically 3 short damage phases (no buff, buff, then changed buff) where you're likely going to have to move. If you're using Whisper, that means you'll probably have to proc Whispered Breathing 3 times, which means not shooting for 9 seconds overall. Darci's perk also involves not shooting, but it's only half a second.
You should probably have sympathy for a man that suffered a very painful injury that will hurt his career. Don't have to have sympathy for the team that has to replace him.
&gt; if you dont like animals dying you should go vegan Logically, that statement make sense. If you eat meat, you want animals to die. There's literally no other way to get meat. Being offended doesn't change that fact.
Personal opinion: strikes are just braindead easy. Enemies are patrol area-tier and bosses are melted in seconds. It's just not the content I play Destiny for, so I'd like to get over with as soon as possible.
Charged with Light not going away benefits the player. Witherhoard's boss melt benefits the player. Falling Guillotine's double heavy attack benefits the player. And people just don't list obvious glitches that help the player. Orb duping is obviously unintended. The bubble glitch for insane damage resistance is clearly a bug. Shooting all arrows in Levi gauntlet to make the callout unneeded, forcing enemy respawn on SM in GoS for an easy 0-100 triumph, smoking CM and making him fall for an easy kill in GoS, Colony being able to kill shielded enemies in GoS (and ones that have the wrong buff in Crown), the tank exploit in Scourge (swap before the timer runs out and one-shot phase 1 IP), Thorn can shoot through Taken blights, blocking with sentinel/arcstrider ignoring instant kill mechanics (example: you can keep the buff that lets you hurt Dul Incaru forever by blocking near the end of the timer), sprint-stop for Quickdraw glitch, joining allies to get rid of ionized debuff, etc. I don't feel like listing all of the bugs/exploits that benefit the player. The point is that people don't mention them.
I guess so you can use Undying, Dawn and Worthy mods on a set that can go up to 1260.
Did you try to run a legit forge during that time? Because I was matching with people in the 730s when I was 1020. Matchmaking prioritizes light level, but when SO much of the population is AFKing at low light, it'll still match you with them occasionally. And that's ignoring the fact that plenty of people didn't lower their light.
It would be a bad look for them to come out and say, "but look at all the things we HAVEN'T fixed!"
Pit had too many cheeses. Orb duping took the luster off that solo flawless.
So you didn't do a legit forge, but tried to adamantly claim AFKers didn't affect anything. And the content is dead? Some people are still getting Izanagi's or Jotunn, or Le Monarque, or doing stuff for Blacksmith. All your arguments are very disingenuous. And reporting people doesn't help you finish a forge.
Yeah, I never understood why boss stomp bothers people who are using swords. The fundamental part of using a sword completely negates knock back.
I'll use swords in the encounters where I can because it's efficient but...I hate them. They're just braindead easy to use.
Yeah. They can hold undying mods as well.
I went in at 1020 and still matched with two people at ~730.
It does not. Basically anything that involves consuming currency (glitter in this case) can't be done via the API.
I don't think there's anything as bad as Chamber of Suffering for a Hunter (I did the same thing on my run. Boomer knights destroyed me if I duped), but that was the only difficult part of Pit. Prophecy has more dangerous encounters overall, but free invis negates a lot of the danger. Harder than Pit. Not quite as hard as Shattered Throne.
Stuff like this makes me miss the old stats screens from like... Halo 3. You could go through the tabs and see your match up against each player on the opposing team. Now I don't even get a real K/D at the end of the match.
The encounter is less janky if you just kill them all. Slower, but definitely safer.
Well, hexagons don't have faces.
Hexagons are, by definition, 2D. All polygons are.
They weren't bad right before Shadowkeep. A good Duke would do full damage out to 40m. One with kill clip would 2-tap at 45m.
In geometry, polygons are planar and do not have faces. They can BE faces as part of a polyhedron, but they do not have faces. To have a distinct top and bottom face would mean it would become a hexagonal prism.
But Abby isn't trans.
&gt; The "nerf" that it got basically didn't change anything since precision damage was untouched. Due to the way range works (in addition to drop-off range, it makes aim assist lower and crits MUCH more difficult), the nerf severely magnified Recluse's issues against targets even somewhat far away. Prior to the nerf that was offset by the fact that you essentially had guaranteed crit damage from any range. The old MoA also let you "crit" enemies from any angle (think shooting Vex in the back in GoS, or when Vex crouch, or shooting Shanks, or shooting Servitors from the back) and do "crit" damage to shields. Anybody who thinks the nerf didn't do much to Recluse doesn't understand what made Recluse so amazing. I have a Traveler's Judgment that I prefer for add clear now, and I had somewhere near 40,000 PvE kills with Recluse before the nerf. If Recluse were released in its current state, it wouldn't have anywhere near the usage it currently sees.
&gt; Not sure why they removed auto queue rather than removing rewards from unsuccessful runs. &gt; &gt; Because one was an easy server-side patch that they could push live. The other was in a hot fix. And fixing the Umbral Engrams being powerful was entirely unrelated to AFK farming. That was going to happen even without forge AFKing.
Trout's OPS in 2-strike counts is higher than the league's overall OPS. He is the only player for whom that is true.
More fun w/ Fangraphs' splits: If you give Jason Kubel a 3-0 count, his wRC+ is lower than Trout's overall wRC+.
[Yeah, look at this dude.](https://raid.report/ps/redshadow1985)
&gt; I tend to only play control, Anything works in the chaos that is 6v6. Serious PvP (Trials or sweats) doesn't see near as many damage perks being used. Good pubstomping perks though.
You're missing out. It gets oddly sexual at that point.
Honestly that lore was the best part of that entire DLC.
Yeah, I've LFG'd for probably 50 raids. Of those, there were 2 that we didn't finish. 1 was a time constraint for some of the members, and the other was general group incompetence where I peaced out pretty quickly.
&gt; buff starts everyone talks at once I never understood that. People start calling out their buff and I'm just like...why do I care what buff YOU have? Just go to your spots.
Sword is obviously bad for Gahlran, but shotgun is legit.
That's not true. People were trashing the game WAY before release.
Why do I have to play Iron Banner to get the reward? Why are they forcing me into a specific type of PvP to get something? Why doesn't Bungie just reward me for doing strikes and hanging out in patrol areas?
KWTD isn't elitist. It's just for people who aren't interested in waiting for an explanation each encounter. They're in there to get the raid done. I've done plenty of Sherpa runs, but if I just feel like running a raid, I'm not going to do it the way that takes twice as long.
I'm impressed that taking away Worldline Zero Skating only cost 14 seconds out of a a ~800 second raid. But a lot of the speed strat involves someone being at the next encounter while the other 5 are handling the current encounter, so the time save didn't necessarily come from getting there quickly.
&gt; Resilience as high as possible because I don't like being a squishy boi. &gt; Resilience makes almost no difference whatsoever in PvE. It's the absolute last thing you should prioritize.
&gt; there aren't a lot of overlapping skips/encounters like in GoS There's still overlap in 2 out of the 3 pre-Calus encounters. But yeah, I'm surprised it didn't hurt more.
The most homers in a season by a player who played AT MOST 60 games is 24 by Matt Olson.
&gt; Pit's boss is easier (unless you insta-melt Incaru) But insta-melting Incaru is a breeze. Double Anarchy on the knights, take down Psions. Finish off knights, and then Incaru takes ~20 seconds when you have 3x Finite Thought. That whole encounter is over in 45 seconds.
You wouldn't be able to get into the hallway at all if Toland were still out there.
Swords also work well because they have by far the best DPS in the game.
Instead he's taking half-measures and late measures that make no one happy. Big-brain solutions.
&gt; if you can solo something like whisper Most people can't.
It's not.
Your timeline confuses me. You couldn't even do 99 looted clears of Scourge by the time Opulence came out. You certainly couldn't skip a few seasons before it (since only one season came out after Scourge but before Opulence).
He is not particularly close to that. Hank Aaron, Mel Ott, Roberto Clemente, Larry Walker, Tony Gwynn are above him. And that is a non-exhaustive list.
Its DPS is fine and or doesn't benefit from Divinity more than any other weapon. But using Anarchy is generally better so you can do a lot of passive damage while moving and dealing with other enemies.
Then why would you say no?
The High-Energy Fire part doesn't work for me. Charged with Light is always consumed on kill.
Using different gauntlets worked. That's so weird. EDIT: Hmm...it works sometimes.
