The whole time.
Can confirm Source: from the midwest
&gt;females
Tattoo ink and artist wages are too expensive. Might eat into Pruitt's M&amp;M budget.
[Judah Mannowdog??](https://i.redd.it/o0bfjvhtexdz.jpg)
I mean the best thing to do at this point is to work on that man-bun. See if anyone starts to make connections. Edit: Princess Carolyn even has a similar necklace. Wait, Princess Carolyn?? PC?? How deep does this rabbit hole go??
I'd be on board for the War FOR Immigrants, but miss me with that War ON Immigrants shit
👏BONUS👏DAD
Make American Gulags Again
This is not mature advice, OP. Please do not follow this retaliatory, manipulative, dishonest suggestion. As with all things, OPEN and HONEST communication are the basis of this relationship hurdle. This is game-playing, and super disrespectful.
Some people are asexual and that's okay. Some people are programmed from a young age or suffer trauma that creates an aversion to sex. A good therapist will help you sort out how to process your life no matter what you come in to discuss, and this is no exception. There are several ways to find affordable therapists. Not every therapist is right for every person, of course, as you're trying to build a relationship and establish trust and that has to happen with someone you are comfortable with. [Here's](https://www.buzzfeed.com/annaborges/affordable-therapy) an article detailing several ways to seek out therapy on a budget. Remember: Therapy doesn't mean there's something wrong with you, it just means you're taking the time to make sure you can mentally, socially and emotionally process the more difficult and confusing parts of your life. Remember that different therapists use a range of tools, techniques and forms of therapy, and that one therapist experience will not necessarily resemble another depending on this. Good hunting!
There is never a need to respond to something you don't like in your relationship with sarcastic bullshit. If you don't like it and you can't act like an adult, break it off.
No I believe he means esteemed actor Wimbledon Tennismatch.
In my opinion it comes down to the tone and attitude conveyed by the poster of the original suggestion. I think that it's not appropriate to press demands in a relationship in the way that poster suggested. I think it's disrespectful. Respect isn't about who earns it to me, it's about what you put out there whether or not you agree with someone. Ultimatums tend to be red flags of an impending relationship end anyway. Not always, but it's hard to deny that once two people reach such a point that their bedroom demands devolve into achieving tit-for-tat via retaliatory rejection, particularly in the tone the poster implied, the basic respect aspect of the relationship is starting to dissolve into lawyering and games. Edit: She also says she doesn't understand how he can go down on her either, implying something deeper than any sort of disrespect or dislike for him. And he says she was clearly very in love with her ex, and they're not there yet. I think these points are important to note.
Absolutely. I have this bad habit of offering advice without specifying that I'm not necessarily defending the other party. I can only speak to this guy's concerns, not cast judgments on his lady when I don't know their full story. Both parties are always responsible when it comes to making things like this work. It's not one person over the other. Just another situation where someone comes into r/sex asking for advice when in reality the best advice is open, straightforward, respectful communication. 98% of issues brought up in this sub tend to break down to this. I'm glad we get to have discussions like these. This is a hell of a lot healthier than most dialogues in r/politics. Sex is something that's never going to have one-size-fits-all answers. But relationships tend to have certain golden rules no matter what you're like or whose freak flag you fly.
Have regular stomach issues but if I puke it's always a bug. Got sick as a dog off Taco Bell last week. Tried to clap some TP over my mouth as I was shitting my guts out and managed to spray the entire bathroom with vomit. Would not recommend.
I know my allergies. This was definitely a case of unexpected food poisoning. I've worked food service before, likely something was out of date or didn't get chucked after sitting at RT too long, but I ordered something completely different than anyone else's and everybody got sick before the night was through. One of us flat shit ourselves. Not a fun night.
I'm sorry, no. I won't feel bad that these people are proud that they understand nothing. I won't pity people that see truth before their faces and reflect a lie because someone told them to. "I was just watching Fox News" is the Boomer generation's "I was just following orders." Fuck that weak attempt at shifting culpability. You sat there and questioned nothing. They told you to stop learning, stop feeling, stop seeing, and you said, "Wow, I don't have to do anything but dehumanize other people? Sounds great!" This country is dying, and it's not because of Fox News. Fox News is just the teat at which this lazy, feckless culture nursed.
It is worse than this. When Nazis used the "just following orders" defense, they were working death camps and fearful that they would be killed for their dissent. When Boomers used the "just watching Fox News" defense, they had nothing to lose but their own ignorance. They were at risk of, at worst, looking foolish. Risk of death vs risk of embarrassment. No pity from me.
Some porn literally shows a man sticking his penis back and forth between the two repeatedly. The less experience you have with it, the more normalized that sort of thing becomes to you after a while. I think overcompensating for a lack of experience with blind enthusiasm leads to this more often than not, particularly since men are told culturally that confidence is paramount to sexual chemistry.
Does no one else remember [Hulk's Humps](https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video_thumb/DgJuVaKXUAIup0j.jpg) in Thor: Ragnarok?
He hasn't treated his concussion at all by episode 6. He's got less to work with. Sensitivity to light aside, fatigue, nausea, irritability and sleep disturbances are all concussion symptoms that would hamper him significantly.
I've been using "Baby Gulags" in my circles. It definitely generates a reaction.
The only experience I have with Stormy are her new camming ads that I can only skip after five seconds of trying to figure out which is the lazy nipple.
Bella Bellz. As an ass man, one would think her ample assets, twerking ability and anal capacity would make her a favorite. But homegirl looks meth'd out. Gross. At least with consenting amateurs, there's usually some chemistry, and there's a lower chance of anybody being drugged out of their mind on horse tranquilizers so they can take a 13-inch cudgel for three days' worth of shooting.
Spoilers. A few things: 1. One of the first lines of the season indicates that the grunts stick around to shoot at him even though they know they can't beat him because their employers need to know that they made an effort. 2. The Stylers, and in particular Bushmaster, walked into this with little to no background on Cage and no idea of what his powers are like. Dude got dropped into a river with paralyzing pocket sand in his system and didn't drown. They don't know what's going to work. And Neffew did try. 3. Bushy's first intention was to prove himself better than Cage. A straight up fight is the only way to do that and keep your reputation really. I mean the man disrespected Usain Bolt. Raasclaat. 4. Guns are the Stokes stock and trade up to this point and Mariah's just using the best options that are really available to take care of Cage when she actively wants to fight him (and she's usually smart enough at this point to know that she can't). 5. I mean you can pretty much give any mook a gun. The rest take a little more training and incur a little more risk, not only to your men (costly to replace with trustworthy faces) and to bystanders (increasing your GTA stars pretty much permanently in Harlem).
Ah yes, but you see, if you're a northerner then you have to tolerate people of other skin tones and ideologies. Source: Hoosier born and raised
[George Clinton](https://youtu.be/733O0xJDx8o)
Chris Brown beats women. Still sells out the ass. Maybe more than he used to at this point. It takes literal child rape to get people to turn against their musical idols.
Yeah but you see, 69 said that wasn't rape. Also, we don't know the victim. Nice suburban white girls and boys get a lot more media attention than girls from Harlem. Edit: How do you people read books with satire detection like that?
[Tolerance has logical limits](https://i.redd.it/uedawtfzqbgz.jpg) Edit: [mfw](https://i.imgur.com/Cdhbnah.gif) intolerant people are intolerant of my intolerance of their intolerance
Oh a whataboutism, neat
Hey look an antisemite.
I think part of the answer to the budget concern is a series of DOD audits to trim waste and, most importantly in my opinion, catch out exploitive government contractors. While I support trimming the budget (by a chunk), a lot could be accomplished just by treating the DOD like any other auditable department. While the department is now releasing annual audits as of last year's announcement, I've yet to see how that translates to legislative pressure and ethical contracting practices. I remain hopeful, but wary. What kind of programs would you recommend to grow the economy, outside of UBI?
And a more standard deflection to boot. Are we going to talk about the babies that rely on other children to change their diapers because staff isn't allowed to touch them? Or are we going to bring up ethnonationalism while government officials are carrying out internationally ratified definitions of torture on children?
And, collectively, America has agreed that this was wrong and a tragedy. If you find yourself on the opposite side of an argument as [Dr. Seuss](https://d7hftxdivxxvm.cloudfront.net/?resize_to=width&amp;src=https%3A%2F%2Fartsy-media-uploads.s3.amazonaws.com%2FSOtnsuzk4qED-85h4CG0tg%252Fbb4642496p_2.jpg&amp;width=1200&amp;quality=80), you probably need to [reevaluate](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/8d/1e/86/8d1e8621b9eba3d60f781bc01e95757a.jpg) your [position](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-nAr-7lhscF8/WJqlrQAI0FI/AAAAAAAAJDg/WYt00veUpbYzuy-bwnbXh2-636PZqncKwCLcB/s1600/16114271_10103503899983444_6580484960669952442_n.jpg).
Sorry about that, I forgot I was talking to an antisemite with no personal stake in other people's children. Deflection only works on people angry enough to get distracted. Sorry pookie.
&gt;stop torturing children Sounds like &gt;eliminate borders I can see how you'd fuck that up.
Look, I know you're a troll but I'll just post the internationally ratified definition for other people: &gt;For the purpose of this Convention, the term "torture" means any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him, or a third person, information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting in an official capacity. It does not include pain or suffering arising only from, inherent in, or incidental to, lawful sanctions.
Yep, and Americans torture their fellow Americans. What's wrong is when Americans make excuses for their own bad behavior by pointing fingers and asking why *they* have to do it while *Charlie's* doing it it's not *fair*. American. Exceptionalism. We are exceptional. That means we do things uniquely. Better than other people. We don't make excuses for the types of evil our parents and grandparents and great-grandparents fought in 1940s Europe. We have an obligation to this country's veterans and martyrs for the cause of liberty. We have an obligation to them to stamp out the kind of evil they fought against when we see it on our own soil. And that evil isn't the evil of the impoverished, desperate brown man, nor his wife, *nor especially his children*. It's the evil of the man who would gladly commit genocide. The evil of worshippers of the god of death.
Lel troll harder. Anything to not talk about suffering children that you could do something about today.
Enjoy mining Bitcoin while the world burns.
Cultists need deprogrammed yah
http://i.imgur.com/WYwgGDB.png
Be excellent to each other. And party on, dudes!
Nolanverse Batman un-whitewashing recasts: &gt;Ghassan Massoud as Ra's al Ghul. &gt;Eva Green as Selina Kyle. &gt;Javier Bardem as Bane. &gt;Sofia Boutella as Talia al Ghul.
Constantine
https://youtu.be/jm6T_nUwyaI
I haven't heard anyone talking about Janelle Monáe's "Make Me Feel." That song made me believe Prince was alive and well.
[Network](https://youtu.be/ZwMVMbmQBug)
The People's Champ, of course. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for President
5: Light. Gotta read. Gotta read all the time. 15: Find Familiar. I was a lonely kid. 25: Detect Thoughts. Whatever it takes to get through the interview process.
&gt;Drink tap water Yeah not without getting a hardcore filter first. Have you noticed how [appallingly bad](http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2018/02/millions-americans-drink-potentially-unsafe-tap-water-how-does-your-county-stack) America's water supply is?
Sorry about your downvotes dude. It's unpopular to say because of the movie's cultural significance. But as far as storytelling goes, I have to agree. Young Diana is this spunky, driven, almost kind of angry kid. She's got a sense of who she is and what she wants to do. You immediately want to like her. Then she spends her formative years combat training with Madam President and in that time manages to lose all of her character. She now floats around with a disconnected frown on her face, confused over why her random religious assumptions aren't just presenting themselves to her to be dealt with, and ogling over some fucking whitebread eye candy named Chris. I'm sick to death of the Aryan Chrises of the superhero cinematic multiverse. So far, you've managed to take a strong character, weaken her, cast her as someone who not only doesn't have the build of comics Diana but also doesn't have any real emotional range. Then you make her beholden to a penis with blue eyes. In addition to this, there's a weird sexual tension to the primary antagonists for the first two acts of this story where there needn't be any. Great job on your feminist movie guys. Here's where things might get good: a ragtag supporting cast of characters. Nope. Disney's Atlantis movie made better use of stereotypes to generate interpersonal team-building. Most of these stereotypes are just offensive. Another chance at a saving grace: A complex villain. Nope. "Oh lol I just tell people to build weapons and make them believe it's their idea, they're the ones that use them." That's like an 8th-grader's idea of what Loki would say in a Marvel movie. And then, big boss fight! God of War! This shit should be awesome! Nope, he just throws shit at her until she randomly can just turn his lightning against him and make him blow up. Like, what?? Wonder Woman was the Hillary Clinton of superhero films. An important pioneer but not an example of a perfect candidate.
Also using 70s comic portrayals to forgive their casting a model, rather than something more [modern](https://www.writeups.org/wp-content/uploads/Wonder-Woman-DC-Comics-Gail-Simone-Diana-Themyscira.jpg) that shows off her guns. It's okay. It's movies. People can disagree. I just have a different idea of what would make the DCCU good than other folks.
Trump would rather have hookers pee on something of Obama's than use it himself.
Oh wow hey look Wonder Woman looks like Gal Gadot now that artists have been modeling the character after her wow Why do you feel so personally attacked over movie opinions bruh? I already said my thoughts weren't popular opinion.
She's a woman. She's a person of color. She's working class. Everything they fear and more.
I'm talking about the donor class, not average constituents.
https://suicideprevention.ca/need-help/ Don't know how serious you are, but for anyone in Canada experiencing the overwhelming emotions associated with the fall of Western democracy, please reach out and talk to someone. Your life and your voice matter.
So you're going to sign up to be the State Necrophiliac in this twisted sex fantasy world you've created for yourself?
Please seek out a psychologist and talk to them about these thoughts.
Please do.
Thoughts of sexual violence and the defiling of dead bodies are indicators that you may have serious psychological issues and should receive professional help.
I'm a microbiologist, so to illustrate my point, I'll use the metaphor of people as individual cells in the larger human organism. Social constructs, including corporations and sociopolitical apparati can effectively be described as organs, specialized in carrying out tasks that keep the organism functioning -- efficient transport of materials, environmental checks and balances, essentially driving the main functions of the larger organism. Intolerant ideology, in this metaphor, is akin to faulty DNA. It disrupts the natural order of the internal system as follows: 1. Germinates in parent cells and begins replicating freely in homogenous clusters. In real life, this occurs through memetic infection, rather than mutation. 2. Avoids detection because externally, the cells have the correct surface proteins and pass visual inspection. In real life, this occurs usually as a result of intolerant groups being part of the cultural majority. A minority can still cause local damage, but we're talking carcinoma vs. leukemia here. 3. These cells are now programmed to replicate freely with no consequence, squeezing out resources intended for other cells. They impair and weaken the integrity of the organ of which they are a part, eventually leading to that organ's collapse. 4. Metastasization. These cells break off and begin repeating the same process in other parts of the body, impairing more vital body processes and risking eventual death of the host. When it comes to your examples, I think it's important to note the difference between vocal opposition and effective change to the system. There are already functions in place to prevent violence and apprehend violent criminals. The problem, particularly in American culture at this point in time, is that the authorities, the "T Cells" whose role is to locate and destroy cancer cells, have [already been infiltrated](https://www.smh.com.au/world/north-america/in-the-us-white-supremacists-have-infiltrated-police-and-military-to-get-weapons-training-20180209-p4yzs5.html) by the [cancerous cells](https://theintercept.com/2017/01/31/the-fbi-has-quietly-investigated-white-supremacist-infiltration-of-law-enforcement/) we've already discussed. The problem with this is, you guessed it, the longer the intolerant ideology is allowed to replicate within law enforcement and lawmaking organs of the system, the worse it's going to get as they choke out other resources in order to promote their homogenous, harmful ideology.
Thanks for seeking it out! Happy travels.
They just started learnin bro chill 😂
Don't be an anti-Samite, you seersucker
I think V for Vendetta gave her the opportunity to use her favorite [face](http://i.imgur.com/q53fr.gif) during dramatic moments long enough to ignore her against Hugo's significantly more charismatic performance. She even blends into the scenery in her scenes with Stephen Fry. I honestly think her everywoman appeal is what keeps landing her these roles, not any sort of talent.
There are plenty of actors that do that, to be fair. Jack Nicholson Jason Statham Jim Carrey Michelle Rodríguez Will Smith Helena Bonham Carter Robin Williams (pbuh) I could go on.
So Natalie Portman is a blank canvas? I buy this 🤔
Family Video got them free kids' movies tho 👌
Oh shit this isn't misinformation. [Immigrant Detainees Claim They Were Forced to Clean Bathrooms to Pay for Their Own Toilet Paper](https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2018/04/immigrant-detainees-claim-they-were-forced-to-clean-bathrooms-to-pay-for-their-own-toilet-paper/)
He said comedians.
Wait your dicks don't drip? 🤔
[Time: The Trump Administration Has Lost Track of Nearly 1,500 Migrant Children](http://time.com/5401852/trump-administration-migrant-children-lost/) Edit: And the [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/1475-immigrant-children-missing/)
It's easy to assume if you can't Google it you're not being very sincere or acting in good faith. It's not your fault, it's just what Reddit is used to when dealing with troll farms.
Wouldn't "FREEZE, ASSHOLE" work just fine?
Su-su-sussudio
Every time you call a woman a bitch, an incel gets its wings
It's honestly truly a shame, Odinism could be a beautiful philosophy if it adhered to its roots. Instead it's the new KKK hood. Makes me sick.
That too
I mean, if you read what they have to say, they're not wrong. Right-wing governments are palling up hard. Putin and MBS had some fucking secret handshake shit going on ffs. Trump wanted to build Putin a penthouse. This is some serious Axis of Evil shit. Not a bad idea to start stepping up to the plate as the Allies again.
PoppinKREAM 4 Prez
No, this is Patrick
Yeah, r/Chicago has its fair share, but what would you expect from Illinois Nazis
Rahm is one of the most short-sighted elected Democrats I've ever seen. And really, Chicago elected him because he had the Obama factor.
r/curseddoggos
Human/Pokemon sexual relations. With that rating there's no WAY they'd avoid it.
Merry Krampmas
Can confirm. Started out a caffeine hound since childhood. I have been 99% water-drinking for 8 years. I'm still a tubber because I haven't successfully subjugated my own will to continue eating forever and always, but drinking water was an IMMEDIATE shift at each scaling step. My flow was Mountain Dew --&gt; Pepsi --&gt; Cherry 7-Up --&gt; Kool-Aid --&gt; Crystal Light (imo the hardest step) --&gt; Water. I ended up losing 30 pounds in a year with no other diet changes. I still occasionally go for a root beer or something, alcohol once or twice a month at the most, but other than that I'm totally fine with the water. Protip: Throw some lemon juice in that bitch.
Oof ouch owie my patriotism
Sleep more than you learn. Learn more than you party. Party as much as you can. Know your limits.
But where is the lie
I read a book about this once and the answer is suit made of cockroaches
Just cause a few windows busted out ain't mean nobody live there Stay safe
"Kick me again shawty I dare u"
I'M NOT CRYING YOU'RE CRYING
This is the only correct answer. One of those battery-operated handhelds from theme parks are the easiest for table play.
This is a good thing. Democrats coming together. Divided we fall.
Pokemon, so that we would be advanced enough by now to have a proper open-world rpg.
Cards Against Humanity Loaded Questions Oversized Jenga
4-6 is the most convenient, otherwise it becomes a bit of a guessing game. Or, more of a guessing game, I guess. The Metagame is great for huge groups if that's your issue. CAH is good for groups of any size too, but best with as many expansions as possible.
The House on the Rock in Wisconsin. Picture if that serial killer from Chicago had unlimited funds to build a museum inside a mountain.
Lik dis if u cry everTim
I'm having a hard time liking PF2 but this is a really elegant solution.
Nice try, Mister Four-Chan, but you're not hacking my Social Security anytime soon!
Moving a couch.
Listen to music. Dance. Sing.
See a doctor, preferably an OB/GYN but at least your primary care, and try and find out more about what's going on under the hood. Vaginismus is way more common than people think it is, and it's treatable.
Petty theft and autism go hand in pants I mean hand
Childs was assimilated by the Thing.
It wasn't me, it was a spooky ghost!
As technology improved, so too did our eyes, and we can now discern the pixels more clearly from having seen quite a few shops in our time.
How far have you run for your life while swinging 5lb of solid iron? Humans are really efficient endurance runners, and the lower encumbrance we have, the further we can outpace aggressors or prey.
Let me put it to you this way -- your boyfriend already does, and he doesn't have a tenth the training or patience a gyn would have. If a gyn can ascertain a problem like vaginismus, the subsequent treatment could mean a PAIN FREE SEX LIFE for you. I would definitely encourage you to open up to your partner about this, and/or a supportive and non-judgmental family member. You shouldn't feel like you can't go to the doctor if you know something's wrong, and you shouldn't feel alone in dealing with it. And you do, to both of those, or you wouldn't be posting on Reddit about it.
Try r/learn_arabic, someone in there might be able to take a stab at it
Think about it -- if there was no water, we'd have nothing to drink!
My aunt hadn't been able to sleep for more than an hour or two a night for two months. It was seriously affecting her. She was used to little sleep, but this was beyond the pale. No medication changes, no diet changes, we couldn't figure out what was going on. Melatonin didn't work. Trazodone didn't work. Borrowed Ambien worked a little but left her groggy. One dose of CBN in pill form knocked her out gently, got her a good night's rest and reset her circadian rhythm. Would recommend.
Hi dieing I'm Dad
Seconding L'Orange, I know multiple people for which it's a favorite.
*record scratch*
r/whoosh
OMG ur so smrt
"Soon, the city will be mine, and Vigo's... Mainly Vigo's."
How do you make those heavy apostrophes
Why give him more of what he craves?
It's okay he was just talking to Mom and Google overheard
Yes, but they didn't have to kill mass transit to do so. We could have a killer rail system if we wanted to. Edit: [Mfw](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/51b3dc8ee4b051b96ceb10de/t/5b849820c2241be8ac87a967/1535416354854/?format=2500w) I start a shitstorm in the comments
Infrastructure spending pays for itself and then some.
[STUDY: Every $1 Of Infrastructure Spending Boosts The Economy By $2](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/infrastructure-economic-multiplier-2012-11)
For a country this large, [Why so little high-speed rail tho?](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-speed_rail_in_the_United_States)
It's not cheap because commuter rail isn't properly subsidized. It's not cheap enough, so incentives aren't there to improve it in the private sector, so it's not cheap enough. Vicious cycle.
[This video on small talk may interest you](https://youtu.be/SrK5NAgw_g4)
You should do a TEDtalk.
[Female-perspective citation needed]
Doesn't it seem like an effective Solution though?
It might be an effective *Final Solution* though OMG I'm handing you this one step up to the tee
The people who conspired to influence the election want us to squabble over why the opposite party is to blame. All the voters got fucked. Ffs.
This reminds me of a cross between Jaws and Kid Vid from the old [BK Kids Club](https://i.redd.it/epktrrr2yuf01.jpg)
Videodrome vibes
Streets ahead Edit: Someone's streets behind
This was a specific THAT player problem though. The guy that goes for TPK every session as DM. The guy that literally ONLY plays his edgy evil necromancer character. The guy that spends half an hour wheedling to try and harvest poison and skulls from every creature they encounter. The level of egotism and hypocrisy on this guy was incredible and his actions convinced multiple people to leave the group out of discomfort.
TO SQUIRT IS TO HURT \#ibdlife
So does the Cleric kthxbye
The point of white privilege is that you never had to struggle *as a result of your race.* Edit: I've thought about it, and I can see how this could be ambiguous. Let me revise. White privilege is a confusing term because what it necessarily implies is an absence. It's not implying that white people gained anything or were awarded some incredible cash and prizes by being white, and it's *also* not implying that by being white you and yours are somehow personally responsible for slavery or some such nonsense. Rather, white privilege is a description of a level of suffering that races other than white people endured primarily at the hands of white people. These abuses served to, in the long term, transfer wealth into white communities at the expense of non-white labor. These abuses served to, in the long term, ensure political representation was always a catch-up game for anyone non-white. In many cases, actual genocide occurred. We don't see too many systemic cases of this happening to fair-skinned folk at the hands of other dark-skinned folk, historically. Certainly not in recent history. I hope this helps to clarify my statement.
I'm not claiming I'm African American ya dingus
Ya fuckin stupid boy You literally don't understand the difference between "My family anecdotally worked hard to get here" and "my family was enslaved for years by rich whites" I posted more shit below if you want to go down the rabbit hole
I'm 👏 not 👏 black 👏 I defined white privilege as not suffering as part of your race. Not once in your rambling, anecdotal reply did you mention how your family got persecuted because of their race. Not only that, but you brought up pre-TR Democrats which did NOT remotely have the same policies or financial backers as the parties of today. The Democrats and Republicans largely flipped voting populations by FDR's term. So ya double stupid.
If you need a safe space where your beliefs aren't challenged, there's a pretty popular echo chamber subreddit for you.
"Any man who must say, 'I am the king' is no true king." - Big Daddy TL
To be fair, Louis XIII kind of fucked over Anne of Austria, who by all rights should have remained the sole Regent upon his death. Not saying Baby XIV wouldn't eventually gain the crown, but the initial process of his succession was fucky and I would therefore dispute the claim "as true a king as there ever was." Respectfully.
If you don't start calling your eventual creation Pho Guy's Burgers and Fries I will be sorely disappointed.
&gt;to make schools in Chicago some of the best Roflmao
That would imply some semblance of self-reflection.
CPS is a fucking *disaster.* Parents are spending well over half of their paycheck to enroll their kids in private school to make sure they don't get the CPS treatment. There are also massive corruption problems in CPS. Don't blame Chicagoans for wanting to improve their schools, because they actively suck donkey dick. You want to talk poverty, let's talk about the institutionalized poverty of a broken public school system that is literally 10% white, with 80% of kids being considered economically disadvantaged, while their rich, primarily white peers continue to be enrolled in private schools. The problem isn't Chicago, it's rich white people like Betsy DeVos happy to dismantle public school systems to prop up for-profit schools.
Deep cut bro
It also ensures whoever's guts you're getting in is nasty enough to appreciate that phrase I guess 🤷
Damn OP way to take critique
NSFW doesn't imply no nip or genitalia. It implies something that wouldn't get you in trouble with HR if you clicked on it accidentally in front of your boss. This would. Blame work culture, not your audience.
So why post something disingenuous to the character? I as the viewer get literally nothing about her out of this other than her race and the fact that sHe ThIcC
Needs more F R I E D E X T R A C R I S P Y
You have seriously pissed some people off with this very 👌 post. I don't know how you do what you do, but I like it.
I hope not
Is this post part of a required essay because that's some wordcount padding brother
When this was posted in another thread, I recounted a tale of a guy refusing to put his phone away "because work might call" and then sharing drag queen music videos with the other players during active RP. I wanted to give him the Viserys treatment.
Since you like my style, let me recommend adding Worcestershire and finely-chopped onion/bacon mix to your burger sometime.
Well said
Electoral fraud?
I just think Greg's personal experience, which is always very limited when it comes to Gem life, would be rooted in his first experience, with Pearl's clear jealousy and fairly obvious sexual gratification in fusion. He tried it with Rose as a romantic gesture, mostly because Greg is pretty white knight. Not that that's a bad thing ("Ugh, women are people, Marty"). But at the end of the day, I would expect Greg to associate fusion with romance in one form or another, especially considering the kids are about the right age for that kind of talk. I definitely think he'd want to consult the Gems on Gem Stuff at the very least. Sure, he's dealt with fusion before, but not like Stevonnie. Or maybe I'm just trying too hard to get into the character's head 😂
Fake: ...and everyone clapped ✔️ Gay: OP gave up pussy ✔️
So she gives *wholesome* forced handjobs to dying men?
r/noisygifs Alternatively, r/instantbarbarians
You look like a Matrix Reloaded extra lmao Not *necessarily* a bad thing?
Boobs, Bosoms &amp; Titties
It's the best when they literally don't believe you. "That doesn't sound right" it's not right bitch you should have voted better
&gt;dumb comments # &gt;**sense** roflmao
This thread brought to you by AliExpress^©
Surprise, it's actually Skyrim in a MegaMan engine Thank you based Todd Howard
This is how I imagine BBQ Becky sounds.
Great analysis Oh wait I mean anecdote
Yes, but the OP he was responding to didn't bother to assert "I'm right you're wrong" like a third grader.
Only chocolate terrorism, vanilla gets a pass for muh mental health
Oh good, I thought maybe the troll farms had abandoned this strategy. Sowing division is smarter when it comes from a place of "genuine" concern.
B-baka!
Tsundere demon is best demon
I prefer "Belowlevard" myself
thank mr skeltal
We are all victims of causality
There was a recent post converting regular phrases into "Gen Z" phrases. It reminded people of "oof" and "big oof" and so forth and people identify with oof.
[Why](https://youtu.be/r3hTwsvJV_A)
RIP your eyes buddy
*slaps roof of GOP* This bad boy can fit so much fucking kompromat in it
Getting from the pitcher's mound to the outfield in a half-second might be a challenge for low-energy presidents, but he has the best legs, believe me folks
Found DJ Khaled's account
We are all victims of causality
He wants the Aryan ambassadorial version of Gaddafi's [Amazonian Guard](https://media.pri.org/s3fs-public/styles/story_main/public/gaddafi_bodyguards-2-2011-3-14.jpg?itok=SspPHe2p) Edit: I'm giving him too much credit, he wants The Price Is Right models
How much fuel can you get out of a seal? Is it enough to get you to Timmy's and back? Edit: This makes me want a subreddit where we talk about Canada like it's another planet
Just follow the Cruz Rule: If it's brown, outta town. If it's white, join the Right.
Can't we just go back to tarring and feathering? That would be so rewarding to watch.
I love you
But aren't these 250-year-old conventions immutable and perfect? Aren't we as a nation supposed to only examine things from the perspective of people with wooden teeth and muskets?
It's Prussia, right? Prussia. That sounds right.
HOL UP
OP specified elsewhere that there was, in fact, sexual stuff.
If kids can't reasonably consent to sex, and parents are exposing their sexual organs to kids, then kids can't reasonably consent to that either.
I'm really sorry that happened to you.
I hope she also says, "Yes, YES!" like a supervillain as she does.
This is unholy
Well we can rule out America as a country of origin here
Breturn
Work culture, healthcare tied to employment, the vastness of the United States and the hurdles that creates in organized mobilization, and the fact that most people have less than $5K in savings. Also, getting arrested could literally fuck your career for good.
Lol they basically had to adopt 70% of Bernie's platform in the last two years to stay relevant among non-septuagenarian Democratic voters.
How could I forget
Sounds like somebody doesn't know how to properly wield a whip sword
What do you mean parody DBZA is canon af
&gt;"The election was influenced majorly by a foreign enemy government and a conspiracy to steal the presidency was carried out" Also &gt;"It's the fault of the candidates/voters" Pick one guys. We all got fucked. Every man, woman and child got fucked and the people that orchestrated this coup in the first place are laughing at us pointing our blame at each other.
Throw some ethics in there too
Checks a lot of boxes.
Gay frog serum
You know it's funny because they spend eight minutes and a musical number on the same gag
Spidey has been doing this for years homie
Nuke it from orbit. It's the only way to be sure.
Not by a Jedi
&gt;"I alone can fix it"
&gt;treasure planet Wrong Disney property
r/forbiddensnacks
And if you look closely here, you can see projection in its natural habitat.
Whatever happened to shoe on head? We don't need another form of verification, we have already reached the zenith!
What a completely expected tragedy
It's a cross between pandering and cantering. It's all about the lingo with these bronies.
&gt;fills the horse's hole
Maybe if Florida stopped stealing elections God would stop sending the hurricanes 🤷
-- Native Americans, c. 1550
Mikey Ten-Zaps and Mother know a great way to fix that little behavioral problem ⚡🤯⚡
Stop injecting
Where we're going, you won't need context 😎
Unfortunately the core tenet of democracy is inclusion. They get a voice. They just also set themselves up for punches they did Nazi coming.
1 person 1 vote 1 Nazi 1 ass-kicking These are not mutually exclusive
doot doot
covfefe
When u nut and she keep sucking
wHo Is ThIs **FoUr ChAn**?
*cries in Net Neutrality*
Thanks for the advice, homie. I'll take it under advisement.
I'll be putting the move itself on the credit card and I'll have to wait for it to be reimbursed. This doesn't include any post-move expenses, including food, transit, any hidden utility deposits, renter's insurance (required), any amount I'll have to pay exceeding the cost of the relocation bonus. I'm poor with educational and medical debt, and it's forced me to be very careful about accruing any debt at all in excess of what I already have. Hence why I'm in this subreddit, and not r/personalfinance.
Thank you for your advice.
I would have no problem with an RV. There are so many RVs around me. But no, I don't know anyone who owns one unfortunately. Thank you again, I appreciate your input.
Thank you for your advice.
*palates
Canvassing in Iowa was my favorite part of the 2016 campaign. That's when we were down double digits in the polls. Now we're neck-and-neck for the lead. I'm signed up and ready to make this thing happen.
Seriously, the ground game is insane this time around! It's going to be a busy month.
Here's the breakdown: 1. Single-payer means that there is one buyer of healthcare overall, the government. Because it is a system that includes everyone, we can negotiate the best rates from healthcare providers through this largest-possible risk pool. In its current iteration, our healthcare system allows the healthiest to opt out, raising prices for everyone. 2. The government would be the insurer. That eliminates your concern from 2.5, as I understand it. 3. Sanders has put out a number of proposals to fund Medicare-for-all, from Sanders' own website: * Creating a 4% income-based premium, exempting the first $29,000 for a family of 4 * Imposing a 7.5% income-based premium paid by employers, exempting the first $2 million in payroll to protect small businesses * Making the federal income tax more progressive (more brackets, higher marginal tax rate), like it was in the mid-20th century. * Making the estate tax more progressive, including a 77% top rate on inheritances over $1 billion * Establishing an extreme wealth tax * Closing the Gingrich-Edwards tax evasion Loophole * Imposing a fee on large financial institutions * Repealing corporate accounting gimmicks 3.5. The 4% premium would take over all of your current medical expenses. That includes co-pays, deductibles and premiums. Sanders' M4A bill also includes language capping prescription medicines at $200 a year. This plan includes dental, vision, mental health services, inpatient and outpatient services, and greatly expands access to care for the elderly, disabled and impoverished who struggle to make it to their appointments. All of this, AND it allows you to pick your doctors without worrying about coverage. Once your employer no longer has to compete with other employers when it comes to providing health insurance for its employees, you should actually see your overall compensation go up to, well, compensate. &amp;#x200B; I hope this helped! &amp;#x200B; To address questions you had to another user: 1. The fact is, most people do not have jobs that pay their health insurance 100%. That is a huge benefit your company has over other companies, one that would vanish under an M4A system. While most people who pay premiums would be saving money, employers like yours would have to scramble to find other ways to keep their employees happy if they want to retain them. That's just how the business contract works both ways. 2. Thankfully, Sanders is a smart guy who recognizes that there needs to be intersectionality in his policy proposals. That's why he's invested in a jobs program that would put a massive focus on training healthcare workers, teachers and green energy sector jobs. In addition, we can put more doctors in our hospitals by eliminating college tuition, expanding grant access to non-tuition fees, and overall reducing the economic barriers to entry for doctors. The M4A plan puts a big focus on home healthcare services, and that frees up beds in hospitals to prevent overcrowding. There are a lot of moving parts to Sanders' policy, and that's what makes it so strong.
Happy to help. Please let me know if you have more questions, and I'll try to address them as best I can.
My concern is twofold: 1. How are landlords not going to take this as an opportunity to increase rent across the board? 2. Why in God's name does he think a VAT, a regressive tax, is the right way to go? It's a broad-base tax which is good for generating revenue, but it hurts the working-class the most.
Downballot races are vitally important, especially in the Senate right now! Without the support of progressive candidates at all levels of government, Bernie's ideals will not be enacted. Europeans are better off volunteering for the campaign, which is incredibly valuable, while donations from non-Americans are a no-no.
I canvassed for the campaign in Iowa in 2016 and it was one of the best experiences of my political life. As someone with social anxiety, I expected to fumble my words and stumble into loud arguments with hostile folks. Turns out, Iowans are used to the door knocking and are some great listeners. If you can listen to them too, make them feel heard, you've got a good chance of making an impression.
My guess is the latter. Clicks are king.
"He's a millionaire!" -- Billionaire
He wants to make the claim, he has to stand by it.
Cool. So a watered down, more expensive version of Sanders' healthcare proposal. And a climate plan with a GPA of 3.3 to Sanders' 4.0 with Greenpeace.
I did, but now I'm an angry socialist hell-bent on destroying America as we know it. Would not recommend to those with high blood pressure.
Truthfully, I would prefer for Warren's numbers to be below the viability threshold so that Bernie could bleed more support and delegates from her, but I'll take it! Edit: You know, guys, I've thought about this comment and have a few more thoughts. This is probably being discussed elsewhere, but a good chunk of Biden's support might actually shift to Buttigieg if he fails to meet the threshold, which could really play out in surprising ways with all of the undecided voters on the fence. Now I'm picturing a two-way horserace between Sanders and Buttigieg, which would awaken/reignite a bunch of new arguments that might sway southern states one way or the other. Sanders has PoC support, but Buttigieg has middle-class appeal. Sanders is a sOcIaLiSt, but Buttigieg is a gay man. I don't know (sorry Buttigieg supporters, I really don't know because I haven't seen the data) how the South would respond to a gay president. Would be a fascinating dark horse to watch that I never actually considered. As other people have mentioned, Sanders is number 2 for a lot of Biden voters, so a Biden threshold failure would likely be a gain for Sanders. That being said, Warren is second in CA right now. A Sanders vs. Warren race sounds delicious, but if I'm being honest, I don't want to compete with Warren's supporters that badly. I have a crush on her agenda, it's just not my soulmate agenda. I'd hate to alienate like-minded people during a contentious progressive primary. I want to say Steyer and Bloomberg don't have the staying power, but they have the spending power. It would be a great talking point for Bernie if it shapes up to be him vs. either of the other candidates in later states. Bernie vs. the Billionaires. Would really drive home the point. My mind is awash with the possibilities of anything but a Bernie-Biden primary.
It felt like I was reading word salad there. Like everything made some semblance of sense, but it wasn't actually asking anything.
Glad to have you along! :D
I'm just a human like you.
Utah underpolled him by 28 points. Michigan underpolled him by nearly 13. Sanders overperformed polls in IA, NH, OK, OH, WI, PA and NC as well, by lesser amounts.
Thanks for ignoring my post entirely!
If you look at the census data you'll find that Vermont, the people that Bernie represent in Congress, is a very white state. 1.4% black. It's almost like you have to pick issues important to your constituency 🤔
&gt; Best friends &gt; Picked to balance the ticket to appease old white conservative Democrat voters These are not the same thing.
Good point!
He's buying an election like the last billionaire we elected, who, it turns out, couldn't be trusted at his word and ended up enriching himself at the expense of American taxpayers. Running the country like a business, so to speak.
Centrism doesn't win elections. You haven't learned from 2016 (HRC), 2008 (HRC), 2004 (Kerry), and 2000 (Gore vs Bradley, which a lot of people forget about). The last centrist (at least compared to his opponent) to win both the Dem primary and the presidential race was Bill Clinton, who ran against total weirdos in both 1992 (Tsongas, another centrist, and Brown, who had very right wing proposals) and in 1996 (Lyndon LaRouche, anyone?). Add to this that younger generations are getting more and more left-leaning than their parents, and you have a train wreck in slow motion for Democratic centrists.
The point is that centrists haven't reliably "decided the election" for over 20 years.
Candidate Obama ran to the left of Hillary and won. Edit: Hillary AND Kerry.
Obama won vs. Hillary Clinton and John Kerry, who ran to the right of him. You're right about the 2018 midterms. But that's very different from what we're talking about, which is the presidential race. Edit: [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/enrli3/the_2018_small_donor_boom_was_drowned_out_by_big/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share) might have something or other to do with that moderate boom in 2018.
His platform included a universal healthcare proposal. I know it was a few years ago, but that was a big deal at the time.
I do. Can you bring some facts to bear on how centrists have elected the president? Because national voting is a different arena than voting for your local congressperson and the data seems to back that up. A centrist hasn't won the presidential race for over 20 years and if you want to argue with that, I don't know where we go from here.
I'm just going off Wikipedia here, but it seems the hedge fund Steyer manages invested in quite a bit of private prison stock as recently as 2016. He advocates for alternative energy but still profits off of coal mines. Also from Wiki: &gt;Steyer was known for taking high risks on distressed assets within volatile markets. I don't like that, personally.
That's because politics trend leftward over time, dearie.
I see a lot of people in other threads making the argument that moderates decide elections. Or, at least they did in 2018. One might have something to do with the other, methinks.
What the blooming onion does "central to" a candidate mean? He ran to the left of Hillary in the primary and to the left of McCain in the general.
And had no one running to his left. He was the leftmost candidate, or tied for. This should be easy to grasp.
[FiveThirtyEight: The Moderate Middle is a Myth](https://www.google.com/amp/s/fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-moderate-middle-is-a-myth/amp/) You'll notice in the graphs that independent voters cluster left.
Policies that help working class people and reduce despair, one would think. That the average person would see a quality of life improvement from. But who could espouse such a platform, and have a history of backing up words with action, and have a history of working with Republicans on bipartisan issues like healthcare or peace-aligned foreign policy? Who, I ask?
Oh good, a DailyCaller article to downvote
That's why drawing in low-turnout and first-time voters who are newly engaged in the political process is a winning strategy.
Yes, that is the plan.
I'm glad it's me who's dumb. It would be really embarrassing if it were any other way.
[Whoops, dropped this](https://berniesanders.com/issues/empower-puerto-rico/)
From Wikipedia: "The Daily Caller has frequently published false stories. The website publishes articles that dispute the scientific consensus on climate change. The website has published articles by white supremacists, such as Jason Kessler and Peter Brimelow. Scott Greer was The Daily Caller's deputy editor until 2018, when it was revealed that he published articles espousing white nationalist, racist anti-black and antisemitic views under a pseudonym in white supremacist publications."
Neutral source for literally any of this bullshit
There's a "read more" button under every bullet list with the full context of each proposal behind it. The Green New Deal page is ridiculously long, for example, but so is the legislation it's a part of.
They're the bellwether of the nation. The momentum gained by Iowa's winner in terms of perceived electability, combined with Iowa's reputation for selecting the most likely candidate by the end of the race, means it's a big deal who wins that race in particular.
Are you going to BernieSanders.com? The details sections are, for the most part, ludicrously long, I'm looking at them right now.
Precisely.
[Here's](https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/summary-of-the-wall-street-reform-bill) Bernie's 2010 bill for this purpose.
He could be a billionaire and fundraise like a normal candidate. Or he could use his own money to fund his exposure. One passes the smell test and the other doesn't.
[Reuters: Bernie Sanders proposes canceling $81 billion U.S. medical debt](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-sanders-idUSKCN1VL0QL)
A VAT is a regressive tax that puts the burden of taxation on those that actually spend their wealth, like the middle class, not those that hoard wealth. It's a broad tax, but it's redistributing primarily from upper middle class to lower, leaving those that make bank off of stocks, bonds and interest high and dry.
It's the year 2016. Hillary Clinton runs to the right of Bernie Sanders in the primaries and loses the general. It's the year 2008. Barack Obama runs to the left of Hillary Clinton in the primaries and wins the general. It's the year 2004. John Kerry runs to the right of Al Gore in the primaries and loses the general. It's the year 2000. Al Gore runs to the right of Bill Bradley in the primaries and loses the general. It's the year 1992. Bill Clinton runs to the left of Paul Tsongas and simultaneously to the left AND right of oddball candidate Jerry Brown. He wins the general. It's the year 1988. Michael Dukakis runs to the right of Jesse Jackson and Al Gore, wins the primaries, loses the general. Democratic centrists, unless they're running against other centrists, depress turnout on the left and fail to clinch the nom. At least in modern history.
Has Andrew come out with the actual numbers for what the VAT will actually look like for what products? I was told by a staffer that it fluctuated higher or lower depending on the good.
To be fair to Yang, he also advocates for M4A.
I definitely have tried to get more info but even the campaign seems to not know. For what it's worth, Yang is my #3 candidate, I just don't think his ideas have been workshopped enough for my liking.
Any candidate touting M4A gets serious consideration from me. It's one of three big platform points on his website. I'll take it over doublespeak-as-fuck "Medicare For All Who Want It"
His website disagrees? I'm confused on this point.
[FiveThirtyEight: The Moderate Middle is a Myth](https://www.google.com/amp/s/fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-moderate-middle-is-a-myth/amp/) You'll notice in the graphs that independent voters cluster left. The data does not back up what you are saying, unfortunately.
Just go back to the days the League of Women Voters ran debates. They asked hard questions while focusing on policy and electability and not gossip.
Not if CNN has anything to say about it. Ratings. Gold.
They ran the initial story a day before the debate. They hosted the debate. They released the audio. They want this feud to happen.
I mean, some people aren't as scorched-earth with each other as Redditors can be. I like Liz's ideas better than anyone else on that stage outside Bernie. She's a strong candidate and this is a fucked up game she has to play. I don't imagine she expected to be playing it when she was teaching bankruptcy law. I'm still voting Bernie, but this shouldn't be used as a cudgel against her. CNN saw their opportunity and they took it.
Yang is my number three contender, but he came into this with absolutely no exposure. He should be thrilled that he placed the way he did among a crowded Democratic field. He should be thrilled anyone paid the attention they did to him. He got his ideas to be talked about in the mainstream. He has a long career ahead of him. He hasn't played the race card like people have done on his behalf, but the victim mentality doesn't fit how far he's come for such a relative nobody on stage.
My electability argument: &gt;It's the year 2016. Hillary Clinton runs to the right of Bernie Sanders in the primaries and loses the general. &gt;It's the year 2008. Barack Obama runs to the left of Hillary Clinton in the primaries and wins the general. &gt;It's the year 2004. John Kerry runs to the right of Al Gore in the primaries and loses the general. &gt;It's the year 2000. Al Gore runs to the right of Bill Bradley in the primaries and loses the general. &gt;It's the year 1992. Bill Clinton runs to the left of Paul Tsongas and simultaneously to the left AND right of oddball candidate Jerry Brown. He wins the general. &gt;It's the year 1988. Michael Dukakis runs to the right of Jesse Jackson and Al Gore, wins the primaries, loses the general. &gt;Democratic centrists, unless they're running against other centrists, depress turnout on the left and fail to clinch the nom. At least in modern history.
I'd be on board for Tammy Duckworth
Haha holy shit this network is a joke
It means we have more states to work hard in. We can't get complacent no matter how far ahead we seem. We are fighting an uphill battle.
FTA: &gt;In the Democratic primaries, only one candidate has deliberately chosen to use “working class” over “middle class.” Not surprisingly, that candidate is Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Yes, Uncle Joe, alienate female voters some more. Please.
Social media is cancer. Don't focus on arguing. Plenty of people on the internet are doing it to get a rise. Focus on being a great representative of the campaign and what it stands for.
&gt;Two-tier system &gt;Poor people shunted into government system and rich kept elsewhere &gt;RISK POOL NOW ALL FUCKED UP, RAISING RATES FOR EVERYONE MEDICARE FOR ALL
You only need 51 votes in the Senate during budget reconciliation.
I only have the news article and not the poll itself, so I can't scrutinize the methodology.
But why are they including people who literally cannot vote in the primary? Are they weighting them at zero? Where is the methodology of this poll?
Due to his lack of a firm stance on Amexit, of course.
vOtE bLuE nO mAtTeR wHo
These are literally right-wing talking points, for anyone who can't notice. Volunteers exist because they're motivated to make change. And they exist in real life, not in some subreddit. Come to an event and meet us sometime.
"Sanders is a spooky big gubmit authoritarian" is a right wing talking point. I'm done here. No more feeding you.
I'm seeing more pushback from Biden fans who say they'll never vote Bernie than anything else in this sub. They're quite adamant about it.
They came out of the woodwork as soon as video of Biden's Social Security games came out. They're mad as hell and they are not voting blue no matter who. Or they're just disruptive actors.
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/eqy784/biden_calls_for_sanders_to_disown_doctored_video/feyzjh5?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
He also doesn't "boast that compromise is anathema." He's worked with Republicans on important issues many times over the years, including this year. What even is this?
Luxury condominiums seem to be the only things going in most places in my city. Doesn't really solve the rent problem.
From the article you reference: &gt;You may want to go back to my role in the House where year after year after year, guess which member of Congress got more amendments passed on the floor of the House than any other in a bipartisan way. &gt;From 1995 to 2007, Mr. Sanders, then a representative, passed 17 amendments by a recorded roll call vote, more than any other member of the Republican-controlled House. In 2005, Rolling Stone named him the “amendment king” of the House. This is not necessarily evidence of working across the aisle to sponsor legislation. No anathema, that was NYT's spin and they're using that as Sanders' own quote.
I'm on mobile so sorry for the links, but here's some stuff that's notable. Not to mention this year's Iran funding resolution. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/ard0s2/sanders_expected_to_announce_exploratory/egmmway?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/ard0s2/sanders_expected_to_announce_exploratory/egmmwrs?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
That's the kind of solution that gets me going. Edit: Once units are filled, what about the lack of incentive for landlords to repair and maintain units? Especially when they're occupied, which complicates maintenance work.
I'm seeing it from multiple fronts here. People defending Biden and saying they'll never, ever vote Bernie. What I'm noticing is an uptick in bad faith actors across the board, like we saw in 2016.
Reddit is built on popularity. Popular articles get upvoted, unpopular articles get downvoted. It's not a perfect system. That's why it's important to have multiple vetted sources for your news. And going outside once in a while helps too, cold notwithstanding.
From Bernie's website, Disability Rights section: &gt;Protect and expand the Social Security Disability Insurance program and Social Security Income Program It sure does!
The VA bill was a big deal, you should read up on it! [McCain Felt the Bern](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x4d1ohr)
You've misunderstood, and I'm not feeding, so I hope you have a good day.
&gt;“You are a Lone Ranger, unable even to form a core progressive force within the Senate,” Nader wrote the Vermont independent. &gt;Bernie founds third-largest caucus in Congress I like Nader but he missed the mark here.
I hope you're in an open primary state! We need all hands on board for the primaries.
Can you explain what policies will hurt you and your family?
Have you taken into consideration the amount of money saved by replacing all of your medical expenses with a 4% tax over 29k? That's where I'm seeing the most improvement in my own life. A swing of 10 percentage points for me, on a good year.
I can't. That's just got-mine-fuck-you with civility. There are people dying in this country because of broken systems that are in need of overhaul. Asking for incremental change so it won't affect your stock portfolio is gross.
Sure. Transformative change for millions of lives against some of your comfort. Reasonable. The irony of the haves voting against the interests of the have-nots. It's not like you don't already know this hypocrisy, though. You own it with your username. Only thing is, Machiavellian is not an admirable quality.
It's okay. Enjoy the gifts you've been given. That's what they are. Gifts.
Didn't mean anything by it, friend. Have a good night.
Has anyone lived in an area where the price of rent actually went down? Ever? I'm open to hearing stories on this. These articles say rent will go down with more units, but I've never seen it in practice and I'm skeptical, having rented all my life.
Thanks for the food for thought. This is an important issue to me but not one I'm well-versed in.
You only need 51 votes with budget reconciliation, FYI.
Bernie also wants to get rid of the fillibuster.
Holy shit, do you mean they report newsworthy news as opposed to a non-story about a former Vice President getting the most early support? Fuck me!
Do people who don't pay their taxes still benefit from the police and fire departments? My expectation is that Sanders will give the IRS their teeth back, but in any case, the benefit should be available to all regardless of those who act in bad faith. Otherwise that leaves it open to idiotic ideas like means testing.
[Don't Be Fooled - Joe Biden is No Friend of Unions](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/may/02/joe-biden-is-no-friend-of-unions) Edit: Ah yes, that Bernie rag, *The Guardian.*
Fuck Trump TV
I was just here to talk about Biden.
Well, I got downvoted for talking shit about Biden. The Biden Bros are out in full force lately, and they take any opportunity at a pot shot at the ol' Bern.
This is a political subreddit, not a YouTube comments section.
This is the quality content I subscribe for.
That's why you shouldn't rely on Reddit as your only source of news.
That's because one of those people seems genuine and the other does not, to a large chunk of the population.
&gt;Tulsi votes "Present" on impeachment &gt;Tulsi has a spine Pick one
We hate policies that infringe on a free internet.
A little creativity and we can come up with solutions that don't result in censorship.
How is describing a freeze taking his speech about the freeze out of context? That's literally the context.
So you get to ignore the context and tell us "whatever" because the results of his proposal disagree with his intentions?
Ariana Grande has been registering people to vote at her concerts. I'd say that's a pretty great way to use your influence.
Hey can you show me which Iowa poll shows that?
A big platform of people who are *fed up with the current system* and would welcome a shake-up from an anti-establishment figure. Bernie's whole campaign is about turning non-voters into voters and politically engaged people. Edit: Nevermind, I see you have a totally different view and probably won't be swayed.
She's registering people to vote.
There's a lot not to like about Illinois politicians, but Pritzker has had some pretty good priorities. Between him and our senators, I'm pretty happy to rep IL.
I got a call from Tom Steyer's campaign last night. Warren and Yang campaigns text me constantly. It can happen to YOU.
If you think Democrats can't be homophobes, have I got a time share to sell you.
I ran into an older woman that I canvassed with in 2016 while on a bus into Iowa this year. She was, again, the oldest person there, and I took extra time to thank her for coming out and braving the weather in support of the campaign. I've got a lot of respect for the elderly, the disabled, even the occasional homeless person that finds the energy and will for an endeavor like this. It's showing me that people can come together from all walks of life to do what they believe in.
[We know.](https://mobile.twitter.com/berniesanders/status/1218303595612950530)
You're looking at that data from one angle, but let me come at it from another. What this data seems to be suggesting is that Bernie voters are being pulled *from* traditionally non-Dem (R or I) voters, voters who don't vote in lockstep with the Democratic Party. Meaning that we could lose their support in the general by nominating a different candidate. We want a candidate who can appeal to Republican voters without kowtowing to centrist policies which irk constituents from both sides of the aisle (just look at the discussions going on in r/JoeRogan to see what I mean), and Bernie's authenticity does just that.
What has he done that's been terrible, aside from the car registration fee increase?
Washington Times sowing division. Nothing to see here.
Klobmentum!
As someone who has textbanked, we are obligated to take you off our list as soon as you say so. I'm sorry this happened to you, it is not reflective of the campaign's instructions.
Caucusing is longer and harder than casting a regular vote, and it's on one night. Harder to get to and harder to participate in.
I'd rather be tough on recidivism.
Not really. A tough-on-crime approach encourages the cycle of re-incarceration, while rehabilitative programs [decrease recidivism.](https://publicpolicy.wharton.upenn.edu/live/news/2059-the-economic-impact-of-prison-rehabilitation/for-students/blog/news.php) &gt;Although prison rehabilitation programs initially cost prisons money to implement, studies have shown that these programs decrease the recidivism rate, decreasing the prison population. With fewer people in prison, correctional facilities need less money to operate, thus requiring less money from taxpayers. Since educational, vocational, and drug rehabilitation programs decrease the likelihood that inmates will re-offend, they also allow ex-convicts to contribute to society, boosting the economy.
If we're going to steal a Senator for the job, steal Tammy Duckworth. Disabled WoC, veteran, can bring in the pro-gun Dem vote.
You guys have never written a college paper on sexuality, I see.
More like, it's uncouth to demonize a group that shares something in common, like a hobby or a religion, for political points.
4% after the first $29k
You could say the same about hunting, or fishing, or joining the military. Doesn't make it a good argument.
Would you like an after-dinner Kellyanne Conway? It's waffer-thin.
Yuuuup. Source: Ex-Hoosier
That low cost of living tricked ya
It is also known he surrounds himself with the *best* people, ask *anyone.*
That's fresh, but when Clinton and Obama go on the offensive, are progressives supposed to just roll over?
Clinton came out of the fucking woodwork with an attack on Sanders. Nobody in the Sanders camp is focused on her anymore. She flew in from Nowheresville to drop shade on a candidate and tip the race. And now rumor is that Obama is going to do the same thing. Progressives are focused on the primary right now, not Clinton and Obama. But these establishment Dems feel the need to make personal attacks, rather than issues-focused debate. I'll say it again for those in the back: *Progressives are focused on beating Trump with the best platform of issues, and moderates are continually weighing in to cast shade and concern troll.*
Yes, nobody has been putting Bernie on blast for naming post offices, getting nothing done, having no friends, etc. etc. ad infinitum for 5 years.
She's acting like it.
If you can't defend your record you shouldn't run for president three times.
[The Politico Article](https://www.politico.com/news/magazine/2019/11/26/barack-obama-2020-democrats-candidates-biden-073025) where it was first mentioned.
Bernie "smear": Look at what Joe said in his own words Anti-Bernie PAC: Look at this old, heart-attack, Socialist, can't win, big nose, nappy head fool
So you attacked the source, and when you could no longer do that, you dismissed it outright as fake news. Hmmm....
Yes, it couldn't be that money in politics has inherently corrupted the system and people are profiting from that. That's just science fiction.
[FiveThirtyEight: The Moderate Middle Is A Myth](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-moderate-middle-is-a-myth/) Look at the graphs. Independents cluster leftward.
The market is already headed for a crash. The writing has been on the wall for some time. What we should be doing is finding alternatives to this overreliance on market trends, and expanding things like Social Security that will supplement our retirements in the meantime. 401Ks are risky retirement options to begin with.
Here's the thing: A lot of us don't actually have the money to withhold from our paychecks. So using our paycheck-to-paycheck funds to make a bunch of investors richer doesn't really appeal.
All of Sanders' other plans for disrupting industries like health insurance and fossil fuels come with a generous transition package for workers and I expect this plan to be no different.
No, you're thinking of George Foreman. George Wallace was the lead guitarist for The Beatles.
Maybe don't rely on investments in things that are notoriously bad? 401Ks and IRA accounts are a byproduct of trickle-down Reaganomics-style nonsense that the free market provides, when what it actually does is hold one's livelihood hostage. We need to start looking PAST investment accounts, because as you've proven, they're not guaranteed money. They're gambling.
Most of us don't even have that, anymore. We're living paycheck to paycheck and can't afford to lose money now to enrich investors later.
[The 78% of workers who are living paycheck to paycheck](https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2019/01/11/live-paycheck-to-paycheck-government-shutdown/).
The sample is 40% 18-44, and 46% of that group are going to Sanders.
60% were 45+
&gt;i'Ve GoT tHe ReCeIpTs Sanders voters are not some Bloc that you can generalize about. They're low-velocity voters, swing voters, young voters, and Hillary Clinton had too much fucking baggage for a lot of them. No one is owed your vote. You have to sell your platform and engage people on issues. And if someone votes for an R over a D, it's a D messaging problem. Maybe we should have been told to Pokemon Go to the polls a few more times. That would have done it.
I love how we just totally get to ignore Russian PsyOps like it didn't happen and won't happen again. Just great. I love how we don't talk about the issues, the candidates or the actual content of the election, just the raw numbers. I love how we address the problems with Ranked Choice Voting but the real, tangible lesser-evil paradigm that FPTP voting entails is completely ignored. This analysis is lacking. Hillary was an unlikeable candidate and her chances were shot by foreign interference.
Breaking the cycle of incarceration and the school to prison pipeline will help the "lack of fathers" problem. That doesn't happen in the home. It happens in legislatures and police academies.
I can't get my wife to her specialists in Streeterville. The CTA shutdowns are harming the most vulnerable populations right now.
Thanks for your offer. The issue isn't getting there, it's getting out without a car. I had a coworker have to walk from there to Belmont on Sunday because no Uber would come through the perimeter to pick her up. My wife can't make that walk.
With ten minutes' warning that the shutdown was happening, she kind of just had to figure it out on her own.
I've already let my Alderman know, so hopefully the message gets passed along, but I don't know. I just really feel like restricting movement is a bad public health move right now. It was in the 90s today and old people in masks were telling me they were waiting an hour and a half on the 22 bus.
Siding with Trump after 4 years of nonstop lying: Based
Well, for one, they're black. /s Rofl brigaded
I appreciate the lyrical retooling. It worked completely within the original context of the song.
That all important lube budget
I'm sorry you were downvoted. Boob art in fantasy is a very old trope that just won't die.
Arms would help. Unless this is a disabled character, which I highly, highly doubt.
No, it's a picture of boobs with a person attached.
I don't know why you wouldn't admit that this is a hypersexualized piece. It's a common problem in fantasy art.
You talk about your girlfriend and defend big melons in other threads. You're just a creep. Cringe.
Just not a sexist. Also not lying on the internet to achieve a moral high ground like this other guy.
Yes, we should never hope to improve our positions over time, since the opposition is bad.
Not being able to criticize Dear Leader is a problem in the current administration. I'm glad I'm not the only one noticing the parallel.
We do need to act. Biden's climate plans were already vetted and found lacking compared to Warren and Sanders by both Greenpeace and the Sunrise Movement, as well as Boston University environmentalism expert Sam Deese. They need to be better, which is the point of these conversations. To push Biden to continue to improve his stances.
I don't know how it's happening in other cities, but in Chicago, they're shutting down service anywhere near the downtown area, both trains and buses. My wife's doctors are down there and she can't access them right now. Curtailing public transit is hurting the most vulnerable and it's disgusting.
This isn't even during curfew. This is UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. This is a huge problem for the disabled community who need to get to their specialists regularly, but the city doesn't seem to care about them.
Let's not forget people literally completely detaching themselves from watching the NFL after decades of fanatical attachment to the sport. Because a guy took a knee.
But are they reopening the CTA? Vulnerable populations want to know.
Fascinating, I had no idea. I was going off personal experiences with unapologetic racists.
Thank you!
I love my city.
Because it's a response to Black Lives Matter, not meant to add anything meaningful to the discussion. If I say, "Save the Rainforests," you don't reply "Actually, save ALL forests," because all forests aren't experiencing the systemic destruction that rainforests are. You're just mad because you feel left out, and you're trivializing the damage done to rainforests daily. Also, you can look at who's saying "All Lives Matter" and that will give you some clue. Edit: rofl somebody's jimmies immediately rustled by this simple, clear analogy
If people can't read the implicit "too," that's a reading comprehension problem.
"All Lives Matter" devalues systemic oppression of black people. Racism against whites is the use of the word cracker. Racism against blacks is literally a history of murder and enslavement that continues today in a state-sanctioned and self-policed way.
You've completely failed to understand the point.
In communications we are taught to speak about adult concepts at a fourth-grade reading level, which isn't always possible with complex issues.
Then why are they being killed in cold blood in reality? Because All Lives Don't Matter to the police.
I see your confusion. Mentioning one's race when it comes to a systemic oppression of said race is not racism. Proclaiming your race superior is racism.
Hahaha holy shit the delusion
No, you've still failed to understand. Black Lives Matter is a movement because there are groups that operate under a distinct interest in extinguishing black lives, and those groups are propped up by the state and encouraged to police themselves. There is NO comparable experience for white people.
Can I get any reputable sources for that claim? Or are we just trusting police reports?
https://i.imgur.com/w3hUyFC.gif
You missed the most important points of all of these issues to focus on one or two words apiece: Dismantling cisgender privilege: "*especially Black trans women who continue to be disproportionately impacted by trans-antagonistic violence.*" There is a point. Nuclear family: "We *disrupt* the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure requirement by *supporting each other as extended families* and “villages” that collectively care for one another, especially our children, to the degree that mothers, parents, and children are comfortable." "We dismantle the *patriarchal practice that requires mothers to work “double shifts”* so that they can mother in private even as they participate in public justice work.
This is the most white fragility thing ever. "DONT FORGET ABOUT WHITE PEOPLE" We CAN'T, Karen, they insist on being the mouthpiece of the world.
You know how I can tell you're not interested in finding common ground? Because you can't say "black people." You have to say "blacks."
You really start to notice it after a while.
You don't see them as people. You don't see them as "real Americans." You see them as things. You've dehumanized them, so that you aren't affected by their problems. You've insulated yourself against feeling. If you listen to other people more than you speak, you might learn something.
How in heaven do you know that their killings weren't racially motivated? A deputy confirmed Zimmerman's use of racial slurs, he's on record calling Obama a baboon, and his Twitter profile pic was literally a Confederate Flag. Darren Wilson also admitted to using the N-word with his fellow officers. You are making a claim that is antithetical to reality.
Put yourself in the other's shoes for a minute. If a black man who was regularly racist toward white people killed a white man, it would be a racially-motivated killing. You're arguing that these black men just *happened* to be shot by racists.
How it's employed by racists makes it racist, though.
Didn't he also call for an end to qualified immunity? Edit: [Oh look, Sanders and Warren talking about this back in September.](https://www.forbes.com/sites/nicksibilla/2019/09/30/bernie-sanders-elizabeth-warren-want-new-limits-on-qualified-immunity-for-police-misconduct/) It's like he's always on the right side of history or something 🤷
They have to collect their talking points first.
Potentially unpopular opinion: Luke looks like a white guy in blackface here.
You son of a bitch I have a family
I thought it was all suburbanites who only come into town for Garrett's and Cubs games
...Because felons are still citizens of this country?
So, you're describing Republican Congresspeople like Roger Williams and Vicky Hartzler?
How are you able to keep the center from pulling up and turning the whole thing into a bowl with these? My wife has attempted a couple of these using a hula hoop as a loom and they always turn into cat beds. Edit: It has been pointed out to me that my wife is finger weaving, which is different from what's going on here. Sorry for being uneducated!
Thank you!
I'm a layman, but honestly, in my opinion, yes. Citizens should have full access to their rights at all times. Especially if we continue treating incarceration like punishment rather than rehabilitation. The punishment should stop the minute you are released. You've done the time for your crime. Notably, I think the right to vote should be allowed in prison as well. You're still a citizen while you do your time.
Spoiler: It won't The playing field is now sitting at 231 yards and growing.
Nothing like being called an extremist for suggesting people get quality healthcare
It's pretty simple. Biden's plan still allows Americans to go bankrupt due to medical illness or intervention. Anyone who works in healthcare can tell you that poverty is one of the leading causes of poor health. A system that encourages the sick to take on excess debts is a broken system not designed to heal.
Big leek energy
It seems to be. There are three distinct mutations in that clade, and at least one of those led to less shedding of the virus Spike protein's S1 domain, which could increase infectivity while leaving severity alone. This is assuming I can fucking read, of course.
100% my go-to tricksy trick
"Fo fo fo"
This is amazing, and I don't want to detract from it, but is that *polyjuice potion* in the background?
Who is undecided at this point? There are basically two groups after four years of this. You either want to eat Trump's shit or you would rather vote for a moldy ham sandwich.
Good thing IQ is a totally legit way to quantify intelligence.
This was tried in Chicago. What did it do? It encouraged the poorest households to spend more. Not just on soda. On things like almond milk too. Sugar and caffeine are addictive substances and it baffles me how we can put the financial onus on the consumer and not the companies producing addictive products.
Infants are dying too, not to mention those that are coming down with Kawasaki Disease after exposure to COVID. These are two separate problems and it seems like a non sequitur to discuss them together.
The disabled are an early and frequent target of thugs who need to assert dominance and establish fear.
Room temperature fries make for slightly burnt, floppy potato noodles. My favorite.
Holy shit, of everything in the thread this triggered me the most. Have an upvote.
No salt I can wrap my head around, people do it for their health all the time. Actively disliking dark chocolate isn't rare, I'm sure, it's just diametrically opposed to my worldview. :D
There is a huge difference with SARS-CoV-2 between being outside and being in an enclosed area. That's why they allowed outdoor seating at restaurants to open first. I work on this stuff for a living.
Surfaces. Kids touch their face and then surfaces. Edit: Hot damn I can't keep up with your edits fam
*"Confirmed modes of viral transmission are primarily, but not exclusively, contact with contaminated environmental surfaces and aerosolization."* Dexter, Franklin, et al. "Perioperative COVID-19 defense: an evidence-based approach for optimization of infection control and operating room management." Anesthesia and Analgesia (2020). Most closures are a liability issue. It's not about the science, it's about people trying to protect their bottom line. You're not going to see Lolla organizers reading the scientific literature, they're more concerned about being sued.
There's still a huge risk. Over 100,000 people have died in the US. The problem is that, while the virus remains asymptomatic in most people, as soon as it's introduced to a body that's primed for a cytokine storm it's all over. The vast majority of the people protesting are healthy, often younger people. Them introducing it to the elderly and those with hypertension and diabetes leads to the spike in deaths. A jail cell is a breeding ground for a disease like COVID.
Is there something wrong with your period key?
Is it possible to *be* a troll without *knowing* you're a troll?
That's the problem with alt-right Whack-a-Mole. They just pop up in another subreddit. I didn't notice until very recently that WhitePeopleTwitter seems evenly divided between leftists and white supremacists, confusingly.
The problem with that is the revolving door. Term limits encourage people to get into politics as a stepping stone to another career, most often in the private sector. That influences their voting *heavily.* Voting should be how we decide if someone should be done with politics, imo.
Huge hips, tiny arms. The style is interesting, but the proportions need work. This is a great effort though!
* Eagles * AOC * Melania * No hamberder
*40% of officers self-report domestic abuse
Holy fuck, are you always this hostile?
Once our two cats learned that they would get catnip after ALL their nails were done, they started to get more on board with it. They still don't love it, but instead of fighting the one just kind of gives up entirely and goes limp. It's a little sad, but it gets the job done.
This is going to sound so stupid, so I truly apologize. I spent a lot of money on products to clear up my acne when I was a teen. 3, 5-step products that dried me out but still somehow didn't get rid of the acne. I started washing my face with soap in the shower and it cleared up. It might depend on the soap, but the stuff I've always used has been St. Ives style oatmeal stuff that's gentle for my skin type and moisturizes better than bar soap. Again, it sounds like a stupid suggestion but it legitimately worked for me when other things didn't. Another thing that helped me was keeping my hair off my face. The oils transfer.
Absolutely!
How about a prison system that allows you to find gainful employment once you get out, so you're not stuck in a cycle of incarceration?
