Contact customer support they might give you the difference
My mom is playing it for the first time and she just slapped her Christmas tree
Every time i go on rec room it's 13 year olds making 9/11 jokes
Shit
Life of Pablo&gt;MBDTF
So gooood
The stromboli is pretty good, atleast from what i remember as a kid.
They're worked to death for no pay every day
Still my favorite of the year
And that's my commandment, you don't have to ask Moses Had that on my ipod back in the day, forgot about that song lol
He looks like a winner
Rick and Morty
Great Scott!
Right? He already knows.
Is she racist?
It was alright, didn't really get me more excited. It'll be cool to see Tony work his way back to earth, I think I'd watch a whole movie with that premise.
He has to know they'll buy him another one lol. Plus it was good content.
No way her life is worth 60 mil
*You're
Looks like he's on top
Everything is becoming more alt right to the dorks looking for it
Wii U is the most annoying console to use
It might be better
Dont put your whole livelihood on youtube
She's an evil cunt
No she's done horrible things lol and her husband is a rapist.
Why?
Do you have proof?
Full context https://mobile.twitter.com/JasonIsbell/status/1073039769356111872
Ye I'm seeing that now
I was into the drama looking at his page, backed to my timeline, and that snapped me back into reality, i just found it funny. It'll take a lot to get me to listen to a Miley song though.
What would happen?
I'm scared this is going to be generic af. Asian people like some boring movies.
I'll probably end up seeing it, but i have to see Spiderman first
They make games infinitely better
Who doesn't hate them?
I'd like to hear kanye talk about psychedelics. Kids see ghosts seemed inspired by it, I'd want to hear about his experiences
I saw a guy in a cowchop shirt at the midnight release of red dead 2, I just said nice shirt as he walked by lmao
He's jealous of her, I'm jealous of girls who are with men who talk about cartoons online
No, i made it on a meme maker site. Just google pulp fiction brief case and take a screenshot of that moment lol.
The Black Keys, and White Stripes lol. Just 2 people in each.
Is that a projector screen?
Back when teachers actually earned their pay
Insomniac also hinted that the Raimi suit before anything was announced, so people probably preordered the dlc thinking it would be in it. I can understand their disappointment.
10,000% sure this is satire
Looks like shit
My last bout of diarrhea was better than justice league
Let people do whatever they want you fuckin commie
That's your problem that you're afraid of these people. Should we not allow freedom because some people are a little scared?
I would do it in mw2 days, my friends would ask me to. They'd request songs and I'd lay my headphone on top of my mic.
My crush and I did that once and we accidentally picked a movie about a babysitter who gets raped by John Leguizamo.
This page is /r/oldpeoplefacebook now
Wtf is gen z
Haha das wet
WE JUST PLAY VIDEOGAMES AND RUIN BROWN PEOPLES LIVES
After the first 3 days of keto my stomach turns and wants to take every thing out. The worst part for me.
"We're gonna kill so many innocent children"
I had to go to a gamestop for the first time in ages and the corral to the checkout had a buncha cheap plastic crap from that game.
I think people recognize them as boring, they're considered great because they were the first.
Games didnt really pickup until super Nintendo, besides mario and punch out.
And complaining about youtube 95%of the time
He'll be on a future episode of Hoarders
They said it's good if you have brain damage, or a 14 year old.
So china breeds shit movies?
Maroon 5 was number 1 in what?
I did this when I got a ps2 with spiderman 2 when i was a kid.
Post this on /r/gamegrumps and get a bunch of predictable replies.
My grandma would call you a telephone tough guy
I've never seen someone so self righteous
The greatest rapper alive
Why'd you gave to drag Satriani
Where are they defending them?
So edgy, so funny XD
Ill bet you $5 he loses in 2020
Or coke cans slightly bent
The frog wife from Rocko
My cave drawings played it flawlessly
The other guy already accepted the bet, i can't risk $10.
Just watch the raid and imagine it's a prequel
Bring a gun and choot em
I bet you're not vegan
Yeah, dogs arent that important to ruin your life.
Wow he looks just like him
She looks like she could be a family member in Resident Evil 7
Calm down Donny
Whaat, this movie was great. My favorite Christmas movie growing up.
Although he's a bigger failure than Starlord.
Delete this
Got some side coochie
Just finished shakedown hawaii, been wanting a new game like this.
Black ops 2 was ok, but the storyline in 3 was nutters
I like those inside gaming vids where you sit down and just talk about stuff
I like some of the Obama years, what the fuck do he know about basketball?
https://www.bbc.com/news/health-48448804 Facts don't care about your feelings
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/43/cd/73/43cd73f36234b664a91805645704d285.jpg
He does a pop culture news show on Collider, what Nerd Crew is based on
Add 200 pounds
Got eem
Take out the robot
It's funny though
And lose your hair
Lol it is alright to be passionate about those movies, he's just trying to justify his shilling
And Days of Future Past
Yeah the chocolate they use is not good enough to just be chocolate
Hercules is borderline S tier, Hunchback was always boring to me, and Chicken Little is the lowest tier although it's Ratchet and Clank rip off game was pretty fun.
I like that he's about my age, so he understands how important destroy all humans and battle for bikini bottom are, where the other guys would just shit on it.
Women weren't created by pulling a rib out of homeboy
But the liberals are taking away free speech 👿👿👿
Not the right to suck a nice dick 😭
Oh yeah fur sure
Sometimes 5
I figured you'd be a crazy conservative person who says Michelle Obama is a man
Dinkleberg!!!
He OD'd on alphabrain
I'd probably get it for $5
Just wait another year and get it for $10, the modding will be better too.
I pray everything goes well 🙏🙏🙏
I used to think he's a prick because he went after Colin Moriarty on twitter saying he was a Nazi and stuff. He blocked me on Twitter or I'd post screenshots, and I don't take that stuff too seriously anymore.
In a bunch of old college humor vids
The stupid monk is p annoying
Yeah maybe someone would be in target and see fat mannequins and be motivated idk. You got motivated somehow.
It honestly needs to come to switch
Hate that feeling lol
Makes me want a full game
Is that they'll have sex with you if you're their dad
It's actually a deep message about the media
Bitches call it the alaskan bull worm 🤘🤘🤘
Bitches call it the alaskan bull worm 🤘🤘🤘
Doesn't FH make fun of celebrities in dark ways all the time?
Xbox is pretty nice about refunds. I've got like 6 games I didn't like refunded.
I always tell them the game is glitchy and runs poorly
I'd suck her fart through a stale cereal straw
I don't use my switch nearly as much as I do my DS. Only time I really play it is when friends come over for Smash or Kart.
It should
The only reason I heard of Merchant is because of portal
God I hope there's 100 mario challenge, i still play it on my 3ds
I been telling y'all to check out my sc smh
Yandhi was kingdom hearts 3
Who's this?
But that means I'd have to go into a walmart.
Set phasers to cringe
What are y'all arguing about?
Eli5? I'm very casual pokemon fan lol
Oh thanks lol
What happens whenever kanye says something is coming
Me after having too much liquor
Nice, I'm gonna take the ladder away from those furry fucks.
Black pussy
Isn't this the plot of guardians of the galaxy 2?
Survivorship bias in here.
All these are pretty good kid movies
Kids like minions though
Gotta stay relatable
If it's two adults who cares?
Can't you lie on your screened question?
Oh wow
Cancel first and turn on adblock
High school libertarian
I thought Christians love Jews. My dad does to a weird degree.
Try and grab a cops gun
Slap a moose ass
I jerked off in a rental car when i was a kid to playboy radio...
Good, eat shit
What if we kissed on peter griffin dog corpse 😳😍
Something wrong I hold my head Brian gone, our nigga dead
Industrial bondage
The first song is great
Begone racist
I watched it because of the sexy people, and had a good time
/u/vredditdownloader
I always scream that line and point at my windshield
Is it the same guy?
So you're saying nothing?
Hmm this has my attention. That gameplay trailer was pretty bad.
What was his character?
Someone at my work has that as a bumper sticker, should I go to work with my gun just in case?
I still say the pancake episode is one of the funniest episodes of tv ever
If I was gay 👀
🔥🔥🔥🔥CLAIRE GANG🔥🔥🔥🔥
Babish and Bon Appetite got me cooking some gourmet shit
Road rage
Him and Lindsay Ellis are the best things to come from channel awesome
It's sad boy hours 😭😭😭
I need to upgrade from my $0.89 Wal-Mart cutting board
Im saving up for the Quest
Apologizing for your friends is weird
I wonder how many rentals of xmen 2 they promoted, should they apologize for that?
https://giphy.com/gifs/johnwick2-lionsgate-john-wick-l3q2A93zxqHnFDkuQ
I'm only voting for Bernie
Samwell survived that fight
Tyrion got his face cut in half, and Davos got burned up
It won't matter with where i live either way
One of my favorite movies ever. Probably watched it like 6 times 💀
6/10
Really showed how hard it was to make that turd
Wasn't Hardwick proven to not be an abuser?
Still good?
That story about dan drinking out a candle is so funny
Yeah i don't mind
And then it ended up not mattering 😔
I'll double chair you
Yeah can't sign into youtube
A dumb ass
He has a small penis XD
When me and my friends are drinking ill make shots lf water for when they're super drunk. I'll do like 4 rounds and most the time they don't notice if we're drinking white rum or vodka.
He's always been a conservative, and this just seems like another vanilla conservative bad take.
Up at Noon
He's still a dirty camper
He could donate that $500 to groups that helps people immigrate if he's that mad
I think Colins tweet is really dumb and more harmful
Climbing mountains with the rock breaker gathering minerals I'll never use was the best. I never finished that game and it's still one of my favorites.
That was a wild first viewing. My brain was firing off understanding it.
And the guy who has to clean it up does a better job
It looks like he kneed her butt and broke her spine.
I prefer the documentary titled "Spongebob Squarepants"
Family therapy porn opener
If we can turn the minions anything is possible
Just not his
Give her water
Can you press charges for imaginary crimes?
All cops are fascists and I rarely feel bad if they die on the job.
Hold your arms out with legs crossed still
I'll give up my guns and sit around and wait for the massacre to come to me
I bought a $10 pair for lawnmowing like 2 years ago and they're pretty good and going strong 💀🍬
These shootings are pretty rare, fascist governments arent
Let me decide
/u/vredditdownloader
Try squinting
Or Infinity War
Pretty trashy
Amen brother
I just don't listen anymore
:(
RIP
They're getting your tax money
I stayed there 3 days and was ready to leave half way through the 2nd
Saved those turtles from a plane crash
Kick ass cartoons or any website like that
Oooh. I hated that Disney tax.
That's just because it's such a good show everyone is redeemable besides Jeremy Jam and the Tammies.
Pretty clear it is. He wants Chuck E Cheese to take over the parks department.
🎶 party rock is in the house tonight 🎶
You've never been to a white people wedding
Yeah he said he wasn't stream sniping. I found it funny that he was so proud he made me watch, even though I know nothing about the game.
How are you fellow mexicans?
Train wreck
The worst part about dems
Black son
The Clinton way
My buddy slept with Brittany Spears in 2004. What a lucky lad he told me all about it.
I've stopped going and no one has noticed. I don't work in an office though.
Crash Team Racing recently
Homeboy can't even hold two eyes open
He said that if he was elected there would be mandatory buy back for assault guns
Definitely woild start the boogaloo
Shut the fuck up
She was at least fun
Interstellar
Not dying is good motivation
Stick a fleshlight in the back, perfect height for watching vr porn.
He's still antiunion
Shut up bootlicker
Shut up bootlicker
His gun stance was the dumbest part of the night
I'm glad they had peoples mics turned off. It was a shit show in the beginning of people talking over each other.
Yeah
They would've turned off the blonde lady who interrupted all the time
Oh yeah emerald is the best Pokemon game
Do i have to read it?
I think everyone left Fable 3 on over night so they could get a ton of money and do all the right choices.
Just get the protection plan at best buy lol
Respect
So you're really a villain either way
Like appealing to identity politics, but still being an evil corporation.
✊✊
Oh the stonetoss guy is a Nazi and he makes Nazi comics
Was he talking about himself in the "we"?
I really chose a bad time to upgrade to a Hummer H2
Is there a way to watch this not on cable or should I just wait for youtube
I just piss in my yard
Nothings stopping you from starring in a Disney kids film and becoming a multi millionaire
I think I played it on Xbox one bc
Great song lol
Yoda allows slavery so a hyper space highway can be built for a corporation in the new book lol
Master and Apprentice by Claudia Grey
Master and Apprentice by Claudia Grey
All those trust fund kids are gonna go wild for them
Hopefully post malone comes on with ratm
My ps4 friend who always talk crap was telling me how happy he was to get outer worlds for Christmas, it was hard for me to not rub it in his face.
He's great value Harrison Ford
So Osama really saved us
https://mobile.twitter.com/garywhitta/status/1214059192937369600
The movie needed a space rocks scene
Godzilla was one of the worst blockbusters I've ever seen, but Rogue One was pretty cool.
I'm gonna say it, Ep 8 is the best of the Disney movies.
Luke is my favorite part, but the Finn stuff was the weakest part to me. And I understand people not liking it lol.
The first one you unlock
She made all her money sitting on her ass and screaming at poor people.
The award ceremony was my favorite, or him meeting with the guy after they got out of prison.
What is it?
Who cares if you're cooking it?
No point in cleaning it if you cook it
He was fuckin bitches on it
Toss it on the grill, god doesn't throw free meals at you all this often.
Looks like it might be a neutra rat
I guess, also killing Brian Cranston after 5 minutes when he was half the marketing really stung my bunghole too.
Cleaning chicken just opens you up to more risk for contamination, and it's one of the most baffling things people do. I pray I never go into your salmonella coated kitchen.
Sure, i actually wash most stuff like potatoes or carrots that are actually dirty
Wonder how many of these things are laying around attics or the bottom of a closet
The podcast they did about the movie was pretty good too
Either I get a break or your paw gets a break
Main reason I won't put my Bernie stickers on my car
They can't take out our grills though ✊
I used to watch him on comedy central, but since he went to the talk show there's no substance to anything he says and is terrible at interviews.
American culture
Unfortunately they're all Obama-style right now
The had a scene that wasn't green screen?
He's one of those 5 youtubers who all make the same videos
They're funny sometimes, but are just copies of the boring H3H3 videos.
Play the gif of the stormtrooper punching it
One of the main guys has a political show, Some More News, which is pretty good if you like leftist youtube videos.
Nick and Ice Poseidon mixed
u/vredditdownloader
They'll really hire any idiot to be a cop
Someone call Ron Howard
Get a gf
Is a Korean meat dog a dog that was gonna be eaten?
We need another superman movie
Is that the guy who can't sweat?
This is just me playing the Panic at the Disco pack on Beat Saber on PS4
Tokyo Jungle
That's his twitch name lol
u/vredditdownloader
He could be a bluegrass singer
If this is a good meme, we don't have much to worry about.
If someone has two brain cells to rub together you could see how silly it is
Probably my #2 of the decade, but Alive 2007 is probably my favorite record of theirs.
That really doesn't effect anything though. Chances are he's going to be causing chaos for 4 more years lol.
Jason Isbell is the only good country singer IMO
What you talking about?
/r/moviescirclejerk
Wow you really hate women
Where do I watch
Should I watch it or survivor?
Pavarti, you?
I thought he said youre wrong about iran lol
Lol he put his hand up quick
Where is Yang at?
Amy
Steyer is channeling Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler and not blinking
I'd love to be hit by a nuke rn
Then sign the petition to have Joe Rogan host you beta
Trump legitimized him lol
Assuming direct control
Here we go boys
I'm not watching this shit show anymore lol
Smerconish sounds like a rick and morty bit
I want to see her nominated just so trump could mop the floor with her
She's the first woman of color to work at Harvard
Probably more racist to lie and say you're native american
Nah I'm a Sanders guy
Y'all are delusional
The problem with being witty on a dating app is I'm an idiot when I talk to other people irl.
Liberalism in one sentence
Dads sitting in the other room sitting in his lazy boy trying to watch the godfather 2 on amc and regretting having kids.
Probably less than half the creative freedom
They should hire a redditor to write Deadpool 3 like they did Rise of Skywalker
On Xbox I hit the home button and most the time it'll pause
I hope I never make a friend that says stupid shit like this.
I don't want to be saved from it
He didn't die for racial equality, he was murdered by the elites for promoting social justice.
I have to sleep with the heat on and windows open because of my roommates
Boomer
I got called a Russian bot for making a post picking on Warren lol
That was my post, and I hated every comment I received lol
It's unrealistic to stay at one job for more than 3 years at a time if you want to make good money nowadays
And he just sprays his car out lol
The more hate he gets from HRC the more love he gets lol
Who cares?
I bet the only reason it's upvoted is because it's something negative against trump. This only effects the very rich.
Look at his profile
He even can't handle when comedians are on like the redneck dude.
The cartoon villain trump will finally be brought to justice, and law will be restored to the land.
That's every SNL sketch ever though.
Might as well save your minutes
You people never cared about it before he died
Correct
Just wait, it's coming to gamepass
Yakuza 0 is so good
I don't get it
Idk I like homecoming a lot
He was pretty posotivs about MoS, so I won't be surprised if he flips.
He was pretty posotivs about MoS, so I won't be surprised if he flips.
Working medical jobs made me far left
Thx
/r/agedlikemilk
I learned about this shit in 5th grade because of King of the Hill
https://imgur.com/9Lo6Gbz.jpg I think people donated to make it happen
Lol
His show is a liberal hell
My mom bought me this shirt for christmas one year when I was in middle school, and I don't think I ever wore it one day in my life.
Not this one though
u/vredditdownloader
Because god isn't real so this music is a waste of time
When she became a cop she stopped abusing customer service and started abusing her husband.
Elon: "We have apartheid"
First one I watched live was Pearl Islands, and watched random seasons live with my parents. I really got into it when I binged it on Amazon a couple months ago but I started on Fans vs Favorites with that.
ACAB
Video games don't matter as much as human life
No, there's no point taking air out of more important things for video games that aren't even out yet
I was thinking of a different 4 letter word lol
They're not toxic
I assume adult men who wear sketchers are pedophiles
I stood with the protesters until they burned down my local Cracker Barrel
I wonder how much water could be saved if this man wasn't alive
They were hero's, I just couldn't see it
I'm worried about big quint's chair
Violent left, what a snowflake
This had to come out what 5 years ago, wouldn't the people saying this be kids too?
I remember going to football games and they would play it for the fan cams and telling my dad it's too cringe for me to do.
What does your mom call my weiner?
It really seems like it's over. No one I know has gotten it.
Miss this game. One of the few I got all the achievements for.
Warm and flat too
But isn't anime made in Japan?
It was a fart gun
The only thing I remember about that movie is fart gun
Oh no one reads the articles lol
Winners at war was the best season yet, it's insane lol
Yeah that's def one of my favorite too
Brussel sprouts and green beans top tier vegetables
Why I keep my mouth shut at work 😓
https://youtu.be/P-ETPu0iK8o Show them this
Idk if you ever figured this out, but something I do is plug it in with an aux cord and it ends up working again.
I just hate her voice
Me too, with the same judge
They're gonna be worth a bunch of money one day
This is every podcast released this week
He's sucked ass for the past 15 years
Yeah I got one for my Xbox one, and I love it
Yeah, the Xbox one became my media center this gen.
Looks like a yoohoo bottle
I thought funhaus was social distancing
Did he announce the new version of TurboTax?
You're thinking of Adam and Bruce
Trust me, I know
/u/vredditdownloader
Been on mine too since I got Max. Better watch it before it leaves.
It hasn't been released on Blu-ray yet? Maybe they're working on a criterion release.
I thought she drowned too
I honestly wouldn't mind. I think it's weird how they're retconning Vader to be a bad ass like in rogue one when in the OT he's just an old man swinging a stick around.
The reddit number 🤣
My car has a DVD player in it for some reason but it cuts off the video if I'm driving, I've put on commentary tracks before lol.
/r/tongueplungers
It seems like people don't like it and critics seem to like games that could just be movies.
He should be doing whatever he feels is right
Josh isn't a moron
You could copy and paste one apple?
I can't imagine that they're not working on Bf3
I didn't say they did
Absolutely true
Same I think it was a cinefix video lol
I watched it on an iPod nano video
My friend and I are really excited for it
Because it's failing
Or if a virus hits
Oh boo hoo I have to do my job
Orange fascist bad, senile man good
Why do you care lol
I'd kill for there to be a progressive president one day
Lol sorry
Didn't Jon punch arins girlfriend?
I like both lol, but Jon and Arin was what I started with so I think it look me a minute to get used to the new vibe
Rockington snapped the sonic 06 disc so he had no other choice than to quit
Biden said to shoot them in the leg and not the heart. Sums up Democrats vs Republicans pretty nicely.
I'm voting green party most likely
I'd rather get shot in the leg than the heart, but I'd rather not get shot overall.
Oh ye you right
I don't care about birds
There were no tits in that shitty movie It Follows. I thought the film was about banging!
They have a discless version that's going to be like $100 cheaper.
I don't think there's one person who cared who voice acted Cleveland
Leftists want reform to the police and system, not tv shows or syrup bottles changed.
It's why I just shoot trees in the woods
Well yeah she built the tower of pimps.
Anyone else feel like a creep seeing kids movies in the theater? I wait til DVD.
I was being a shit head, but I like the artist pages better. Shows other songs they've worked on, who they're inspired by, songs they've produced, live shows, and music videos. The whole platform feels deeper where as Spotify just feels wider. I hate that they don't track stats like Spotify though.
What does this mean
That's not even a conspiracy anymore it's common knowledge
They would say that the media lies, but if they watched MSNBC they'd see that's not true.
Chomsky? I prefer Anderson Cooper.
Remember when the daily show repeatedly did homophobic jokes
They're getting that oil billionaire money
He was in the fresh prince as Will's gangsta friend who got with his sister lol
Gaia Online outfit
Being this stupid is as bad as being far right
That was what I thought yandhi was going to be originally so I'm in
Yeah I didn't like the theatrical cut
I watched Castle on Netflix a couple months ago. Might still be on there.
Dubbed I don't wanna read
