she kinda thicc not gonna lie
traps are gay
*gets cancer*
You can see how dead inside he is by the way he is.
They have such rich history and so many ancient ruins. Too bad the region's fucked up, otherwise I'd love to visit.
This sounds worse when spoken.
My dad's so chill, but mom isn't. That's why only he knows about my ex. He even told me that I should let him know if I need more money while going out.
I'd rather zoop myself if you catch my drift kiddo 👉😎👉
Reminds me that I gotta shave. I hate having facial hair, even though I'm 16.
N U T T
I love R6 memes Now pass those plates around
Rolled up pants always end up looking goofy af imo
The thing is, I don't want to cling onto her and wait for her to magically develop feelings for me. The chances of that are ridicilously small. So instead of causing us both pain, I'll move on.
Oh ofc I'll tell her. It's better to be rejected than not knowing anything. But being just friends isn't possible. I want her to be happy, but I don't think I'll handle seeing her with someone else very well. It will affect me in a very negative way and I don't want to get depressed.
treebeard got thicc
You don't have to worry about grenades anymore
ikr hugging is gay real men suck each other off 😩
I can almost feel it trickling down 😩
Then crying yourself to sleep is optional?
P E T T
Yeah I respect women R - beat my meat E - S - P - E - C - T - W - O - M - E - N -
Piggy backing off this thread, I asked if my crush wants to see a movie with me. She told me she doesn't feel like it. Am I out? We still hang out.
I hear it constantly, too. Especially in CSGO. Some guy yesterday told me he wants to "fuck that boi pussy". Just muted him and kept playing. It's shittalking in a multiplayer game. Irl on the other hand, women have it much worse ofc. No doubt about it. But in mp games everyone's equally toxic.
Yea but this is a flight simulator.
Not op, but I might be fucked. And not in the way I want to.
Why can't people just let famous people do their thing without bothering them? :(
They can barely breath and it's common for their eyeballs to pop out. Is that ok in your opinion? Even if the dog is taken care of, its entire existence is pain.
Bahahahahahahaha
Wtf how old was she?
It doesn't say if he was somali or not in the article, though. Or even if he had religious reasons behind the attack.
There's a skyrim modding youtuber called Hodilton who doesn't include characters in his vids.
Tbf it's only 2 seconds and it's an older video.
I was about to ask which was the first one ...
Inb4 he actually has dementia.
They're cute together
I think they'll release a slightly worse version of this as "Vive Slim"
Why didn't you politely point out that socks don't equal a car?
If y'all think you can post dank shit, then do it. Stop bitching about normies and do something.
Sad truth is both parts of the empire were very troubled and couldn't help each other as much as they should've. The eastern part busy with barbarian hordes and sassanid attacks, the western with even more hordes and the huns.
**TL;DR** OP prefers fantasy elements over history.
who you callin pinhead
It's even better when you weren't even trying.
Isn't that supposedly the face that almost everyone has seen in their dreams?
Racist towards whom? White people? Italians (not a race)?
Specs?
It all makes sense now
You mean watching 30 loading screens while listening to a podcast or watching netflix on a 2nd monitor? Mmmm yes, vastness of space and immersion.
No, I'd rather not make AC into a bland rpg game.
I have an i7 2600k, how'd you overclock it and is it dangerous?
This is why I don't have a pet, even though I'd looove to have a good boi at home. I don't trust myself enough to let myself take care of a doggo.
Birches are cool trees man fuck you
We did something sorta similar for my teacher. Everyone chipped in and we got him an FC Bayern München hoodie for christmas, because he's a huuuge fan of that team. His reaction was priceless. He expected a joke present, but the moment he saw the logo he got a little teary eyed. Might not seem that much, but we're all unemployed 15 - 16 year olds with little to no money so it was pretty unexpected.
Aww thank you!
Off topic and sorry for piggy backing, but is it possible to kill thargoids in a non engineered ship?
Also there will be many many more DLCs, so unless OP plans on paying each time FDev shit out something then it's not the game for him. I only have the base game and I got bored of it in 30 hours. Spent 20 more trying to get into it, but couldn't because the base game is way too limited and there's absolutely nothing exciting coming up to fix it. So think before you buy it, OP.
I've already given up on AC, tbh.
How to get kidnapped by the gov't and sliced open 101
I finally watched Interstellar a few weeks ago and I absolitely loved every second of it!
guccigangguccigangguccigangguccigang
Siege of Constantinople [1453, Colorized] **Edit**: Didn't read the damn caption ...
Not really. In death, your brain doesn't function anymore.
That looks good tho I might be biased tho, because I'm European
Hell yes it does. I have a similar PC and can I run all new games on Ultra at ~50 FPS. If it's a 1 - 2 year old title at 60+ FPS.
Total War is similar, but also a whole lot different.
I'm only 16, but I hope I can find a girl which doesn't want a huge wedding. I'd rather save the money and go on a nice trip or something. Too bad my family would probably force me. My grandparents have even told me that they want to see my wedding before they die.
S P A G H E T T
Can? You mean **DOES** No one finds homework relaxing or enjoys writing homework.
Didn't Pompey want to look like Alexander the Great?
Well, show me a better meme then
Why is this car company called Kingsegg?
Holy hell at 16? Damn
I wonder if we could terraform it to be less dangerous with nukes/other bombs.
Trump's skin is like that because of tanning.
Execute order 86
fookin lazer saits
Hey, if there's a cute girl it might make it easier to talk to her. "Oh you like X? I like it too..." etc etc
me llamo jeff
Nope, I'm running all other games at high/ultra with 60 FPS and very rarely 50.
Nope, there is a new nVidia Game Ready driver but I haven't installed it yet.
Yeah. By the way I just noticed that even on the loading screen with all the stars and stuff I get like 20 fps. Something's definitely wrong but I don't know what.
Hellion?
haha ich auch danke
when a 🅿️i🅿️🅿️a order 🅱️e🅿️is instead of 🅱️o🅱️a 🅱️ola
What the fuck is wrong with this referee
Coming to America to smoke pot? What? First of all, how the fuck is that in any way related to this whole thing? Are germans calling you your equivalent of "nazi" when they come to smoke pot? Secondly, how did you even come up with this stereotype? You do know Netherlands is really close to Germany and smoking weed is legal there? Why would anyone want to go to America for pot when Netherlands is on their doorstep? And lastly, germans have no problem finding weed. I've been living here for 2 years now and buying weed is ridicilously easy. My 16 - 17 year old friends smoke and if they're able to buy it then everyone with a fuctional brain can.
He looks like a stereotypical roman imo
I hope it's called FB/SC Vice City Sounds cool imi
That's insulting to the people who lived during the dark age.
I realised she was using me as a plan B or C. If one of her friends didn't feel like doing something with her she asked me cuz she knew I wouldn't refuse. Then she forgot my birthday and didn't say anything to me the whole day, even though I'm pretty sure you get notified on Facebook. Didn't want to make a big fuss out of it so I didn't say anything. She faked being surprised when everyone in school started saying happy birthday and stuff. Now I've stopped hanging out with her or doing anything together. Sometimes we don't even say "hi" to each other and just pretend we didn't see each other. What a shame, I really liked her but oh well.
Do you want 100s of DLCs and to completely divide the community? Cuz that's how you get 100s of DLCs and completely divide the community.
What kind of food is that? You could literally finish it with 2 spoons.
The difference is that I stopped playing a year ago (managed to squeeze out 50 hours) and I'm 17 so I can't just spend money carelessly. I'm basically stuck with the empty shell of a game the base version is.
Beautiful land with rich history ruined by scum ... sad as fuck. Hope everything gets sorted out one day.
Because absolutely all nations used to believe in some sort of diety? Hard to make an atheist country when there were little to no atheists. And even if some king or lord wasn't a believer (which is very rare), he'd still use religion to easily control his people. Atheism can't really be used that way. Some decades ago being a non believer was a death sentance. Even now some ultra religious countries execute atheists. Also, how does one "practice atheism"?
With many more DLCs planned. You think atmospheric planet landings will be a free update? Or walking around in stations?
We know major updates will be paid. We're 100% sure nothing big like planetary landings or space legs will be added to the base game for free. None of the free improvements they've made so far have an impact and the base game hasn't changed in any substantial way since I've stopped playing. The old issues I had with this game are still there and I still have no reason to start playing after almost a year. They'd have to make some biiiig changes to fix those issues, and we know they won't do it for free.
By slightly I mean slightly more than usual, and my usual depression is already pretty bad. And yeah, loneliness sucks.
This is so fucking accurate. There was a girl a year ago who I was really into. We were hanging out one time and while we were waiting for the bus she hugged me pretty tight and oh boy the one eyed snake was up and ready to go. Tried to avoid touching her with it, but idk if it worked or if she noticed.
Worst timeline
This is why my crush is no longer my crush.
too real :(
Not strange at all. It forces you to imagine a girl holding your dong.
You can delete or disable most of them, but there are some apps which can't be uninstalled. Don't know which ones exactly, though.
Honestly this year it really isn't as bad as it was. The usual Samsung apps are there, but I use them so they're not an issue.
No one's surprised. This is the same piece of shit who said global warming is a chinese hoax.
Messi missed twice 1 v 1 with the goalkeeper and Suarez missed thrice the same way. What the fuck?
1st time? Sure. 2nd time? Doubtful, but ok. 3rd time? Highly unlikely, but still a possibility. 4th damn time? Come the fuck on. There's only so much you can fuck up when 1 v 1 with the keeper. By the way, I just won 6 - 0 against Atletico on the same difficulity. It's just so painfully obvious how scripted this game is. Especially in derbies.
I love pre historic plant life
It would be so cool to see these animals irl. Too bad they're extinct :/
I want to downvote this but also upvote.
mfw someone says tide pods are inedible
Same ref that robbed Barca now robbed Alaves. They played very well and I'm sorry to say this, but they deserved to win. Great free kick by Messi, though. Even if it wasn't one of his best matches I still enjoyed the hell out of that shot.
Man if he doesn't win the Ballon
Yeah, because there's barely anyone inside the penalty box to get fouled.
I think it's safe to say he has surpassed CR7 in free kicks these last 2 - 3 years.
RIP these kids Special kind of brave to do such a thing in Putin's Russia
Are you actually mentally handicapped? So he didn't play for Real Madrid before and commit horrible fouls? How is that even an argument? Holy fuck some people are stupid beyond belief.
Seems like you're the stupid one here. He played for Real Madrid and made awful tackles. He should've been banned back then.
I'm talking about PES. I don't give a shit about FIFA.
Did I accidentaly shit in your cereal or fuck your wife? Sorry if I did. How is that a good excuse? Defensive players making horrible fouls is just as bad as attacking players doing petty stuff like Suarez. Ronaldo has also done stuff like this and many more attacking players too. If anyone in power cared, many star players would've been given a ban. No one important gives a shit, though.
mfw someone doesn't like my meme
who did this 😂😂😂😂
n u t t 😩
Are you aware of what you just wrote? Those dogs are obese look at the fat on the first one holy hell. Their owner really fucked up. They are incredibly unhealthy. And I hope you and the OP commenter don't have pets, because they'll end up fat and unhealthy.
Fat shaming dogs is a thing? They're floofs of love who sometimes eat their own feces. How tf do you fat shame a dog. No, people are worried because those dogs are incredibly obese and unhealthy.
Nah, they're obese.
What? What does all of this have to do with 3 obese and unhealthy dogs? Am I missing the point or is there no point at all in your comment?
I mixed you up with another user. So it's even worse, then. How can a pet owner of multiple animals not see how unhealthy those dogs are?
Sorry, I don't know. I've never used Wine.
Ok, I'm not sure if it's helpful but I found this https://appdb.winehq.org/objectManager.php?sClass=version&amp;iId=26588
Damn, I hope your life gets better. So much hatred and toxicity over something so petty and irrelevant to your life. I was angry at the beginning but now I just feel sorry for you. Get help dude.
Are you 12? Nice use of emojis there, not insecure at all /s. "Exposed" holy hell. Genuenly hope your life gets better.
Alright, thanks again.
bootleg shooting stars
Agree. This is shallow af.
1. English isn't my native language. 2. Was that supposed to be an insult? I mean, at this point you just keep repeating the same shit, so that's an improvement I guess. Oh and by the way I just checked and you also misspelled the word "genuinely" ahahaha. Holy fuck you can't make this shit up. You're embarassing yourself. I'm gonna stop replying to you, so you can pat yourself on your back. Pathetic af.
Breaking my promise, but you do know everyone can see that you edited your comment right?
Holy shit you're pathetic.
What alt? It seems like you're the one with Alzheimers.
Just checked it an it honestly isn't as bad as people make it out to be. I was expecting some t_d type of stuff from the comments here.
Alright seems like I've hit a nerve or something. Bye hope you sort out your life and stop being so toxic over petty stuff.
Been using my Note 3 since the day it came out and it's still going strong. Finally updated to an S8 a month or so ago, but Note 3 is still highly usable. And it's not even rooted yet haha.
pls no crazy rpg elements and conversation wheel
Also I hope they remove the rumoured conversation wheel. Everything we see in the game has already happened. It's history. We shouldn't have choices at all actually.
generic rpg = bad What's the point of calling it Assassin's Creed if you take out everything which makes it an Assassin's Creed game? They're butchering the franchise imo.
Maybe greek?
Isn't Bayek the first assassin? If the game is set even earlier, we won't even be assassins anymore lmao.
I used some of the advice I got on my [last post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DigitalPainting/comments/8nbz5l/first_time_painting_on_a_pc_cc_is_more_than/) and I tried to apply it here. There are a lot more details in this piece, but I'm still not really satisfied with the lines, shading and cloud yet. Still, I think it turned out better than my last painting. As always CC is more than welcome!
Looks amazing!
Tbh, I didn't put any thought into composition since I don't really know much about it. I've never had any art lessons, so your critique is priceless haha. Clouds are also one of my many weaknesses right now. The edges always end up looking either too soft or too hard. And making the general shape is a bit difficult, too. I'll try to fix the sky and clouds a bit. Thank you so much for the cc! Also, how did you make the point of light in the sky look so good? I can never get it to look so realistic. I usually use the dodge tool thing or just a soft round brush.
Thanks!
Yeah, I was going for that cartoony, but also sorta kinda realistic look. I loved the colours in that game, especially during sunset.
What? Alexander lived during 500 BC, hundreds of years before Rome conqured Greece.
What do you do with that lol
Hm, but it will have to be set in other areas too, not just Greece. Wasn't it confirmed that it will take place only in Greece?
Thank you!
If they tried harder to make their relationship more father-son like, you'd complain about it being heavy handed and forced again probably.
Anyone else feel like people just want to hate this game, even though it's not bad? Some can't even admit that they like it so far without saying shit like "I'm sure it'll get worse later"
Hmm, well Alexander's most famous moments are not in Greece or Asia Minor, but in the middle east (siege of Tyre, burning of Persepolis, battle at Gaugamela etc.) The only important things I can remember off the top of my head about Alexander in Greece and Asia Minor are his father's death and his first battle in Asia Minor. I'd imagine most of the fans aren't into history that much so they wouldn't even know about these things.
Developing it in what way? They showed us that Markus was Carl's caretaker for a long time and was attached to him, they showed us that Carl cared about him (when he asked what happened to him or when he let Markus paint), they showed us that they were happy living together. The minute I heard their conversations and the way they talk, I knew they had a father-son thing going on. It was as clear as day and imo felt pretty natural. If I had a caretaker like Markus, I'm sure I'd develop a relationship with him too. Especially if my son was a disappointing piece of shit.
To me it feels like a lot of people really wanna hate this game and are really nitpicky because of that.
For 2-3k you can get a god tier pc.
Well I don't eat shrimps either.
I'm not saying he's not important, interesting or that I don't care about him. It's just that not many people know about him. People want to play in famous historical moments and meet famous people. Caesar, Cleopatra, Black Beard, Napoleon etc. etc. Almost everyone knows about these people. But very few people would know of Philip or anyone else besides Alexander I'd wager, even though his generals were also really important and interesting. Antigonus, Parmenion, Ptolemy, Seleucus etc. etc. Those are all very important people, but I bet almost no one knows about them except those who are interested in history.
Damn, thanks for saving the world twice. Also thank you for your service.
wew nice i am relieved
turtle lookin ass
It actually looks dirty lmao
I understand where you're coming from, but I disagree.
I don't like Origins, but I like the map and setting a lot.
Why do we need dialogue, though? How does it in any way make the gameplay better or more immersive?
That's it I'm calling the police.
How does it help narrative immersion, though? Does it matter if I asked where the target is or if it was automatically asked? Not every game needs dialogues shoehorned inside.
cum real sticky uh
It has a lot of upvotes because it's funny in a sad way.
Germany has 6 weeks left
IIRC it's from 8 years ago.
Hey lemme dislocate your shoulder and give you a concussion real quick.
why so many emojis tho lmao
That's a lotta donwvotes, I don't think they noticed the sarcasm lol.
Not even close.
"He's just doing what he's gotta do."
Go on then, show us someone who's as bad as Ramos. Difference is, our defenders don't have the most red cards in the league, my guy.
And this is as bad as Ramos? Are you actually daft? Man, if those are Messi's worst moments then I'm even more proud of him.
Yah right
Don't let your memes be dreams.
Holy shit how stupid are you to insult one of your first allies who helped you become a country? For such a young nation, America sure loves to forget about where it came from.
Got excited about this game then found out it's a PS exclusive
Sometimes it's true, though. I'm young, so Carrie Fisher's death didn't affect me much even though it's still sad. Neither did David Bowie's death. Meanwhile Avicii's death felt much worse and I was pretty shocked for a few days.
Ahahahaha oh my god the description doesn't even sound like an AC game. Man, I'm done. Have fun with generic RPG #42069
What the fuck man, is this even an AC subreddit? Everyone is praising it for not being an AC game. What the actual fuck??
Can you stop copy pasting the same shit all over the subreddit? Yes, most of us wanted change - we wanted them to make the **existing** systems **better**. Not completely change the fucking genre of the game. Seriously, what does this even have to do with AC? Seems like you'd support ubisoft even if they make an FPS and call it Assassin's Creed Battleduty.
Not only to you. This is just not an AC game. It's a generic rpg set in Sparta.
bReAtH oF fReSh AiR
Are you gonna keep copy pasting this vomit all over the sub? At least do reply to appropriate comments, OP didn't assume anything you bellend.
Brotherhood's combat was badass and cinematic af. The gameplay trailer with Cesare talking over was really cool.
ahahahaha
fucking battlefield battle royale lmao this made my day
lmao nice one
Ezio's fighting style was also the best imo. Elegant but still brutal. Not as brutal as Connor's tho.
It's just so infuriating. Today's leaks proved our point - this isn't an AC game and Ubisoft does not give a shit about it anymore. What's even worse is that the majority are sucking Ubi's dick for giving us a "breath of fresh air" by stripping away features and changing the genre of the game. Fuck that, I'm done with AC. Haven't played Origins and it looks like I won't be playing this garbage too.
It's kinda weird how everyone's praising it, though. In a sub about Assassin's Creed, the majority hate the original games and want something which has nothing to do with AC. What the hell?
This isn't even an AC game and the majority like it. I'm really confused. Is this not the ac subreddit? Why do so many people hate the things which made AC, well AC and want it to become a generic rpg?
Basically everything which I didn't want.
because choosing between 2 sentances which are basically the same, but reworded is a breath of fresh air
I'm not even gonna buy it, just like I did with Origins. I don't want to support the butchering of a franchise. I'll probably look at some videos and move on.
Absolutely agree with this. I just saw some guy say "fuck the ac lore I wish they'd completely remove it". The original fans are being pushed away to make place for new ones. Honestly I'd rather see the AC franchise die, instead of get turned into a generic rpg which has absolutely nothing to do with Assassins Creed. One thing I don't understand is why Ubisoft isn't making this into a new ip? I'm a history buff and I'd love to play a game like this. If it was it's own game I'd totally buy it. Why do they have to slap the AC brand on it?
I'll replay AC1 and the Ezio trilogy instead of buying Odyssey lol. It's not even an AC game.
Seemed like the perfect time for Ubi to announce a new IP, but oh well. $$$ is more important.
I fully agree. I'm not replying to you. I'm replying to the guy who said that they want Ubi to remove the AC lore.
So you're not even a fan of the AC games.
Everyone I disagree with is a dotard supporter.
Obviously there are exceptions, but generally I've noticed that old fans don't like the direction AC is headed and new fans praise it for being the best thing.
Haha come on the exact opposite? Sure, maybe 3 - 4 guys like it, but almost everyone else doesn't.
Look at the top posts. They are all related to BF? No memes at all? Besides, I think it's related. Since Dice are shoehorning Battle Royale into Bf.
(1) No. (2) No, but sassy. (3) No, but friendly. (4) Maybe?
It's not just the modern day. I don't like anything about the new AC game except the graphics and setting. Looks like a generic rpg.
damn hyojin lookin like a snacc these 2 girls were made for each other really proud of our lesbian
The story lf Marcus, Connorius and Karatra
I'd by hyped about it too, if it didn't have the AC brand slapped on it and was it's own game.
Odyssey is probably releasing next year, so you have enough time to play the Ezio trilogy. You won't regret it.
I can guess, though. And from what we've seen so far I'm sure it'll have almost nothing to do with assassins. Maybe some tacked on things.
I think it's the fluttering.
Didn't make this, it's /u/Blistered_Palms who made it.
I just hope the world is detailed and huge like GTA V's map, but even bigger if possible lol.
This sub will go rabid if Cyberpunk is as successful as The Witcher 3 lmao
Oh fuck how did I miss that? Well now I just hope it's as detailed as TWC3 and/or GTA V. pls no emptiness
That's not cyberpunk, tho.
Greedy? Yes. Compared to the other companies? Nope.
A lot did, but no longer will.
Same. This just confirmed my suspicions. Not an AC game, just some random spartan game. They didn't even show off stealth lmao.
Ahahah thanks Ubisoft I hate it.
They didn't show anything assassin-y, not even basic stealth so it just further confirmed my fears.
What? The gal in the interview didn't say anything about stealth iirc and they didn't show any stealth in the gameplay. A screenshot of a skill tree proves nothing. All they showed was hack and slash combat.
Unity is a diamond compared to ACO and Odyssey, when it comes to assassiny gameplay.
That's even worse. We get a chance to talk with the narrative director and all she does is talk about combat, player choices and mythical creatures. Does that sound like an AC game to you? I'm 98% sure the stealth will be the same barebone mechanic like in ACO with possibly social stealth added. Now couple it with the shitty parkour from Origins. Ugh. This game really should've been a new IP. It would've satisfied every casual on here and I would've been happy to play it. But nope, Ubisoft just slapped the AC brand on something which doesn't have any assassins or a creed.
I agree, at this point it's a decomposed corpse which for some reason is still alive and begs for the sweet release of death.
This has nothing to do with Assassin's Creed. Not even a single minute of stealth. Nice one ubisoft. A tiny part of me hoped it wouldn't be so bad, but I guess we're getting Spartan Warrior and not Assassin's Creed. The only thing which made me think "Oh this is an Asscreed game!" was Ezio's theme at the end haha.
How many origin stories will we get? I'm sick of this cheap proto assassin excuse they use to make the game a shittier version of the Witcher 3.
fucking teleporting in an ac game ahahaha damn this just keeps getting worse and worse
I couldn't care less.
He's seen as selfish on the pitch. Outside of it he's a good guy.
gg
Nowhere near at this level, though. Flaming swords? Cursed swords? Wtf, is this Dark Souls Vaguely Assassins Creed Edition?
its a breath of fresh air! /s
Hating russia's gov't = xenophobia?
deprecito
Yea, that's what I'll try to do. Too bad I don't know any other girls lmao.
that's racist
Bulgaria can finally have Macedonia!
Wtf
At least it was an actual foul, though.
Knew he'd miss it :( God damn Iceland are really good defensively. No wonder they eliminated England last time.
Croatia are going to play less defensively than Iceland, though. Iceland pretty much parked a wall in front of their goal, nothing got through them, but they barely did anything on offence. I mean, the 76% - 24% possesion just speaks for itself.
But not tax free any more lmao.
Yeah, but at least he was trying to do something. Almost no one else made runs into the box except him.
yes
What? Naked ripped men aren't sexual? Almost all male main characters are handsome fit/ripped and charismatic. And almost all female main characters are hot, fit and charismatic.
Almost every game in which you play a male character, you get to see him half naked. I disagree.
No offence, but your comment is stupid beyond belief. His beard is ugly *in your opinion*. I don't like fake huge boobs and I think they're ugly, does that mean women aren't sexualised in games? And you seem to forget that Kratos was a general and banged like 500 women. He must be at least a tiny bit charismatic to achieve that, right? Almost all main characters are fit, heroic and or charismatic, handsome, ripped etc. etc. That's a fact.
No way, can't be that bad.
I'd upgrade if I was rich, but otherwise no.
Why does that bother you enough to reply?
dae le fresh of breath air???????????
We've come full circle Prince of Persia -&gt; Assassin's Creed -&gt; Prince of Persia
Don't wanna sound like an ass, but I can't wait for the small countries like Iran, Iceland etc to get eliminated. Yeah sure, great defending and all that, but this is frustrating and beyond boring to watch. Come the fuck on do something it's the WC.
Fanboying hard over some piece of shit
Argentina sucks as much as Saudi Arabia and Egypt this year.
argentina succ pp
You know what, I'm happy they redid the campaign map. Looks reaaally good, much better than before. I can imagine how awesome the mod cities will look like! King's Landing, Winterfell, Helm's Deep etc!
fucking BEEEEAAAUUTIFUL called it a sec before it happened
mmm crispy
This is true. A year ago I was really skinny. Started going to the gym with my cousin who knows his shit and packed on some muscle. Sure, I'm no greek god but almost everyone I know has noticed the change on my body. Gave me quite a confidence boost.
They should be shot /s
Why so mad at Messi, my guy? He took a shit in your living room? Fucked your girlfriend/wife?
Yeaaa, you don't sound indifferent at all.
I think the proper pronounication is "ah - till - ah"
Vikings destroyed by arabs? What?
&gt;banter You ok there?
Agrentina is pretty shit. Messi drags them everywhere. Now that Messi's also shit, Argentina falls apart.
fucking your mom xdddeksdee
Y'all are just trash at tackling properly.
inb4 Neymar leaves Brazil NT for France NT, because he feels like he's in the shadow of Coutinho and Paulinho lmao
this is so 🅱️ee🅿️ 😤👌
Oh fuck off with the same "everyone wanted change" bullshit. I'm so tired of seeing it in every single thread about AC's direction. Yes I wanted change. No I didn't want Witcher of War: Skyrim 2 Isu Boogalo
Not the same game at all. Just compare AC2 and what we've seen from Odyssey. Doesn't look like the same franchise at all. Maps were good as they were, we didn't need huge empty areas instead of stealth. AC was never about sidequests, either. It was a pretty linear open world with a good story and I would've liked it if they kept it that way. Combat is like a shitty version of DS3/Witcher 3. It's more suited for a brawler/hack &amp; slash game - not a stealth game. Besides it looks goofy as fuck, imo. But I could overlook it if the other mechanics weren't fucked like the braindead press 1 button parkour and even shittier than before stealth. Oh yes it's a big gulp of fresh air. We get it. Very fresh game and all that. With overdone and unnecessary mechanics like a dialogue tree. Ubi wanted to cash in on that TW3 praise, but doesn't understand what made that game great and failed horribly in my eyes. Attracted many newcomers who didn't give a shit about the franchise and catered to the rpg fans, tho. So that's good for them I guess. Got lots of money gg.
yah yeet
Damn same here! Started out a bit underweight, but after a year I can notice a huge difference. Really helped with my low self confidence.
Inbreeding is never a good thing.
too late
Doing it when the ball is static is sort of easy, since I can kinda do it more often than not. But from that position, hitting a volley so perfectly in such a game - nothing short of amazing!
There's no option to go to Estermont's port, though.
They're not kissing innocently lmao they're licking each other. Looks like they're about to eat each other lmao. If a straight couple posted a pic of them kissing in the same way, they'd get a lot of weird comments too.
They look absolutely amazing! I wish I could paint as well as you.
rEaL fAnS
The most entertaining thing was the streaker. What a disappointing final. I'm happy for Klopp though. He deserved it. Congrats to Liverpool.
What if I don't want to sacrifice armor/weapons for a toolbox?
and you just sound stupid as fuck
She's not afraid, just thinks it's unnecessary because she's "not doing anything wrong".
She keeps being stubborn, I can't convince her. Well, she doesn't have a good relationship with her parents so that's not happening either.
She's around 165 cm or so. It's not a dealbreaker of course. It's not about her looks. It's about her health, physical and mental. She has a very distorted view of herself. I'm worried that she might have body dysmorphia.
Thank you so much! This is the type of comment I wanted. It's not too much critique don't worry. I'll keep this in mind for my next painting. I've learned everything I know from youtube vids, so I still have a hard time with perspectives and composition. Thank you for the advice!
I really like "Ocean Eyes" Her voice is so beautiful
Bruh they're good friends, chill.
Fuck's sake
What the fuck? Do you ask if you can kiss your girlfriend? Do you scream rape if she kisses you without asking you? Or do you make her sign a paper before holding hands? Dude you're crazy.
Ok I gotta give it to you, you really got me there. Good troll, 9/10
At first I thought he was trolling, but after looking at his profile ... jeez I don't think he is.
Thanks, I'll check out that sub. Too bad the circlejerk here is too strong lol.
Because there are consequences irl haha. They'd get knocked tf out, I'd imagine.
Are you serious? The hype for this game is huge and now Keanu Reeves, a guy who reddit gushes over, is in it?? It's gonna get upvoted to heaven mate.
engage your core
Or Prince of Persia :(
Yeah I don't really get it either. Even Jordan Mechner said that he wants a new Prince of Persia game. It's like they don't want money lmao.
Nah, I don't think so. It'd be weird to post it on FB, but I don't think they'd call you racist. But if it's Pepe operating a gas chamber ... well then obviously yes.
wh what?
military =/= america
What if I don't want to spend 8 points just to counter cav? what do?
My girlfriend used to cut herself, up until half a year ago. She says the same.
You do know that we can't fit all the infantry players on the tree, right? And the cav can easily go inside the fort.
Not up stairs they don't. And sure as hell not steep stairs like in crossroads.
That's not how it is in game lmao. Look how careful and slow they are. In game they just zoom up and yeet your head off. Thanks for proving my point. By the way those are really short stairs, not like in crossroads up the tree.
Bhahahahahaha fuck that, he can go there. Dude 20m holy shit. Yeah, no thanks lmao
1. Literally hundreds? Show me. I found a few where they SLOWLY climb like 2 stairs. And a video where a horse throws it's rider off while climbing SLOWLY down. 2. Yes, I do know that. But they can't zoom up stairs like a rocket. 3. Because I have never in my life seen a horse quickly climb up stairs. 4. Yes.
I'm not the real one lmao, I made this acc back when I was 13 and thought Skrillex was the coolest name hahaha
I was using the catapult in crossroads, when an enemy skate-glitched by my side and stopped. I looked at him and said hello, then he replied with "hello" and got yeeted by cavalry in the same moment lmao
Yeah nah, this shouldn't happen. There was no reason for that bellend Robertson to do that. Shit tackle? Ok, I can understand that. But a shove to the head? And then trying to explain to the ref that you didn't do it? Bhahahaha what a pathetic slimy cunt he is. I love how everyone's defenending that shiteater, but if anyone else had done that no one would've been defending him. Just to be clear, I don't hate Liverpool. I hate the massive gaping slimy cunt Robertson.
Yea you can fuck off.
Why are you telling me to accept it? I'm not the one pretending to be on a moral high horse. I'm not denying anything. It's just hilarious that a madrid fan is calling barca a club of divers lmao.
This happened after his shove, though? And let's not forget Henderson's antics aswell.
He usually plows through tackles and kicks (Carvajal's failure comes to mind), so you've set your bar too high. I didn't see any diving.
I actually wanted him to punch that cunt in the face. Robertson didn't retaliate. I wouldn't have been mad if Messi shoved Robertson's head first and then Robertson't retaliated. Because then Messi would've deserved it.
What? How is losing 3 - 0 even relevant in this thread? I'm replying to a question about shitty tackles. Why should I fixate on losing 3 - 0? And why are you ignoring Robertson's shitty tackle from behind and then shove to the head?
bruh how am i crying can you tell me
How is that in any way relevant? So that must mean that all of the calls for us are fake from dives? What even is your point?
[He tackled him from behind, then shoved him in the head](https://youtu.be/Yw2kseLceZw). Why do you have to bend facts just to excuse his shittines dude? Why do you even bring Suarez in this? He was a cunt, when did I deny that? But we're talking about Messi and Robertson now yeah? Which happened **before** Suarez' cuntiness against Robertson. See? You can like a player, but still be able to see how shitty he can be. Yeah you thrashed us. We were shit. Why do you think I'm angry at Liverpool? It's our fault we played badly. I don't even hate Liverpool dude. I didn't say anything against the fanbase or the club. I'm way over the loss. I'm actually happy it wasn't Madrid winning the UCL, I even rooted for y'all last year.
So what was the point of this whole argument? I didn't defend any barca player, just said that Robertson was a cunt.
lmao my brain must've suppressed that memory
A couple of seconds is way too few. Should be at least 10 imo. There's too much spawnkilling. God so many things need to be fixed in this game.
Oh my god really?! I can't believe it dude. Holy moly. Are you sure? I mean, it's pretty expensive imo.
Honestly I don't want him back. Too expensive and his attitude is a bit eh.
Cmon man, that's not accidental. Look how high his leg is. You don't do that by accident lmao. In the vid, he doesn't even pull his leg back, he commits fully and follows through. Maradona also wasn't tackled like this every day, though. A lot more often than Messi, but not every single game.
First off, yes I do. Every single day. And second, the ball wasn't in the air. He kicked the ball away and raised his leg up as high as he can.
Use toolbox to build walls in front of charging cavbois. They fall for it every time and it feels orgasmic every single time. Just today, 4 horse bois got very salty because of this tactic.
Suarez you beautiful bastard
k I'd rather have more people though.
But it's not slight, though? I mean, It's not gonna die but surely a drop from 60k to around 14k isn't slight? That's a -76% decrease.
I can confirm this. Up until 16 I was very skinny. I started working out and eating a lot. Now I'm 18 (too lazy to update flair lmao) and I feel great. Though I need to lose the tiny bit of belly fat I have lol.
mate don't underestimate yourselves
Unpopular opinion: some of her songs are really good and she has a beautiful voice.
Oh the fucking irony. AFD would've kicked your sorry ass back to Bulgaria, if they were in power lmao.
I'd rather he stay at Ajax tbh.
bruh it's over 30° C in germany im dyin
If you're under 12 inches you cannot pleasure women
Wish you the best man. This is horrible, but time will heal you. Honestly, you should've booted her the moment she confessed. Fuck cheaters. I can't imagine getting back with someone who cheated on me.
Hey man, there are definitely people who share the same hatred of cheating with you. And they're definitely more than the cheaters. My ex cheated on me and my current girlfriend's ex cheated on her. So now we both absolutely hate cheating and we're both equally jealous, so we share all our passwords etc. etc. I trust her 100% and she trusts me aswell. It really isn't that common. You just need to find the right person.
Hahahaha wtf hell no it's not normal. It wouldn't be ok even if she was single. Holy hell lmao
I have never in my life talked with my friends about raping married women lmao. We're not pieces of shit.
Manwhore works I guess?
oh heeeell no, I'm glad we didn't sign him jeeeeesus fuck that's a lot of money lmao
That's not the same lmao. The word whore doesn't have the history the n-word has.
Make a test. Let a woman kick you while you're running full speed and then let a man kick you. I woner what would happen.
Something happened but doesn't want to tell you? I'd assume she cheated lmao.
AFD is a far right party, CDU is a conservative party. Both can be shit, but one of them could be shittier. If AFD was in power, they'd 100% abolish same sex marriage and stop doing anything about climate change. I don't really understand your next point. You can have inner sovereignty without going overboard with the racism and anti-science, no? You're overestimating the amount of gypsies who vote lmao. Most of them don't. The amount of vote buying is nowhere near as high as you think it is. It's just that nearly 100% of politicans are corrupt as fuck. Whoever you choose, it won't change. It's like trying to choose between 2 piles of shit. There's no winning. Normal people can't change anything when politicans are corrupt beyond belief. And by the way, it's not just politicians who are corrupt. Doctors, cops etc. etc. The situation is just fucked. You can't really blame only the gypsies when the whole nation is corrupt as fuck.
They use safety, though. It's not really his or her fault if the condom breaks.
He's 19. I'm about to turn 19 and I still feel like a kid.
Mafia III + Sign of the Times DLC Thanks for the giveaway!
Holy shit he's a massive gaping asshole. Good on you for leaving him.
[Steam](www.steamcommunity.com/id/asoiafaddict)
You're mental. Imagine getting this same comment from a supporter of a team smaller than yours. Do you not see how fucking stupid it is lmao.
Do you watch Barca very often?
Suarez is not consistent at all. Just watch a few Barca games.
Well good for you. I don't like it when franchises I enjoy turn into shallow games because Ubisoft like chasing trends (and do a shit job at it), though.
It's not even close to the Witcher 3. Ubisoft tried, but all they accomplished was a shallow, soulles, bland game which seems like they want to turn all their games into.
Everything else &gt; Combat Couldn't care less about the combat in Odyssey, when everything else is trash. Witcher has better story, quests, gameplay and characters. Combat is decent enough, gets the job done and fits the fighting style of the witchers. &gt;sad gamer oh noes how will i ever recover from that
Agree to disagree. Combat isn't important for me.
Bro I love that stuff. Look up "Electronic Gems", on YT. They post mainly this genre. Home - Resonance is my fav
Not bad so far. I love that we're dominating them. Though Atletico feel somehow off.
Don't really want him, tho
ref is fucking retarded
this is just absolutely fucked up
Are you ok?
Wasn't hand ... shoulder
this game is a joke
i'm done fuck this game, fuck the ref, fuck this stadium, fick uae and fuck la liga
It hit his SHOULDER and the offside was nonexistent. Look at it again and point out where exactly he's offside.
You're mental check your eyes.
joke of a game, i wish i didn't watch it
You're blind.
Bruh my P.E teacher was like John Cena. Buff af.
They didn't estabilish concentration camps in a day, you know.
Also it wasn't the SS doing it on their own, so I'm not sure where we're going with this.
Wouldn't be half as good without using the traffic cone as a hat.
Socialism isn't communism. Scandinavian countries and western Erurope are also """""socialist""""" by your standarts.
I was a huge GoT fan. I had read all the books twice, watched everything possible. Since the ending, I haven't even thought about it. It was such a huge disappointment I don't want to remember that.
That's absolute bs. If they have the RTX2080 they'll cost a fucking ton. Do you realize how expensive that card is?? In the EU it's over €600!! No fucking way they'll have anything even close to an RTX2080.
What if ... you connected your PC to a TV and used controllers? No no, what am I thinking? That's impossible!
I bet my ass it's gonna be upwards of €700 or have inferior parts than those you listed and cost around €500. I'll save this thread just so I can tell you "told you so". The PS4 had the equivalent of a GTX 660ti and still cost €400 lmao.
PS4 Slim, after a few years from release, which has a shitty gpu costs €180? Colour me surprised. Oh wait, it costed €299 on release tho lol. In no way does a PS4 slim even come close to a GTX 1050, are you out of your mind? It's like a 660 bruh.
That link is just a review of the 1050, it proves literally nothing. Look at [this](https://www.extremetech.com/extreme/171375-reverse-engineered-ps4-apu-reveals-the-consoles-real-cpu-and-gpu-specs) It's basically a modified intel HD 7870. Why don't you admit that you're wrong?
And PC updates don't install overnight? Dude are you ok?
What? You just need to hook up the PC to a TV and use a controller. Dude you're coming up with some weird ass situations.
Neto's new to the club and is a back up keeper, Firpo is a newcomer, Fati, Perez and Puig are both young and are just starting to get time in the first team.
Lots of cringy bronies in here lmao
Llorente invading the personal space of Dembele by putting his leg and arm inside of him. That has to be physical assault. I'd sue if I was Dembele.
We're passing too safely. More through balls would be good.
Nor anything else. We are just so shit idk.
It's not on Setien. There is some kind of deep problem in this team and I don't know what it is. Even Guardiola wouldn't be able to fix this shit.
www.steamcommunity.com/id/asoiafaddict Thanks!
I'm almost 100% sure it's gonna help. Please report back if it does!
Hell yesss, I knew it'd work. You can drop it further down to 0.2 or even 0.1 if you want, but the shadows caused by the AO start to look a bit wonky then.
Change it to 0.3 my guy
But "bitch" isn't used as a friendly word lmao
I'm not insulting Rudy, his ENB is my favourite but lowering it to 0.3 gives better performance. It's not like we're shitting on his ENB lol. You do know you're free to modify ENBs right?
Welp for stable 60 fps with my setup, I needed lower it. With a better setup you wouldn't need to do it ofc. I didn't notice any drop in quality. Only if I go down to 0.2 or 0.1 do I get some wonky looking AO.
You listen to 1 song and decide that she's bad? Go listen "Ocean Eyes"
Must feel good to be contrarian just for the sake of it.
How's it bland and lackluster, though? Forgettable is subjective. But bland and lackluster? What do you listen to normally?
I mean if the US is capable of testing shit on it's citizens, why not China? I'm not saying they did it on purpose but maybe a test went wrong or something? Idk
Maybe if you pulled his dick out of your mouth, you'd see how much of a fool you look by fanboying over him and trashing on Eminem. Sure music is subjective and if you hadn't worshipped Tyler I wouldn't have said anything, but now it just looks like you're hating on Em because you're too much of a fanboy.
I'm just telling you how it looks
Tyler's really cringy. His music is edgy and kinda repetitive. It's gotten very bland. I'd recommend Eminem if you want to listen to some lirical genius. He's one of the greats and will never get old. See how that looks? I didn't actually mean any of it, btw.
You're doing it even in this comment lmao. Aight, have a nice day my guy.
Tbh Barca also dominated PSG lol
What's the difference? PSG are still struggling in CL, even with Neymar (who didn't play during your games).
It's a pasta and you ate it all up lmao
Why is America so fucked?
For me, the show isn't cannon. I cringe so hard when I remember the last season. I just want to forget it man ffs.
Have you even played the previous ones? Wildlands and Breakpoint are just generic Ubi open worlds.
You do know why people are protesting, right? They're protesting against cop violence. And what's their answer to this? More cop violence.
You do know as soon as they finish the Warhammer stuff, their fans will stop buying TW games?
TW Rome 2, but I did go back and play Medieval 2 and Rome 1. Modded both games without any issues. I tried the Lotr mod, game of thrones mod, both europa barbarorum mods, roma serructum 2. The newer games are a lot less complex to mod than the older games. Even Skyrim is a bigger hassle imo. Drag &amp; drop, that's it.
The old games were much more modable and it's sad that it's not the case anymore, but I'm talking about the new games. Installing mods will be the same as it was. I don't use the workshop anyway, except if the mod isn't uploaded anywhere else. Thay way I can keep the files even if the mod gets removed. I thought modabilty depended on the engine and not on the way it's being distributed?
You can protest only when it's comfortable for us! Do you realise how utterly stupid that is lmao
It's sort of a spin off, I'm pretty sure the main historical titles won't be arcadey. Hell, look at Thrones of Britannia. Wasn't arcadey at all.
But in the myth the gods didn't straight up fight against people lol.
I'd argue 3K isn't a historical title at all lol.
Certainly feels like it. But they'll soon find out that a big chunk of the new customers are customers because they like Warhammer and not because of TW games lol. They won't be buying new games. Hell, even this sub has turned into a Warhammer sub.
I think people are missing the point. N.Korea and Iran aren't better than America, they're only pointing out the hipocricy.
The spears in Troy are much shorter, though. Also it appears that they have counter balances, so it's still comfortable enough while having good reach. Idk what yall's problem is.
Ugh for the 69th time, you will be able to mod Troy. Just because there's no workshop, doesn't mean that you can't mod it.
I really hope you Americans don't give up and keep the fight like the HK dudes. This stuff is absolutely horrifying and sickening. You guys really need to do something about this.
I thought americans were stupid to have so many guns because of all the shootings, but holy hell what the fuck happened guys. I take it back, you lot definitely need the guns.
Sorry about the late reply! Here are my settings: https://www.mediafire.com/file/mh5wcrngpoj12n2/MySettings.ini/file If it doesn't look like in the pic, try using the Project NextGen Filmic Weather instead of the default one.
"Ром" съм. Ситуацията в България е много по-различна и не може да се сравнява с расизма в Америка. Много рядко съм се чувствал застрашен или в някакъв вид опасност тук. Даже бих казъл че се чувствах много по-неспокоен когато минавах покрай група роми. Буквално съм чувал неща от сорта на "я го виж тоя как се прави, ако му скочим бързо ще го оправим" когато не знаеха какъв съм всъщност и мислеха че не ги разбирам. За това цял живот съм отбягвал такива групи, даже родителите ми ме "пазеха" от тях лол. Но това не означава че всички стереотипи са верни. Тези за които говорех най-често се срещат по махалите итн. На мен ми беше забранено да отивам в тези места за това не знам много за живота там. Роднините ми и даже бих казъл всичките роми които аз познавам са нормални хора които си живеят живота без да правят разни драми и простотии. За тях просто не се чува. Не ги показват по ТВ-то както ходещите стереотипи хаха. Расизма в България е по-sutble и е по-труден за описване. Опитах се няколко пъти да го опиша, но не мога. Не съм срещал други роми тук, така че AMA? Ако някой се интересува лол.
Bruh we're all literally apes.
Хм, труден въпрос. Мисля, че зависи от езика който говорят. Роми които говорят ромски си имат своя дума която ползват, роми които говорят турски съм чувал да ползват думата "милет". Всеки си има предпочитанието, не е както в Америка с "african-american". Аз предпочитам да ме наричат българин хаха. Не ми харесва "ром" или "циганин" защото ме кара да се чувствам сякаш съм аутсайдер. Тук съм си роден, тук съм си живял и тази държава ми е дом. Сигурен съм че много хора не биха се съгласили, но това си е моето мнение.
Do boys post stuff like this on here? I don't think so.
TikTok's point is posting vids of yourself, though.
She can post whatever she wants ofc, it's just weird to post it on reddit. She can get the same boost on any other site and it wouldn't be strange. I'm not seeing any guys posting pics in swimwear to get a boost here lol.
Since when was /r/teenagers about posting selfies etc?
I support what you mean, but the clothing itself is just not comfortable for people with dicks. Are you a guy? If not, you don't really know the logistics of it lol. I'd buy them speedos instead of actual bikini, because they look almost the same but at least can cover the cucumber and tomatoes lmao.
I'm new to this whole thing, so I bought a cheap €29 mechanical keyboard. It has Huano Blue switches. Are they any good? Or did I screw myself over? So far it feels amazing and I love the clicc clacc noise lol. They keyboard's name is Inter-Tech NitroX NK-2000ME. [Here's](https://imgur.com/Ot0tnnP.jpg) an image of its switches.
Looked solid imo, better than I expected
Why not both? Even my S8, which is old at this point, has eye and fingerprint unlock.
Iris scanner won't work either if you close your eyes lmao. And if Face ID is also using your eyes, then logically it also scans them with infrared?
Tbh this happens in all sites. Well, except the locking. People thirst over these le epic gamer grills, and they know it and use it.
Do you not see the huge difference between what the girl posted and what this guy posted?
What I meant by that question is if it's possible to find a job with only an Ausbildung as an Informations-und Kommunikationstechnische Assistent. In several sites it's listed as a job with an income of €1.5k - €2k per month, but that seems very unrealistic and I haven't found a job which requires this Ausbildung on any site.
Yeah, I can study in unis, but only in my Fachrichtung if I understand it correctly. Which is fine by me, that's what I wanted anyway. Thank you for answering my questions man.
I will try. If I can't, I'll just go to the Fachhochschule in my town. I guess we'll have to endure the distance 4 more years :(
yeee boi we would've been up by 3 but oh well
That's what I'll do. Thanks man.
I don't wear a seatbealt and I haven't died yet so it must be ok to not wear a seatbelt, right?
Damn, so far we're looking really solid. Could've easilly been 2 up. This is the Rakitic we love, very happy to see him playing like this again.
Jesus he was 100% trying to injure him. Game was stopped, no ball in sight. No wonder Messi wanted to knock this tree lookin ass out.
for fuck's sake SUB FATI AND GRIEZMANN WE ARE TOOTHLESS IN ATTACK IN THE 2ND HALF WHAT THE FUCK IS VIDAL STILL DOING UP THERE MAN
wtf man why is he not subbing ansu in we need speed wtfffffff it's like he's trying his hardest to lose WHAT THE FUCK
Oh fuck off. Fuck off with this bullshit. There are no fucking fans it doesn't matter where we're playing. Unless you're being sarcastic lol.
fuck off im mad and you should be too
Let's not pretend he wasn't a problem.
5. Relationships aren't a war. You will both need to make compromises sometimes. That's not a bad thing, I'd say it's a must. So many people in this sub treat it like a war where if one side isn't getting 100% of what they want, then they should leave. This is very wrong imo.
Another 19 year old here. 10. Hit the gym. You will be so happy down the line when you get fit. I started going to the gym at 16 and I was underweight. I noticed gains in less than 6 months and after a year I couldn't believe how much better and more healthy I looked. You can do it too and you'll be thanking your past self for it.
bruhh ✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏿
yo I know this vorpal dude lmao
Fuck. When will he be able to play?
Nuclear warheads are scary as fuck.
shleepin
He's hungry and wants to prove himself. Very good attitude.
Download the real ffb plugin. It's much better than the vanilla ffb. And there are a lot more settings in it which you can change.
Wasn't the girl 13?
Aand we're done. That was our chance of winning the league. Pathetic af.
It's hot garbage
League is fucking gone what are you even talking about
Doesn't matter, they're getting the results they need. They'll win the next match aswell. Meanwhile we nearly lost to a 16th place team and our next match is against Atletico Madrid. One more draw or loss and there's absolutely no chance we'll win the league. This team is like a rotted tree. Appears sturdy and all, but inside it's fucked. It'll fall any minute now.
Hope I'm wrong.
Why can't we have both? Are simple 2m passes something incredibly hard to do? You gotta admit his first touch and passing is atrocious.
Are you blind? She can barely hold the gun correctly, I'm surprised she didn't accidentaly fucking shoot someone jfc
Lmao look how they even point their guns at each other. They're not just idiots, they're braindead morons.
They're getting shat on because they have 0 training. A sneeze would make her fire the gun and hit someone innocent 2 streets away lmao.
fuckkkk yes omfg
ter stegen is a fucking god
lmaoo
no team is slower than us holy shit man how is it possible to move the ball so painfully slow and accomplish nothing in the end
lmaoo panenka against fucking jan oblak
HOW IS IT A FUCKING FOUL I WANT TO DESTROY THIS PIECE OF SHITS FACE
peak valverdeball
fucking garbage what is this shit they're standing in 1 place looking around
watching barca games is a fucking waste of time and nerves my head's fucking pounding from a headache
He is useless. Dead weight. Brace lmao against a fucking 16th place team and we STILL DREW AGAINST THEM
