According to the rest of the world the US is the biggest state sponsor of terrorism...
You're totally right, but around these parts unless you're 100% devoted to their white queen they automatically think you're a Trump supporter. Their simple minds only work in binary so they believe there is no possible way to dislike both and they start to see red anytime someone dares to criticize Clinton.
Are you serious? The same 'classy' lady who joyfully boasted ["We came, we saw, he died"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmIRYvJQeHM) about her hand in helping destroy Libya, where there is now a literal slave trade happening in the aftermath? I mean, I get that Trump sucks, but him being absolutely horrible doesn't suddenly make Clinton amazing, maybe being slightly better than him is enough for simple people like you, but the reason America is such a shithole and keeps voting for the worst politicians possible is because of people like Clinton and her supporters like you.
I am defending Trump? Where? Like I said in a previous comment, you Americans are so simple and dumb that any criticism of your white queen Clinton is automatically thought of as a defense for Trump, are you really that dense that you can't possibly fathom someone could despise both? Looks like you have horrible reading comprehension as well as I even stated in my comment to you that Trump is horrible.
Honestly though, if OWS was as big and rowdy like the protest in Iran, I don't doubt riot police would have killed a few protesters either.
Yea, given that they all but died down during the Obama administration even though he not only continued the wars but expanded them to 4 more countries, Americans really don't give a shit. They only pretend to care when it's the other team doing it.
Does it melt well? Would it work with soy creamer to make an alfredo you think?
One of my favorite subs to laugh at is /r/therightboycott such a bunch of man babies, it's really amusing.
Anyone know when you'll be able to buy these at grocery stores? The places around me that have it all sell it for $20+ for a burger worse than what I can make myself at home.
Pretty much every speech nuttyahoo has given the UN for starters...
I doubt anyone's been fired for thinking taxes should be lowered.
So you meant to say people are fired for being unabashed racist shitheads on public social media, not for having 'right wing views.'
So youre just retarded then... got it.
SFPD are some of the worse fucking drivers on the road, and that's hard to do given all the clueless uber/lyft drivers out there. I've seen them almost get into so many accidents it's ridiculous.
No, it's because you make ridiculous claims you can't back up. If you weren't retarded you'd be able to understand, it's a simple concept.
Yea, all the wreckless driving I see is always done without lights or sirens. Not to mention they never use their turn signals and just cut people off left and right.
The horrible driving I witness is always without and lights or sirens so people do not have to yield for them. They are just shitty, entitled drivers in general.
I think that's only true for Americans mostly, there's just something that ceases all brain function in them when you bring up the troops.
Only soldiers are trained to use guns? Not to mention the military heavily skews right, I have no doubt that if there were a violent revolution, soldiers would be squarely on the governments side, ready to kill any 'hippy/commy/un-american/etc.' they can get their hands on. Hell, there's already been multiple instances of soldiers firing on US civilians who support leftist causes.
As a child of war, I'd rather be homeless than bring the same death and misery to civilians that I witnessed as a child. It's really fucked up that people would take money to kill people just to get slightly ahead. You could have gotten a job at Walmart and saved your dignity. &gt;lmost all of the enlisted come from the working class This is bullshit propaganda too, the majority of US soldiers come from middle/upper classes. http://www.heritage.org/defense/report/who-serves-the-us-military-the-demographics-enlisted-troops-and-officers edit: not to mention, being homeless in America is still a much better existence than the poor people they oppress, torture, and kill.
No they don't, that's just more military propaganda. http://www.heritage.org/defense/report/who-serves-the-us-military-the-demographics-enlisted-troops-and-officers
As someone who was born in a warzone, whose earliest memories are of bombs destroying my city and sleeping in cockroach infested bomb-shelters, I'll gladly throw any shithead who decides to take money for killing civilians in piss poor countries under the bus. Fuck the troops.
I downvoted you for putting the lives of privileged first worlders above the piss poor people they volunteer to oppress, torture, and kill.
I don't give a fuck what their personal reasons for signing up are, the end goals are the same. Over a million dead in Iraq alone but that's okay because some lazy first worlders got an easy job and some money. Fuck them. You sound like the guy in the comic.
I'm not naive enough to believe there ever will be a leftist up-rising in the US, you are right, this country is super right wing. What I'm not gonna do is baby literal murderers in the hopes that if my fantasy revolution does happen, that they will be on my side. They are murderers for hire, fuck them.
I don't give a shit about 'the (first world) working class' who are willing to torture and kill people much worse off than themselves for some table scraps.
While I currently live in the US I am not American and do not know much of the heritage foundation, it was just the 1st post that popped up when I searched.
Like I said in another comment, I'm not naive enough to think there will ever be a leftist uprising in the most right wing developed nation on earth, and even if there were, US soldiers would be chomping at the bit to go kill some 'hippies and commies.' In the meantime I'm not gonna coddle people who volunteer to go help torture and murder others just to get themselves slightly ahead.
Because I would like it to? But again, I'm not naive enough to think it will in the same country that just elected Donald Trump as president, houses the largest inmate population in the world, is basically a theocracy, and where it's basically taboo to say anything negative about people who volunteer to kill, torture, and destroy entire countries that never attacked, much less threatened your own. You admitted to taking money to help kill and torture people over-seas in support of imperialism and don't seem very remorseful about it, the better question is why the hell are you on a leftist sub?
Yikes! Regardless I have very little sympathy for the American 'poor' that have no qualms against killing and torturing civilians in piss poor countries that never attacked, much less threatened their own. I come from an actual third world country, I know what real poverty looks like, and I also know what actual war looks like from the side of the civilian rather than the imperialist/oppressor whose voice seems to be the only one represented here. Even with that I would never have killed, tortured, or helped others kill and torture defenseless people just to get myself out of that poverty, and if I did, I would not expect to be admired for it and would have so much remorse I'd prolly off myself.
&gt; Second, for plenty, it was literally "the military, the street, or the bullet." Or you know, student loans and a shitty part time job to get you through college without having to help murder anyone more worse off than yourself in the first place... And if you are really poor, FASFA pays your entire tuition and gives you money for books and stuff. &gt;So if you prefer poor American kids to just start offing themselves over playing a direct role in killing, torturing, and oppressing defenseless people and destroying entire countries that never attacked, much less threatened your own? Fuck yea.
Less civilians being tortured and kill, entire defenseless countries not being destroyed and exploited for their resources, no ISIS... Sounds great to me!
So you admit you'd prefer poor American kids go kill and torture kids even poorer than themselves (who never even had the choice to 'volunteer' for war) and destroy entire defenseless countries rather than have debt? Glad you admit it you american-centric, imperialist shitstain.
I wouldn't be surprised if the same people who thought Starbucks buying La Boulange was a good thing also thought this would make WF better.
I wonder how all the dealers in GG park and the haight are dealing.
[Never forget!](https://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/ukx3j/starbucks_buys_la_boulange_bakery_for_100m/)
Holy fuck, this is the last sub I woulda ever expected anyone to quote Filth on! Did you go to their reunion show a few years ago?
On further thought... More money for social programs like universal healthcare, college tuition, homeless outreach, etc. Looks like it gets even better the more you think it through, thanks for the advice!
That's awesome I was at the same show!
This is America, everyone who gets that close to the presidency is a war hawk and all of our presidents for as long as I remember have been warhawks. As horrible as Trump is, I don't think Hillary would have been any better in this regard, or did we already forget what she did to [Libya](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlz3-OzcExI) or when she threatened to nuke Iran on behalf of Israel?
lol, if they actually gave a shit about 'civilians being slaughtered,' they wouldn't have let it devolve to [this](http://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/countingthecost/2017/11/migrants-sale-slave-trade-libya-171126063748575.html). How fucking naive are you?
&gt; nazi trash https://i.imgur.com/TutAGkx.jpg
lol, sounds like you don't even know what photoshop is, Nazi.
I'm Jewish, my wife's entire family was in the holocaust, I know a Nazi when I see one and you are a Nazi.
Don't forget soldiers as well...
Lets not forget when police in Philadelphia literally bombed an entire city block, killing children because some black activists lived there.
&gt; Though let me know the last time someone was lynched in Boise for being gay, a communist or both. Well, considering lynching is a bit dated, this is pretty much equivalent: http://www.ktvb.com/news/crime/nampa-man-sentenced-for-hate-crime-in-death-of-gay-man-at-lake-lowell/434465084 and then there's also this; https://www.boiseweekly.com/boise/number-of-reported-hate-crimes-in-idaho-jumps-in-2016/Content?oid=5862456
No real lessons, I was just being snarky.
Common enough to keep minorities like myself away
If you love laughing at shit like this as much as I do, then you should definitely take a peek at /r/TheRightBoycott, seriously one of the funniest subs filled with thin-skinned man-babies. It's really fun to troll, but unfortunately I finally got caught and banned after telling them not worry about boycotting Heineken (for putting a quote about everyone getting along on their cans, lol) because we're not even old enough to buy beer.
Or better yet, just fly into San Jose?
&gt; How is Israel an Apartheid State ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCDT0cW5y4A&amp;t=5s
Never underestimate the petty shit no-life nerds will get triggered over.
Don't forget Clinton even threatened to nuke Iran. Trump is horrible, but I hate that so many people seem to think that because he is an absolute piece of shit that it somehow makes HRC a perfect angel. They both were horrible fucking people and the fact that they were the two mainstream candidates in 2016 really shows how fucking far America has devolved.
Oprah vs. Trump, I'm voting 3rd party again.
You have been banned from /r/politics!
I don't know what the dude said as it's been deleted, but inferring from your comment it was something about how HRC would have been better as far as immigration goes? That is a huge laugh given that she wanted to send children refugees back to war torn countries just to 'make a point.' https://www.vox.com/2014/6/19/5819076/hillary-clinton-deport-send-back-message-asylum-unaccompanied-expedited-border
Why not? I live in SF so I have no reason to go, but is it really bad?
&gt; Nothing is remotely worst off under Trump Did you stay off the entire internet a few weeks ago when net neutrality was repealed? Also [this](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/04/climate/trump-offshore-drilling.html). NEXT
Funny that you never find them in stories like the one above this about the white family that enslaved their 13 children for god knows how long...
Even more noteworthy, democrats and those democratic channels are still right wing, Fox just happens to be slightly further right. There is no leftist news in America.
They're smarter and more hardworking than you.
I've been posting here longer then you've been on Reddit, long enough to remember before dumbass Trumptards tried to take over this sub.
Yes, learn what fucking left wing means, it's not simply anyone to the left of Trump.
I just bought an 8+ that came with 11.0.3, should I stay on this and wait for Cydia or update?
Come on now, I hated Obama for being just another war mongering, corporate backed president, but you can’t deny a lot of people didn’t really give a shit about that and just hated him simply because he’s black.
Then you're just being willfully ignorant. When I turned on Fox News or looked at right-wing media during the Obama years, they weren't talking about how he is horrible for droning kids in Yemen, no, they were asking whether he is actually a Kenyan and not a 'real American.'
This, but unironically.
Try a real hotel or a motel.
Yup, their main tactic is to post articles like these in their conservative safe-spaces, then post the same articles to 'liberal' city subs. You can see at the top where it says 'other discussions' that he also posted this to the donald, from there people can come here and brigade with their racist and alt-right talking points.
As much as I dislike the YIMBY astroturfers, racist alt-righters are for more annoying to me and I'd rather have them gone than give them yet another platform to spread their hate.
Meh, as an American I think anyone from a government we've actively fucked over should be allowed to come here, no questions. In Guatemala's case... http://www.coldwar.org/articles/50s/guatemala.asp
My apt. in NYC is right by the one in Madison Square park. I don't eat meat but their shakes are just okay. Shakes/fries at St. Francis are much better. Also the line is always insane, even in the winter.
Holy shit, the KK veggie burgers were insanely good, never had one that was even close like it.
I disagree, their 'veggie' burger is just a mushroom cap. In NYC I just go to the new By Chloe near me, here there are tons of better veggie burger places like VeganBurg and even Roam.
Yes, in an ideal world all borders would be open and people can go wherever they feel is best for themselves.
Still no.
Yes, because shit like [this](https://i.imgur.com/yUV8OWi.jpg) and [this](https://i.imgur.com/Xsqvg.jpg) is so much better! Fuck the troops.
Just put them on those iPad robot thingies and let them interact that way?
[/r/ActualRealLifePeopleForTrump](https://www.reddit.com/r/beholdthemasterrace/)
&gt;I put all my money into silver and JP Morgan crashed silver in 2011. Fucking lol. I can just imagine him watching Fox News when one of those ‘buy silver’ commercials comes on and him being completely captivated, going ‘hell yea, that doesn’t sound shady at all’
Finally starting to plan my first big vacation since having a baby. Gonna do three weeks in Italy (and maybe Croatia) this summer. Super excited, we used to travel a lot before the baby and have only been able to do small trips since she was born.
Seriously, wtf is going on here?
Yea, but white people are finally starting to pay attention making it more of a serious issue, because 1) it's starting to happen to them too and 2) cell phones actually capturing it happening making it undeniable by the white people who claim cops are all great heroes who only serve the community.
Posting on /r/politics: EVERYTHING BAD IS TRUMPS FAULT, IT WAS HILLARYS TURN AND IF SHE HAD WON WE WOULD BE THE BEST MOST PROGRESSIVE COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.
No, thats called ROTC.
I’d rather be homeless in California than have to live in middle America, lol.
It is, I’ve lived in a third world country before and being homeless in CA is better.
I’m just waiting for Activator and Springtomize to work to be honest.
My favorite is how most Americans think if you hate one you are devoted to the other and there can't possibly be anyway that someone thinks both are scum.
&gt; I'm glad your vote was not a waste. Did you vote for the herbal supplement wacko or the life-size mannequin that doesn't know the first thing about the Middle East? The part youre missing is that as horrible as Stein and Johnson were (yes, they were really horrible), they were still exponentially better than both HRC and Trump put together. I'll vote third party every time the mainstream candidates are that fucking awful.
'And two of them should probably be minorities...right?'
I would rather take a non-politician with good ideas (so not Trump) over someone whos entire political experience consists of heavy warmongering, deporting child refugees back to war torn countries to 'make a point,' fighting on behalf of corporate interests to suppress minimum wage hikes in third world countries, changing her stance when her donors tell her to, etc... Having 'experience' doesn't mean shit when that experience is all right wing, warmongering, corporate backed non-sense.
Maybe he was just influenced by our founding fathers?
They are racist in their own way. They believe in white mans burden and have strong 'white savor complexes' which is why they fully support all US wars and the CIA overthrowing governments and placing US backed puppets in third world countries.
&gt; I agree with the people who have a distaste in their mouths over people taking advantage of the system I don't, not one bit. SNAP costs tax payers peanuts compared to corporate welfare. People who have a distaste in their mouth over people 'taking advantage' of it are just bitter people looking for those worse off than them to look down on. You did the right thing by getting it and don't let anyone look down on you for it. http://www.truth-out.org/opinion/item/19844-food-stamps-are-affordable-corporate-welfare-is-not
You sound like a teenager/manchild who has always been completely supported by his parents.
&gt; however when the deck is stacked against us it is extremely difficult. They're two able-bodied white people who at the very least can afford a car and the gas to run it. There are no 'decks' stacked against them.
If you think stealing deserves death then you may be happier in Saudi Arabia... No wait, even Sharia isn't that extreme, they just take your hand. Congratulations on being more extreme than a radical Muslim.
So then, equally extreme as a radical Muslim...
No, it’s called wanting to live in a civilized nation. I know the US is pretty much a third world country, but the way you guys talk about Muslims and pretend to be against Sharia law, it’s pretty funny (and hypocritical) that you are even more extreme. The term ‘y’all qaeda’ is quite accurate.
I’ve always called it bag spreading.
Where can I get the deb for that?
I don't know about Syria, but in Iran we all had satellites to get around government censorship and channels that were not legally sanctioned.
Fuck US soldiers.
Yea no. As a brown guy I can confirm racism comes from both democrats and republicans. White people in America are just racist as fuck in general, it's what brings you guys together.
The fact that he was sued for racial discrimination in not allowing black people to rent in his apartment complex.
No-go zones do exist though... [at least in America](https://sundown.tougaloo.edu/sundowntowns.php)
Your statement wasn't just 'white supremacists support Trump' it was that all white supremacists support Trump, which is very obviously false if youre a visible minority and spent any amount of time in America.
No, this guy was [definitely](https://ceddit.com/r/h3h3productions/comments/7kct5z/fascinating/drdmwra/) racist.
Not so much ‘communist,’ just not imperialist.
Right... fuck US Soldiers!
&gt; SFO &lt;&gt; LAX flight in the past year without fairly large delays, except for **a couple red eyes** Uhh... I didn't know they did flights that left SF at night and circled around for hours waiting for morning before landing in LA...
I'm gonna be flying there in June and super excited, how was customs I am thinking of bringing my vape pen as well. Also if you fly business with a lie-flat seat you can make it into a bed and put the blanket over your head and sneak a vape hit really easily.
Edibles don't hit some people right. They make me super paranoid and anxious.
That was mostly tongue in cheek lol.
CA gives more money to the feds than they take. They would be even richer without having to bailout the welfare red-states that are pretty much third world countries.
Hmm, thanks for the info. Do they let you take a private test drive for a few hours at the dealership if I was to find one in Italy? I can prove that I have the funds to buy one with cash if that' all they need.
&gt; Well the Latino community replaced an Irish one that was there before Not really. Racist Irish people moved to the suburbs because they didn't want to live near brown people. And taqueria's don't have insane prices that keep out most of the neighborhood.
They look like [this](https://imgur.com/YZ12XtY). Hope that satisfied your curiosity!
More like [kill all the homeless](https://imgur.com/YZ12XtY)
I got Ferrari money, not Pagani money... At least not yet!
He's like the real life GOB Bluth.
All the democrats. Democrats are conservative.
So did the cult leaders that found America.
It’s a waste of money that could go to much better use all to appease xenophobic jingoists.
&gt; for simply doing their job and following orders Their 'jobs' gets countless people tortured, raped, and killed while also utterly destroying piss poor countries that never attacked, much less threatened their own. Fuck them.
You are compared to the people who have to starve and work in horrid conditions for you to a have a device to type this on.
&gt; But in reality, pretty much zero examples of it have ever worked out. Because pretty much anytime it tried to flourish, the US was right there with all of it's military might to squash it...
&gt;Better than praising Washington and other genocidal 'founding fathers' and being a racist. Don't forget that they fucked children too.
Dictatorships that your elected government [(in many cases)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_Guatemalan_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat) violently put in place and props up for the benefit of our corporations and by extention you...
&gt; I don't believe my elected government did that. lol, then you willfully live in ignorance and there is no point in conversing with you.
I admit I assumed you were American, but [Canada's hands aren't clean](https://thelinknewspaper.ca/article/canada-helped-overthrow-haitian-democracy) either... Fact is if you live in a first world country you're not 'poor' compared to the people that break their backs creating nearly everything you consume. The capitalism you enjoy is only because countries in the west exploit the shit out of developing countries. Also not me that's downvoting, don't know what to tell ya...
Americans don’t understand the concept of giving things back. Their entire history is literally stealing other people shit from their land to their labor and claiming it was always theirs to begin with.
The US has always been less trustworthy and more blood-thirsty than Iran. How many deals has Iran broken in the last century? How many countries have they attacked? Now ask yourself the same about the US.
Take a wild guess. You can’t be that dense can you?
I've seriously been getting numerous calls and texts from her campaign and it's getting quite annoying, finally decided to write back and got this with no further explanation or anything. I don't expect this to be too popular here though since it's filled with her loyalists but I though others would find it funny. Edit: Pissed off Voters did a great write-up on which I largely agree with on why not to vote for Breed if you're a progressive. I'll paste it here for convenience: &gt;Why not London Breed? &gt;Maaaaan, we really wanna like London. She’s got a great story, the kind of story that inspires us to take on inequity in San Francisco. That’s real. The problem is: she also has a long track record of punting on actual solutions to inequity. &gt;UPDATE #1: What's up with London Breed asking for the Republican Party's endorsement and sending out fundraising letters from prominent Republicans? We get into that here. &gt;UPDATE #2: KALW asked Breed about the Tenant Union's criticism of her record. She incorrectly claimed they lied and then she incorrectly claimed she voted for an ordinance regulating tenant buyouts that she actually voted against! Ooph. &gt;For those new to the city, you may just be hearing about Breed for the first time, so you might be feeling her story. If you’ve been here for a minute, you still might be hearing about Breed for the first time, because as the Chronicle noted, she’s got a “thin legislative record.” Breed has a long voting record as a Supervisor but has repeatedly failed to take a position on important issues. (On our questionnaire, she skipped the questions on Prop F for Renters Right to Counsel, police discipline, congestion pricing, and 2014’s anti-speculation tax.) She’s got a troubling anti-tenant record. She refused to support the anti-speculation tax designed to limit evictions; she opposed legislation to regulate “tenant buyouts” which displace thousands of San Franciscans; and tried to decrease relocation funds for tenants evicted by the Ellis Act. Yet she campaigns on being a lifelong renter herself. What gives? &gt;San Francisco Rising Action Fund, a longtime people-powered grassroots organization pointed out, “The legislation that was passed for Sanctuary City, Inclusionary Affordable Housing For All, and even a non-binding resolution against Police Brutality were all substantially weakened by London Breed. For these reasons, we cannot support her for Mayor.” Her contentious relationship with tenant rights groups, including the low-income residents of Midtown in her own district, is particularly troubling in our majority-renter City. &gt;Breed’s first campaign slogan said she would be a “mayor for all San Francisco.” But during the campaign she’s failed to show up at a number of important candidate forums. Skipping out on groups like Jobs with Justice, SF Rising, the Council of Community Housing Organizations, the Latino Democratic Club, and many others doesn’t sound like a “mayor for all SF.” And as President of the Board of Supervisors, we’ve heard over and over again of her and her staff refusing to meet with constituents or community advocacy groups. &gt;From the get-go, Breed picked sides with the special interests that have run this city through three consecutive mayoral dynasties. Are you upset about Mark Farrell being our interim Mayor? We've had tons of beef with Farrell (tons and tons). That's why we were so disappointed with how Breed empowered Farrell by making him chair of the Budget committee (twice!) and Land Use committee. Breed's committee assignments always empowered the more-conservative Supervisors and sidelined the progressives. &gt;Why are we tripping on this? TBH, the inequities and disparities in this city have only grown over the last 25 years, fueled by pay-for-play corruption and corporate deregulation cheerleading from City Hall. Whether it’s from the Realtors Association, serial evictors, or tech CEOs who resist reasonable regulations and attack women of color, these same forces are all in for Breed. She says a lot of the right things, and it can be hard to cut through the headlines and political drama that have surrounded this race since Mayor Ed Lee passed away. But her disappointing voting record, when considered with the monied interests that back her, show her siding consistently with the corporate special interests who work against families, tenants, and victims of police brutality. &gt;We’ll let SF Rising close it out: &gt;“Our vision for progressive governance includes the elected leadership of native San Franciscans, of women, and of working-class people of color. Especially given the mass displacement of Black families and poor people, someone like London Breed, with her lived experiences, appears so promising… But in choosing our leaders, their individual identities cannot outweigh their actions and policy decisions that impact our communities and families.” Word. http://www.theleaguesf.org/#mayor
It died down a bit between then and the time the US shot down an Iranian civilian airliner killing all on board and then refused to apologize. It really came back though after the US gave Saddam chemical weapons and the intel to use it, killing countless Iranians. It’s like one country actually kills scores of people and one just chants about it but somehow the country that has the most blood on its hands thinks it’s somehow the better one.
Yes you can, Gore and the democrats at large are conservative.
I'd be surprised if they even knew who he was...
Rollins is way more liberal than Jello though.
There's a difference between sending a text and sending multiple text every week from different numbers as well as dozens of calls a week. And then [acting like an idiot](https://www.reddit.com/r/sanfrancisco/comments/8om5gs/sick_of_being_spammed_by_breed_campaigners_i/) when challenged
[Felons can vote](https://www.jobsforfelonshub.com/felon-voting-rights/california/) in CA!
Does Newson remind anyone else of GOB Bluth. His face, mannerisms, voice, privileged upbringing... everything about him screams GOB to me.
&gt; To be wanted by fewer voters and still win is American? It absolutely is, look at who's president. It's why so many of us are fed up with the FPTP/two party system.
This donut shop always has a line going down the block at this time. The cops found a convenient way of getting their donuts without having to wait in line.
Are you white and straight? That’s why they seem so nice to you, I bet that would change quickly had you been gay or brown.
So you're admitting that workers subsidize failing businesses then with their exploited labor...
I think this idiot thinks the civil war and civil rights are the same thing... lol.
This but un-ironically.
Yea but brown people chanting anti-American things is way worse than us actually killing them!
I agree with everything you said except for calling democrats/Obama/CNN the left. They are all squarely right wing and there is no mainstream representation for the left in America which is a big source of our current problems and why we constantly slide further and further right.
Seriously, what’s with the collared shirt over t-shirt look? It’s as bad as sneaning and needs its own name.
Yup, they also all revere the founding fathers who were also pedophiles, rapists, and slavers. And they actually existed. edit @ /u/mytest135 since comments are locked: No, it's been taken over by dumbfuck Americans like you too ignorant to even know their own history. Thomas Jefferson was [all three](http://blackyouthproject.com/sally-hemings-thomas-jefferson-and-the-normalization-of-slave-rape-narratives/)
And meanwhile he is fighting for everyone to have the same prosperity as he does compared to all the other politicians who fight for us to bail-out the billionaires while keeping the average person poor as shit.
Psychopathic behavior is siding with the very people who kill fucking babies.
No, they cared when it was Bush doing it, but then when their team won and not only continued, but expanded it, it was suddenly okay. They'll start to pretend to care once again now that a republican is back in power.
&gt; That’s similar to saying all Middle East countries deserve what happened to them because of 9/11. It’s a disgusting, toxic attitude. Not even close. Americans vote for the politicians who do all these shitty things, did anyone in the middle east elect Al Qaeda to act on behalf of them?
Great, so you're a a capitalist pig. Still not punk.
I don’t step foot out of SF, LA, or NYC. When I want to travel to developing countries I’d rather go to places with culture, like Vietnam.
I’d rather a country internally ban women from watching football than one that kills, tortures, and rapes countless men, women, and children in defenseless countries for their resources and supports brutal dictators all over the world. Pretty much every country on earth with a few exceptions has the moral high ground when compared to the US.
It already exists, it’s called the Green Party...
So then we should be letting more of them in as asylum seekers, not treating as bad as the cartel does down there.
Same, I’m in Italy right now and the locals have been nothing but kind to us. My wife is Jewish and I’m Iranian if that means anything...
When was America opposed to human rights abuses? Virtue signaling/grand-standing aside...
Which one has the better scuba diving?
&gt; Tell me why it bad to investigate and stop what is happening right now. Who ever said this?
&gt; The Green party appeals to voters who aren't in touch with reality. While the democrats and republicans appeal to voters who don't give a shit about murdering countless children abroad.
Why are you assuming Nader voters would have voted Gore? Since we're just speaking out of asses now if Gore hadn't run, Nader would have been president and given that Gore was pretty much a more boring Bush, that would have been the ideal outcome.
And you offer nothing but idiotic name calling while supporting people who literally murder children. Seeing as your reality is more war-crimes and torture, I will gladly detach from it as I'm not human garbage, damaging the world through actual bombs.
I never voted for anyone who is responsible for murdering children much less even campaigned on it. How many kids were murdered by the people you have voted for? Good job proving you don't give a shit about dead children as long as it's your team doing the killing.
Shit dude, there's a comment supporting her right below you on this sub and it's upvoted. I wish these people would just move back to middle america and leave us the fuck alone.
&gt; the people who were actually hurt are long dead. You really think people who were alive in the 1950's are long dead? You can't be that stupid can you?
That’s absolutely false. The far right wants to enslave blacks again, the far left wants equality for all races, as an ‘enlightened centrist’ are you saying you would choose the middle ground which in this case is segregation?
That 20% accounts for white liberals who think being a Democrat means they’re left wing.
You sound fat
The majority of the fault falls on those who blindly voted for HRC during the primary because ‘it’s her turn’ and were so sure she’d win.
Please, it’s not just the republicans enabling this. If it wasn’t for certain democrats most of his shitty legislation and appointments would have been killed. A few examples include continued funding for Saudi Arabia’s war in Yemen, deregulating banks, and the appointment of master torturer Gina Haspel to lead the CIA, a person who should be in prison for war crimes but I guess Obama was more interested in expanding Bush’s wars than bringing justice to the very masterminds responsible for the countless deaths and torturing of civilians. Pretending politics is a team sport and only feigning outrage when it’s the other team doing horrible shit while giving your team a pass is the reason we’re in this mess in the first place.
I mean, if they did they just wanted more war and death, so...
More of a chance than Clinton who lost to Donald fucking Trump, hell even Chafee and that other guy could’ve probably beaten Trump. She was bad and her die hard supporters are bad and the reason we’re stuck in this fucking mess.
Forget the far left, the normal left has never even had a voice in mainstream American politics. Clinton is a conservative and so are the vast majority of democrats save for a few exceptions. It’s laughable that Clinton supporters get mad at leftists for not supporting a warhawk who loves to fuck with piss poor countries and deport children back to war zones to ‘send a message’ among many other atrocious traits.
Actually the IMF/World bank lead by western nations have been doing this long before China ever got into the game...
Because only fat people take the internet so seriously. Try outside sometime.
Yea policies like strong-arming the Haitian government to deny a min. wage increase for sweatshop workers to a measly 60c on behalf of her corporate friends at Hanes and Levis, deporting children back to war-torn countries to "make a point," and threatening to nuke Iran on behalf of Israel among other atrocious policies. No thanks.
More like 'nightly' I do normal people stuff during the day and reddit at night in bed til I fall asleep. I'm currently in Italy for a month, it's amazing you should try it and not take the internet so seriously.
Absolutely false, just take your pick from any article [here](https://www.google.it/search?q=imf+world+bank+destroy+developing+nations&amp;rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS738US738&amp;oq=imf+world+bank+destroy+developing+nations&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.11963j0j8&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) and compare to those [here](https://www.google.it/search?rlz=1C5CHFA_enUS738US738&amp;ei=IAI0W9ziKMmrU5uUqoAE&amp;q=china+destroy+developing+nations+africa&amp;oq=china+destroy+developing+nations+africa&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.3...82890.87469.0.87686.12.12.0.0.0.0.292.582.2-2.2.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..10.1.289...33i160k1.0.IJZxld6Vpto)
No, they actually didn't. Liberals who have no idea what leftism is sure did, but actual leftist are much further from Clinton than she is from Trump and wouldn't throw away their votes on a war-mongering, capitalist pig. Sorry some of us actually have morals and won't vote for an asshole whose decisions have and will more children.
Lol, when was the last time Iran invaded another country, completely destroying it, killing over a million civilians, and giving rise to groups like ISIS? The only fucking idiot here is the one who can’t recognize that the US has far more blood on its hands and human rights abuses than Iran could ever hope for.
A stated mission of destroying another country is a far cry from actually destroying multiple countries which the US has done.
&gt; 1980 lol, and what country did Iran invade in 1980 in this alternate reality of yours? The fact that you think Iran has invaded anyone in the last century proves what a blathering idiot you are.
[Here](http://engineering.sfsu.edu/) is SFSU's shcool of engineering website... As a Californian I always love it when middle Americans try to shit on us, the most prosperous state in the country, while they live in absolute squalor in states that could never survive without our welfare.
[Here](http://engineering.sfsu.edu/) is SFSU's shcool of engineering website... As a Californian I always love it when middle Americans try to shit on us, the most prosperous state in the country, while they live in absolute squalor in states that could never survive without our welfare.
Those nerds are right that we should be sad though, fucker lived way too long and should have died decades ago for any real justice.
How does that give him any credit? despite multiple natural disasters we are still the most prosperous/productive state and still manage to subside pretty much all the red states. If they had similar disasters they would be... well just look at Louisiana which still hasn't recovered from a hurricane they had over a decade ago.
&gt;As democrats lol
lol, [here](https://snew.notabug.io/r/Military/comments/9t551f/military_medically_rejected/e8tq00o/) he claims he goes to UCLA and has a totally high GPA, whining about how the military won't let him in due to a 'genetic disease' and asking if any foreign military's will take him. Oh yea, he also 'speaks 6 languages fluently'! His whole post history is a mix of /r/sadcringe /r/incel and /r/asablackman
He was recently using his influence to lobby for the appointment of Kavanaugh. Fuck the Bush's through and through.
&gt; I think we might be able to establish that there is a difference between Saddam and George Bush. Yea, Bush is responsible for exponentially more death and suffering around the globe than Saddam could ever hope to achieve, fuck them both.
Funny how his long list of war crimes and atrocities has been posted continuously in this thread but none of these chuds ever reply, just go into a new thread and keep repeating 'but why do you think he's such a bad guy!'
But democrats are the far left?? Didn't you hear Obama is totally a socialist and Hilary was a Marxist-Maoist!
Aka ‘I’d rather live in squalor than give non-white people benefits too!’
White genocide is awesome. Mayocide NOW!
Point to me where it’s in violation of the deal.
How is it fair to think every single person in those countries are terrorists?
I was a punker so I was an anarchist before even knowing what it meant!
&gt; America leads the world in all categories that matter. If by 'leads' you mean 'is at the bottom of,' sure. But I think you're just an uneducated idiot.
Obama
Why is everyone so up-in-arms about 'foreign propaganda' (especially the Iranian one that doesn't amount to literally anything and is just another anti-Iranian push...) but is absolutely quiet about the US/Military propaganda that is pushed here literally every single day? Hell, the last time reddit shared data on city with the most redditors, it was Eglin, which has absollutely nothing other than a military base...
It's so funny but frustrating, people on /r/conspiracy believe that the riots are about Frances immigration and refugee policy and nothing else.
I agree. I was around during the Bush years to see all the faux leftist liberals pop-up and then completely disappear once Obama was elected. I guarantee the same happens after Trump when another 'hope and change' liberal is elected and everything is great again!
Yea, there's no ethical consumption in capitalism^TM so lets just throw all ethics out the window and participate in one of the most oppressive and destructive practices, it's all unethical anyways right?
Oh yes, how could we have been so stupid to criticize people “forced” to join a voluntary imperialist military where all they have to do is participate in the death of countless civilians, torture, and the destruction of entire countries just to get a few bucks more than working min. wage would get them. Listen, most of us grew up poor, I️ grew up in a fucking war zone caused by your ‘friends,’ but you don’t see us kicking down the doors and killing those even worse off than us just to get ahead. Fuck the troops.
Only dumbfuck Americans can pretend not being cool with people who are literally killing and torturing brown people is 'demanding moral purity.' Get the fuck outta here.
&gt; Ordinary foot soldiers bear remarkably little responsibility for what goes on. Bullshit, they share just as much responsibility as those who ordered them there, if not even more as they empower the politicians by volunteering to personally carry out their will. You can't fight a war if everyone refuses to fight.
&gt; Also vets who come over to leftist points of view make very, very strong allies. No they don't, leftism is a movement for the oppressed, not the oppressors. We don't need torturers and killers in our movement to succeed and allowing them in only harms our image and pushes out the very minorities you pretend to care about.
That’s the best analogy to this I’ve heard! I’m stealing it lol.
Thank god we have enlightened centrist like you though to look out for decency of nazis.
Are you seriously comparing an entire race to a chosen occupation? WTF is wrong with you?
What I 'believe' doesn't matter, the harsh reality that most Americans like yourself won't accept (for some reason beyond me) is that they all at the very least abetted the war criminals, killers, and rapists. Whether they were there directly pulling the trigger or just in a support role doesn't matter, just like if I were to drive my 'brothers' to your house to rape your sister and murder your entire family I would still be arrested and held responsible even though I didn't personally murder anyone. Everyone who volunteers for the US military is personally okay with having to kill brown people and whatever they do is directly helping further that goal, there is no way around that. Not everything is 'good or evil' but some things very clearly are, like volunteering to bring massive death and destruction to piss poor countries that never attacked, much less threatened you own. And here you are, on a leftist sub filled with the very people personally oppressed by the US military, sticking up for the very imperialist soldiers responsible for not only our families deaths and oppression but also millions of others death and millions more oppressed in the last decade alone.
It's the enlightened imperial left, only found in America, where even their leftists have some far right tendencies.
I’m not a killer like you so I’m good, I’ll just stick with ostracizing them and letting them know what pieces of shit they are and let PTSD take care of it. You’re wrong though theres not that many, like at all.
It’s a horrible comparison to compare an entire race of people to an occupation. A better, more apt comparison would be all cops are bastards does that mean all soldiers are too? And the answer is yes, absolutely.
I guess if you're 12 you'd think [18-~30 years](https://imgur.com/iWdJY3i) old is old
lol no, the people that they rape, torture, and kill are the victims of capitalism, is that what you meant? Soldiers are the most oppressive enforcers of capitalism.
Check out [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/a3rvoq/generic_military_propaganda_upvotes_to_the_left/), it's chock full of them, getting upvoted as well...
Pretty much all of us here grew up poor and didn't go raiding the homes and killing those who are even worse off than us for just a few bucks more than what we could get working shit jobs. They absolutely had other choices than joining the military as the millions of poor people who didn't prove.
I grew up poorer than any American can imagine in a third world country in the middle of a US backed war on my people, so get the fuck outta here with this bullshit. And yea, i'd much rather poor people take advantage of the 'free market' over taking advantage of people even poorer than them, killing, torturing, and destroying their entire communities, just to get slightly ahead. Fuck US soldiers. When did this sub become infested with imperialist liberals? yeesh
ok, because you know my life and no one has ever grown up in a warzone, all those people in the countries the US bombs are just NPC's right? Get the fuck out of here you imperialist piece of shit.
Because we all know massive debt is way worse than having to kill people even poorer than ourselves! What's a few million brown lives in the grand scheme of things if it means I get to go to college!
Yikes at the downvotes. In one thread I see people defending HRC, in other people defending imperialist soldiers... This sub is quickly falling to the liberal American imperialists masquerading around as leftists.
eww
double eww
Yes, but while he is worse in that regard, Clinton is worse in others. For example she is staunch warmonger and much more capable/smarter than Trump in that she would have easily launched more new wars while expanding our current ones, so while we my not have had a rapist on the supreme court, we would have had entirely new countries of women raped, killed, and tortured by US soldiers because of her. Furthermore, Trump has pushed a lot of people left that would have been perfectly complacent under Clinton. My local DSA grew from roughly 30 people to 300 in just the first year he was elected and actual progressives are being voted into office. Only ignorant know-it-all types can pretend to know that Trump is 100% worse than a Clinton presidency.
Are you blind conrad? [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChapoTrapHouse/comments/a3rvoq/generic_military_propaganda_upvotes_to_the_left/eb964k7/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=ChapoTrapHouse) is an example, there are many more in the thread.
lol, imagine being so fucking retarded you think any of those sites are 'far left.'
Holy shit, is that the guy that made the Fable games? wtf
&gt; kucinich Kucinich was always pretty much the only dem I liked, but then he kinda disappeared and the next time I saw him was on Fox news mildly supporting Trump, WTF happened?
Thinking universal healthcare and college tuition are 'pie in the sky free pony policies' is exactly what makes you a conservative. You even have a poor understanding of politics.
It’s not ‘intellectual dishonesty’ you’re just politically ignorant. The democrats and liberalism in general is a center-right wing/conservative philosophy, and when you go against even the most basic center-left ideals like universal healthcare you are put squarely in the right wing. It might seem ‘pie in he sky’ to you and I️ understand Americans are typically dumb as rocks, but literally every developed (and plenty of under-developed) countries have it, I’m sure you can just copy one of them.
No, the sad thing is that you are so confidence in your own ignorance. I'm not here to educate you, though I feel you don't even want to be educated but a brief summary; capitalists (which liberals and democrats are) is right wing and socialism/communism is left wing. Social democrats like most European countries are center left, while (outside of Bernie) the furthest left you'll find is center right.
You should appreciate it given that you think you and the democrats are left wing while thinking even center-left ideas are 'pie in the sky.' It just comes off as plain ignorant to anyone who's not a dumbass American. But hey, you guys elected Trump so I'm not too shocked at your utter stupidity.
only if you post your hog.
Still would need to see that hog.
&gt; the Cow is extinct in the wild I don't think that's entirely true... I saw many cows in the wild while in India.
My wife’s entire family is Israeli and the dude is absolutely right. I’ve never met a nation of people so abhorrently racist and vile.
Pretty sure they banned me there years ago for saying bad things about the troops lol.
You've been banned from /r/socialism
I remember when I was a kid seeing my crazy Iranian father ready to kill himself because he saw two men kissing in the parking lot of the grocery store.
All cops and soldiers are bastards. (inb4 some Amercan comes in here with some shit like 'but they gotta kill brown people to get money for college, they good boys I swear!)
Yup, every good reason to hate cops applies to soldiers as well. Soldiers are just more killer/rapier cops that operate outside of the country, fuck them both.
Nah she’s the only person who could lose to Trump.
Nashnedi? Apparently we get paid to be here now!
No they're not, get out of here with this liberal bullshit. The people they volunteer to oppress are the victims.
&gt; It’s nice to see you finally admit he lost bc he’s not qualified to be the DNC presidential candidate. Bye I mean, that's not something I'd brag about or even bring up given the fact that the person you guys chose lost to Donald fucking Trump of all people, lol.
lol you sound mad. Bernie had much more rigged against him in the primary than Clinton did in the general, but please tell me how fucking dumb you are for still supporting the only shitheel who could possibly lose such a softball election to Trump.
Don't you know that Americans are so fucking dumb that a few Facebook ads can totally sway them to do anyones bidding.
Seriously, I️ only see this shit spouted by white people longing for any type of victim complex. Meanwhile there’s plenty of non-white rich people who still get harassed constantly by police, discriminated against, can’t get a cab, etc. hell of my memory serves me right wasn’t there even a black congressmen who was denied entry to the White House or something for being black?
[Mines hotter and more patriotic!](https://i.imgur.com/Db2Wk.jpg)
Trump already said he wants only immigrants from Norway.
Nah, just like undying support for Israel, bombing every piss poor country in existence, and handing over billions in welfare to corporations, that is something I think would get strong bi-partisan support.
A better question for yourself is why you're lumping being anti-Israel with disliking Judaism? My wife is an Israeli jew and we are both staunchly against the apartheid state of Israel and zionism in general. GTFO here with this bullshit.
[these](http://gothamist.com/2017/07/19/schumer_gillibrand_co-sponsor_senat.php) look like republicans to you? This is just another reason why people who spew the 'vote blue, no matter who!' bullshit are just as fucking dumb as the republicans they pretend to hate so much when most of the people they support are democrats in name only.
But it’s so much easier to just blame Russia for everything than to actually take any responsibility ourselves!
Exactly, and this being an American website means most Americans won’t get it.
Anyone else notice that roughly 2-4 hours ago a bunch of users that post extensively to /r/Israel showed up to defend this sick ‘joke’ and their hate sub? It’s funny how brute trying to claim it’s not a hate sub, but as a Persian (Jew at that), someone who is the target of their hate often, it absolutely is.
Who's gonna join me in spamming them with pictures of [abu ghraib](https://imgur.com/yUV8OWi), [US soldiers](https://i.imgur.com/Xsqvg.jpg), and tips about GITMO?
[here](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/feb/25/guantanamo.bookextracts) is his story. Really fucked up stuff. &gt;The two prisoners, Habibullah and Dilawar, were repeatedly chained to the ceiling and beaten [...] When Sgt. James P. Boland saw Mr. Habibullah on Dec. 3, he was in one of the isolation cells, tethered to the ceiling by two sets of handcuffs and a chain around his waist. His body was slumped forward, held up by the chains...kneeing the prisoner sharply in the thigh, "maybe a couple" of times. Mr. Habibullah's limp body swayed back and forth in the chains. When medics arrived, they found Habibullah dead. &gt;[...] &gt;Dilawar, who died on December 10, 2002, was a 22-year-old Afghan taxi driver and farmer who weighed 122 pounds and was described by his interpreters as neither violent nor aggressive. When beaten, he repeatedly cried "Allah!" The outcry appears to have amused U.S. military personnel. The act of striking him in order to provoke a scream of "Allah!" eventually "became a kind of running joke," according to one of the MPs...An interrogator told Mr. Dilawar that he could see a doctor after they finished with him. When he was finally sent back to his cell, though, the guards were instructed only to chain the prisoner back to the ceiling."Leave him up," one of the guards quoted Specialist Claus as saying. Several hours passed before an emergency room doctor finally saw Mr. Dilawar. By then he was dead, his body beginning to stiffen.
shhhh... the dog whistle we use is 'free college' can't let the civies know what's really going on
Cool deflection, but what about the class traitors that volunteers to directly carry out the ‘systems’ war? They are both the enemies of the people they are actively killing and oppressing.
But reddit told me to vote blue no matter who and not worry about inconvenient things like actual policies or corporate sponsors!
&gt; before they completely colonise it and leave the public with a choice only between "right wing" and "rabidly right wing" at election time. There is no before, the democrats have been a right wing party for as long as I've been alive and that's multiple democratic presidents.
Egypt blockades Gaza because the US pays them to do it in Israel’s behalf, no other reason.
&gt; But the fact remains that HRC facilitated selling 20% of our uranium reserves to an oligarchy while accepting payments to her foundations. A very real security threat. lol, you think we give a shit about Clinton here? Stop playing coy and post your hog, to make this quick I'll give you [mine first](https://i.imgur.com/H1Jn5pH.jpg) for free!
Planning? I'm already 2 years in conrad, find yourself a partner and make some mixed race babies stat!
[we got another one boys!?!?!?!](https://i.imgur.com/6TL6kIA.gif)
I like spamming them with something from [this](https://imgur.com/a/SxEkc), makes them go fucking ape, especially the chuds at /r/imgoingtohellforthis.
Don't worry, even if a handful of republicans flip you can be sure there will be more than enough democrats ready to confirm whatever shitshow he nominates like the rest of his horrific appointments, [Gina Haspel](https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/17/politics/gina-haspel-confirmation-vote/index.html) being one of the more atrocious ones. This country is just doomed and we're intent on taking the whole planet with us.
For when you wanna visit family down south in the most environmentally destructive way possible! edit: Funny how this is downvoted and 'controversial' are all you idiots downvoting me climate change deniers too or what?
Pretty sure he says that in all of his videos.
BUT /R/POLITICS TOLD ME TO VOTE BLUE NO MATTER WHO????? Who woulda thunk you should vote based on policy rather than teams?
'Carbon footprint' is only one of the many ways cruises are environmentally destructive. https://www.honeycolony.com/article/cruise-ships-harm-planet-life/
I know you think America owns the world, but you can't just go around re-defining lost established words/political theories to fit whatever crazy narrative you want. Support for endless war, for profit healthcare/prisons/education, economic imperialism, unfettered capitalism, deportations of refugees, etc. etc. are all squarely right wing politics no matter how you want to define it. So what you see as 'discord on the left' is actually right wingers pretending to be leftists and complaining about why actual leftists think their garbage.
and... he's a fascist.
He became a triple amputee by being a a despicable sack of shit in the first place. Fuck him through and through.
&gt; suffering the worst possible trauma pretty sure his victims who never had the option to volunteer are suffering exponentially worse trauma. Fuck him, fuck the troops, and fuck America.
i dont even believe in christmas
Sounds like you just have a failing business and are hoping to exploit workers to help subsidize it.
I think he meant they volunteer to kill innocent kids, then come back in 20 years later and make a movie about how killing your kids made their soldiers feel sad.
Well, by 'you' I'm assuming it means at the personal level. No one person is going to over-throw capitalism, but more and more people joining a boycott movement against the meat industry certainly will help save the planet from impending doom. Hell, the best way to overthrow capitalism in the first place is to get as many people as you can to boycott everything and consume as little as possible.
Organize to do what? Like organize a boycott perhaps...
&gt; You could convince everyone you know to go vegan and it wouldn't put a dent in co2 emissions. The only way to do it fast enough is to go directly to the source of pollution. Everyone I know, probably not. But everyone in the west, absolutely. So you then you agree when the revolution comes everyone will be forced into veganism? &gt;Relying on individuals to just volunteer to take the burden isca waste of time. ...But you literally have to rely on 'individuals' to volunteer to take on the burden for any cause at the start to have it snowball into anything meaningful, again are you just waiting to be forced into it? As a true leftist who wants a revolution and to save the planet, why not lead by example. Hell, (and this is a bit off topic here...) the environment is the most liberal reason to stop eating meat, if you want to get into leftist principals we can get into animal exploitation or the worker exploitation rife in the meat industry, where people are over-worked in dangerous conditions and suffer [much higher](https://www.texasobserver.org/ptsd-in-the-slaughterhouse/) rates of PTSD from the work. Do you not believe in boycotting industries with such horrible practices &gt;Not to mention that as more become poor or food insecure, a greater portion of the population relies on cheap food to survive. Well then it's a good thing eating vegan is the cheapest option in pretty much all but the most remote of places.
Cool, I know this one industry that is goes completely against everything leftists are supposed to believe. In fact there are millions of us boycotting it right now, wanna hear about it?
TIL supporting with the very few dollars in my wallet an industry that is wholly exploitative, oppressive, and kills the planet at an alarming rate is totally cool with internet 'leftists.' I mean who gives a shit about ideals anyway right?
No... I mean would you be happy to find out people in a revolution you support don't want to do even the bare minimum to help that revolution along if it at all conveniences them? Especially given how evil the meat industry is currently to both the animals and the workers.
Sweet catch-phrase, so what are you doing to solve systematic problems other than shit-posting on reddit?
Im sure you did squirt. Well other than not posting contrarian shit in an emotional response to getting called out for supporting the worst capitalism has to offer I do a lot of Foods Not Bombs, DSA/immigration work, and help run a punk/anarchist co-op in my community. I always want to do more, so again, let me know what you're doing to solve the systematic problems as I'm sure they must be working much better than what I'm doing here, especially if you don't even have to inconvenience yourself the slightest bit.
Whatever was not created in [this](https://www.texasobserver.org/ptsd-in-the-slaughterhouse/)
The dude made it clear, he wants revolution but not if it means it inconveniences his first world lifestyle in even the smallest way. Now go repeat a slogan to wash your guilt and call it day.
Dude, just how severe is your retardation?
Forget mass defections, there wasn’t even any small defections after they were ordered to shoot kids going to school at Kent State. The military has time and time again had no problem turning their guns on US citizens, so I️ really don’t know why it’s such a popular opinion that they would switch sides and join any future revolution. I’d love to see anyone point me to a single instance where they were ordered to fire on Americans and disobeyed.
Bullshit, every single time in history when they have been ordered to kill US citizens they acted without any problem and will continue to do so in the future. The military loves killing people and don't give the shit about your nationality when given the opportunity.
done!
I️ consider pretty much all US mainstream media to lean conservative.
Absolutely, hell just the other day I️ saw an article by them talking about how 50 or so cops got shot in he last year while failing to mention 1) how many of them were shot by other cops and 2) the nearly thousand people police themselves killed.
&gt;The tragic incident came two days after a group of Israeli settlers from the Yitzhar settlement broke into a high school in Urif village, located in southern Nablus, and began throwing stones at horrified students inside their classrooms. &gt;Dozens of students were injured during the invasion, which also led to disruption of classes and material damage. &gt;Minutes after the incident, Israeli forces also entered the high school and provided protection for the settlers while escorting them out of the area. The troopers also fired rubber-coated steel bullets and tear-gas canisters at students, causing a number of them to suffer from tear-gas inhalation. 'most moral military' shooting kids trying to learn in school after they were attacked by settler scum. Fuck Israel.
The IDF ties Palestinian children to their jeeps to use as human shields. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/israelgaza-idf-used-palestinians-as-human-shields-1200-occasions-in-last-five-years-say-israeli-defence-officials-30483468.html
https://imgur.com/Cp25f
Mueller is a traitor for fabricating evidence against Iraq to invade them.
&gt; I don’t want to shoot the kid but my guys parents, wife, children don’t deserve to have to receive that flag and all of his stuff in a box. They absolutely do deserve that and worse for volunteering to go play part in invading and destroying multiple countries. Fuck your friends and all the troops.
The npt was signed by the monarchy, a US puppet state, not the legitimate government of Iran.
He already said he voted for her...
I love you, fuck these cucks https://imgur.com/rSApc
whip your dick out and lets get gay together
lol, white people hate this book. Which just shows whiteness and their supremacy over everyone else comes before anything else to them (as the book perfectly ).
The Maldives is a cheap one hour flight from the south of India and the most beautiful place in the world. Go there.
Only if you want to stay at a private island resort with an over-water suite. You can visit Male and some of the nearby local islands for cheap. Trust me, it would be a huge mistake to be so close to the Maldives and not go, honestly heaven on earth.
That's a great idea too, heroes should also be named.
&gt;“I’m giving you five minutes to tell your family and everyone in the residence you live in to go outside. We have to blow up the building in another five minutes.” &gt;Dumbstruck, Ziada tried to protest. He explained to the mysterious caller that it was impossible to evacuate a seven-story building – where 15 families, including some with children and elderly people, lived – within five minutes. The Shin Bet man replied: “That’s of no interest to me. I already told you: You have five minutes.” SS: Israel uses these useless 'warnings' they know give no time to evacuate to bomb residential buildings, destroying the livelyhood of countless people, then when questioned say 'but I gave them a warning" and all is excused. their reason for bombing it? &gt;The office of Islamic Jihad’s welfare agency was on the floor above it – which is why the air force demolished the entire building. Every morning between 9 A.M. and noon, he says, needy families would come to the office to receive assistance. For the rest of the day the office was empty; no other activity took place there. There was no one there when the building was bombed, either. All the other apartments in the building were private residences.
ooh do me next!
&gt; But the way to protest their behavior is not by sinking down to their level. But he didn't sink down to their level as no one was tased or murdered.
Done!
Context for those asking: https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-were-all-palestinians-killed-in-hebron-really-a-threat-to-soldiers-1.5421480 &gt; Mahdi al-Muhtaseb, 24, worked in two sweet-pastry bakeries. On the evening of October 29, he had plans to meet the young woman who was intended to be his fiancée. In the preceding days, he bought a large amount of nutritional supplements to complement his workouts at the gym. “Such a person is not thinking of suicide, nor about prison,” his mourning father and brother told Haaretz a week ago, at their home in Hebron’s Al-Kassara neighborhood. On the morning of October 29, he walked, as per usual, to his second job in the Al-Dik neighborhood – to a relatively new bakery called Tito. His home, the route, the bakery – all are in the H2 area under full Israeli control, although his home and the bakery are outside the area where the settlers live. On the way, he had to pass through the Al-Salaymeh checkpoint. &gt; &gt; Something happened at the checkpoint: Perhaps a fight broke out between a soldier from the Kfir Brigade and Muhtaseb. His family and neighbors assume the soldier taunted the young Palestinian, as often happens at the checkpoints, and that Muhtaseb retaliated. The soldier was wounded in the head. A neighbor said he noticed a soldier bleeding from his face. Muhtaseb started to run away. The owner of a nearby store saw him running and then heard heavy gunfire; shots also hit a car and the road. The store owner rushed to close his doors and go up onto the roof. In those few minutes, as video footage shows, Muhtaseb lay injured on the ground. Two Border Police officers were just five feet away from him, aiming their rifles. Muhtaseb moved a bit and raised his torso, and then one of the officers shot and killed him. The store owner, who had already reached the roof and knows Hebrew, heard one of the soldiers shouting, “No one take him and don’t touch him.” &gt; &gt; Haaretz asked the defense source why the soldiers killed Muhtaseb, who was already lying injured on the ground. “You must get into the soldiers’ heads and understand their perspective,” the source said. “A Palestinian comes and stabs a soldier in the head and flees [to a neighborhood where there are no Jews or soldiers – A.H.]. We don’t know if he has an explosive device on him or a weapon. The soldier asks [him] not to move. At some stage he tries to get up – and the soldier shoots again. That is what is expected of the soldier. Because maybe the terrorist was a suicide bomber with an explosive device, or takes out a gun and shoots him. You never know,” he adds. &gt; &gt; When told that Muhtaseb could have used the gun from the start, had he had one, the defense source responded, “Do you remember the case of Charlie Shlush? [A Border Police officer who, in October 1990, shot and wounded a Palestinian who had knifed to death two Israelis in Jerusalem. When Shlush went to arrest him, the Palestinian pulled out a knife and fatally stabbed Shlush in the chest.] You must remember, this is not a sterile [crime] scene. There are a lot of scenarios that, because of the terrorist threat, can still cause harm to the troops. They receive instructions, and those are the instructions,” he said.
She went on every right wing talk show that would have her to fearmonger about 'EXTREME ISLAM!!!' and fully backs the 'war on terror.' Don't fall for her bullshit.
She is just as blood-thirsty for war with Iran as Bolton/Trump. Hell, she once threatened to nuke Iran and fought tooth and nail against the nuclear deal. The other guy is right, the majority of Americans are responsible for their war-mongering government, the only ones who aren't are those that vote third party.
So basically never...
I personally like hotels.com for their free night rewards, never noticed bad treatment and frequently request early check-in/late check outs.
/r/ShitAmericansSay
&gt; he U.S. is being portrayed as the worse actor with less credibility on most subs. That's because it objectively is. How many countries has Iran aggressively invaded in the last century?
You're trying to white wash invading sovereign nations, massacring civilians, torture, and deposing democratic leaders for US corporations, descending said countries into absolute chaos and turmoil, among the US's many other atrocities. Again, how many countries has Iran aggressively invaded in the last century?
Whatever you do, don’t even entertain the idea of joining the US military. You don’t want to kill or torture innocent people even worse off than yourself for some scraps. Literally any option is better than the military, get a credit card, use it to book tickets to a cheap country, max it out there and you don’t have to pay it off.
Don’t you know everything bad in America’s history is Russia’s fault! Trail of tears - Russia! Slavery - Russia! The world wars - Russia! Jim Crow - Russia! 9/11 - again, Russia! America is just a good boy trying to spread freedom and democracy but Russia is always there to foil us!
His brain malfunctions when you bring up anything wrong the US might have done.
Any sane person would. How many wars of aggression based on lies has Iran started in the last century? Now ask the same question for America and let your pea-brain figure out why no one is buying their bullshit anymore. The US has been more violent in the last decade alone than Iran has the last century, Hell you guys have fucking concentration camps on your southern borders where numerous children have died, get off that fucking high-horse you clown.
&gt; I rarely look at people’s comment history but just got triple cancer from yours. lol, says the high-schooler who religiously posts in the donald. I think I found America's next school shooter.
This now gives Iran casus belli to (at the very least) launch a pre-emptive attack on all US assets near Iran in the middle east and military assets within America to cripple their ability to wage war.
This now gives Iran casus belli to (at the very least) launch a pre-emptive attack on all US assets near Iran in the middle east and military assets within America to cripple their ability to wage war.
This absolutely gives Iran casus belli to (at the very least) launch a pre-emptive attack on all US assets near Iran in the middle east and military assets within America to cripple their ability to wage war.
I think it's time Americans actually see what war is like. If the US invades Iran, Iranians should retaliate on Americas homeland. The only way to get them to realize the true death and destruction of war seems to be to show them first hand what it's like.
People actually declare shit they buy over-seas? I️ always just put $0 and claim I’m not bringing anything back, they NEVER actually check.
Look, he has a list of acceptable talking points he has to use and can't stray from it, got it?
I started this sub back around 2016 for this kinda shit and it has gone somewhat dead since, but this seems like the perfect time to get it going again. As you can see, /r/'progressive' has always been hard-right, corporatist shit. /r/EnoughTwoPartySpam
How did he not have control over volunteering to murder brown people? Did he not expect his victims to fight back? I'll make fun of his dumb-ass eye-patch all day long.
I absolutely agree with you about Israeli's (I'm Jewish too), but the same is also absolutely true about Americans. They have fucking concentration camps currently on their southern border and yet not a single thing has been done, even after countless kids have died and reported sexual abuse. There is a reason those two countries are such strong allies, it's their bloodlust and hatred of non-whites that brings them together.
This is what protests in Israel look like: https://i.imgur.com/akVcc3m.png https://i.imgur.com/G0MV3Tz.png
And Iran isn’t invading multiple countries on the other side of the world from them, leading to millions of dead civilians, they also arent running concentration camps where countless kids are orphaned, killed, and sexually abused. You American clowns need to get off your fucking high horse.
Nope, that would be the US.
Stop, you’re making me too wet.
Well yea, having to admit that fake meat tastes as good as, if not better, than real meat seriously bruises some peoples egos.
I constantly fly this route mostly in business though. The best business seat hands down is American. As for economy when I used to fly that Jet Blue was the best, but not sure their points program is as good as AA.
Same here. My parents were forced to move here after the US fucked up my home country, I'm low-key thinking I should vote for Trump to bring on the destruction of America sooner.
Hilary literally threatened to nuke Iran, wtf you on?
&gt; Iran special forces operate in that environment and train Iraqi militias to~~murder US soldiers and contractors.~~ pacify US state terrorists and invaders. FTFY
If the nominee isn't Bernie, the chances of the US fucking up another country will be exactly the same. At least with Trump US allies won't be as willing to help.
You’re thankful that a bunch of blood-thirsty retards are going to a country that never posed a threat, much less attacked you, to murder civilians? Yikes, you Americans sure are fucked in the head.
Huh, did you mean to reply to me? I️ was responding to the other guy who thinks US imperialists are being attacked for no reason in a country they are terrorizing...
/r/wordnews in a nutshell...
Actually, lots of killing does happen through intentional neglect. A young teen recently died from a flu while they watched him wither in pain rather than get a doctor, meanwhile doctors were arrested trying to give flu shots to the detained children.
That's not what ethnic cleansing means you idiot.
oh my, the brainwashing is strong with you. &gt;expulsion of a people in order to remove it completely from the land. literally how Israel was founded and what is currently going on with illegal settlements in the West Bank. &gt;Also Israel doesn't attack and begin conflicts, only defend fucking lol. The IDF and first few governments of Israel were literally made up of terrorist groups that murdered civilians before Israels founding and still continue to do the same.
It seems as though you can do that in America if you're white and your victims aren't.
The only good thing that can come from a war with Iran is lots of dead US soldiers.
&gt; But friends of mine, who are healthy and young can be shipped off to kill or be killed. Or they can do the moral thing and dodge the draft.
Hopefully every country that has been fucked over by the US will finally stand up to the great Satan and end it’s reign of global terror together.
The US funds and supports exponentially more terror around the globe than Iran can ever hope to. Those who spout this bullshit line are steeped in jingoistic American propaganda.
Maybe stop terrorizing other countries and your terrorists won’t get killed.
Good, they don’t belong in Iraq.
Wow you can’t be that dumb, US soldiers are most definitely terrorist. They also torture innocent people and get away with horrific war crimes.
Eat my ass you terrorist supporting liberal dumb fuck. The only good US soldier is a dead one.
Why does everyone keep saying he was responsible for hundred of dead US soldiers like it was a bad thing?
&gt; I find it surprising how people are getting upvoted for portraying Iranians as war hungry, blood thirsty animals. The irony is that it's Americans doing this, literally the most blood-thirsty, war hungry terrorists in the world today. They literally cheer on the invasions of multiple country and then thank their soldiers for murdering and torturing innocent people while also committing war-crimes with no consequence. Meanwhile Iran hasn't started an offensive war in hundreds of years. The hypocrisy of Americans knows no bounds.
He also forgot about the part where the US aggressively invaded Iraq, killing countless civilians, setting up torture camps, and giving rise to many terrorist groups which Iran then had to eradicate.
&gt; What do you do when people attack you, do you just let them? That's a good question for the Iraqis that have had their country destroyed and friends/family murdered and tortured by the US.
It's not a matter of opinion, pretty much the entire world saw the invasion of Iraq unjust and torture is against international law. You are a terrorist and war criminal sympathizer who is so brainwashed by propaganda you think the people fighting actual evil as the 'bad guys.' You braindead Americans are a fucking joke.
&gt; I remember being a terrified child huddled under a staircase during Iraqi air raids on Tehran. That was a truly privileged position as compared to what many other Iranians endured. Same here, I was only two years old and still remember everything about the bombings from the sirens to the sounds of them hitting to the cockroach infested bomb shelters we slept in. Those are my earliest memories.
And even if he did, how is that a bad thing? American troops are literally terrorists.
I'm looking forward to [this](https://imgur.com/5iMqY) coming back in style.
So does Israel
And overwhelmingly upper-middle/upper class. This is bullshit 'support da troops' propaganda. Fuck US soldiers.
*American leadership, Americans that voted for the leadership, and Americans who volunteered to join the military and play a direct role in terrorizing various countries.
Yea, instead we let cops kill people for being black.
Maybe you'd like to take a vacation to Iraq? Or Bolivia, or Libya, or Yemen, or the dozens of other countries the US has unjustly destroyed.
Maybe you should move to Iraq, or Bolivia, or Libya, or Yemen, or the dozens of other countries the US has unjustly destroyed if you think you have any moral high ground to them.
lol, the US is pretty much a third world shithole.
Why? Afraid to face the true horrors of the American regime?
Lol. I️ love how this number goes up by a few hundred every time it’s posted. Do you have any credible evidence? (Hint: you don’t)
I said credible. VOA is a widely known US state propaganda mouthpiece.
Is it credible? When it comes to Iran, absolutely not: https://www.tasnimnews.com/en/news/2019/12/25/2167498/nothing-resembling-truth-seen-in-reuters-report-on-iran-us-author https://en.farsnews.com/newstext.aspx?nn=13981004000598
I’ll lionize anyone who kills US terrorists. Don’t forget not everyone is American here and many people drawn to the left are here because the US had destroyed their country.
You know the US regime destroys any country that even has a whiff of sympathy for communism right? While Iran is not perfect, America is the much greater Satan.
lol, if it wasn't for Iran helping you guys out you'd be the next big Israeli settlement by now.
~20 years in multiple countries fighting the 'war on terror' proves that no, they absolutely can't.
I use the Gardien fish(less) fillets to make 'fish' tacos and they turn out great!
My favorite are the dumb liberals who are all like 'I'm super far left, but here is why capitalism is great and these people should be locked up for life!'
&gt;then every US soldier and commander is now also a terrorist. Well, I mean... they are though
lol, the deleted comments are mainly people calling it out as racist...
Also remember that in retaliation for the murdering cop getting a slap on the wrist, NYPD threw a hissyfit and stopped actively policing in protest. Guess what happened as a result? Crime went down! https://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-proactive-policing-crime-20170925-story.html Edit: All you idiots who think you're geniuses saying 'duh of course crime went down if cops aren't arresting people' need to read the fucking article. Crime and arrests are different words with different meanings. As the article mentions of course they took that into account and found that ACTUAL crime went down.
Sounds like his dad found his account and grounded him.
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/jul/12/israel.iran Oh wait, that's pretty much the opposite of what the other guy said. Funny how reality never seems to align with zionist propaganda, must be anti-semetic or something.
Narcissists like Clinton and Trump love to point fingers and blame everyone and anything rather than admit to any faults of their own, and their dumbass supporters eat it right up.
Narcissists like Clinton and Trump love to point fingers and blame everyone and anything rather than admit to any faults of their own, and their dumbass supporters eat it right up.Trump and Clinton are much more similar than people like the admit to, and that is why America is so fucked up.
Except Sanders never even blamed the DNC for his loss in 2016 nor anyone else. Nice try though.
Stolen from anther comment: * Saying she opposed fancy wine fundraisers even though she held them herself. * Raising money using exactly the methods she now denounces as corrupting, and falsely claiming her presidential campaign was “100% grassroots funded” when it carried over millions from a Senate campaign funded by the wealthy. * Claiming her father was a janitor when her brother insists he wasn’t. * Pretending to have been representing the interests of consumers when she was in fact working for corporations who were contesting the legal claims of retired coal miners, women sickened by faulty breast implants, rural cooperatives, and dead NASCAR drivers. (The New York Times and Washington Post both investigated her claims and documented ways in which her campaign had manipulated the truth.) * Claiming for years on government forms that her race was “American Indian”. * When a mother accused her of having sent her children to private schools, insisting her children “went to public schools” when one of them actually did go to private school. * Claiming to support Medicare For All but then, when criticized for it, backing off it completely and promising to pass something else. * Claiming that only billionaires would pay more under her Medicare For All plan, when that wasn’t true. * Allowing Harvard Law School to claim her as its first “woman of color” * Claiming that a DNA test supported the contention that she was an American Indian, then deleting the evidence she had done this. * Claiming to have been the first nursing mother to take the New Jersey bar, then when asked for evidence, saying that she “was making a point about the very serious challenges she faced.” * Telling a dubious story about her grandparents having to elope because of discrimination. * Saying she was “not political” in her younger years when she was in fact a “diehard conservative” Republican. * Claiming recipes she copied word for word from the New York Times were ancient Cherokee family dishes. * Pretending that she was releasing a health-care plan that did not raise middle class taxes. * Claiming to have “created the intellectual foundation” for Occupy Wall Street. * Criticizing the revolving door between the banking sector and government despite personally putting bankers in the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. https://www.currentaffairs.org/2020/01/the-credibility-gap/
This is exactly what I told my wife last night. If Bernie wins, all the people that didn't vote or voted 3rd party will be vindicated as without Trump, there is no Bernie in 2020. We would have had pretty much the same shit Trump is doing now but with a smile behind closed doors.
Well yea, at least in the US pigs kill roughly a thousand people a year and they are never held accountable either.
Yea, but that wealth is stolen from those very countries the migrants are trying to escape from.
... I mean, not all leftists are from America and the ones that aren't I'm sure care more about US imperialism and the impact that has to their countries than benefits for first worlders.
I'm not from America either but still live here and my parents got me citizenship at a young age. We had to flee our country due to American imperialism and that is honestly my top issue as well and agree with the other guy that Bernie is pretty weak so far on it. The way I see it though America can only support it's first world lifestyle through the oppression and exploitation of weaker countries like mine, so while if Bernie did get the nomination I'd probably vote for him, I'm not gonna be going out campaigning or making any donations until he straight up says he's going to end all American imperial projects, shut down Gitmo, disband the CIA, etc.
Obama was a very conservative president though...
Damn, will let you know. I bought mine from ielectrica through ebay for a steep discount I saw on slickdeals so chances are probably low. Did they tell you at first they'll do it and then reject you when you sent them the receipt?
It’s a misspelling, it’s actually a piece plan, where Israel carves out all the good pieces of Palestine for itself and leaves all the shitty pieces as an apartheid state with full brutal control. See, piece!
Get outta here with this anti-American shit. This is so obviously Russia. Hell I would bet my life the killer cop was also a Russian spy who murdered that guy to kick off a race war. Russia has always wanted America to have race wars and riots and to divide us all. Without Russia there would be no racism, no police brutality, and best of all NO GODDANG CHEETO IN THE WHITEHOUSE!!!
THEY PUT A FUCKING CHEETO IN THE WHITEHOUSE!!!
Sorry, I️ was just trying to fit in with the average users of this sub.
Last night in Portland, I was watching the live feeds and a bunch of libs took control and started talking to police who were acting like they were on the protestors side and keeping them pacified while other officers closed in to kettle them. Two minutes later they started launching tear gas and rubber bullets at the massive crowd of peaceful protestors. Don't buy any of this bullshit.
You can see the cops pacifying them here and the aftermath from this feed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkkw21EZzK0 this guys feeds were from the other side: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100040473049047
police pacification starts around 1:19:00 2:17 tear gas and rubber bullets
Yup. We need to all start opening our eyes. The police aren't our friends, they're our oppressors. In pretty much every instance the protests were peaceful UNTIL they were attacked by police, forcing their hand to defend themselves. Here is LAPD on their scanner talking joyfully about killing "N****S" and mexicans. https://twitter.com/CharkieGreat/status/1267429624344186881 This is how they see us and how they talk when they think no one is listening. Also look back to the racist texts between SFPD. Fuck the police.
Also to add, don't rely on mainstream news networks to report this fairly, get it straight from the source. The same shit I was just talking about is happening again in multiple cities right now. https://www.twitch.tv/woke
lol, I wonder if its in solidarity with the protests, with moms foot symbolizing the police stomping down on you.
I just wanna say keep up the good fight. Fuck all these bootlickers, they should go outside and see how the pigs really act.
Rioting has mainly only happened after the pigs start tear gassing and shooting rubber bullets at completely peaceful protestors. Here's just one example after some dumb libs thought talking to the police would help keep them peaceful: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkkw21EZzK0 a bunch of libs took control and started talking to police who were acting like they were on the protestors side and keeping them pacified while other officers closed in to kettle them. Minutes later they started launching tear gas and rubber bullets at the massive crowd of peaceful protestors. Don't buy any of this bullshit. police pacification starts around 1:19:00 2:17 tear gas and rubber bullets
China has killed less protestors (have thy even killed any?) in months of rioting than the US has in less than a week. China also hasn’t murdered over a million civilians and sent an entire region into chaos like the US has. Yea, I’d take China over the US any day.
Lol, take a look folks, this is the perfect example of an American suffering from severe brain rot due to decades of propaganda.
&gt;her home is right next door to the Norwegan consulate No it's not. I live in SF and the consulate is downtown, her house is in Pac Heights.
Honestly I like it better quarantined. Keeps the libs and reactionaries from /r/all out.
It means that throughout history liberals side with fascists over leftists. EVERY FUCKING TIME. And gtfo here with 'toxic gross bullshit' show me what you think is toxic or gross from the chapo sub and I'll tell you why you're a bootlicking nerd.
Maybe you should look into what white supremacist think 'white genocide' means. Like I said, you are are a fascist enabling liberal, of course you think making fun of nazis and calling out cops for continuously murdering innocent people is 'toxic and gross.'
Joe Biden is a rapist and a racist.
&gt; That sub also glorifies authoritarian regimes that have murdered millions. I have never seen them glorify the US, in fact it's pretty much the opposite.
&gt; Can you point out some prominent slaves owners currently residing in the US? The Clintons https://www.currentaffairs.org/2017/06/the-clintons-had-slaves
I wish the libs on Chapo were as cool as you make them out to be.
Yet I don't see you clutching your pearls about all the US military or police subs who advocate violence everyday...
/r/Military /r/MilitaryPorn /r/ProtectAndServe just to start
It's literally advocating people to join a terror organization responsible for millions of deaths around the globe.
I just heard back from my neighbors who had their store burned down and they are completely broken, they're entire livelyhood was just completely taken from them. Please take a minute to send prayers and any donations you can to Frank Dolce and Diego Gabbana
Get ready to be linked to a project veritas deep undercover investigation.
Thank you for the request, comrade. I have looked through Nintendie69's posting history and found 42,069 N-words, of which all were hard-Rs.
I think you got them confused for /r/Military
Bullshit, mainstream subs regularly defend the ethnic cleansing and genocides by western countries.
Yea, because it's not a play anymore, it's straight up fact.
Imagine comparing race to a profession. Holy shit.
And the fact that you and many Americans think we can't do better than fucking Biden is the problem.
lol, Israel named their major airport after a terrorist, gtfo here with this bullshit.
The American government is fascist though
Dudes who like shoving dildos up their own ass to own the libs [(this isn't a joke)](https://imgur.com/227Kdwo).
Ahh yes, I know in America violence is only okay if it's either against a non-white being uppity or against civilians in countries that have resources you want.
&gt; Like, do the police even understand the concept of optics? They know their jobs are to protect white supremacy in this country, their actions are completely inline with this.
https://i.imgur.com/f0jLv1S.png
It's because all cops are bastards, if they do anything that isn't bastard-like they are kicked/bullied out to make sure, again, that all cops are bastards.
I won't make any judgements until I know the full story and all the skeletons in their closet. How do you know their killings weren't justified? I'm sure they were attacking who ever killed them and they felt scared.
Police unions aren't really workers unions, they are cartels.
Police 'unions' are unions in name only. They act and operate much more like a cartel then they do any reasonable workers union.
&gt; Also imagine going through a persons history to determine if they are a good or bad person. Seriously, he wasted all that effort when all he needed to look at was your username.
[you](https://i.redd.it/9pqj1snzve451.jpg)
The only good cop was Chris Dorner.
I am, for the only hope this country has left, the Green party!
No, real democracy is blaming Russians when your neoliberal ghoul loses to a dang Cheeto reality star.
OMG NOT PUTIN, NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! Jill Stein can be Putin incarnate and she'd still be better than anyone the Democrats or Republicans nominate for president
lol, imagine believing any of this bullshit when he has a decade long history doing the complete opposite. No wonder the US is so fucked.
Funny how you posted this at 8am Moscow time, looks like you're the real Russian troll here, vlad.
In essence thy absolutely do. Biden himself said ‘we’ll get to it in 2050,’ long after he’s dead and far too late for it to matter. Other than platitudes and bullshit feel good legislation proposals that do absolutely nothing, what have the establishment democrats that control the party done to realistically combat climate change? What’s actually amazing is that you Americans are so fucking right-winged and brainwashed that you automatically assume anyone attacking democrats from the left is a republican. Back here in reality you Democrats and Republicans are much closer to each other than you are to anything on the left. Super smooth brain you got there.
Yea, I’ll go by his decades long history of literally fighting for the opposite of all that rather than what his interns wrote on a website a few months ago.
lol, yea, we're as bad as Trumpers you say, as you go all in for the blue Trump. Must feel nice to live in such ignorance.
Then you're helping Trump win, why would you do that
Yea, I know to you libs wanting actual reforms rather than performance resistance is just as bad as Trump. You're right wingers who just happen to be into weed and okay with gay marriage.
lol, Bernie is a lib you idiot, he was the compromise. If our only chance to get rid of Trump is by electing the blue Trump then just burn it all down.
Says the lib who doesn't think he's a lib because he liked Bernie. lol, learn some basic political theory before you go on the internet to pretend you're an expert.
He's extremely online and never leaves his house.
?? Thanks for proving my point at least I️ guess...
Oh I️ see, you are an extremely online racist, what a surprise.
It's shown me that where ever Israeli's congregate always somehow turns into a super racist circlejerk.
Why, what if we have questions though?
His policies are his decades long history in government where he legislated like a full blown right wing warhawk, not some shit his interns wrote on his website a few months ago.
Killing dozens of babies in one go with a bomb.
'Collateral damage' is a bullshit term created by western imperialists to justify the countless deaths they knowingly cause. Israel damn well knows there are children and babies in every hospital, school, and apartment complex they destroy at the push of a button. Also why would you bring your baby to an occupied warzone? Literally the same justification IDF uses to snipe Palestinian children on a daily basis.
&gt; I'm holding out hope that by some miracle there will be a backlash against Trump of disappointed Republicans that flip to Biden. More people turned out in Texas to vote for Trump in an uncontested primary than they did for all the candidates in the dem primary combined. There is no chance of this happening.
ughh, you do know what they do at Guantanamo right? Do you really want to play a direct role in enabling that?
I don't think so, republicans fucking love Trump, he has something like 90% approval within the party. I'm in CA which swings the other way, so I'll definitely be voting Green or PSL.
Absolutely, as someone who looks at resumes for prospective engineers (mechanical) at my company, I would immediately throw out any resume that had working at a well known illegal torture camp on it, and so would most of my colleagues here in the Bay Area (in fact, we discussed this post this morning and all were horrified).
inb4 the zionst raid telling us that he really didn't mean it like that and even if he did it's not that bad.
The Obama administration literally set up concentration camps and began giving Saudi's all the means and help to carry out the genocide in Yemen.
No, they should get a paid vacation and millions in donations.
Yea, it's an okay talking point to own the chuds, but completely baseless in reality if you actually understand what socialism is.
lol at all the top whites of reddit rushing in here to defend a slave owner and tell you how it's not actually that bad. Maybe they should ask the slaves ancestors how they feel about Grant statues...
lol, he won't respond to this. Libs are only here to enable and soften fascism and protect white supremacy.
Yea, it's not left-wing at all. It's a bunch of 'enlightened centrist' right wingers who think liberalism is as far left as it gets. Being a history major I don't have to tell you that liberals have always enabled and helped fascism and white supremacy while stabbing the actual left in the back.
lol, one of the main contentions between the British and American colonists was that the crown told them to stop genociding natives and stealing their land. They also abolished slavery earlier. While the British were also genocidal ghouls, they weren't as bad as the Americans and are currently somewhat better as well.
lol, the one guy who was fighting back against the slave owner apologia was downvoted, banned and had most of his comments removed.
People like you are why engineers need to unionize.
This is why 'reforming' and more 'training' isn't going to work. &gt;Sergeant Chris Sciba posted a graphic image on Facebook that racially profiles and stereotypes all Muslims as being terrorists. Sciba’s post was back in 2015. The hypocrisy in this is that Sgt. Sciba is currently assigned to the Training Unit, where he teaches about race-bias policing to Academy students, officers, sergeants, lieutenants AND captains. Does SJPD feel that this post is acceptable and does not go against their policies of enforcing a workplace free of hostility and discrimination? Obviously, that they hired Sciba to teach on the very subject of race-bias policing, we have to ask if SJPD shares the same view that Sciba has on Muslims, and allows such racist stereotypes to exist. After all, not even the lieutenants or captains told Sciba that his post is inappropriate. How can we know that Sciba hasn’t infused his anti-Muslim sentiments into the classes he teaches? How do we know that officers who took his class and see his post aren’t saying, “Well if Sgt. Sciba is okay with calling all Muslims terrorists, it must be okay with the work policy, right?” The only solution is to abolish the police, fire them all, and start from scratch
Some cops in Oakland make over half a million a year. It's fucking ridiculous.
Orange county is just a rich Bakersfield.
Soulseek has every band and song you can think of.
America is a literal terrorist government.
Mother of all Karens right here. 'My son got killed raping and murdering his way through your country, I NEED TO SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER!'
Can we do daily megathreads there like in CTH?
Exactly, if they really cared about racism and wanted to make a point of banning a 'leftist' sub that is actually actively promoting it they would have banned /r/stupidpol. CTH was one of the most welcoming subs to get away from the insanely racist vitriol that this site is plagued with.
Which ones got the megathread though?
The biggest bullshit thing about banning CTH for 'promoting hate' is that it simply didn't. If they wanted to actually ban a supposedly 'leftist' sub for 'muh both sides' argument that literally promotes hatred and racism/homophobia/transphobia in every sense they could have gone with /r/stupidpol.
'women asserting themselves'... by calling the cops and going on racist rants because non-whites simply exist. get the fuck outta here.
