My mom has one of those tiny stoves. She also used to have a fighting fish. I had a brilliant idea when it died but never made it a reality. This is close enough :)
Our city's district had a 750K line item for BLM two years ago or so. What that went to I have no idea.
Shit, I noticed that the prices weren't THAT exorbitantly higher when I had a very long layover there, but after I blew over $30 on a shitty skillet breakfast (in a 6" 'skillet') of terribly seasoned potatoes, chewy jerky bacon, and a way overdone egg with an unremarkable rail screwdriver in my originating airport, I decided to never buy any food in an airport again except McDonald's.
Thinking on fancy things that are a pain in the ass: remembering my dad getting one of those pans that you could ostensibly flip your egg in just by flipping your wrist as it had a 'lid.' Well, there was a space between lid and pan as you got close to the hinge mechanism, and my father's technique allowed for the egg to slide through that exact portion and all over the stove. I also woke up, as a full-grown adult living at home for a time, to a kitchen that had mysterious orangered spots all over it and a mangled, empty tomato soup can close by. Turns out the ring broke on the lid, my dad was drunk, apparently attempted to open conventionally with opener, failed, then used chisel. Cleaning our kitchen was touch-and-go some mornings.
It's shit like this that ticks me off especially in an office environment. I get in a little early because I take the bus, and then I leave about 5 minutes early to catch the bus home without waiting 20 minutes for the next one. The other ladies in my small office were getting pissed about that, and so I quit (that and other reasons). They still need my help so I go in now and then, and let them know if I am running late. No problems! Leave at usual earlier time? Sure! We are all fucking adults over 50. Let's act like it. Getting bent over being 5 minutes late now and then (I'm never late, always early) or someone leaving a little early shit is classroom behavior and if I am going to be micromanaged to that extent for a part-time gig, fuck you. Get over your power trip. (Note also that others in the office adjust their schedules seasonally for their kids' school - next job I am faking having a kid damnit).
Thank you! Treat employees like adults and not schoolkids. And don't treat your part-timers as "less than," they may have skills that even a 20 year veteran of the office doesn't (mail merge, anyone? Sheesh!) AND most of all, other workers: you are my CO-WORKER not MY BOSS just because I am part-time, kapisch?
I'm thinking /r/creepy over here. It's unsettling to me :(
Yes, yes I see how having a black president for eight years really helped the poor black people /s
I love it too! Hyacinth is hilarious. I also loved AbFab back in the day. I think I will binge watch some Brit TV this fine freezing day :)
LOL talking over POC yeah right; you know how LOUD they are? You did see Bernie Sanders when the respectful black ladies politely asked to speak at his podium, right? Here's a top-tier winning debate team for your consideration: https://youtu.be/fmO-ziHU_D8?t=31s
lol These rents are TOO DAMN HIGH! He's right though. Hope Sleepy Ben comes through with Section 8 and general welfare cuts.
Some dindu stole a car to go after a rival dealer, video'd it, put in on Facebook with the license plate clearly showing, and they won't prosecute because "not enough evidence." They let these 'kids' out on parole and they go right back to committing crimes. This is just after some bitch lied about getting $545 from the Red Cross and she spent it within two days on "clothes for her son." Getting real tired of this liberal bullshit, it's making people unsafe and no one gives a damn. Ten more years here and will have saved enough to retire and move down South.
A black guy stole a car, put a VIDEO of it on Facebook clearly showing the license plate. The car was found abandoned and the suspect arrested but they declined to prosecute due to "lack of evidence." Come on now. It's getting insane how in the name of not wanting to be "racist" we are letting innocent people get hurt and abused with not even a slap on the wrist. It happens every fucking day in my city. You have to look twice crossing the street even with the light because of high-speed red-light runners who are almost exclusively black. And usually blasting their music so you can at least hear them coming. There's a reason one kid's prints were found on 22 'stollies' - their name for stolen cars. Sorry but I am not sympathetic to black people in prisons.
Ah I see what I am doing this afternoon :) Thanks for reminding me of this show. I love how when Craig swears the little flag of a country obfuscates his mouth and the curse word is said in that language. Clever!
You have to think in terms of over time. Like, ok, one guy gets let on the bus for free (but it's always more, like at least two on the one bus I take for about 2 miles). You think that's not much but add it up, and that's why the fare using the Mpass is now $2.00 and not $1.75. Add up one slice of meat added per sandwich at 100 sandwiches a day; you have added enough meat to make another 18 sandwiches or so.
The 24-hour joint I worked at right off the bar district had a bouncer on weekends. Drunk people of different races that are all hungry, it can get touchy. And I've seen it firsthand, had one bouncer walk me two blocks home after the guy with the sawed-off tried getting in because his take-out order was fucked up. edit: this was the same night a huge fight broke out when a white kid took a french fry off of the tray of a passing waitress who was heading to the large group of black folks. No touchy other people's food, people!!
Can spend money to bring you and your kid to a movie that late at night but can't feed the kid? Sounds like the parent was just looking for an easy way to get the kid fed for free while not having to interact with it for a couple of hours. People are just stupid selfish these days and I questions everyone's motivations after this woman lied about getting money from the Red Cross, putting them under the microscope in my city among cries of racism. It was a big deal, chick showed up to news conference with her makeup, weave, earbuds IN HER EARS, fake lashes etc. Two days later the Red Cross proves they gave her $545 in a debit card; money's all gone (to her son's clothes, yeah OK). She shows up again to apologize, wearing a hat (no weave), no makeup, no lashes, no earbuds - she knew exactly what she was doing and STILL didn't take personal responsibility - said people came to her telling her to lie so she did.
Article I just read said it could have been a reaction to medication so maybe she was on meds for mental health issues.
I still remember when it was just 588-2300, way back when they started in Chicago. Then they got big. An Empire, you might say. :)
Well since you won't ever bring back the Chicken Frito Enchilada subs, I go across the street to Potbellys for a toasted Hammie.
I'd come home as a kid never knowing if my possessions were secure because Dad a) made Mom get rid of the dog we'd had for years; b) took my model horse stable out of my room to make a squirrel feeder, and c) took my fish tank to use in the basement for minnows. Just come home one day and your things are gone. If I was wearing a T-shirt with holes he'd call me over to him, stick his finger in one of the holes and rip it right off my body. I was just a little girl, you asshat :(
You do know Illinois is blue just by virtue of Chicago, and is notoriously corrupt? Same with Milwaukee County (see Aldermen, of note: Mike McGee). This isn't red or blue. Black folk up North like to open charter schools, get shit-tons of money, then close them down. Fucking their own people! So it's not white or black either. It's human greed pure and simple. We desperately need to make voting a priority ESPECIALLY in local elections, and more good people need to get involved in politics (and I point the finger at myself, too; not only should we all be voting but even running for a local board position could be an option). We have to be the change we want to see but unfortunately laziness and maybe the idea that no one cares what we think is creating a deadly apathy. I don't know, I just know I am not making anything better typing out a response on reddit that could be used to pen a strongly worded letter to my congressman and will get the same results :)
Still a part of history mate. An historical monument goes past it's original meaning; it gives us a tangible item to connect our present to our past whether positive or negative. History is a complete picture, not just the bits and pieces you choose to keep like your fucking personal junk drawer. Historians preserve, they do not judge. You are free to petition to have a counter-monument erected in a comparable public space, or just erect a statue of your own with a generous benefactor who is politically like-minded (like Defiant Girl in NYC going up against the Wall Street Bull).
https://newstalk1130.iheart.com/featured/vicki-mckenna/content/2018-01-05-want-to-know-why-crime-is-so-bad-in-mke-co/
"matter" FTFY
They're still open? Huh.
I liked the movie but I am easily entertained and usually really hate sitting through movies. It was a long time ago when it was in the budget theater and I was really high so there's that.
Growing up on Lost in Space and Land of the Lost, these things can be overlooked in the spirit in which it is intended and this coming from someone who HATES Walking Dead due to implausibility :)
Cut the crap man.
You know you've listened to an album too much when you can just reach up, grab the stylus, and put it back down pretty much exactly on any song you want to hear on the album without having to get up to see where the song starts. This is back in the days of vinyl, I am old.
Like the Station nightclub fire. All the screams of people dying inside, and then silence. It's one of the hardest things to watch but you bet your ass you'll be more aware of your surroundings especially if you're young and like to go clubbing.
I haven't visited this sub in forever and I wish more people had interest in opals. Beautiful ring, she's a lucky gal. Have a nice day :)
Because he's awesome? I LOVE this tattoo.
that says, "I am a drug dealer and Kang!"
Oh man I remember Fastway. That's when Zebra got popular too.
also /r/delusionalartists I was introduced to the sub via an Iamverysmart-type post of an author who went into meltdown mode over bad reviews. And even answered them :) Good times.
I finally realized that just getting started was my big hurdle. I stopped dreading my obligations and just accepted them as things that need to be done, and that just getting up and starting was half the battle. I am not necessarily lazy; but I have a bad habit of dreading doing some things because by doing one thing I necessarily have to do another (like doing laundry necessitates my folding all the clothes in my drawer, folding the clean clothes, then actually cleaning the 'dirty' room around it - not cluttered dirty really, just gets really dusty and the floor needs mopping). Or cleaning the spice shelf in the kitchen only highlights the fact that the top of the fridge needs a good cleaning, and then that leads to 'having' to clean out the inside... Even buying new things, like hair care products or makeup, makes me feel like I need to clean the entire bathroom because the new stuff is so shiny and clean :) TL;DR: Take the first step and stop dreading the task. I have a dog-poop-free backyard now because I got my ass up and just DID IT.
The planners! All young wanna-be executive ladies carried one. It was the White Stag jacket or Colorado boots of the 90's professional arena. You had to have one or you were not in the cool kids' club.
So a drug-addicted psychopath. Only in this case, money is the drug of choice because with money, you can literally get and do ANYTHING.
I still remember when Bill Murray did an AMA and that's when Wynter (/u/808sandhotcakes, now defunct) was the new POC hire to take her place. She went into black subs announcing herself and trying to get hip-hop AMA's on the DL; she completely FUBAR'd the Bill Murray AMA to the point that a user made an account, /u/BillMurrayTranslator, to translate Wynter's convoluded fuckups. I think she was drunk at the time. It was such good drama, that's the reddit I miss :(
My first and only serving job was the night shift at a 24-hour restaurant right off of the bar district. 15 percent added right on, pre-pay. We'd get our tickets at cashout and add up the tips, then tip out the busboys. Oftentimes we'd get cash tips too (drunk people) we were supposed to throw in there too, but sometimes if I got a high-dollar tip it would go in a different pocket (like a $20 or something). Never once, even though the owners were shady fucks, did they ever stiff me out of tips. I did however, get let go because after a riot ensued, I sat two terrified people who just came in at a corner booth outside of my area. The bitches who worked with me started shit (I told the old bag she could still have the table, I just wanted to get them in the door and seated). Oh and someone told the manager I was a great waitress, someone out of my area, who saw me hustling my ass off. Great money, but damn working 10pm to 6am really sucks.
I saw crossposts on Morbidreality, and having a subscription to Documentingreality and as a lurker of Findadeath I am just "one of those people" who enjoys diving into stories of death. I am a 50 year old Milwaukee woman, no kids, three great pets, and a great roommate who happens to be my ex and my best friend. The Ghost Ship was my last rabbit hole (I have a thing for fires, like the Station nightclub). Anyway, glad to be a subscriber and thank you for the content. Keep it coming fellow death hag!
Next job I am bringing a picture of a kid. I will be divorced and have partial custody. That way I can call into work without the stigma of being a single woman in the office who just MUST have a hangover or something else *distasteful.* When you have a kid not only do you get unquestioned time off but a shitload more empathy for your kiddo than you ever would for just yourself. I am serious.
I KNEW you were the /r/popping person! Glad to see the updates :)
This bot does not work :(
What happened up there, my man? You OK?
Where's the before and after? That would be interesting to see imo.
Who the fuck markets this shit? TheMannHaus is already trashy enough!
There's a stronger demand for hate than there is a supply.
There should be no such thing as a 'hate crime.' Vandalism, sure. Assault or even murder? Of course. But the white kid kidnapped and beaten for being white - no hate crime enhancement and the bitch taping it got off with NO jail time. So all identity politics laws need to go. Protected classes need to go. True equality demands this action.
I love you no homo. Thanks for all you do. #cantrapethewilling
Why not? How am I exaggerating? Did the girl taping get off with 200 hours of community service and four years probation, or not? She AVOIDED prison by pleading guilty to a hate crime. What are you even talking about? edit: roasting chicken tomorrow night. Tasty shit.
[One instance](https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/06/12/video-shows-police-rescuing-woman-who-was-kidnapped-by-serial-ki/22137787/) [Another](https://youtu.be/4VGdRR7FJzw?t=8m4s) [Another](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/todd-kohlhepp-kala-brown-rescue-video-chained-like-a-dog-shipping-container-south-carolina/) [Another](http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/dramatic-video-cleveland-kidnapping-rescue-19164812) [Another](http://www.ktvu.com/news/police-rescue-oakland-man-kidnapped-for-ransom-held-in-trunk-of-car)
[One instance](https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/06/12/video-shows-police-rescuing-woman-who-was-kidnapped-by-serial-ki/22137787/) [Another](https://youtu.be/4VGdRR7FJzw?t=8m4s) [Another](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/todd-kohlhepp-kala-brown-rescue-video-chained-like-a-dog-shipping-container-south-carolina/) [Another](http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/video/dramatic-video-cleveland-kidnapping-rescue-19164812) [Another](http://www.ktvu.com/news/police-rescue-oakland-man-kidnapped-for-ransom-held-in-trunk-of-car)
I don't see where I implied that they ALL got off, I referenced specifically the girl videotaping the incident and her disposition. Nevermind all that, it's only white people who get tagged with the hate crime label and it sticks. Google "black people not charged with hate crime" and you will see that the results overwhelmingly show that white people are more apt to be charged with this particular crime; as a matter of fact the first few pages are completely centered around how whites are charged with hate crimes nevermind the fact that the search was for the blacks let off of these charges. Of which there are many but unfortunately they are underreported and kept out of the news cycle.
But how does pleading guilty to hate crime allow one to walk free after a TORTURE session? I can't see how a hate crime (as a so-called "enhancement") would call for a LESSER sentence. I don't understand how, being on video and all, this can happen. Oh wait! Yeah. Black people don't get prosecuted anymore. [HERE! In my city!](http://www.wisn.com/article/da-no-car-theft-charges-against-thieves-seen-on-video/14774389) And should a white person shame a black thief? [Arrested!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQYtTRY1rW4)
I grew up with a best friend who's Mormon. Went to services with them, fasted on fast days, etc. They never tried to convert me or anything, and they're about the nicest people you'd ever want to know. Just my two cents from practically living with a Mormon family.
http://www.wibc.com/blogs/tony-katz/tony-katz-today/so-now-police-body-cameras-are-racist What the fuck do people even want anymore? I would never be a cop in these times with everyone second-guessing you and putting your life on the line for an ungrateful public just so the perp can walk free? http://www.wisn.com/article/da-no-car-theft-charges-against-thieves-seen-on-video/14774389 No charges! On video! What the fuck! Oh wait, but if you call out a thief, and film it, YOU will be arrested! http://www.wisn.com/article/man-who-shamed-alleged-car-thief-arrested/9925849
If, when you are gone, no one notices: you're replaceable. If, when you are gone, EVERYONE notices: you're important. The admin for one of our docs was out for hip surgery. Prepping for a group test went more smoothly without her there than with her there. She gives the other girls reports to type, then turns around and sends youtube videos TO THE PEOPLE SHE JUST FARMED HER WORK OUT TO. That's why this is my last week working for them even though my last day was October 27th :) Some places don't care about what the employees do or do not do, as long as the reports go out (even with typos and terrible spacing because these ladies don't seem to know how to use Word); those are the worst places to work imo. I take great pride in what I send out and I can't work where no one really cares about quality of product. Edit to add: they are very happy that I told them that if things don't work out with the new girl to call me. It's a great wage and four weeks paid vacation for part-time is sweet. I can put aside my pride to ride out my career until retirement in 18 years. They've had people just leave and not come back in my position so we shall see, and since I told them I am leaving, the girls are much nicer to me and don't have the superiority complex that comes with some people who are full-time have about part-tome specialists. I AM HELPING YOU, you might want to adjust your fucking tone when speaking to me.
Oh he's done. He will definitely die by the time he's 25 either by drugs or by his own hand. His parents are abusers, plain and simple. Poor kid never had a chance, he's raped on the daily by his dad I bet. Look at videos of this sickly child and his "father" - his dad looks at him like he's a juicy steak on a platter.
He models for the Haus of Mann on Etsy. But yes this is definitely HIS idea. Every adult associated with that child should hang.
This is the same kid, my friend.
I was hung over shopping with my SO and told him to go get some (x). He said he looked, couldn't find said item. I told him, no it's over by the hangin' meat. Meaning the sliced meats for sandwiches. Now hangin' meat is what we call anything not from the deli we get for sandwiches. I am adding shaky cheese to my grocery list vernacular thank you :)
They've got the picture menu so you can just point to what you want, which is great for when your brain really can't be asked to string a couple of words together after a hard night.
Apparently, we had one that closed down. They had the typical red pleather, checked tablecloths and pics of Italian divas and mobsters on the walls. Big jugs of house red wine. I hated it because I one block away in a rear apartment, and they were RIGHT across the street from a parking lot. I could see the place from my window - but worse, I could HEAR that stupid "that's amore" music they blasted outside of the restaurant. Every Fucking Night in the summers.
I worked for a pressure washing company and grease traps/hoods were a BITCH and we needed to special-quote those. We did chain restaurants, Menard's, etc. and got contracts for 1x a week cleans of airport doors, walkways, entryways etc. All in all the boss man made a killing and all the junkies working for him were relatively well-paid cash under the table. I did sales at $10/cash plus commission, loved no dress code and talking back to the boss man. I can definitely see how someone could get into the deeper-cleaning aspect of restaurant maintenance/cleaning there's a ton of money to be made.
I can sell!! I worked over two years selling pressure washing/grease trap/hood cleaning services to chain restaurants and other retail establishments in the Milwaukee/Chicago metro areas. I still even have the forms I made for a washer who struck out on her own to start a service. I am very well-versed in using all software, maintaining call sheets, creating contracts, letterheads, and Quickbook templates; and I am currently in-between jobs. Do you need someone on commission-only to do sales for you? Let's talk. 50 year old mature female here with over 20 years admin experience :)
;) Hell yeah! (erm, I mean, "Heck yeah!)
Thanks I actually put together the proposal for the Milwaukee Jail and Criminal Justice Facility back when I worked in the A/E field. I also did tech writing for Briggs &amp; Stratton when they rolled out SAP. I score at the 99th percentile in verbal reasoning using my current company's Executive norms :) (I type up business psych evals currently).
I can imagine that; we in the Midwest get a little weird with cold weather. We even still had our Polar Bear Plunge into Lake Michigan this year, in subzero temps.
What a show!
Watch the original Wizard of Oz but mute it and put on Dark Side of the Moon. Get high and watch. It's amazing. http://www.goldminemag.com/features/how-to-view-the-wizard-of-oz-with-dark-side-of-the-moon
I did it once and enjoyed it. You are entitled to your opinion, though.
Oh ok then, the classic. The one we all know from TV.
Exclusive Company used to have a lot of cool shit way back in the day, and there was a record/tape/CD shop next to the Landmark Oriental too. It's sad that all the old cool record stores are gone.
That was always my night driving music.
Looks a little like representations of the couple in Catanas Comics.
I can only imagine Elaine fogging her glasses, wiping them, and saying "He took... it out." I am sorry. I am a woman and it's no laughing matter but then again I am 5'9" and definitely know how to say no and even I have been sexually harassed and raped. It's the feeling of "you just never know" coupled with when it DOES happen you're just kind of second guessing yourself (did my boss really just jam his dick in my shoulder as he stood over me talking?) and when it happens two, three or more times you get ticked, but what are you really going to do in a job situation? It pisses me off that men even think they can say or do some of the things they do and I am far from being easily offended.
It's called "don't dip your pen in the company ink."
These bots are out of control lately. That sucker was just created an hour ago.
You are not a bot stop that.
Do you give all your work to your co-workers and then have the audacity to send Youtube videos to those same co-workers doing your shit? That's the place I am leaving. No accountability, each admin has their own doc and they don't care what goes on out front as long as the reports go out. They don't even have to look good and often go out error-riddled because the new girl can't seem to use Word. As a matter of fact none of them really can very well at all. Tabs are a mystery and mail-merge is like magic to them. They treated me, the part timer, like shit and since they didn't promote me but brought in the new girl (she came with a firm we bought out) I said screw this shit. You can keep your four weeks' paid vacation, it's not worth it to see the level of incompetency day after day. Also I have never NOT been promoted so there's that slap that I can never really recover from. Just best to move on and hope to contribute to people who at least appreciate it.
I called my internet provider once and yelled at them, saying that I am basically paying them to market to me and that I want a reduction in my bill for the printing and mailing costs of their attempts. I've told them I don't know how many times that we will never get a landline or cable TV, we only use Internet and always will. But they still send business cards and promo material to me every week.
Is a virus considered a living organism?
Use ice trays for your chicken stock. Don't tell husband.
I would never in the first place. I've heard too much about them and don't want to take what's basically a flying Greyhound to get to my destination.
So you'd rather people just say "Hey she's got boobs!"? Also, "puberty" literally means the sexual aspect of growing up. I'm completely confused by what you are trying to say. You may want to revisit your entire premise and invest in a dictionary.
Words have meanings. We need to use them responsibly. Why are you brushing it off as literally "words have no meaning," when words are what we use to make a point?
As a woman, I'm not terrified. I'm 50 and have never been afraid. I've had some distasteful experiences but I don't weaponize them. Women are so fucking weird nowadays and I don't relate to your goals whatsoever in all this kvetching. Terrorism? For fucks sake, maybe your mom should screen your fan mail at age 13! And if you get a creepy letter after age 16, crumple it up and toss it. Why are *you* letting *yourself* be terrorized is the better question.
Well when the Black Panthers patrol around local businesses with open carry, they don't call it a shakedown they call it protecting the community. Yeah. And contractors lost out on 800K city contracts for exercising free speech by carrying and having a white pride sticker on their cooler. Who the fuck wouldn't carry when you're in a high crime area, in a city where a city inspector wearing a bulletproof vest was executed with a shot to the head by the noble savages.
I tell my SO that all the time when he claims that my laptop caused the death of our relationship (as he drinks a pint of vodka every night and watches TV - he's just mad because I don't pay attention to him repeating the joke he just heard or asking me over and over "What show did that guy star in?" "Who is that chick, she looks familiar.") But to hear him tell it, we used to go out every night doing all kinds of activities until the evil laptop showed up. Nope. We did jack shit, and still do absolutely nothing (it's hard to drive somewhere to do something when you're drunk at 9am). But because I am not paying attention to him, he absolutely hates it. I watch a few documentaries and such, but I generally stick to forums on all kinds of topics, I love to read and am very curious so I enjoy the time I spend on the computer. TV is background noise to me.
Just for posting in certain subs you get banned in others.
Why would he turn it over to a corrupt organization that's more than likely named in the memo? That would be like handing your enemy all of the information you have on them so they have even more time to cover up their crimes. Also I don't see how he could control whether any other committee member writes a memo; what kind of power does he wield to silence other members?
Absolutely agreed. Dude's a fucking Matlock, been saying that for a while now. Don't let his mild-mannered Southern gentlemanly ways fool you.
Lowrenta IS cankles.
And added the D.A. after his name which was taken from the initials of a court filing where she lifted his last name from. Moore was never a D.A. but the dumb broad didn't know that so she literally just lifted the DA (clerk's initials) from the court filing. He was the judge that sat on her divorce and she's just a bitter cunt. I'm a woman and even I can see that, I don't use that label often at all but it certainly fits that woman and fucking Gloria Allred pushing false liberal narratives.
"That's our job!" - Mika
LOL I know I love watching my local newscasters. One doesn't read the whole sentence with their brain first so when talking about lead in the pipes he pronounced it as in "lead a horse to water." That's the same newscaster who interviewed Kai the Axe Wielder in California before we wound up with him. Fucker can't use the phrase "if you will" correctly, he just throws it around without nuance. Really irritating. Gear-grinding, if you will. The noon anchor uses cadence and tone that does not match what she is reading at all, and oftentimes stumbles over the words. She's been there forever and is a minority so I guess that makes it OK.
Well, Coco had a kitten and that kitten ended up dying, and the handlers had to tell her, and she was obviously very distraught. https://youtu.be/CQCOHUXmEZg
Why is it debunked? I'd genuinely like to know more.
I have a complete other world I go to (far less often now that I'm older) and it's been recurring for 30 years. I can draw a map of the place even, kinda. I've hung out with other people and generally had a really good time, very vivid, more real that reality in a way.
I met someone who offered me a sales job! We've talked and emailed, I'm getting over the flu now so I plan on tackling what he's sent me so far tomorrow and hash out a plan of attack.
Potatoes and eggs were literally all I ate for a while. I knew a dude who managed a property for Jewish diaspora, generally elderly, and he'd give me juices and canned goods that were undeliverable. I also had friends that would drop off the Care Boxes they distributed at food pantries. I was very lucky and blessed to have friends that would help me out that way. I also know how to use baby powder, cinnamon, Grape Kool-Aid, Sharpie markers and raspberry preserves as "makeup."
Just come to America. Judging by your username you'd fit in well.
Have you asked anyone sincerely for help? I won't hate on you as I know just how you feel, care to talk a bit? I have time. I am a 50 year old woman who deals with the same psych shit too, if I say the sky is blue my "handler" won't believe me until he gets confirmation from anyone else on the planet. You're dealing with hard abuse I see. If you want to talk I am here. EDIT: This dude is a gamer and blames everyone else for his lack of social skills. As is apparent by this post. Check his history. Edit to take out wrong info.
Wow I rescind my offer of help now. You are not special. You are not persecuted. You have no fucking idea of what others may have to offer because you are even more hateful than I am and that's saying a FUCK OF A LOT. And I am a VERY hateful person to tell the truth. Get counseling. You're a loaded gun just waiting to go off.
Lena Kochman has nothing on you.
Check his history. This person is not where you want to put your efforts. EDIT: this person is not a dropout nor is college age. I sincerely regret the error.
YOU and your history. You know people can check that shit right?
It's not on them. It's on you. You need to want to help yourself over the hurdles but it seems you just want to lash out. You need to regain your sense of power; instead you are yelling at everyone in an attempt to exert power and that puts people off. You don't need to do that.
Why would I lie to you? I don't know you; I did a perfunctory check on your overview and that's what I gleaned but upon further review, you are not the same person as the collapsing comments seemed to indicate I will edit my comments accordingly as that was unfair of me to do. I am so sorry for your injuries. What are you seeking from your fellow human? I don't mean to do you harm but please settle down for a moment, and discern what YOU can do for you vs. what you feel others NEED to do for you. How, do you think, can I help? Just lending an ear? HOW?
I already said I apologized for the error and amended my comments accordingly. It's on you to make your future. If you want to wallow in your past that's on you. If you are disabled due to the abuse you suffered then you should get a (free) lawyer to get disability payments. If you are suffering PTSD and are diagnosed, you can get disability. How do you not have time? If you are working, then you are not disabled. You've had to build up a fighting stance due to abuse. I get that. But as an adult of 40 years old don't you think it's time to make the best of your life or are you just going to be hateful and full of spite? THAT is on YOU. YOU decide, from here on out, to either overcome or succumb. Why do you insist on your own powerlessness then turn around and attempt so poorly to wield an angry sword at others?
I am not your abuser. You are conflating every person who might help as "abuser." All of your answers circle around your "poor me" attitude and not one syllable of what you can do to help yourself. You are a martyr and no one can tell you otherwise. Meh, nevermind. Die in your own filth, you are a victim no matter what. I am done here. You are seriously someone who needs to be on a watchlist.
People who defend these people never had to live around said people. It's really that easy. Their views will change when they get mugged or raped.
They can stay in their own countries and make them better if they're so great. Why are white countries forced to be enriched? Why does Israel conveniently want this but not for their own country? How many of these fine human beings are you bringing into YOUR house? The level of naivety in these comments is sickening. Keep your doors unlocked at night then, since you're all for open borders.
That's the power of Pine-Sol, baby!
I scrolled and scrolled catching phrases here and there; this woman seems like she's got some mental issues. I see a little bit of Lena Kochman spilling out here. :( *the patriarchy is everywhere*
I have an associate from when I lived in another state who seemed like just a normal guy. Kinda weird in how he perceived our first meeting and he got a little paranoid but I only knew him casually. He added me on Facebook a long time ago and just recently I've seen his page. He went off the deep end. Classic TI behavior. I don't comment I just read his updates; he sincerely thinks he is going to be killed for exposing his "handlers." I wonder why this is such a phenomenon in the last 10 or so years.
Last time this was posted I put up a link for T-shirts with logos like this in Norwegian, thing is the actual words meant things like Broccoli or Hair Dryer. I can't find it for the life of me now but that'd be pretty funny imo.
I stood by your bed last night, I came to have a peep. I could see that you were crying, you found it hard to sleep. I whined to you softly, as you brushed away a tear. “It’s me, I haven’t left you, I’m well, I’m fine, I’m here” I was close to you at breakfast, I watched you pour the tea. You were thinking of the many times your hands reached down to me. I was with you at the shops today, your arms were getting sore. I want to take your parcels, I wished I could do more. I was with you at my grave today, you tend it with such care. I want to reassure you that I’m not lying there. I walked with you towards the house as you fumbled for the key, I gently put my paw on you, I smiled and said “It’s me”. You looked so very tired and then you sank into a chair, I tried so hard to let you know that I was standing there. It is possible for me to be so near you everyday, To say to you with certainty “I never went away”. You sat there very quietly, then smiled, I think you knew, That in the stillness of that evening I was very close to you. The day is over…. I smile and watch you yawning and say, “Good Night, Sweet Dreams, God Bless, I’ll see you in the morning”. And when the time is right for you to cross the brief divide, I’ll rush to greet you and we will stand together side by side. I have so many things to show you, there’s much for you to see! Be patient, live your journey out; then come home and be with me.
After learning my father's death was suicide this last Christmas, and knowing that I am getting old, and that my mate's parents are dying, and that we have no kids - my pets give me great joy and a reason to live. Hug your loved ones whether two-legged or four, and remember their presence. That's the gift we have received, the memories of those we love, which live on in our hearts.
Aw thank you for posting about your pup you might want to link pics to /r/Petloss if you feel you want to memorialize your pooch in some way.
damn bot that's not too friendly :(
What makes a virus or a folding protein so much different than said tricky chemical? How do we truly define life? How can our limited senses come close to discerning ALL that may be perceived and who limits the perceptible and the perceiver?
LOL the libraries in my city partnered up with some initiative that was called "LOUD!" and announced that "This is a LOUD library" which I cringed at, because I only really know LOUD in this area (MLK Drive) as being really strong weed. Plus the volume factor of said kids. The apartment building behind me, one block away from said library, had a Little Library along with all new playground equipment installed a few summers ago. No books, they were strewn all over the alley almost instantly; and the playground has been used I think once. To this day there are no books in that little library, I never see kids use the actual library, and the playground equipment sits completely unused and pristine. I hope that culture changes so that libraries are used more by everyone; but at least in my area it's not demonstratively NOT working. Hell, even just playing outside seems to have fallen out of favor and it has nothing to do with dangerous hoods, it's everything to do with parents who are not involved in their kids' lives at all and there's nothing anyone can do to force that. Sad, really.
Haypil.
Pelosi looking bitter as always.
o7
Ooh my favorite stones! Nice thing to have a VPN to watch it. I purchased some rondelle and oval welo opal beads and I LOVE them.
Try LC. They're on the internet. I got a nice sleeping beauty turquoise ring for like $20. Or don't, their auctions are truly addictive. :)
[ayyyy.](https://youtu.be/wYi_hq2p1Ac) He packs a gun, ese. Now get off my damn lawn! :D
It's an exclusive dream realm. It changes insofar as perhaps the direction I might take to get to certain places but some locations are very static and memorable. I can draw a map. Most interactions are benign but meaningful and rarely do I cone across the same people and when I do it's usually short lived relationships that lead to more locations that evoke a feeling more than anything. It's like people are leading me to places and then the places take on a life of their own. But with me in the midst of the familiar chaos. If that makes sense. Thank you for responding I am always late to respond.
I'll try to sketch up the area. I think it's east coast but then it flips and gets dark. The juxtaposition of the areas and their vibes is very fluid. Thank you for responding and I will post a drawing tomorrow. It's so freaking clear and very awesome for the most part. Thanks for responding!
Me too. I know certainly that I have traveled in my sleep to an alternate reality that might be more real than my conscious existence today. I know I feel more soulful emotion there that I cannot attain in this bullshit everyday here on this earth because no matter where I go on this marble, there I am. And I'm never really happy. Only when I traverse the other realm do I feel I've had a genuine experience. Weird I know. 😦
Only if you know you are golden. I'm 50 and an ex crackhead. You gotta know you're place and roll. It's harder than you think my friend. And I'm a chick too; a true survivor 😋
I appreciate your comment and am saving for when I really need an existential crisis.
Looks like actual people in motion. The famous Gettysburg video shows what looks like people trekking up a hillside and into the treeline. But when you really look you see that those images repeat and it looks like lights from traffic somewhat close by. The duplicate consistency of each wave of 'soldiers' definitely tracks as car headlights going around a curve that's on a hill, common in the area.
Wanna have fun? Go on Google earth and check out Centralia PA and the old highway. You'll see so many faces. What do you think of the flashlight reviewer who recorded those bizarre noises in the cave (not the moving chain industry noise dude). On kindle I'll look it up. Why do you think we still see faces and do you think autism has an effect on that particular pattern recognition? Do people who receive sight later in life experience pareodilia?
Well that sounds like a grim adventure.
It was Milwaukee. The chick said go to the suburbs, because "we need our weaves," then said "I don't wear them but we need them!" LOL. I live here and we put a fire extinguisher under our eave on our garage because of all the little alley fires that were happening during that time.
Don't forget that weasely Doug Hutchison who married Courtney Stoddard when she was 16 and he was 50. I really liked him as an actor but now he skeeves me out whenever I see him (I mean, more than usual because of the roles he's played).
Holy shit I never knew he was in that Children of God cult. I watched a documentary about the son of the founder of that shit who committed suicide. Crazy!
Haha a comment about Woody's AMA right after a top comment about Bill Murray who also did an AMA after Victoria left and the new chick completely fucked it up. I wish I had screens of it before /u/billmurraytranslator corrected it :D
You should watch Grey Gardens about Jackie's relatives that were holed up in a decrepit estate. Jackie helped get it back up to code once but other than that just let those ladies rot.
Great Balls of Fire was a fantastic movie.
Milwaukee has bars with outdoor seating everywhere. They just make you use a plastic cup so no glass gets shattered and many are dog-friendly too :)
I think MKUltra is real. I am disturbed by the systematic drugging of our kids with our acceptance and enthusiastic approval (and creating diseases out of unruly kids or oddballs) - basically making everyone believe they have some sort of mental illness and even encouraging some. I'm older so I still remember the classrooms where there were no such things as special ed (the "short bus" was for severely handicapped kids). Now every kid seems to need some special learning curriculum or whatnot, it's scary how desperate some parents are to ensure that their child is "special" to the point of literally drugging them up. See poor Janni and her insane parents, the Schofields. Thus setting these kids up to be manipulated; it's weird how many of these shooters have already had contact with governmental agencies. Not to mention David Hogg being a kid of an FBI agent and a CNN employee. Shit's weird.
What, wait - Tom Petty? He's dead, friend.
That where you go in your dreams is your real world and when you think you are awake you're actually just dreaming.
Because they're called "pizza bones" and belong to the dog - much like the first pancake of the batch.
"I can't do this shit even when I'm sober!" - Me My dad was a cop (RIP) so it's very loosely tangentially related. My mom LOVED it when she went through laundry and found a zebra shirt from the county lockup the next day. I swiped it and shoved it down the back of my pants - no-ass ladies represent :D
The technically correct thing.
Driving in my city is fucking dangerous. Too many kids rolling in stolen cars and crashing. Hell, I've been *walking* and have to watch the road when crossing even on a green light, and some idiot blasts through the red honking their horn. Or turning right in front of a bus. Or getting impatient with a left-turner and GOING AROUND them also making a left-turn. Fuck driving.
Never do cocaine.
I have well over 100 subs blocked using RES that are porn. And there are new ones popping up (hehe) all the time.
Interracial is pushed HARD (hehe) both in mainstream media and porn too.
yeah well, if you value your things more than your pup don't get a pup.
Here you go then, get the tissues ready. http://www.dogster.com/bolz/web-comics-disabled-dog-make-me-cry
Are you telling me Last Dance with Mary Jane was a mini-doc? I am so confused.
You also have to bring a lockbox with you to receive take-home. I knew a junkie who was on max amounts and lost his foot because he drank white russians all day and night. He was so stunted his mind was like a 6 year old emotionally. I am glad he got clean but damn he's just a little drunk kid (and to add, I asked him for literally just two drops of the methadone he got, he persisted to say no but relented with barely even a drop left in the bottle and let me tell you it knocked me on my ass - and he's the one that got me addicted to H long long ago so I am no spring chicken when it comes to the hard, GOOD shit).
It's true - if I drink enough I don't stumble or act weird, I just get headstrong and a little aggressive and bam - I have a twenty sack of crack. I think managing a small amount every now and again can be beneficial because every time I've ever thought "oh this will be fun" I've ended up fsieeling sick, sketchy, NOT fun and wondering why I still think that it will be different in the future. Every month I take the chance and every month it's no bueno. But that's insanity for ya. It will always be something like a bull in the china shop for me - gotta walk real careful if you're going there. Life is fun :D
I have never been so confident about not having kids.
They put Abba in cryogenics and that's why they're making a comeback. Uff-da!
Well you see, he was so depressed and hating on himself that it was only until he saw himself in the innocent pup that he could truly heal from the inside. The mom could only try so hard to make him see that he was not limited; the pup brought out that spark. Edit: I did not mean this comment in a smartass way, I hope it did not come off that way.
Black is over Hispanic on the progressive stack. Unless said Hispanic is "white" Hispanic. Or whatever. I just can't keep up!!
Oh my he's a tiny little Doug dog I love it! I am also glad that they didn't make the boy anything other than just a boy; they didn't project any angelic or nefarious intent from the get-go on the kid. They drew him completely neutral. Well done. Here is [another short](https://youtu.be/Qn7iOxElmko) you may like too, super simple yet makes my little shriveled black heart melt.
Just saying, if that's a concern then it's easily remedied, no need to point out the fact that there is such a thing as bubble wrap ffs. Sort of like telling someone they need to cover their outlets in a baby video that never even pans out to an open outlet. It's an unnecessary criticism.
I KNOW that. Just the fact that this person was pointing out that their belongings might get scuffed before realizing that they could provide an easy solution makes them the dumbass, not me.
Well yeah but it's not a focus of this particular video now is it? Is there anything being "scuffed" here? What WOULD be scuffed even using this setup? Tell me what scenario would require an extra buffer on the bumper. What could possibly get damaged by this contraption as it stands? I really want an answer to this.
She also probably paid off the folks involved. I have to admit it's a creative scam but then again she probably thought it was very real. It IS Gary, Indiana after all.
Blammo.
The devil's in the details y'all.
Until you find the keys.
I concur.
I bet you think this comment chain is about you, don't you? I got lost somewhere down the line :(
Look Shakey, we've been over this.
That entire facebook post the owner put up and then took down read like satire, but in the end made me wish I had never read it. It was the most vapid display of self-flagellation over an entitled shit-stirrer I've ever seen. I mean, really; what the actual fuck ever happened to common decency? I realize the phrase "we live in a society" is a meme but God damnit, once Jerry Springer took the idea of shame to a level where those who were ostensibly shamed became some sort of heroes we lost our damn minds collectively - idiots seeing themselves on screen didn't get the shame, only saw validation of their trashy lifestyles. This is what you get when you think EVERYTHING is fucking acceptable. We've lost our moral compass, people.
Nope. They say taxpayers don't foot the bill then list these grants and initiatives and don't say where THAT funding comes from. And all these people SAY they're going to use the money wisely. Sure. OK. Let's see the results of throwing good money after bad (welfare). Fuck California.
I love lamp. He took a hit doing fruit ninja too, mad respect.
Get a tube of cheap biscuits and fry 'em then ice 'em. Just like donuts :)
well they did bring us Corey Feldman's band.
Someone on the chans said a picture of a fence with it's traditional decorative iron work was pedo-related. Sometimes a swirl is just a swirl *sigh*/
I'd love a jigsaw puzzle of this image :D
Ah Wynter. Totally bombed the Bill Murray AMA to where a helpful user aptly named billmurraytranslator intervened. She got shit everywhere she went, was found to have tried to hook up some hip hop artist's video over on their sub and made embarrassing intros to subs like /r/blackladies and they weren't having it. I wish I had screenshots, it was rather epic.
creepy casino with pedo logos... Do you people even know Native American art motifs? Creepy casino, that's about the most hilarious thing I've ever heard. Rape trees, tunnels, kids' shoes - all unproven and couched in language that is meant to evoke an emotional response. This is ridiculous and I hope those "honored veterans" get their comeuppance for Chicken Little-ing this non-event. Just because someone is a vet doesn't mean they're not liars or deluded. You claim we shouldn't trust the police but we should trust people who've been in the US MILITARY? They are patriots and police are not? OK got it. Fools, the lot of you - desperately wanting to play hero in your homes.
Because those vets are fucking deranged and acting out their hero fantasies - in their minds they never left the military. Oh and trust THOSE "patriots" and not the police - OK.
I am not one to side with the crazy transsexual but I believe her over that SEAL dude. He reminds me too much of Dan Bilzerian to take seriously. She is more than likely the denizen of said camp or this is all an elaborate troll. If so, well done.
It's like ghost chasers who see faces in windows or hear voices in EVPs, when you're expecting to see/hear something you most certainly will. It's the placebo effect and how some magic works - just by planting the seed that you've "cursed" someone can make that person believe just enough to subtly mindfuck over time. It's weird how Native American art motifs on a casino can be turned into "that creepy casino with a pedo logo!" and 60 pairs of shoes turns into 100 then 600 (as seen in other threads). I am FAR more inclined to think that the flamboyant transsexual who claims this site is telling the truth over these opportunistic vets who may have set out with a noble cause but descended into self-aggrandizing pseudo-heroism to stay relevant. I mean this sub SHOULD be extremely skeptical when it comes to those so indoctrinated (see the multiple instances of propagandized "heroism" vis a vis the vaunted SEALs and bin Laden and the whole American Sniper debacle, not to mention 4star Gen. Petraeus and his antics the list goes on.) Since WHEN are vets immune to scepticism? How did they as a group come to be unassailable IN THIS INSTANCE? There's a well being poisoned here, and some are j just so desperate they're drinking it up.
I called animal control on my neighbors after a year of threatening and my SO even telling me to "stop being obsessed over that dog" when she's just a little peanut, crying and being *completely* ignored outside on a chain 24/7/365. They took her (thank God) and I bet they'd take those dogs too. Next thing I hear is the neighbors have another dog, a little Yorkie, that they kept in the basement. It died in there. If I EVER see those bastards bring another animal into that house, I'm calling AC IMMEDIATELY.
Sounds more like crack or meth, in my experience.
Hillary - "It takes a village to raise a child." Sane People - "Have you SEEN the 'village'? Yeah, no."
Yes, this. My cat had one, I was up all night with him clearing his little nose and worrying like crazy, he couldn't breathe so he couldn't lay down and sleep poor thing. Took him to the vet and they gave him fluids (he had a fever) and a script for liquid meds. Hope he gets better soon!
*cough* Bucks stadium *cough* And now the new rail system that will be FREE the first year for riders. Homeless shelter on wheels. Milwaukee is rapidly going down the shitter. ALL this money for the ungrateful vermin and a young cop has to die because some motherfucking felonious piece of shit was out on the streets AGAIN. And now we get to pay even MORE money to settlements over police "brutality" (thanks to a Bucks player, I mean, thug) when MKE just spent a shitload over stop and frisk. This used to be a nice city. Not anymore. I can't wait to leave.
[American-Israeli 'Public Affairs Committee'](https://www.aipac.org/) but might as well be 'Political Action Committee.'
This was on /r/funny or some shit a few days ago and it's a pic from Australia. Calm down.
No shit this guy is a liar, this pic was in a different sub and taken in Australia.
He can't, he won't, he writes a blog that he links often, therefore has a lot of ego to lose by admitting he's wrr-wrr-wrong.
Show the proof with timestamp of the actual knife. As to your last question: easy. Because he's a liar trying to make money wearing his stupid nickname on a t-shirt. Delusional vet who thinks he's "still in Saigon" and has to find/make up enemies to defeat to stroke his massive ego.
Sorry, it was in WTF, here. https://www.np.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/8pa0fh/found_this_casually_hanging_on_the_wall_in_a/
Here doofus. https://www.np.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/8pa0fh/found_this_casually_hanging_on_the_wall_in_a/ You people are doing far more harm than good.
SO give me the video. Why are you being so coy?
Timestamp please. edit: an hour later and no response. Tells you all you need to know.
They couched the language into the Act in terms that made it seem that it was identifying and exposing disinformation (Countering Disinformation And Propaganda Act) but rather, it literally meant countering meaning the USA could use propaganda in RESPONSE to said "disinformation." No truth required.
I am unsure as to what your point is. Please elaborate. edit: thought you were snarky but I'd like to know more re: Clinton tie-in, genuinely.
I haven't lost an eye but I have convergence dissonance - meaning my eyes don't want to focus in 3D. I literally see in 2D. I am afraid to drive outside of freeways, because I can't determine distance close up. Parking is a bitch. I also have severe nearsightness so when I take my glasses off I see a tapestry and can actually perceive 3D a bit better in the nebulous figures I see. 3D glasses over my corrective glasses give me a headache but it's fascinating to see true 3D. I never get to see it :( I am also clumsy going up or down stairs because I have a hard time gauging distance and you don't want me as a witness to anything due to that. I bang my head and twist my ankles often.
Convergence dissonance. Your eyes don't want to work as a team. I have it. They make special lenses that help but they still don't help to see true 3-D.
Certainly but when your vision is also affected by severe astigmatism and near-sightedness, you really have no point of reference if you are not involved in a lot of sports that develop your distance learning (like tennis, handball, etc.). I used to play tennis against the house which helped my ADHD but did really nothing to help my true judgment of distance - i.e. you learn to judge after you have a repetitive encounter with a thing and a benchmark - like roller skating or bumper cars, you learn using the only visual cues you have and when you have other issues with sight a lazy eye is a little more complex. Its hard to explain; I have two pairs of glasses that are bifocals but one pair works better for the midrange sight (i.e. seeing the office computer monitor clearly) but the other pair does better for the smaller paperwork I do. I have to get trifocals to see "it's a bird, it's a plane, it's Alpha Centauri" disparities in distance (shout out to Brian Regan) :D
Sorry for such late reply, but I get what you mean. When I was 8 years old I entered a ceramic draft horse in the Lake County Fair (IL). OK see I just typed out a paragraph about my experience with that but deleted it because it didn't contribute so yeah. Anyway. My entry won 1st Place and Best of Show so my aunt called me and said, "General, hang on to your hat!" And all I could do was reach onto my head where my Marriott's Great America visor rested, and said anxiously, "Which ONE??!!" I did not understand metaphor, turns of phrase or any linguistic tricks as I expected adults to be direct and that there would be dire consequences if I did not, indeed, hang on to the correct hat. Perhaps my green plastic visor was the hat referred to and it somehow was worth a lot of money because Shaun Cassidy touched it? Or because one of the Banana Splits wore it as they slid down the slide in the intro to their show? Who KNOWS? I have been drinking sorry.
There had been a moratorium of sorts on the studies that could be performed by thge CDC until Obama issued an [executive order](http://www.gunsandammo.com/politics/cdc-gun-research-backfires-on-obama/) that allowed for CDC gun research in 2013. He was looking for confirmation bias (familiar, anyone?) but lo and behold, [this](https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulhsieh/2018/04/30/that-time-the-cdc-asked-about-defensive-gun-uses/#5bbd79bf299a) and [this](https://capitalresearch.org/article/why-is-the-cdc-hiding-its-defensive-gun-use-statistics/) happened. This is relevant. https://www.nap.edu/read/18319/chapter/1
They never did. Here. http://www.gunsandammo.com/politics/cdc-gun-research-backfires-on-obama/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulhsieh/2018/04/30/that-time-the-cdc-asked-about-defensive-gun-uses/#5bbd79bf299a
I provided links. If you think I am incorrect or pushing an agenda please refute with your own links and deductions, smart guy.
Wasn't there a chick who made bread from her (yeast)[https://youtu.be/6itXGDOJcz4] as well as a woman who made period pancakes? Oh that was just "art." Ewww.
The NRA rightfully accused the CDC of bias. Did you not read how they were vindicated once the ban was lifted? The CDC is shady AF.
Alcohol- related incident = If you had a beer and you drive, and someone sober T-bones you when they run a red light. You have alcohol in your system but you didn't cause the accident? Still statistically alcohol-related, thanks MADD. Same way certain interests obfuscate gun stats.
Not according to Terrence Howard.
Check out Dat Phan the comedian.
Yeah, we here in Wisconsin sure don't know how to deal with harsh weather. And we don't hunt and certainly do NOT own more than a couple of guns.
Maybe the pact is to stop getting shitty tats? My friend's son walked in his house one day (a banger), and he had a new tattoo. I asked him why he had an onion on the side of his neck and he told me it was a bag of money. I am glad we all were good friends otherwise I think he'd have killed me :D
I don't mean to impose, but I am the Ocean.
Do you even hear yourself? Tell me this: why do nations have borders? Did you know that you cannot even *enter* Canada if you have a DUI on your record until 5 years after your last conviction? Why should the USA be the dumping ground for these migrants? I believe there are a number of countries that are not "hotbeds of violence" between the migrants and the USA. Let them seek asylum in the nearest country. Oh yeah, they want to come to the USA to make their money to send back to their kin that they left in their shithole country. We need to tax the everloving FUCK out of monies that is wired to Mexico, Central America and South America.
Please expand your statement. Why do you feel America should have more lax borders than other countries? Why do you think these migrants did not seek asylum in a Central American country or Mexico? Why are we responsible for the citizenry of other nations that don't have their shit together? It's up to the citizens to make the country they want and don't give me any bullshit of how these poor locals cannot possibly do anything about their situation - we Americans threw off the shackles of British rule, THE ruling Empire of the Western world, a ragtag bunch that created what is now the most powerful Nation on earth. I don't have much sympathy for menfolk who travel umpteen-hundred or thousands of miles to flee but don't have the fortitude to fight for their own country.
I remember the Hawaiian site that was talked about when Pgate was popular. Bif Skipman and such and so. Is this the same place this user found signals at?
Wineskin or bottle? Lion or wolf? Debtors or trespassers? I gave my sister her KJV Bible she was given for Confirmation that was kind of just left behind (lol, that bitch ran away at 16 to do blow with some senators down in Florida). I wish I still had it. I have three Bibles currently and should dig them out to check ;D
This city is rapidly becoming a grade A shithole. I've lived here for 30 years on all sides of town. Get out now, the property taxes are being raised again because of the rail system and the Bucks stadium. My SO pays 3X what my mom pays for property tax and her house is valued at almost 3X what his is. We live right off MLK Drive and he still thinks that it will get better. It won't. I can't wait to leave to help my Mom out in a non-diverse lovely rural area where I don't have to hear sirens and rap 24/7. I am too old for this bullshit.
And some schmuck paid over a 250K for a house on Commerce. I live right off MLK and I cannot go to the corner store without aggression. The bar scene sucks ass now, Locust Street Days is now one day and not even fun anymore, Juneteenth was a fucking DISASTER back in the day but now is heavily policed, the new rail system is a nightmare in the making (FREE for the first year, can't wait to smell more booze, weed and piss on my way to work!) The far Northwest side USED to be nice. Check the demographics. Now the suburbs are feeling the repurcussions of Milwaukee's lax criminal justice system - they have to deal with the bullshit we won't. The young cop killed on a chase wouldn't have had to die if the thug he was chasing were in fucking JAIL but no, Milwaukee is paying out the nose for stop and frisk and now that Bucks player shithead is suing as well. Don't make the black kids angry, white girl bleed a lot.
That baby's sellin' weed! Go home baby!
Ore-Ida Cheddar Browns. Bricks of hash browns with cheddar cheese in 'em, just fry em up and they were crisp on the outside and tender inside.
You're that crazy cracker from up on the hill, aren't you?
Schools - breakfast, lunch and dinner during the summer and free lunches (and sometimes breakfast) for the rest of the year.
Me and the SO took a couple of pilgrimages to Cedar Point. Two years ago was the last time we went though;I turned 50 last year and don't have the stamina to walk all day long and bake. But we highly recommend the Top Thrill Dragster - front car, ofc. Funny that as I type this I am wearing my Thrill List T-shirt :D We're close to Great America (and we both worked there as teens back when it was Marriott's) but it just makes us mad at how it's changed so much and got so damn generic. Also - super expensive!
I was a crackhead and then moved to the south, tried meth. Could not for the life of me understand what was so fun about rearranging bull-riding gear and awards all night long in a double-wide. I've also been threatened (and actually hit) more often around meth folk than I ever have in the core of Milwaukee as a barefoot crackhead at 3am. In case you haven't noticed, cocaine and cocaine derivatives are my "why the FUCK did I ever try this?" things. The struggle is VERY real. :(
I'm conflicted. I mean, I admit I am *kinda* curious to know what people meat tastes like, but I think once it hit my mouth my brain would override and force me to spit it out. My brain is already rebelling by my attempts to imagine it.
AskReddit nuked a thread that asked LGBT+ people if they still feel a part of the "community," there was good discussion on there last night and I wanted to check it again - gone.
He might want to try talking to the recumbent community. Not trying to hate, they're just a little more laid-back.
There was such a good thread on AskReddit regarding LGBT's and how they feel the LGBT "community" treats them. I didn't come across many hateful comments AT ALL; the explanations and respectful questions were insightful. There were some transsexuals who came out with a firm disdain for anyone who prefers not to sleep with transgendered people and there were just as many stating it's a preference and that the polysexual or pansexual identity identifies people who date/have sex outside of the male/female gender/sex paradigms. There was a lot of good discussion lost :(
/u/Strydor.
You can't even *visit* Canada with a DUI on your record.
They deliberately use children *constantly* to drive their agenda. See the sub-Saharans flooding into Europe? 99 percent males age 18-30, prime fighting age. They sprinkle in a few women and kids just to tug at heartstrings. Propaganda like that shows up on the front page like the /r/pics post from the Iranian REFUGEE (in case the title was unclear lol) who is now in Canada, and the post with the crying mother and kid reunited. I can see it easily as I have no mothering instinct; quite the opposite actually. Look, Mexico is huge. Not every state there is dangerous, so these migrants (which is what they really are, crossing two or three perfectly safe countries to get to the US) should go to one of them and STAY THERE.
I think I got into the habit of taking my T-shirts off like in the video because I take my bra off from underneath when I get home, and it's kind of the same motion. I've never really thought about it until now.
A friend of mine said he went to Harvard. Then pulled out a picture of him visiting the campus.
Let's just make Gleese! Asian-American street racers who are also gay.
Why can't you just find it yourself? Aren't you the one who posts the "VOP Raise Awareness about the Tuscon Thing!" *constantly* and then turn around and refer people to your channel and that crackhead who breaks into structures because he found a meth pipe.
My SO got Lasik years ago and now he needs glasses. Granted it was a while ago but that's why I will never fuck with my eyes, and I need trifocals.
Oh god no. I've had contacts rolled back in my eye, and when your eyes are dry it's like peeling cling wrap off your eyeballs. I'm not sensitive at all, I had hard lenses back in high school then ultra expensive torics, but just the thought of keeping a film over your eyes as you REM sleep makes me uneasy.
I have two sets of two pairs of bifocals, one that's great for TV watching and close up sight but shitty for the midrange like my computer screen. The other is good for the screen mostly but no good for closer or farther. I need a dedicated pair for midrange. I also have a convergence issue with my eyes, I don't really see 3D, my eyes don't work together well. I also hate when it's freezing out and my breath fogs my glasses up and they don't defog.
I refuse to participate in BSDM that involves taking off my glasses unless I'm blindfolded. It's weird, I just feel like it's taking a crutch away from a disabled submissive without leading them to the bed. I don't know how to explain it.
Not every town in Mexico is a shithole. Fuck, I just told my SO that, being childless and without any retirement savings, I might just take my pittance of SS and head to Mexico to live. I currently reside in the ghetto area of a major city so it can't be any worse, really. My friend from high school lives on Cozumel and is the owner of Liquid Blue Diving (they took it over from the previous owner). She is living THE LIFE.
The Puerto Rican deli/cantina close to me is freaking awesome. Went in there as I was walking home late one summer night with just a couple dollars in my pocket and thirsty. Stopped in and the owner taught me dance moves and shorty Miller Lites were on the house. Walked two doors down to my rooming house and passed out happy. Their gizzards and tripe were to die for.
You should see bathtub Marys.
Concentration camps don't have video games and communal areas with couches and TVs and consoles. You're seeing ABC News' take. I think this sub has jumped the shark with the pedo trafficking bullshit. These kids were more than likely SAVED from trafficking.
When I take the bus home, my stop is announced with the addition of "Harambee Neighborhood." I don't see many dicks out but I sure see a lot of ass-crack. And probably some real crack too.
Just walking down the damn street is a fucking crapshoot sometimes. I don't drive; I refuse to. I've waited at the bus stop and BAM! crash. Idiots turn in front of buses and then honk at ME crossing on the green light, or left turners doing the same. People turn left PASSING other left turners IN THE INTERSECTION. They HONK their horns as they cruise through red lights. I fucking hate it here anymore and I've lived here all my adult life. I am 50 now and damn fatigued from being beg-assaulted every day and having my quiet evenings disturbed by the earthquakes known as boomcars rolling around. It's going downhill fast and I'm just biding my time until the SO gets sick of having crackheads giving blowjobs right in our back driveway. Side note: why do the Brewers do all kinds of community services like build a brand new playground at Meta House, etc. etc. but the Bucks don't do shit with their new stadium and all... Detroit 2.0 coming soon.
You most likely don't live here. We have kids that have no supervision running AMOK and know they're untouchable. One woman had her carjacker's Facebook video showing her plate, him driving and all the evidence ever needed. No prosecution because "racist." We ALL know it. It's completely out of control.
Or a carjacking yoot.
I miss Edwardo's :(
The hell it is, have you ever been to jail? I have. It's nothing like this. Stop with your hyperbole.
So I suppose every single town and city in the *vast* country of Mexico is a lawless, cartel-controlled, shoot-em-up gang infested shithole then, since they can't go to any of THEM, right? "Running from gang violence," "children being RIPPED from their mothers arms," "concentration camps." All HYPERBOLE designed to play on emotions.
Hey now, he's sprinkled in a few UFO and ET videos now and again. He's new. He's young. He's feeling the savior complex that Q helps along; making the "normies" feel like part of a grand mission to expose something or another. I was on 4chan when Q came around, and when the CBTS board was chased away - they were all into the right bakers for new bread, all that treehouse secret code shit.... and then the bots took over for a minute, it was epic. I am old. I am very familiar with the stories and spin that folks like /u/rantingsofastarseed and Mr. War are engaging in. Wouldn't be surprised if the guy on Hoover Dam in his armored vehicle turned out to be Mr. War himself. Poor deluded soul, his heart is in the right place but his brain is disengaged.
Thanks to you bringing out the nutjobs like the dude at the Hoover Dam. If there's blood on anyone hands it's yours for spreading the rantings of some "vets," the most unstable population we have in the country. You decry the government but praise those who volunteer to serve that same government. Saviour complex is all it comes down to. Failed vets who enlisted for the money and the ego. Now they're home with no wives no families. Steve Wilkos does more for abused kids than some loser with his name blazed across his chest like some MMA fighter. I think these idiots probably see pedo everywhere because they are pedos!! I mean, homophobics are that way because they're secretly gay, right?
I'd be interested in a list of what this collection contains.
Michael McGee Miwaukee. Lena Taylor (State Senator) also from illustrious Milwaukee, couldn't cash an 800 dollar check because she didn't have money to cover in her account. Black teller. Lena called said black teller a "house nigger." Police were called. There are schools for academic and scientific high school black excellence popping up all the time. Black owned. And closing all the time with loans unpaid. I worked for the CDBG office at City Hall (pretty much all black employees and I got to watch the ladies curl their hair and do their nails) and also worked for a A/E firm that built prisons - 10 percent of the contract HAS to go to WBE/MBE (black or women owned businesses) regardless of qualifications. I helped put together the proposal for the Milwaukee County Criminal Justice Facility downtown - where I found myself incarcerated many years later but I digress. The TSA is the largest jobs program to date that the Federal government has implemented in the name of safety - letting the foxes run the henhouse basically. See also the DC Metro and their incompetence, promoting black people with no engineering degrees over whites with said degrees. Yay diversity!! Because we MUST employ those who go out of their way to be unemployable. Thereby giving said population the idea that their untouchable. Which also informs the decisions to not charge feral youth that are of the same untouchable class because they're somehow oppressed. It's really working out well :D
On a different site someone was talking about how racist the whole immigration thing is, then mentioned their lawn care crew and how friendly they were, and that OP learned a little Spanish and was going to a Mexican restaurant. Treating them like pets and commodities.
After hearing of Netflix and their two drag kids' shows I am convinced of what you say. (Full disclosure I believe one of them is even MORE adult oriented so it's on a specialty LGBT channel, not the more widely available Netflix programming IIRC).
The Bucks get a new stadium and MKE already has paid out the nose for Dontre Hamilton and the damages wrought in Sherman Park Neighborhood now we get to pay even more. Meanwhile yet another multiple felon is out and leads cops on a chase and the young man dies. Why was that motherfucker out? Catch and release. The suburbs are getting sick of our lack of harsh sentencing and lack of prosecutors who actually want to do their jobs. Oh well, the city's going to hell anyway. Just overheard the cops that are helping with the Juneteenth gig as I walked home from getting smokes mere minutes ago say that because that new train is going to be free they can't kick anyone off. Because it's free so they're wisely not going to deal with the new traveling homeless shelter and I don't fucking blame them.
Never been to a 'Sconsin Friday night fish fry, have ya?
I got a paycheck from a job I worked while on hiatus from where I work now. I always got direct deposit right to my Amex Serve debit card and can pay my bills directly from it too. I could have signed it over to my SO but that's a hassle for him so I just went to the corner and cashed it. It's not always because someone can't get a bank account - lots of people don't have brick and mortar financial institutions and who issues *paychecks* nowadays anyway?
Pulling the tooth nerve is up there too.
I was 14 when I saw my first show, it was UFO with Molly Hatchet opening. Kind of a strange pairing.
That close up picture of the "girl." Nope. That's a *man.* Hell in a handbasket, I tell ya.
I miss Myspace. I was thinking of a song the other day and tried to look it up, the artist was only on Myspace really, and now even their songs don't work. :( Many friends never migrated to Facebook so I lost a LOT of cool people I interacted with a lot. Hell, a couple even crossed state lines to pick up my pair of cats when I had to move; never met them before but they helped me out! :D
last dude's titties are bigger than mine :(
They see the large women and HAES, and their personalities are shit, so they are basically making themselves victims so as not to confront their cognitive and social deficiencies.
I blame Jerry Springer for making these people visible on a national stage - that alone is enough to "validate" their bullshit because they don't process the jeering and laughing as negative. Just seeing themselves reflected on that damn TV screen is enough. I've had experiences in the fet lifestyle AND was an addict - most grow out of it. I went from hard left to alt-right because of the shit I've seen. So glad I am old; progressives can shit in the bed they made for all I care at this point.
I am a girl so it's jarring to see a better pair on a man than on my own torso.
Nope.
Well of course they did - the floodgates were opened with Springer parading these idiots out on stage. Like I said, even when ridiculed, just being on the devil box broadcast into millions of homes during the day (the demographic that encompasses most of these folk are mostly unemployed as are the viewers) validates those blobs sitting at home who either a) have these thoughts feel validated and dig deeper into their delusions, and b) don't, so they feel superior to those they watch on the TV ignoring their own filth and detritus. Reality TV coupled with social media completely fucked up an entire generation or two.
It was as strange a pairing as was Yngwie Malmsteen opening for AC/DC. Or Running Wild opening for Slayer (tbh Running Wild wasn't bad...).
I know. Electric Phase fucking rocks. I wish I still had the concert shirt - it was for their Wild, Willing and Innocent tour - and I was a 14 year old girl wearing that shirt around. I think my parents about gave up on me by that point, I went from loving Duran Duran (face it, Simon LeBon has the pipes) to loving Celtic Frost and MOD LOL!! Edit to add, it was my best friend's older brother who scored tickets, and her parents drove us up to Alpine Valley for the show. They're Mormon! :D I still keep in touch with them.
My future self has a good point though.
Yes, I could not reconcile his fetish within our relationship. I realized just what my limits were.
I watch that all day on weekends (meaning, it's on the TV as I dick around in the kitchen). I like America's Test Kitchen a lot better without Christopher Kimball for some reason :D
That's why if you want it to bond quicker, puff on it open-mouthed like when you're cleaning your glasses. Zip-Kicker is good if you are a model maker, it sprays on and sets it instantly. Smells good too :)
This looks like just the inside casing portion of a new bottle, the outer harder plastic colored coating is what they took off.
/r/StormfrontorSJW
Don't forget Holder.
Really late here, but I had the same defect and was 9 years old when I got mine fixed in 1976. I was younger so my 'pin' only needed 8 months or so. But yeah, I can totally understand that feeling :(
The way it just took off... I was on 4chan when CBTS started, when the bad bakers and tripcode hacker and bots started to hit the board, then the migration to 8ch, etc. It was intriguing at first but then it devolved when people were seeing "Q"s in flight patterns and such, around January. The folks over on ATS are making up these "decoding" matrices and trying to make the gobbledygook that results actually mean something. I am not sure how I feel about the whole thing but I do think it's a psyop of some sort at this point.
Yep. /r/aryangoddess/
Huh so can I, as a female born with a birth defect (Pectus Excavatum), the correction of which affected the development of my breasts and makes me very uncomfortable (because I identify as a woman with a body that is not disfigured) will they fix me or is that only for people who claim to be the opposite gender?
See my comment above :)
The ominous music upon entering a dungeon in the original Legend of Zelda. I bought graph paper and made icons just to map out the levels: labeling the bombed walls that did not for to bomb and the walls that you could walk through as well as indicating the direction in which you could pass and where you would end up. I am old, and I really need to replay that game :)
God damn it Milwaukee. Please report this mofo!! I am so sad for our city that people like this still mouth off. BUT: I've seen lately that people are very much for our pursuit policy, and a bus driver pulled the bus over and called transit police for two dickwads that were talking LOUD on their phones (as per usual). The good people are rising up and it's the only thing giving me hope to continue to live here.
That, and their fucking drag queen kid shows!! I mean, seriously what the actual fuck?
We got one and "broke" it, now we watch all kinds of movies and shows. Love it!!!
I got SO PISSED at my boss when he said he went to his car in the parking structure and caught a guy breaking into his car and going through his things. My boss gave him five bucks! Come ON dude, please don't reward bad behavior, you go back to your nice multi-million dollar home and don't have to deal with this shit whereas I LIVE in this trash city and would appreciate you not feeding the wildlife thank you.
Time well spent; this is fantastic. Thank you for your service o7
Watching local coverage on our Fox affiliate and they just mentioned how Trump got TWO scoops of his shovel off just like his ice cream LOL! :D
Oh yeah, they're getting a boatload of incentives plus rights to Lake Michigan water and the kerfuffle over eminent domain. I can't wait until their Milwaukee facility for office personnel opens! Resume ready!
Liquid crystal display screens used by computers, televisions self-driving cars, aircraft systems and other products.
Two scoops :D
Late here, but I have [something](https://allnurses.com/general-nursing-discussion/whats-your-best-108202.html) for you!! Over 2K comments - enjoy!!
Holy shit that's racist. I am a minority insofar as where I live, never got rejected. I am surprised they admitted something like that :0
To be fair, Inglewood *is* in her district, entirely. It's too bad dude didn't fact-check first :(
Why yes, but not 1st gen red. 70's kid here.
Yeah but I went to high school with the son of the builder of [this pyramid](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/onans-gold-pyramid-house). Nyah.
Never believe it's not so!
Meh, he'll just scowl like he always does &gt;:(
It's hot as hell out there today - we'll see if the snowflakes melt. spez: Summerfest is even allowing *gasp* ONE unopened factory-sealed bottle of water to take in with you due to the heat lol.
Okapi I've known about for years, as a kid I collected animal cards and remember that distinctly. South America does look way further east, and I never knew Australia was so close to Indonesia. That's kind of trippy.
Listen to him talk about not wanting to put on a dress in an interview. I heard it on a video about the black gay mafia and rappers/actors. Birdman fucking Lil Wayne and shit. Weird.
...and I turn 51 the day after - happy early birthday youngster!
My mom had an episode after my dad passed away and she stopped eating, her sodium levels got dangerously low. She thought someone was in the house and shot my dad's 9mm down the hall. Pretty good aim. Holes still aren't patched. All guns are now out of the house, thank goodness. Her hearing went to hell after that.
I always liked the flow of "booger hook off the bang button" but I guess then it wouldn't be a quote. Don't care, I'm sticking with this one.
I should apply to work there. I was born with Pectus Excavatum meaning my chest was bent inwards. Fixed in 1976 at age 9, they broke my sternum and ribs, pushed 'em up and put a pin in me to heal. I have a nasty scar and very old implants from close to 30 years ago when I had reconstructive surgery. If they pay for implants for men, they damn well better pay for a woman whose natural breasts were mangled due to a birth defect, no? And who still has original Dow Corning silicone in her, causing issues with autoimmune diseases. Betcha now that "men" get them, the medical community will actually care what they put in people's bodies now, right? Sure didn't give a damn when they put them in real women, fuckheads. I *really* should do it. :D
My great-uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the first mtf transsexual celeb in the USA. Same side of family traces back to the Mayflower.
First time I flew as an adult back in the 90's I went from the Midwest to New York. Got a meal on the plane. :(
Get rid of the fucking UN - their "migrant pact" is pure insanity and anyone with half a brain can see what's happening! Give me ONE good reason for their continued existence. Just one.
Any of those 'sin Fronteras' groups - it literally means "without borders." Including the Doctors group. All groups that organize under a foreign language should be looked at closely.
Why only 3/4 ounces tho? Wait - how much is an 8ball again? 3.5 grams? An eighth oz. Oh yeah, a teener is a 16th and that's a gram and a quarter. Drug math is hard, yo.
He rides a unicorn farting rainbows.
There's a class that has quizzes on trans issues? HAHAHAHA so glad I am old and never went to college. You kids nowadays have it pretty hard. :(
My mom is also a great cook, but thought to branch out as well and made some short ribs with hosein sauce, and had my Dad's best friend over for dinner. Man she really screwed that one up, to where even my dad's friend said, "Whew momma, what the hell did you do to these ribs?" The next time she cooked for these friends when we moved and had a housewarming party the food was great but my mom was a basket case, and went upstairs sick-drunk with anxiety when we all sat around the table.
was this painted with (•_•) ( •_•)&gt;⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) lead paint?
AROO!
Is it common for welo opals to yellow over time? Not this variety but 3mm rondelles?
That is what I suspected I will be more careful in the future :) Cheers and thank you!
I just paid my credit card off so I'd get some taco bell delivered.
His smug ass. Put your head down Barry, ya fuckwit.
It's like GHWB and McStain were just kept on ice until the "right time." What are the odds that Senior passed right before this week of testimony?
Do you know the password? This is a [SAFE HOUSE](https://www.safe-house.com/milwaukee-restaurant/history), you know.
INTO THE CRYPT OF RAYS! Oh wait, that's "desperate Satanism." Six of one I guess...
No shit! I write reports from doctor's dictation as my job and even I am not that fucking pedantic.
Gives me a Martin Shkreli vibe tbh.
The team is being creamed and they send in the disabled kid to run in a goal. I hate those "feel good" stories. Such pandering. But I don't think this instance is quite comparable. Not a fan but still pretty dope.
"I've broken my bones over 200 times! But I didn't let that stop me since you suckers donate for all my surgeries after I do all these amazing things that break my bones!"
We have a new African-American Dem sheriff (no R challenger) to replace Sheriff Clarke and he is doing the same thing. :( Milwaukee just keeps getting worse under Barrett and Wisconsin now has pathetic Tony Evers as a Governor (a previous MPS school superintendent, wow such experience leading failure yay!)
:(
I have a friend who was a semi-pro wrestler, was the commissioner of MWC and he now does property management at an old folks' type of home. Everyone loves him, big bald dude all tatted up and he, in turn, LOVES his soaps during the day. He explained that's what wrestling is, just soaps for dudes. Made total sense.
Lead my cow through a warm kitchen.
SO is a mechanic and they just call up the dealership he works at when he brings in a load of rotors. He also worked at an auction so I am sure there'd be some way to get documentation.
I like my ZTE.
If parents can't feed or clothe their own kids CPS needs to get involved, and I think we do need a program of forced Depo shots for some people until they get their shit together. Think about it - Coats for Kids, Backpack programs for school supplies, feeding kids through the entire year at schools and other locations (even in the summers) b'fast, lunch AND dinner, huge housing allowances - it's just a fact that there's nothing that can help some folks and society is COMPLETELY raising these kids. "Getting over" is the number one priority in their lives and having kids they can't afford is a generational way of making a living in many cases.
And giving these kids every single thing their parents won't generation after generation doesn't seem to be helping, kids just get told the Man is paying as they grow up, and they learn they don't need to be held accountable. The cycle continues. We need to stop these kids from being conceived in the first place and stop incentivising the poor into having kids just to collect money from taxpayers. Depo shots after the first one you can't seem to raise. Period.
Flew out to see parents (retired) after Dad (ex-cop) had surgery for an abdominal aneurysm. He looked terrible and the first thing he wanted from me the day after I came in was to download GnR's "Knocking on Heaven's Door" onto his new laptop. The rest of the time there he basically slept on his recliner, no more golfing with his friends, had to rely on Mom, etc. Flew home with a heavy heart, then Mom called a few months later telling me he passed. That was in July after my flight that spring. I flew in on Christmas that same year and couldn't bear to sleep in his bedroom so I slept on the couch. Something was not right. I was spooked and weirded out. I knew Mom had freaked the fuck out after Dad died and stopped eating, then started getting paranoid without her husband of 50+ years with her so she shot Dad's 9mm down the hall - and the bullet holes were there that Christmas, unfixed, shards of porcelain in the bathtub where she misfired ... she screwed up her hearing. So it was just a very odd holiday and I swore up and down I was not going back the next year. FF to next year (last year). I fly down (good daughter). She sits me down one night to tell me that my father actually died from shooting himself in the head. I damn well knew the story she told me wasn't true but I didn't know why. That explains her grief and break with reality because she saw him do it and couldn't reach him in time. I swore up and down, left and right, that I was not going back down there again. I fly out two weeks from now. Pray for me Reddit and Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays to you all.
Well, if the woman who married the Eiffel Tower couldn't bond with her championship archery bow she so brilliantly dubbed "Lance," what chance did they really have?
username kinda gives that guy away lol - good advice nonetheless.
I heard Leroy Brown was a badass - baddest man in the whole damn town as a matter of fact.
That lapel pin is the logo for St. Jude's Hospital for Children, look it up.
Don't confuse them with Skrew, though. Different bands.
You'll have to watch "I Think We're Alone Now," about two "men?" who are obsessed with Tiffany (80's mall kid singer).
CHAI - Didn't Hillary have a spasm then blamed the Chai tea?
I had to show ID to make a $25 payment on my Chase Amazon Rewards credit card. Like yeah, I'm laundering drug money one monthly transaction of $25 at a time.
Upper back spasms. It's like a foot cramp x5 but nothing helps. Dropped over $150 for 9 (NINE) muscle relaxers and a visit to the urgent care center. Protip: if you have friends who give you these kinds of pills, like I had (but don't anymore) hoard them. Don't take them just to relax, you'd wish you'd have kept them. Knocked me out of commission for a week, and easily the most painful thing I have experienced yet. And I've fractured my pelvic bone!
Me and my SO went through a "roll your own" phase and I got a metal cigarette case as well. After destroying a few sweatshirts by a poorly rolled cigarette's cherry falling off, we reverted back to regular cigarettes and I use my case to carry my credit cards. I was skimmed once and along with only using my bank's ATM on-site, I like knowing that my cards are safe in a fancy metal case.
Buy a parka with a faux fur trim on the hood. You will invariably wash and dry it and make the faux fur melty. Get a fur trim from Amazon for like $50 and replace the old fake. Warmer, looks classy AF and so so soft. I don't buy fur as a general rule, BUT I love my silver fox hood and it is a 100 percent improvement.
And that extends to the gang-banger lifestyle here in the US as well. They really don't want to participate in any "system," it would seem.
Search 'Michael Alig Desmond is Amazing' and check out the videos. Michael Alig killed and dismembered a club scene kid named Angel decades ago. So here's Desmond sitting next to and conversing with this murderer. Please note the artwork above their heads with the word "rohypnol" in the bottom right corner. I am sorry to do this to you but I feel it is very important to increase awareness.
Search 'Michael Alig Desmond is Amazing' and check out the videos. Michael Alig killed and dismembered a club scene kid named Angel decades ago. So here's Desmond sitting next to and conversing with this murderer. Please note the artwork above their heads with the word "rohypnol" in the bottom right corner. Please do check this, and come back with your perception of those interviews. I am curious as to how you are going to stand up for this after you watch.
Their debut album *Gish* is really good, then they went downhill, imo.
I always post about Alig when I see this kid come up. Thank you for spreading this information!
what an edit!
Well, I certainly can't see how the phrase, "Say Lonk if you think black people contribute nothing to society" got 12K upvotes, so I think the original was just, "Lonk?"
Ah, I have one of those irons, for Rosettes though, a thinner batter. Delicious, now I have to make some this week :)
Looks like the Fosters house!
That's crazy! I'm a little long in the tooth but I have a cuter face and better body by far. I need to re-evaluate my life.
Many times in my city kids will do terrible things, like in one case the "kid" killed a teen with a hammer, a knife and then burned the body. Over a gaming system. The mom put him on a bus to Chicago. She's in for three, he's in for life no chance of release. Another mom was waiting outside the courthouse in her car and her lovely son cut off his GPS IN THE COURTHOUSE and cctv caught her in the car waiting for him. ANOTHER mom hid her son who shot a detective because "she wasn't gonna throw him to the wolves!" All three families had one thing in common.
Huh. I'm 51 and have smoked regularly since I was 16. I smoke daily and have for the past 25 years at least, and I seem to function just fine, great job, love cooking, etc. And since I'm older and don't do the bar scene it's nice to come home and smoke up, read, dick around on the internet, make jewelry... I enjoy it very much. And I've pretty much quit drinking, and it really helped me when I was getting off of hard drugs (cocaine). Everyone is different,though so I understand my experience is not universal by any means.
I remember reading somewhere that back in the day it was de rigueur to cut the perineum and, when stitching back up, the doc would put "one extra for the husband." Unfortunately I'm on tablet or I'd look it up and provide a lonk.
I have been an avid Farmville 2 player for over three years. I have a spreadsheet with all my animals, with XP for prized, have tons of exclusive decorations and animals, and the quests can be done as you choose. I pay $19 per month for VIP but it's a drop in the bucket for the enjoyment I get out of it. The animals are adorable too. Stardew Valley graphics don't really do it for me.
Tyrone shoelaces
I had Pectus Excavatum until I was 9 then got it fixed in 1976. Look up the procedure back then. I thought everyone could eat their cereal out of their chest compartment for the longest time.
My dad did too, after a procedure to remove an abdominal aneurysm that they probably could have left alone. He took it into his own hands to do something about it. I pray your father finds peace naturally rather than in "another way" like my father did.
I think they're all pretty funny - the one where they spoof people waiting for the curtains to part on some bad-ass truck so they can oooh and ahhh over it, but it's just a computer is a good one, and I love the little box dude. Now the US Cellular commercials with that smug announcer in the glasses can fuck right off.
No touchy da fishy :(
The TSA was not just security theatre it was a jobs program. Look at the DC Metro for an example of "just putting people to work." Or any local City Hall, which was a hellhole to work at 20 years ago let alone now. Total incompetency. That's why public sector unions are a joke. Merry Christmas to you and yours :)
I just want to be able to think about moving out from a crappy situation, so here's my virtual lottery ticket submission to keep me going! Merry Christmas to all and best of luck everyone!
*Iguana tegu to work :)
Mistakes were made...
I graduated high school in 1985 so my childhood was 70s. I think I'm really lucky, it was a blast. Had so much money cause rent was actually affordable, jobs had stellar insurance and other benefits, and if you had to use an agency to get a job you'd have a job by the end of the week without having to do more than a short initial interview and maybe some tests. Going to a concert was like 22 bucks, t-shirts were $10 to $14, good weed was $45 a quarter tops for Hawaiian bud... Wish I kept some of my clothes though.
Disparate impact caused the 2008 recession. Disparate impact means "let the criminals be criminals, let the poor get loans they can't pay back..." and on, and on, and on. Our city finally stopped with the inane "don't chase" directive, because kids were going WILD with their carjackings. When you have to fear getting shot or hit by a car IN YOUR HOUSE you know your "faith-based initiatives" and other hoo-ha is NOT WORKING. Two freeway shootings in one week up in here. Get your shit together, minorities. Tired of seeing you on the news every damn day.
Yes! :D
Penny slot girl here, our go-to's were to put payout slip in purse and put new money in each new slot (or the same, if it was doing well.) Also changing up the number of coins you bet per line also seems to help nudge a win or bonus. It's all for fun, and I never would put more than a $20 into any given machine. Lose a hundred in an afternoon? Nah, if I'm down 60 I'm out. I most often just break even and that's my afternoon of fun. Haven't been for about a year now though, Tunica was fun but our local Potawatomi casino can be sketchy since it's downtown of a large city (bedbugs can be a concern, and some folks with foul smells) and it's tight.
I saw this post yesterday and reported it. Motherfucker. Glad to have seen it was removed a few hours later.
What's the ring he puts on his right hand near the end?
Why? It's funny weird T-shirts, did not see anything "satanic." Could you tell what merch you think is suspicious?
I'm an adult and the emotional punching bag for my roommate (once my SO). He left a steak in the fridge for five days, and when I finally made it (I left it because he bought it and said he would cook it but he's alcoholic, and every day off he lays on the couch with me waiting on him hand and foot, playing waitress, busboy and maid so this time I went 'on strike'.) The steak turned out shitty so of course it was my fault. I am on vacation at my Mom's and when I get back I am living in my room. Can't gaslight me or blame me if I stay the hell away from you. And that's the worst thing for him, to be ignored. Sometimes you just have to disengage for your own sanity and safety.
I am in Wisconsin and was homeless here over a winter so I can relate! Stayed in the back of a capped truck in a parking lot of a bar where I knew the owners. They let me barback for a while to help get me on my feet. I just got new boots for Christmas and have a size 7.5 women's boots I can send you. I don't have much as I only work 12 hours a week and live in a crappy situation, but it would mean as much or even more to me to help you. Since you seem to have an outpouring of support, if you don't need anything else I will make a donation with you in my thoughts to Sojourner Truth House when I get home and post my proofs. Reddit really makes my day sometimes; and I am not the best person in the world (I realize my shortcomings) but I do have a heart. :)
Upper back cramp!!! Woke up crying and howling. Went to urgent care and they gave me 9 muscle relaxers and given my numb fingertips, it's a pinched nerve. Paid $100 up front, then got a bill for another $200. That's the second worst pain I've had.
12+ year crack/IV coke addict here. :( When I heard my father say he was convinced he'd have to come identify my body, it tore into my soul. 8 years clean now :) If my parents were not alive during my battle, I would have killed myself. I stuck it out so as not to hurt them.
I'd like to see a map of where Obama pushed people from the ghetto to perfectly cromulent neighborhoods in other states (that were majority white, because diversity = all black).
Hand and foot warmers! I can send some along for you. Layers trap oxygen so thin layers of thermals with sweat pants/shirts and then heavier coats over that. I had another person with me in the back of that truck so body warmth is always welcome. I can't stress enough the layers because if you sweat, that can get cold quick so you need to be able to take off layers or put them on as needed. Thin wicking cotton socks first, then layer wool socks over them. I am so glad I didn't go through menopause during that hectic time :) I am blessed (even though I live with an asshole, I'll handle that shit) so if you need ANYTHING at all, please do not hesitate to reach out.
You can do this!!! It's hard and when stressed it's easy to think "fuck it" and fall back but you're better than drugs. PM me anytime for encouragement! I am a chick btw :)
It sure will - moisture is not your friend in the winter. I tagged you as a friend so reach out anytime. Pleased to meet you and will pray for better days for you Canary.
Yup. I have few friends and my family would not be shocked in the least. There are probably films of me out there anyway so who cares? I am 51 and still hot so maybe I would actually get some pleasure out of it :)
LOL haha no probs I call everyone dude as well :) Have a happy new year and I've tagged you so if you need encouragement or just an ear to blab to, I am a really good listener and a good friend. I'd say good luck but it has nothing to do with luck, you need to realize your own value and overcome self-loathing to beat the shit. I am on your side all the way :)
Oh my, I hope you feel better soon! When I howled my roommate called up to me and asked it I was OK - then asked if I needed a beer. At 1am. Thanks hun, but a beer ain't gonna cut it. :)
Any time. Please do message me. I don't blow smoke.
NO SHIT! Unsecured server vs. faces not blurred? TDS is very real.
Oh fuck off. Nancy's in bed with the Chinese but you don't care. As for college educated? I work for a business psych office and we've seen Ph.D.'s come in that score worse on tests than I do (I tested to get the job and I am in the 95th percentile for verbal reasoning using executive norms). I read voraciously, am loved where I work by all the psychs, and am far from being stupid. But you keep on keeping on dissing people you think are beneath you; I am sure that your view from your high horse is spectacular.
Don't argue with people who thinks their shit doesn't stink. It makes no difference because they're so enlightened compared to us plebs.
Very. Dude exposed his mommy issues right there.
I'm a 28 waist, no butt, no hips and a 34 length. Tall, skinny broad here. I just wear sweats now. I have no social life. My dress pants don't matter cause who cares? I'm behind a desk, screw it.
YAY! I could use more friends :)
All I heard in my stupid uneducated mind was "blah blah blah." Good job!
"You people?" Racist.
This is very true. Astute observation!
As a former Satanist and Wiccan, I think you may be reading too much into it but I do believe in P-gate and I know there's nasty shit out there. I will dig deeper; I have an open mind.
Thank you!
I live in MKE and walked down MLK Drive with my Trump shirt last summer. No problems (but then again, I live in that area so I am very used to dealing with the prominent demographic).
Plethora means "a lot." Now, "myriad" also means "a lot;" however, one must use the "a" and "of" with the word Plethora, i.e. "I saw a plethora of interesting animals on my safari." When you use Myriad, you use it standalone, i.e. "I saw myriad animals on my safari. No "a" and "of." ^It's ^my ^pedantic ^pet ^peeve. ^Sorry!
I subscribe to a long-term farming game for monthly benefits for $20. I am an older homebody (which means I save a lot by not going out socially like, ever) and that money may add up over time, but it gives me a daily respite, something to do that has goals and quests, and I don't think $20 a month is too much for something that gives me enjoyment every day.
What? No. Pawn shops don't report debt because they have the collateral to sell so no "debt" to be collected.
You may be interested in sleepyti.me, it lets you know when to wake up given a bedtime and vice versa. If I stay up too late on a worknight I'll check that site to see when the optimal time would be to count sheep is instead of just panicking and trying to fall asleep right away. Quality of sleep is more important than quantity.
I was thinking Kroger. That starting wage sounds like what they advertise in my area.
I have always wanted to know how to preserve bugs to be strong enough to withstand being set in jewelry. I saw one of those huge centipedes with the satin-black segments and the orange and red pincers at either end. Wanted to set in in a bezel as a necklace :) Very interesting about the caddisfly, I'll have to read up on that!
I worked with a lot of down-and-out, addicted types at a pressure washing gig, and the women invariably would ask if I wanted to buy high-end glasses frames (obvs stolen) and/or if I had kids. They have a system of using various SSN's for kids to claim them on their taxes because 1 kid can equal 2-3 part-time caregivers. It's complicated, I tried looking it up but it happens. It really amazes me how much work and time people will put in to figure out how to scam shit but can't seem to make it to an actual job or school on time.
My ex worked for both of those places :)
*and juggling emporium*
Some are even approved for EBT. Maybe the name needs rebranding or something; ya know, because "farmers = white people." But don't mention watermelon or collard greens ffs!
There's a [redditor who ate a part of his own foot.](https://www.old.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/8p5xlj/hi_all_i_am_a_man_who_ate_a_portion_of_his_own/)
In some cases they even fetishized that, through bugchasing. The thought, it seems, was that instead of being fearful and 'responsibly' having sex (because they abhor condom use as most people do), so might as well get the AIDS and get it over with.
SEE-low-canth.
I had checks that had ants, roaches and stag beetles on them, alternately. Made paying my bills so much more fun, customer service remembered me :)
Love my shiny rocks. Can confirm, nutty as a squirrel.
I am also old (turning 52 in a couple months) and luckily I still have a young face - but my NECK agh! I know one day I'll look in the mirror and see how old I really am :(
And then they wonder about generational wealth. Stop making it rain in strip clubs and spending so lavishly and maybe your kids could have some of that.
He can't grow hair, not because he has cancer or progeria, but because he sucks, and even his own body recognizes that he does not deserve hair or food or love. [Sauce](https://www.sbnation.com/2014/3/26/5549908/arian-foster-caillou-is-awful)
"He can't grow hair, not because he has cancer or progeria, but because he sucks, and even his own body recognizes that he does not deserve hair or food or love."
Full quote: He can't grow hair, not because he has cancer or progeria, but because he sucks, and even his own body recognizes that he does not deserve hair or food or love.
https://www.sbnation.com/2014/3/26/5549908/arian-foster-caillou-is-awful
The new Josie(s) who replaced the numbah one Original Josie on Beakman's World. Bitch(es), stay in your lane. [Example of OG in action:](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x48vykq)
same with OG Josie on Beakman's World. Those fake post-Josie bitches can fuck right off.
I always see Hobbes as the plushie when Calvin is with others (like this one), but would it be out of canon to create a Hobbes-as-seen-by-Calvin craft?
Small female who has had large men: it felt like being impaled and I hated it. Give me a nice thick curved 5 incher and I am in bliss. THe curve is important as I am a G-spot orgasm-er.
Are we sure it's anti-vaxxers though, I mean we have X thousand Congolese in San Antonio and a huge influx of other refugees and illegals coming in, isn't it just as likely that's the cause of the resurgence but just isn't spoken about?
That's a chicken-and-egg argument. Maybe stores are not profitable in those areas due to crime and theft? I see videos all the time on my local news of kids livestreaming! themselves just packing backpacks with food while an accomplice holds the door shut where the (usually only sole) cashier is caged in. I sure as fuck wouldn't open a store and put in that capital only to have it ruined by the criminal element of the residents.
LOL I work for business psychologists that *ahem* TEST candidates for a HUGE global corporation. And what do you think SAT, LSAT and MCAT's are? Tests.
Is that the same as OpenOffice? Because that's what I use and I like it well enough, it has all the same spreadsheet functionality as Excel and that's what I primarily use it for at home.
We have [mayfly swarms](https://www.outdoorhub.com/news/2014/07/25/massive-wisconsin-mayfly-swarm-caught-radar/) here in Wisconsin that can light up a radar.
Me too. Met a guy who was a percussionist in college, and he just spiraled out of control after I moved away. Even after our first meeting I could tell something was not quite right with the dude, but then we became friends on Facebook and I watched his decline in real time. It is quite scary that someone who seemed so normal on the surface could end up like that.
Holy shit I am glad I am old and not looking; these responses confirm my decision! I just want to make bread and be happy ffs.
I'm looking and made it known. I noticed on my last pay stub I got $0.63 per hour more than I got when I restarted working here. My position has historically been hard for them to fill (hence leaving once and being rehired for more money) and I have 5 years here so I am waiting for their offer of more hours which were cut when the firm split. Also they are known for never firing anyone. Ever. Sometimes you need to play the hand you're dealt.
Oh man, I would love that beauty! I do beading with opal rondelles and that would make a fine pendant :)
I started purchasing opals when I began making gem bead necklaces! First purchase was chip rondelles and small ovals (Welo) but they yellowed quickly. I soon came across a great source and keep my opal pieces in plastic bags and avoid handling them too much. :) I would love to use this as a pendant for my opal, aquamarine and Herkimer diamond piece!
I lived in a rooming house when I was down-and-out because of a raging drug habit (all better now - 7 years) and they had the mobile food distribution truck on the corner. A ham sandwich, carton of milk and a banana every day in the summer really helped, and they'd give you two if you asked nicely. (I was 5'9" and around or less than 100 lbs., so that probably helped them sympathize). Edit - holy cow thanks everyone for the well-wishes :)
My go-to is what we my Norwegian side of the family all call slumgungeon (slum-gun-jun): (EDIT found out it's spelled slumgullion, thanks Google but I like our pronunciation better!) 1 lb. ground beef 1 large can stewed tomatoes Onion and green pepper, however much you like Italian seasoning Macaroni Just sautee the beef, add onions peppers and seasoning (I add a little Worcestershire and balsamic vinegar, just a little tho!) cook until veggies soften, then add stewed tomatoes and cooked pasta. Shit is SO damn good. I like to melt a slice of cellophane cheese on it.
Thanks for the tip!
I do my part to MAGA in Milwaukee!
Thank you and happy cake day (and many mooooooore!)
:D That's neat, thanks!
I'm consistently surprised at how my mind still functions just fine (except the "what did I come in here for?" thing but hey, being 52 accounts for that imo). I'd call it a damn miracle, actually! Btw: Crack. It was crack and IV cocaine that got me, for the curious.
Crack and coke. Thanks!
I'll be 59, so I'll probably forget...
But iguana know more!
Or frog legs? Man I miss good, uh, amphibireptilian fare.
oh my god go take a look at their [Etsy](https://www.etsy.com/shop/NalgonaPositiveShop) shop :/
https://www.etsy.com/shop/NalgonaPositiveShop
It's illegal where I am but that doesn't stop the bus from smelling LOUD (to where I want to tell the transit system that if I go to work smelling like weed and get popped for a drug test I'm suing their asses) and people smoking blunts at the stops in the morning. I smoke, but I do it at home like normal non-obnoxious people do.
Yeah well when a 14 year old is out at 3:00 am throwing bricks through car dealership's windows you might think twice about that tack. The parents need to be fined, welfare taken away, and mandatory parenting classes and in-home meetings before welfare is returned. Nip that behavior in the bud and hit the parents where it *hurts.* I'm tired of the little shits getting away with crap.
It's a meme; saw it elsewhere. Usually it goes: "And one day, for no reason whatsoever, Hitler was elected into power."
Who committed the harassment, abuse and rape on a large scale in a public place?
I was a 12+ year crackhead and I NEVER stole anything to support my habit. The worst thing I did was sell all MY OWN shit that had value. People have left me in a room with a pile of the shit, and I didn't touch it. I actually had the reputation as the most honest crackhead you'd meet in my city.
Agreed. I never stole anything when I was a dope fiend. Except... One time at the bar that was a hub for drugs back in the day someone left $60 on a table (not the bar). It sat, and it sat, and it sat... so yeah, me and my buddy took it. You leave money on a bar table unattended for an hour, you are going to lose it to SOMEONE.
I never lied to my parents about my addiction, and my dad was a cop. That's why whenever things went south and I had no place to go they would always take me in to clean up three states away. Went to go back to my city and my parents gave me four postdated checks to help. Ofc I spent it all, and when I rolled up two weeks later my Dad just said, "how was your vacation?" They knew... and it made me feel even worse. It really hit home when my dad said he was just waiting one day for a call to ID my body. I am so glad he got to see me clean and with a good job before he took his own life (in constant pain from a surgery, getting old, not being able to do things he loved, ex-cop).
Reminds me of the Frasier episode where he took a picture of a woman in his bed to prove that she was a model, and was indeed real, since she was never around much and his fam was needling him about it. BUT SHE IS A MODEL (and a zoologist!)
We had PrideFest over last weekend at our large festival grounds. The news showed a pic of sparse crowds there, and the anchor gushed about HOW MANY PEOPLE came out to celebrate Pride! Pandering so fucking hard.
I think it's highly ironic that the same folks who blast shitty rap that can be heard blocks away and rattle your windows 17 stories up in an office building have a problem with this.
That's a man, baby!
I am sorry :( My great-uncle married Christine Jorgensen, one of the first well-known MTF'ers.
I started working for a call center that fronted for arts programs, zoos, aquariums, museums etc. Problem was the supervisor of the program I was working on (aquarium) poisoned the well by having us call MONTHS before their current subscription was due, and did NOT allow us to take the client out of call circulation when they said NO, stop calling me. It was an autodialer so I had no choice. I came into work one day after having one drink before work, sat down, got back up and wrote a note on the supervisor's desk and left. I wrote a very explicit email to the person who hired me telling them about why I left. Didn't care, got another job. (Thing is, it paid $13.00 an hour and went up to $16 after three months, for easy work it was good pay but still...Also they paid in paper checks from a bank in Colorado and we were in Wisconsin/Illinois so that was sketchy. I had worked there before and it was fun and a good place to work, then they moved to a basement office west of Downtown and it was a very different place.) Also I worked part time (and still do) and am looking - do NOT put that you are part-time on your resume as I had a potential employer ask if I was actually ready to work full-time - um, yeah that's why I am applying? So I took part-time off and when anyone asks why I am looking for a new job I just say that my hours were drastically cut (they were indeed cut) due to the firm splitting and three partners leaving to make their own firm (also true).
Don't fret! I held basic office jobs throughout my life and got into drugs in my 30's - fucked off 12 years of my life and finally, after job-hopping from being a copier for court transcripts, to a part-time position I still hold in a different office, making good money (but not many hours) and thankfully I live where I don't pay rent (ex-boyfriend, now friends). I am looking for full-time work now and I am 52. Baby steps, really. And don't keep looking in the rear view mirror, the windshield is bigger for a reason :) If I even start thinking about the things I did I get anxious quick so keep focused on the future. Best of luck to you!
Not only that but, when I had to live with my parents for a while due to an addiction issue, my dad was telling me to work at Home Depot so I could get a pension. He was a cop and never did anything else, and if you didn't work you were not being "productive," and therefore useless. All of my experience was in offices doing administrative work which I tried to explain would not instantly get me hired in a small town at the local McDonald's. Lots of retired folks in that community so the jobs went to them or to the kids in town. They just don't understand how things are nowadays; hell, when I entered the workforce at 17 in the 80's it was so easy, tons of jobs listed, degrees were certainly not as common as they are now (the new high school diploma, I can't believe some employers want a fucking bachelor's degree to do basic office work!) and the insurance offered by most companies has such a high deductible it's worthless for preventative care. Where I worked at age 22 payed so well I could live Downtown in a high rise apartment where they set aside 30 percent of their units for income-based housing (I called them on a lark, $550 a month for a 1-bedroom in a tower with a pool and gym! Housing costs are out of control too nowadays) and had stellar health insurance, even when I had a breakdown and went into inpatient psych care the insurance covered 100 percent and I kept my job, too. Man, things have changed so much I am getting depressed just typing this. If I were 20 years younger and if my parents were not alive, I would OD in a heartbeat. I don't know how kids today manage, honestly :(
I went out last night and had a fish fry, nice time, then went over to a neighborhood joint and sat outside and had a very lively discussion on gender and race. So lively that a man standing in the doorway (I was outside at a table) said that people should listen to what I have to say. Very liberal bar btw. Ended up finishing my drink, doled out some hugs and "Love ya's" to friends I made, and then some idiot came out the other side door and kicked me out and told me to never come back. A new friend told me he doesn't even own the bar or work there. I laughed, told the 'tard I was leaving anyway so fuck off, and left. Mission accomplished. Not the first time I've been kicked out of a bar and won't be the last, and in my city there's practically a bar on every corner. I do have to stop drinking so much though.
Can you expound on the deplatforming thing? Because currently a site I enjoy started using Brave browser and the ability to be tipped in BAT (Basic Attention Token), the site is pretty hated and someone got wind, and harassed Brave's founder (ex-Mozilla guy), who recently took the site off the BAT program for "inciting violence," which they do not do. Does the owner of the site have a case against the Twitter user who formed the harassment gang?
Works for me with no VPN and in Wisconsin.
Hair of the dog that bit ya.
Right? I was due to take a trip to see my Mom over Christmas last year. Stress caused a pinched nerve in my neck and I had a cramp in my upper back, to the point I was crying and howling in pain in the middle of the night. My SO/roommate was kind enough to offer me a beer lol. I went to urgent care the next morning, $100 upfront, talk to Dr., get 9 muscle relaxers and a pain reliever (basic), and they STILL billed me for almost $300. But I had no choice, think about the worst cramp you've had and then put in IN YOUR BACK where you can't even reach it.
Yeah, Milwaukee. I'm burning bridges here pretty quick because I DON'T FUCKING CARE ANYMORE. If you can't see the truth with your own two eyes I can't help you. Yep, I'm racist - but if you come at me with respect and basic courtesy we can become fast friends. Just don't act like a goddamn n-word and I won't lump you in with them. But damn, between watching the news everyday and the particular hood where I live... I am racist AF.
I read somewhere that men who go into the prison system "turn" gay as often as women "turn" lesbian, but the men go on to prefer men when they get out whereas women go back to hetero relationships. It was a long time ago before the Internet that I read that (maybe in Cosmo or some other rag), so make of that what you will.
Brave too! Plus you can earn BAT (crypto tokens) that you can tip content creators with. Brave, IIRC, was created by an ex-Mozilla exec who got blackballed due to non-PC activities.
[Oh yeah?](https://youtu.be/ZFdu-HcyOx4)
I'm reminded of these transfers every day on my commute to and from work, as the bus I take goes right past the "programs." The number of mistreated kids pushed around in free strollers by women wearing weaves, fake nails and fake eyelashes with their noses in their phones makes me sick. I wish we could tick off boxes on our returns indicating where we want the money to go. Not ONE penny would go to welfare ffrom me. They already get free everything and now we've expanded school lunches to 3 meals a day and in the summer too? Come the fuck on, if you can't feed, clothe or house your kids then they should be taken away from you, not paid for by society. Then, sterilize that bitch.
If this EVER became a serious policy issue, I can only say that the acceleration memes on 4chan won't be memes anymore. Plenty of us are ready to fight for what we and ours worked for.
Just get that DNA test by the company that admitted they were trolling "fragile white people" by indicating they have sub-Saharan DNA. Joke's on you, fuckwit.
I love threads like this because I fire up Google Earth and check these places out. Like around the Salton Sea area, and Lehigh Acres in Florida. Edit: Just looked at California City; who the hell would want to live there?! I thought Lehigh Acres was bad...
Hm. My parents were married when my mom was 18 and were together until my Dad passed, she is still single and will remain so until she passes. My roommate's parents were also married their whole lives to each other, one passed and the other followed maybe a year later. Just throwing that on the pile of anecdotes.
Wisconsin Dems fled the state over a vote on public unions, so I don't have much respect for lawmakers who do this, no matter the side of the aisle.
I fucking love that show.
They made their shitty "value system" based on violence, let them live by it. If only more people would stand up to the loudest person in the room and show them it's not acceptable in our society to act like that since their parents don't bother to.
Hey friends! I'm on vacation in the lovely state of Arkansas visiting my mom, heard about the quarantine on another site so had to come give my support. I was supposed to mop the kitchen floor tonight but there's another floor mopping session on TV tonight so spending my time with my favorite internet people &lt;3 let the games begin!
This motherfucker speaking Spanish...what a tool.
Bitch, gtfo then.
Ah yes, Sapphire. She also believes she is in contact with Richard Ramirez's and Michael Jackson's ghosts. And fucks them. She also had sexual contact with a minor (online I think) hence the "don't follow if under 18" schtick. She's a trip.
You're not alone. I remember going to a couple of neat places with relatives but they just don't have any inking of what I am talking about. One was up in Wisconsin to a Scandinavian type town that got all Christmas'ed up and we got candy, and another was a very small town again in Wisconsin (or maybe northern IL) that closed their streets for a street fair (tables lined up on either side of the streets with crafters and other odds and ends). I know these things happened and since I am younger (at 53 haha) I will take my own word for it lol
Looked all over for the TV remote. I was cleaning and wanted to be sure I had it on the nightstand before tossing the sheets into the laundry. Not on bed or nightstand. I use the trick of identifying everything I see within the scope of where the remote could be: pillow, magazine (for bed), lamp, water glass, jewelry bowl, hair clip... I mean, I went over and over where it could be VERY mindfully - then when I came back upstairs from throwing laundry in, there it was, perfectly aligned with the long end of the remote parallel to the long edge of the nightstand. There is NO way I could have missed that, as I identified every item on that nightstand twice over. But, this is an old house and it makes a lot of noise and just weird. It hates me.
They also host "I Am Jazz." Which is just as horrifying if not more so.
You can buy either stud earrings (already mounted) on sites like Etsy. Tell her to be sure to not use hair product or other sprays after she puts them in; they should be the last thing she puts on and the first thing she takes off when she comes home. Also store in a small ziplock to avoid any discoloration - Ethiopians seem to be prone to yellowing. You can also purchase loose opal pairs on Etsy, and then order the findings (mountings) in either gold or silver. Simply snap the opals into the settings. Be sure to get calibrated sizes (meaning 4mm x 6mm, etc.), no odd sizes. Cabochons are, imo, nicer than faceted. Good luck!
My dumbass roommate spends untold amounts on his Sprint bill. He won't remove bloatware from his phone and won't get a call blocker on it either. So now it's fucking up and he's gonna get a new phone. I told him to switch plans - on deaf ears. Told him to ask the tech to uninstall bloatware, and teach the stupid fuck to install a call blocker. My phone was $45 bucks, barely any apps, and you can automatically block calls using the Trash button and selecting Block. My monthly bill forever has been $35 *unlimited everything*, through Virgin Mobile (now Boost, no increase in price). I don't understand people who spend so damn much on phones and then can't/won't take care to maintain their performance.
/r/millionairemakers
What are you going to do about Black People Twitter and their little country club where you have to submit a photo of your arm to prove you're black? Oh, that's not racism. Nosirree.
