PFFFFFT. DPS DON'T HAVE MECHANICS. SAVAGE FOR A DPS IS JUST WAITING FOR THE TANKS AND HEALERS TO PROG SO YOU CAN GET YOUR WEEKLIES.
I can't think of any examples outside the hot tail tether in Nidhogg phase of V10S.
Some skill changes/rebalancing and the switch from old cross-class to newer role actions are what would affect you. It's up to you. If you want to see the story again you can go for it. Otherwise just picking a new job to level up alongside your friends could work as well.
If you're going to craft you want them at a minimum of 50 but ideally everything maxed together. This has nothing to do with RDM. Crafting is just an all-or-nothing deal. You really want to be self-sufficient, and it's barely any more investment since everything but tools and artifact gear is shared. PBP is your most vital progress skill. Likewise Ing2 is super important for high level rotations. The only job without any good cross-class (at 70, it was super important when 60 was cap) is LTW, but you don't want to skip that since it makes so much for both gear and components.
Whenever you want to start. Being past ~43 (not sure the exact point) in the MSQ can be beneficial for crafting since you unlock the Ixali beast tribe. You don't pick "a" profession. If you want to craft, you level them all. It's not that hard to do. GC dailys are worth a ton of exp and you can do 1 per class per day. Gear is mostly shared, so keeping yourself up to date on all 8 is barely any harder than 1. You become self-sufficient for all materials saving tons of gil. And you unlock necessary cross-class skills at fairly reasonable times (I would push for CUL 37 first using those Ixali dailys) compared to when the recipes become difficult enough to really need them.
What do you mean no problems? She is permanently enthralled. And the gnath are a hivemind, meaning one thrall is all Ravana needs. And if you look at their leader, yes, he is a thrall to Ravana.
Thralls are perfectly capable of reason and thought, they're just completely devoted to their primals. And she absolutely still was, as seen by her betrayal at the conference. Genocide is bad. The gnath are more of a literal hivemind. The vath nonmind are exceptions in that they were (mostly) able to break free and sever their connection to the onemind. With your assistance, of course. The reason they broke free a bit to begin with was mostly tactical by the onemind, attempting to use them as spies of sorts, but eventually they were able to break free entirely. Not by exterminating the onemind, of course. Genocide is bad. The Red aren't thralls. And we showed mercy to the Qalyana, trying to render them harmless and let them live on their own instead of needing to murder them, because genocide is bad. We didn't genocide any beast races in ARR either, because genocide is bad. Did I mention genocide is bad? When a thrall, especially a human thrall, becomes a danger to the people around them, that's when action needs to be taken. Genocide is bad.
You can wear 1 augmented and 1 unaugmented. You don't want the savage one, it's terrible. BiS is actually a 380 crafted pentameld for NIN, at least. And I double checked an alternate SKSless BiS and that technically gains a tiny bit from (different meld) crafted over 390 as well.
Ifrit normally. Garuda for double caster (especially BLM)
Wow that linked tank guide is ancient and terrible. Where's the more modern one with the little cat blob things? Edit: Yeah, that one [he linked.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/a2klby/some_more_guides_like_this_somewhere_trying_to/eazbhy7/)
You never should, outside of niche cases of Eureka or PotD/HoH when you don't have a tank. The cheese pizza is a Titan ability.
Momo did a general melee guide to uptime in video form, that's the closest to DPS fundamentals you're going to get.
CRP and GSM often have easy to gather recipes worth a fairly large amount of scrips relative to the ease of crafting. Rarely ARM if it's an alembic.
I love that strat. The DPS pair up as thunderbuddies to kill each other, and the tanks/heals clip the edge of 1 of the ranged to get knocked into the melees. Surecast/arm's length for all but the BRD who either takes a safe angle or cancels the knockback with repelling.
Bunny cheese is more for dead instances (which every instance will be in 5.0) and isn't actually any more efficient than chain/train. The only benefit is it's solo. But it also gives nothing but light, while other methods give boxes (pagos or cold depending which method).
You can only tell so much about a macro by watching it. After all, anything that doesn't uniquely affect your buffs just looks like the same 3 recycled animations every crafting skill uses.
That's why I love 11 and 12 door. Let the tank do it.
I think that's what BLU is trying to be. A better Eureka. A minigame with a separate level, consisting mainly of grinding open world mobs, but this time actually designed to fit that grind with its gameplay (as opposed to how stressful repeating normal jobs' rotations is for such an extended period), and with crazy and unique actions gradually unlocking over the course of 50 levels instead of all at the end.
Diadem was great. For gatherers. Still is, frankly. Even better than the 1.0 version, especially as it now better applies outside of the HW context. I wouldn't have my fleet of subs without Darksteel Island supporting me through it. I remember the dark days in early HW of building airships with nothing but the ARR 24-hour unspoiled node for darksteel.
Get rid of all giant mounts that jack your camera up way too high and block your view to make it hard to click gathering nodes.
I'LL DODGE IF THERE'S A SAFE SPOT IN MELEE RANGE, OR LESS THAN HALF A GCD'S WALK OUTSIDE OF IT. OTHERWISE MITIGATION IS MOSTLY A TANK/HEALER JOB, AND I'M ALREADY HELPING THAT AS MUCH AS I CAN WITH FEINT, SELF-HEALS, AND SHADE SHIFT.
PROBABLY A TANK, AND PROBABLY (SADLY) MORE BLADE THAN GUN, MEANING SLASHING OVER PIERCING. IT'S A SHAME. IT WOULD BE SO NICE TO HAVE A TANK WITH PIERCING DEBUFF. MAKE DRG AN INTERESTING PARTY CHOICE INSTEAD OF JUST MANDATORY.
YOU WOULD HAVE LOVED HEAVENSWARD ENDGAME. STORMBLOOD IS TOO SANITIZED. THERE'S NO RNG ANYMORE. EVERYTHING'S A MACRO NOWADAYS. WHERE'S THE FUN? WHERE'S THE CHALLENGE? THERE'S NO MORE OF THE SATISFACTION YOU GET FROM STACKING THE ODDS IN YOUR FAVOR.
THAT JUST DRAGS THE ICE PUDDLES CLOSER SINCE MELEE ARE NOT GIVING UP UPTIME TO DROP THEM. THE BEST SOLUTION IS TO DROP BOTH PUDDLES STACKED IN THE EXACT CENTER, NOT MOVE MIDDY AT ALL, AND JUST STACK IN THE *PATH* OF THE FIRST EXA (OR A LATER ONE DEPENDING HOW FAR OUT 1ST IS) AROUND MAX MELEE. THE ICE PUDDLES DON'T EXPAND BEYOND MAX MELEE. YOU'RE PERFECTLY SAFE TO STACK, SPREAD BACK AROUND, AND PREP FOR NEXT MECHANICS WITH THAT SETUP WITH 100% MELEE UPTIME, MINUS MAYBE A COUPLE POSITIONALS NOT COVERED BY ARM'S LENGTH
THE PROBLEM IS THAT THE EMULATION IS SO POORLY DONE YOU ACTUALLY GET BETTER PERFORMANCE FROM ORIGINAL HARDWARE, WHICH IS SAD CONSIDERING HOW WEAK THE ORIGINAL HARDWARE IS BY MODERN STANDARDS. PLUS HALF THE GAMES ARE PAL VERSIONS, WHICH MAKES THINGS EVEN WORSE AND CAUSES AN AWKWARD FRAME STUTTER.
THAT BITCH! HOW COULD SHE?
ONLY IF THE BODY WERE NEXT TO SPRITES WOULD IT BE EXCUSABLE.
WHO DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO DODGE MIDDY? THAT EASILY FALLS INTO THE "SAFE SPOT WITHIN MAX MELEE RANGE" CATEGORY FOR + AND X, AND THE "&lt; HALF GCD (NO CLIP) WALK" FOR OUT. I'M TALKING ABOUT THE THINGS YOU CAN'T DODGE DURING FULL UPTIME, BUT CAN SURVIVE EATING.
THIS IS WHY MY RESPONSE TO "CAN YOU CRAFT ME X?" IS "SURE, JUST BRING ME THE MATS."
BOOSTING SHOULD GIVE YOU FULL 270 SCRIPTURE GEAR, OR AT LEAST LEFT SIDE. RIGHT?
2ND TRICK IS WEIRD. YOU CAN TRY DOING IT AS A TCJ OPENER SETTING UP YOUR 1ST, BUT THAT PUTS IT ON A 13-22 (DEPENDING IF YOU HOLD GCDS) OFFSET WHICH IS NOT GREAT. IDEALLY YOU WANT TO FIT 2ND AT A 30S OFFSET TO LINE UP 30 AND 90S COOLDOWNS BETTER. SO WHAT YOU REALLY HAVE TO DO IS TAKE A BHAVA OPENER AND HARDCAST YOUR NEXT JUTSU, AND TRICK AROUND THAT 30 MARK FOR BUFFS/COOLDOWNS. IT'S REALLY AWKWARD IN PRACTICE AND ISN'T A SITUATION YOU NORMALLY COME ACROSS OUTSIDE OF DUNGEONS WHERE IT REALLY DOESN'T MATTER. A 2-NIN 24-MAN IS NOT GOING TO HAVE THAT KIND OF COMMUNICATION/COOPERATION GOING.
Ninja. Everyone you play with will prefer the support. Plus, if they did want to take a selfish DPS, black mage does more damage than samurai.
Look up some guides. The standard 5th gcd ta openers line up well with all other jobs' openers, as well as fitting in solid burst of your own. Kassatsu suiton is a dire sin, only to be done if you die at a bad time to avoid delaying ta for the rest of the party.
Ninja's utility isn't about you playing well (beyond keeping ta rhythm), it's about everyone else playing well. You rely on them to make it worthwhile. If people aren't aligning their cooldowns and burst with your windows, you're not contributing as much as you could, and by no fault of your own. Sam's personal damage relies 100% on you doing well, so people are a lot harsher on a mediocre samurai than on a mediocre ninja. But samurai is the best performer in pugs since your allies are so unreliable. So really it's ninja for people who raid, and samurai for people who just want to blaze through casual content.
Really depends which boss and if the other tank(s) (you never said If this was normal raid or alliance roulette) can pick up the slack. Most of the time there's not much to fuck up if you know the basics and have any situational awareness. But the situational awareness is key. If in an alliance raid your entire party is standing somewhere else, you should probably be over there as well. If your healer or a dps is getting pounded by an add, you should probably grab it. If you hit a mechanic you don't remember, just look around. They usually make the answer very obvious. Always watch your debuffs and read them if you can. The tooltips usually spell things out very clearly.
Lenz. If you accidentally shoot yourself, you have enough time to roll out of it before it explodes, so it's the only explosive that effectively doesn't one-shot you.
It's still helpful for a casual group to better allow 3x3 or 4x3. The difference between those and a 5x3 is mainly execution. Quick lure gathering and charging, teleporting the lures to the island for loot, quick spawns, and quick reloading for rapid runs. That and avoiding missing, timing shots correctly, and making sure you can actually 1-shot. A casual group will mess up a little and that snowballs into massive time losses. Failure to 1-shot shields means the eidolon is now moving and doing attacks making it harder for Chroma to hit and everyone is dodging things. It messes with Harrow's buff timer meaning Chroma may or may not still have the 1-shot on synovia, and he may need 2 instead. It makes properly organizing and conserving VS stacks a lot harder. Often it comes down to Chroma needing to come down and help chip off the last bit of shield, but that puts him at a bad angle to hit anything but the legs. You can still get 3x3 like this, but you still want a good loadout to do it. You need it when compensating for that many pieces falling out of place.
Honestly I don't know if wind direction is even a real thing or just flavor text. The weather effects in the Valis don't seem to reflect the gameplay. One thing you might want to add to the guide to help players is a small mention that the tranq rifle (if using that instead of Equinox/Ivara) has alarming level sound, so if you don't have a sleep frame you should still use Banshee or a hushed invis Loki to avoid alerting the animals with your shot.
Sounds like it's because you never tried to farm him. JGA isn't that hard. Bring a grattler or velocitus to shred JG, and ember or something to burn down the juggernaut behemoth (her 3 should be really effective against it. Just stack a few before it even spawns, and 2 it when you can). A few solo runs of that and you have Atlas.
Pretty much all of them. Mesa would be the "hardest" but I did her back when keyshares were more common and got it in 1 full share of 4. Khora only took me like 8 normal SOs. ho the fact that I had to normal SO at all... I've had way more trouble with certain weapons than with any frames. Compare Khora's 8 SOs to Lato Vandal which took me around 200 ESOs. And even then I didn't earn it. I got a second Braton vandal to trade.
It's like fishing bait. Hold down whatever controller button the lures are on.
Yes they need 2 (for now). Also changing foe to a cooldown makes 2 *less* mandatory but still important. Mainly they need 2 now because refresh is used almost immediately on pull to extend foe, so tactician is used purely as a dump and their only means for lowering aggro in the opener.
Both games offer the full spectrum. In WoW you could just do LFR and call it "endgame." If you want to go hardcore, it takes time. No matter which game it's in.
Normal raid drops tokens that trade for 380. 380 is also the iLv of crafted gear. Tomes (currency from everything endgame) can buy 390. 390 tome weapon also requires either 7 weeks of normal raids or 1 drop from the 2nd savage raid in the tier. Savage drops both its own set of 400 as well as tokens to upgrade tome 390-&gt;400 (BiS is a mix of the two), and a 405 weapon. Next patch the 24-man (easy) will allow casual players to access those upgrade tokens (except weapon until near the end of the patch).
Unfortunately only low MRs care about resources. That's one thing high MR does represent. How much they have built vs need to build, and their general progress on getting through needing resources.
I rate it camera pointed at screen out of screenshot button.
Were you going for endless or was this an alert? Alerts people generally try to split up to find and mark extraction so everyone can be already there when the timer hits 0 and it opens. There's no real risk of failure, and the resources don't really matter, unless it's on Uranus and CO drops, but someone would mark that.
Switch, the console with a dedicated screenshot button on the left joycon?
Are you in Vegas? Because you should spend it all on slots. Warframe slots. Weapons slots. Robotic slots. Archwing slots. Riven slots. All of the slots. You need slots.
You're posting from a computing device with internet access. Even if it somehow doesn't have an SD card slot (Apple product?), option B is still available to you.
It's nice that you can solo them now. Makes it much faster.
Part of the problem is that they're the worst possible use of ambers in the game, and the Arby amber recipe is total junk (make it JUST use vitus and resources, minimal credits, then maybe? I'd still go down to 1 vitus per.)
Status. Unlike kitguns, the crit damage doesn't increase with crit links. And considering this is melee where maiming strike is the only crit you'll ever need, anything that doesn't increase cdmg is pointless. Better going for status for a CO build, or as just a nice side for your MS polearm.
Mesa prime unvaulting? Maybe early 2023? She has to release, then spend about 2 years in rotation before vaulting, and then another 2 years vaulted before unvaulting is really an option.
The question is what's the minimum premade party size to realistically do the bracchiosaur fate?
The problem is it targets the center of the hitbox instead of the edge/max melee range. Often not very useful.
More of a per-fight basis. There are a few cases with small hitboxes, minimal range you need to dash from (or simply rubberband from melee back in on a knockback), etc. where the macro can work. In other cases such as large hitboxes, floor hazards, dashes somewhere other than to the boss, or extreme distance gap closing (where it's more beneficial to get the full distance so you can start attacking sooner) manual is better.
Not sure but it was some time after banning extreme evoboost since that was getting baton passed everywhere.
Chorus kids are on a stage with a walk-off blast zone. Just abuse that with grabs.
Can anyone give me a rundown on recommendations regarding spirits? Mainly in the dismissing/cores/summoning thing. Do you eventually get duplicates to dismiss? Or when/what are you supposed to do about that system? My main goal is a complete collection of all ~1500 or so, and I'm not sure the best way to do that.
It means you can do a smash with a tilt input by pressing B+A together. If you're using a single joycon at a large party I recommend turning this on and putting sensitivity to low, so you have easier access to both tilts and smashes with the single stick.
But it does make it easier to do some inputs without needing a claw grip.
Dual joycons means 2 sticks. The right joycon is your "c" stick. If you're splitting the 1 pair into 2 single joycons for multiplayer, then you don't get an extra stick. Just 1 stick, 4 buttons, and 2 shoulders.
You're missing a 0 in the summary. 1000 attack increases damage by 40%. 1000 defense increases resistance by 60%. Also worth noting increasing resistance and decreasing damage are different, so the phrasing is off. Resistance is how much damage is required to do the same amount to you as a normal attack against a normal target. So 160% resistance would be the same as reducing damage taken by 37.5%.
Have you found any caps or softcaps on the reward scaling? How much lower should I aim my overall "score" versus the opponent for optimal rewards without completely gimping myself with no spirit equipped?
Is it a flat difference or a ratio? Like if I fight 3k opponents at 1500 power, would I fight a 9k opponent at 4500 or 7.5k power for that same "tier" of reward? Or does it even matter? How much better/worse does the reward scaling get? Are there better/easier ways to earn the resources to where it's not worth the time or bother to make the fights harder?
You can buy from any world (by going there), but only sell on your world.
YOU'LL HAVE TO EXPLAIN THIS TO ME SINCE I'M ONLY A PURPLE/ORANGE NIN. WHAT ARE COMMS?
They each take half of the missing health %.
ACTUALLY THAT'S A GOOD ONE. &gt;"HAPPY HOLIDAYS!" &gt;"UHM EXCHUUUZE ME? ITSH MERRY CHRISHSMAZZ YOU HEATHEN." &gt;"OH, YOU'RE CHRISTIAN? LET ME REPHRASE MY GREETING THEN. &gt;GO FUCK YOURSELF."
PLD and AST are both very good now. WHM is the odd healer out having no support and way more healing than is ever necessary (so it's wasted). PLD is just really good. huge buffs for Stormblood over what it was in HW. DRK is now a strong self-mitigation tank but that's only super useful in Ultimate and wasted in most other cases. Playstyle is still spamming dark arts.
You can't do the ARR or HW beast tribes without a crafter. Stormblood's beast tribe opened up to allow gatherers as well. So if you want to do the allied quests you do need at least a throwaway. Buy levekits up to 50 if you don't actually want to play it and just want beast story.
Dual pack is $60 USD for 1200 plat. With a 75% discount you can get 4300 plat for only $50. So how is the dual pack in any way getting more platinum? Even without waiting for a discount (or if console player) the middle tier prime access is 2625 plat for $80. That's ~120% more plat than the dual pack for only ~33% more money. Console players who don't get plat discounts are better off with that. PC players should absolutely wait for 75% and buy pure plat.
The middle tier prime access being a better deal (especially for console) still applies. Being a new player doesn't affect that.
The frames are peanuts. I see around 375 plat for all the primes in the pack, less if you haggle in trade chat. So make it 1575 plat worth. Console gets the low and middle tiers. They don't get the (horrible deal) upper tier 3990 plat with accessory/booster pack. The middle tier (frame+weapons) 2625, even counting the primes as 0, still out-values the vault pack by a huge margin.
50 and under, barrage is used on a straighter shot proc. All 3 hits crit ever since they buffed barrage to be able to.
He turns for pantos. Most parties use boss relative. It's ideal to face him north to avoid confusion outside of forced turns, but during those mechanics or if you end up late on pulling him back, relative is easiest and doesn't screw over melees. So when he's facing true south for panto 1 and 2, you know to get on his face as a tank and do your positions there, while dps and healers spread on his butt.
Get the rest to 50 (They're close, right? You *were* doing them all together, right?) Once all 8 are there, focus on GC dailys to bridge the gap to 51 and get back into leveling gear. You have a whole outdated endgame to try to skip over. That's a big iLv gap.
Lucky you those clantech materials can be farmed now from Fortuna bounties. Tier 4 drops pre-built without waiting for invasions. Farm up whichever one of the 3 is on offer so you have a good stock.
The AoE fix was needed, but the self-damage... RIP.
The point of ranking up your weapons and frames is to increase their mod capacity. Ranks do nothing on their own for weapons (frames gain some health and unlock abilities). You have to use that increased capacity to slot powerful mods to actually make things stronger. Early on don't go above rank 6 for 10-rank mods. The cost is exponential, so something like serration can be ranked to 6 for only ~1k endo and 60k credits, where ranking it all the way to 10 takes 20k endo and 1m credits. Numbers you don't have yet as a beginner. Frames come mostly from quests and bosses. If you can buy a frame blueprint on the market for credits, its parts probably drop from a boss. The Venus boss drops Rhino parts. That's the first you'll see. Some quest frames have their parts hidden in weird places, but you can worry about that after you have their blueprints. Don't worry about amps until you beat The War Within quest. After you do, go to Cetus and look for a strange door. Try using your new ability there. Mastery is earned through ranking up...everything. Anything that ranks up gives mastery points based on the highest rank you have earned with that item. If you get rid of an item you haven't maxed yet, you'll need to rank back up to where you were before you start earning mastery for it again. basically never get rid of something that isn't either already 30 or a duplicate (such as crafting component weapons). Earn enough mastery points and you can take the next test to rank up. It's important to keep trying new things, but also don't gimp yourself completely. Make sure you keep something higher ranked with good mods installed so you can still kill stuff, instead of switching everything out at once for unranked gear. Oh, and of course in order to keep a good arsenal and have room for trying out all these things, you need slots. Slots are the most important platinum purchase you can make. If you don't plan on buying any plat, start working your way into the player economy to be able to trade for it. You need slots. Follow star chart and quest progression. Doing quests as you unlock then and working to unlock the junctions between planets should be your main goal for a good while.
No need to kill. Scanning either gives code or doesn't. If the kavat has code, the 2x scan widget can sometimes trigger and give you 2.
You don't need primed mods. They help, but everything is doable with the base versions. Rhino should't be dying like that. Could it maybe be that you got rhino early on and have been using him the whole time as you learned the game? That could make someone complacent with being a sitting duck since low level star chart enemies don't even dent him. People do say rhino teaches bad habits and it's true. Standing around getting shot is not a good way to play. You have to stay mobile, make yourself a difficult target to hit.
The MR system is fine considering how many guns are in the game and the fact that the goal is to try them all. It prevents players from being overwhelmed by too many options too soon. I might change the actual order to favor cheaper/easier builds sooner with stupid things like the sibear locked to high MR just so players who are able to build it understand what they're sinking into it in terms of resource cost, and have had more time to build up a stock. It's not like they scale with power. Hek is MR4 and is still a beast of a shotgun.
Doesn't the game force you into the advanced movement tutorial? I know it forced me into it when returning to the game after parkour 2.0 was released.
Older players have so many spare copies. We need a system where you can easily donate these mods to a new player in need, and maybe unlock some cosmetics in exchange.
Yeah the open worlds are mostly self-contained experiences meant for older players. There's little of benefit to new players. Sure they *could* build a zaw or kitgun, but it's so much easier to do these at higher MR (not least because of the daily rep cap) and you can still experience 95% of the game without it. It's worth coming back to Cetus post-TWW for some lenses, it's worth having Fortuna bounties available when you need clan tech resources (faster farm than invasions), and the augur mods are very useful for any player at any rank. They're just not easy to get for newer players (and a lot of high MR players still don't even have augur secrets). I feel unlocking bounty tiers one at a time with junctions further in the chart would be ideal. Make it clear that these are side activities to occasionally revisit, and give occasional reminders via unlocks that the content is there.
It used to mean that. Mod fusion used to use either duplicates, fusion cores, other mods of matching polarity, or other mods of mismatched polarity to rank up. They simplified the system by just making it endo (core drops were replaced with endo drops, and the dissolve function was added to replace directly using duplicates)
Inaros' best heal is blinding with 1 then doing a melee finisher. He gets 20% of his max health back instantly when he kills something this way. Not the slow drain of 2 with the long vulnerable recovery animation. A covert lethality dagger would let you do this to level 500s and still be fine. But the thing is, a lot of powerful mods don't require hard content to get. Heat and cold 60/60s come from generic spy missions. Electric come from hive. It's only the toxin ones that come from t4 void missions. CL comes from spy. CO just drops on Neptune. Blaze and chilling reload are from the lowest tier nightmare missions. Drifting Contact is only the middle tier. Lethal torrent, animal instinct, and constitution are tier 3, but those can also pop as alerts with guaranteed reward and aren't that tough in a public squad. Augur mods drop from tier 3 and 4 Cetus bounties. Scattered Justice turns Hek into a monster and is just a syndicate offering. Vault runs for corrupted mods are easy in a squad if people still shout for those since the change that makes them soloable (If you want to solo just take Loki in ODC). The list goes on. There are plenty of goodies hidden in low or mid tier content for you to farm. Adaptation and other mods hidden behind harder content can wait.
The game is about trying everything. They could throw a few unique options earlier to help grab interest, sure. But the game isn't about waiting for a Tigris Prime, it's about asking, "What's next?" and having options unfold as you go makes that question of what to try next easier, and gives you more to look forward to instead of letting you frontload all the cool ones at once.
80 endo is the base reward. It scales up based on your login count.
You are not ready to be a Chroma. Chroma requires an insane setup. You want to play a support. When the shield is down the parts will die in 1 hit to any half-decent Chroma or Rhino, and in 2-3 quick shots to a Volt carrying a PUG Terry spam. Dead eye is a good option for those basic hunts to support. In higher level tridolon enemy radar is also important to help make charging lures faster, but for Terry spam the pace is more casual, so you don't need the fastest possible charge, and the casual nature means full damage and buffs aren't a guarantee so a little extra damage helps.
That's not a bug. They were never replaced.
People only resist objective regression. These, like the fucked up menus that still haven't been fixed, are harder to gain information from at a glance and quickly decode what they mean. The general design is fine but it needs more/brighter/bigger/clearer lights, and bring back the bright red lights on locked ones (how do you tell locked from inactive?)
...And?
You can. Growing power and pax bolt (for the strength not the efficiency) will snapshot when you press 4. So one quick headshot to proc both and you have +55 strength for the duration of the peacemaker cast. That said Mesa goes in and out of her 4 more than other channeled frames for mobility reasons, so it may not be as worth it.
How do you even get past phase 1? The bounty just breaks and stops progressing after the defense timer finishes on the base capture.
Really don't know how 75m got in over both pokefloats and pac-maze.
Isabelle's side taunt.
Ah yes, a successful round as Captain Falcon.
Asked yesterday but never got an answer. I've been playing Marth through mainly the adventure mode so far, and have noticed every time there is a clash, I take insane recoil while the opponent is free to move instantly. Can anyone explain Ultimate's clash mechanics? Is there some kind of weight or power system that Marth is on the lower end of that determines who gets frame advantage in a clash?
Any idea where the breakpoints are or how that scaling works?
Void Shadow
You can choose victory animation?
Blaze, primed charged shell, chilling reload, and 2 90% elementals. Probably chilling grasp and incendiary coat for that rad+cold combo, avoiding toxin completely. It's a raw damage kind of gun.
Konzu shows you which mods are in the current reward rotation (A B C). That changes every in-game day at dawn. You have around a 5% chance to get that set mod (whichever one is the rare reward in the current rotation) from the final stage of the bounty.
2% from stage 4, a bit under 5% from stage 5. It drops from tier 4 bounties so you do get the 2 chances per run at it, unlike tier 3 bounty rares which give you only 1 shot on stage 4/4.
If you want debt bonds to rank up (and Ticker is out), run solo, do stage 1, and abandon. If you can, trigger stage 2 then abort by leaving the marked area. Re-accept from the guy outside, and repeat as long as you need. Your best chances at bonds are stage 1. Don't waste your time going further.
Follow the quests and work to unlock the junctions (which should unlock more quests). Learn to mod your gear. The game directs you to the system but doesn't explain it (unless you happen to click the tutorial button and even that doesn't do much). Learn about it. Modding is where power comes from. Leveling equipment unlocks mod capacity. You need to fill that capacity with strong mods to make them stronger.
No not really. 1 Trinity and 3 DPS is fine, ideally the DPS will all take different damage types while 1 stays in arch-gun mode the whole time (also with different types). Void strike all around for the DPS. Trin's focus doesn't matter. Probably vazarin for increased bless range. Actually, the 3 DPS being 1 Chroma 1 Rhino and maybe 1 Volt, all closely grouped to share buffs could work.
Really wish we could increase the deadzone on that.
Or **if**? I need this in my life.
It's not 2%. ~2% is from stage 4/5. It's a little under 5% from stage 5. So it's ~6.74% chance to get at least 1 copy from a full bounty when it's on rotation.
Kicking/blocking for low fflogs is not something the GMs touch, since it's a publicly accessible site, and nothing about viewing it is against ToS.
It's completely working. Coaction drift just doesn't affect power donation. Power donation alone is 70 ability strength, so neutral speed nova (0% slow) Power donation and overextended is 10 strength, so +60% hyper speed nova. (-60% slow) Overextended alone is traditional speed nova at 40 strength, +30% speed. (-30% slow)
No. The legs should just drop normal toroids when broken. The current rewards are pathetic. We need an increase, not an exchange.
Yes. It's necessary.
They never would especially because of umbral polarity, but I agree at a minimum auras should be universal.
Read your tooltips. It should be easy enough to form a rotation on your own when you understand your abilities. More importantly, it lets you adjust your rotation whenever something goes wrong, and to flex to fit different fights. Always greed for more dps. Healer tank or dps, everyone should be pushing to max their dps contribution.
Both are great, both are meta, both are considered mandatory. Expect 5.0 nerfs for both.
Because genocide is bad?
One of the screenshots was a BLU fighting a gagana. If BLU is meant to solo Shiva ex at 50, that should be strong enough to fight a simple gagana.
Level everything not just weaver. Dailies and leves are your friend.
Not great gil at the moment but early in the expansion they were pretty big on a few things. 5.0 should be good for them again.
It absolutely is slower. How do you not understand this? With no queuing, you clip additional time with every single press. It works well enough to let people like you get around having more limited dexterity by mashing 1 button instead of needing to quickly switch between many, but it *does* come at the cost of **some** speed, and should only be used by those who need it.
It's not bad, I just don't see forcing it into the opener as 100% necessary and think saving it to set up 2nd TA similar to current rotations (but without the overcap now that its 0 ninki) could potentially be better. Haven't done hard math or compared possible fight lengths, just basing it off feel for current uses. There's such an opportunity cost to using it that you really want to maximize that value. The good news is that 20s suiton buff lets you pop it further in advance of 2nd TA so you're not holding it *quite* so long. Not *too* likely to cost a use over the fight?
JP tooltips. But it could be wrong? Looking at the damage numbers from the NA media tour footage again now it looks like it could still be double. Unless it was adjusted in a more recent build and the JP tooltips are all that reflect the change?
Oh and in response to meisui, yes. It will never be used on a hardcast suiton except maybe on pull if we have to force the opener sooner for other jobs. Suiton nerfed to 100 potency, and 40 ninki is 250 potency. 350 is still less than a raiton, and for a bigger clip. So definitely not using it on cooldown. Just for non-TA TCJs.
A trait to increase the IQ cap. 11 is way outdated. 16-21 would be great. Rework MaMa. It's OP as hell for allowing undergeared crafters to take on the crafts they need for making their own gear, etc. But it takes forever. It's basically a 0 GP 99% progress MuMe nowadays. It just takes 5 minutes to fully execute. Just make something that can work faster. Like a new FS replacement that eats 5 stacks but adds 180 progress and restores 7 GP. It would still be somewhat long for manual crafters, but not as excruciating. Make quick synth actually quick. For GP, it would help if the +1 trait also applied per-swing instead of just per tick. It's great for FSH since they always get to tick, even while actively gathering. But MIN and BTN lose out on a little bit. For FSH, change how baits work. One way to add a "tacklebox" would be to turn baits into collectible items like minions or orchestrion rolls. They become much more expensive/harder to get, but once you collect it you have permanent access to use that bait while fishing. No more need to eat inventory space on carrying a variety of baits. It just gets added permanently to the bait menu.
Kinda, but then you eat 8 of your (currently 10 SHB 15) plates just for crafting.
Remove the total desynth cap. The effective 3 class limit really is pointlessly restrictive and goes against the core idea of doing everything on 1 character like the combat is designed around. Change "for beginners" books to be consumable desynth exp boosting items or something. It would let people level CUL desynth without blocking out the potential for something actually useful.
All of them. Join all of them. Level up to 1 at your own pace (easy by just crafting using materials sold inside the guild hall. Remember you get bonus EXP for a higher quality bar). Once all are 15 start doing your GC daily turn-ins. And once your combat main gets far enough in the story to unlock beast tribes, the Ixali will be a great source of crafting exp. Oh, and level your DoH too. All that crafting is going to need materials, and once you get above what the NPCs sell you'll need to gather it yourself.
&gt;Think Ret Paladins from WoW or Black Mages from XIV. The less rotational it is, the happier I am. What? BLM is very strict and rotational. The only random factor is possible thundercloud procs, and I haven't looked into it since HW, but the single fire 1 used to refresh ennochian mid-f4 spam *might* give a firestarter. That's all. And thundercloud procs don't mean much beyond a little convenience in your next ice phase (plus I think you tend to sharpcast to force a lot of them? I don't play BLM). RDM and BRD are the most reactive. BRD especially. RDM follows basic rules, but fills in details as they go based on available procs. Seems it will be simpler in SHB due to the loss of impact as a backup "proc" for ST rotation. That's really all for it. BRD gets highly reactive during WM phase, and somewhat reactive during MB. BRD is already full of double-weaves, and trying to use and avoid overcap on PP while satisfying the rest of their cooldowns during their main burst period and fishing a refulgent vs defaulting to empyreal for barrage makes it extremely hectic. Again, this seems to be simplifying for SHB. Barrage procs empyreal by itself, so there are only 2 options now for that phase. Either you already have a proc that you need to get rid of before barraging, or you don't. MB is a bit easier, you just need to anticipate that any tick could be a reset for BL. You don't want to waste a proc, of course. It also means you have to be insanely careful around EA and really watch the tick rate. Since EA guarantees a proc, you always have to clear active procs before using it. But then if a tick is coming before you can get off another GCD + 1x oGCD animation lock, you still risk overcap and may need to triple weave to avoid waste. It's a bit of a mess, honestly, but it does keep you on your toes. In SHB, there's RNG in the flat proc rate combined with the need for 4 procs in AP's usual 20s window. That might actually suck. According to Wolfram Alpha, you have an 83.9% chance to be able to end AP after 20 as normal (or a 74.7% rate if you only get 6 ticks in. The exact desync could vary). That means 14.1% of the time you either lose a large amount of expected SKS(most likely) or your rotation gets thrown out of sync/delayed waiting for that last proc. Anyway, back to melees. DRG is insanely strict. currently an 11 GCD cycle over 9 keys, soon to be 12 GCDs over 8. Jumps are basically used on cooldown with strict windows to use them, and when to mirage dive and set up your LotD phase. NIN is less strict but still fairly rigid. You have some flex in your GCDs. Every 3rd combo has to be SF, but other than that you can swap out ACs and AEs as long as your huton doesn't fall to 0 or overcap above 70. And of course when duality or TA is up you want to be AEing. But it's still enough flex to get around some annoying positional shenanigans like 1st forsaken. oGCDs are much more strict. Ninki being less strict due to the 20 ninki wiggle between the 80 required and 100 cap, but that generally just lets you line it up with other burst if it's close. Not really reactive. Always set up TA to be ready on cooldown. Default filler jutsus to fuma, and only pepper in raitons on TA kassatsus (or just TAs for shorter phases until a jump) for as many as won't cut an AE out of your rotation from the amount of clipping it causes (NIN is optimized to the sub-GCD based on clipping). SHB looks to normalize and simplify this by forcing all filler jutsus to raiton, kassatsus to hyosho, and TCJs to FuRaiSui including fillers due to meisui. Which is extremely annoying and I really hope it changes before SHB launch. MNK has 2 rotations, TK and non-TK. But both are very strict. TK rotation especially is unforgiving of lag and mistakes, but is better if you can pull it off. SAM is the easiest overall and probably the most flex. The buffs last long enough that you naturally clip them while building sen. You can flex the order a bit based on available positionals without affecting anything else.
That's really only for DRG being super strict on GCD order. NIN uses 5 keys and has a general 9 GCD cycle (8 in SHB), but again has that flex between AC and AE finishers, so each set of 9 won't be the same. MNK has 6 keys for single-target, but is a bit more complex in the overall cycle between them, especially with PB thrown into the mix. Each GCD corresponds to a stance with 2 single-target GCDs available, but there's really only 1 objectively correct choice at any given time. Cycles are not quite even so the rotation looks a bit more complex than it is, but really you can base each decision fairly simply off the corresponding timer. Minus the interaction between PB cycles and TKs. SAM is 7 (if you count iai) GCD keys for single-target and again the cycles aren't quite cycles. Plus meikyo disrupts it a bit when it's up. But they have those loose rules to follow and just try to keep everything up within those rules. It's the most flex since they have plenty of time to do so.
Characters, not accounts.
I was hoping DNC would be scouting for this reason.
This happens for all jobs when they equip a weapon that only the job can use, such as an AF or relic weapon. SCH is just more like the classless jobs in that none of its high level books can be equipped by ACN due to being MND-based.
I have a suspicion that due to the nature of GL4 and esprit generating off GCDs, DNC+MNK may do the same thing. On the other hand, good for MNK. Shit on during HW, niche in SB, finally a chance to be meta.
They've been giving us 5 fights at least. The 4th instance being a checkpointed faust+boss has been nice.
I don't know, I prefer the mechanics being done halfway over the insane tangle of micro-phase pushes of A11S. Sure if you're perfect you can skip GCO in i400+echo, but most groups going back and running that will still at least see it (until they can unsync), and it's still fun to do. Plus it really helps during prog. You know where you need to be for DPS/boss HP at that point, and you can start cleaning up your mechanics while pushing for the DPS you need. Maybe more like Kefka where it wasn't "done" until 3rd forsaken? 3/4 instead of 1/2 to see everything? I don't know. I've never enjoyed spamming early phases on repeat while the healers and tanks work out their cooldowns for each new mechanic during prog. It's just really boring for a DPS. Hiding new mechanics further and further into the encounter just means more time wasted getting them there so they can figure things out and finally start running for an actual clear. I prefer working on optimization once we know the whole fight.
Confession soaks in A12S were interesting. Everyone shared responsibility for them with the melees, tanks, and ranged each having a movement pattern to preserve uptime, soak, and have the melee debuffs fall off in time so they could stack with the healers for their upcoming stack marker, and the tanks' in time for the upcoming shared buster (tho that one was usually just invulned). Timegates were the opposite. Unrewarding compared to the ranged and DRG staying outside. 3-man method even worse for the NIN, tho difficult/satisfying to pull off, it really emphasized how unfair "padded" parses were compared to team-play. Car skip for NIN was a lot better, since it was during downtime anyway. The only minus is de-syncing DWAD from TA, but that's not a major loss and you get a bit of solo DPS time over everyone else when performing it, which does make up for that. Granted, 3-man timegates and car skip were both unintended mechanics, but both coincidentally involved a NIN going into a portal to kill someone else's add.
Generally 6 minutes or so, but genderfluid was more like 8. And they crammed a lot of cool mechanics into that short fight.
Just time wasted if they ever remove the total cap. Which really shouldn't exist.
They should have just been oGCD.
I don't know anyone who would say it's not real. Irrational, maybe, but not fake. People clearly do put extra pressure on themselves beyond what the roles actually demand. And DPS aren't immune to that anxiety. If I'm ever made to play a DPS job I'm not used to, I freak out. I don't know the rotation, I can't play by feel, I spend the entire fight staring at my hotbars to watch procs and cooldowns and make sure I'm lining everything up correctly, not clipping, not overcapping/wasting procs, and just trying to keep the whole thing optimal. I end up unable to pay attention to the fight itself.
I recommend the drome chimera from the relic reborn quest. Get someone lv70 to unsync with you and just murder it after it casts both. Droprates can be very low for spells.
Spearfishing has ok RNG control. Rod fishing needs its own veteran trade.
Double weaving as what job? Context helps since different jobs have different animation locks and GCDs which makes it naturally easier/harder.
The other ones that aren't on (or technically on in the case of Byakko) someone generally act as a combination of stack marker and tower. Anyone in it splits the damage. Nobody in it explodes on the entire raid for full damage. There was one like that in V6S that people just sent the PLD to go HG.
The only things I see as worth it are the 24-man rewards (minions/cards). Those take a long time to run and are very unlikely rolls when you're against that many people. 7 tomes for each of those seems pretty fair.
I'm just saying double weaving on a BRD is way easier than on a MNK. MNK can still do it even outside of RoF with some oGCDs because they have super short animation locks, but not all. And a RDM can double weave, but not with displacement. NIN can't double weave at all no matter what. MCH can for the most part, just not during RF. But all of these have different degrees of lenience, and some will feel the effects of a bad ping before others. Double weaves are far from all being equal.
Because a quest said to and they don't know any better yet.
Yeah, make yourself 290 gear and meld it. At least the accessories. Trying to skip the Ala Mhigan stage by using scrips is rough. Most people just pentameld their 290 and use only the scrip tools. Scrip gear is really bad in general, and the accessories in particular are pure shit. Tools are the biggest boost you can get and the rest is super flat. Just hit the minimums with as much CP as possible. Remember food and tea for more, and count the control on matcha towards that minimum stat needed. Or ignore everything for now, wait for some cheaper lv71 gear, and just try to stay on pace next expansion. Trying to catch up now is a big investment that will only help a little bit come shadowbringers. Going with leveling gear instead of onishi means you may need to re-make your gear a couple times, but you'll still be caught up by whatever the white 80 set is.
Not really. Jump potion gives shire. This looks like someone throwing just whatever gear they had lying around onto an alt job they were leveling trough mostly PotD with some roulettes (mostly low level stuff where it wouldn't mater), queued for leveling while at 61, and got unlucky with a pull of sirensong.
Depends how openers go. I see 2 different potential TA timings.
It will feel pretty bad. Worse than current ninja, even. They're making us 2-sign every jutsu. That means clips for even the perfect ping players, and 100% of extra delay from ping becomes additional clipping instead of being (at least partially) covered by the extra wiggle room of a fuma cast. That's going to add up to a big DPS differential based purely on ping.
Catalyze was introduced to nerf spreadlo. Anything else is a side effect.
Those aren't mutually exclusive.
But I mentioned something completely separate from what you said. The intent of the catalyze is unrelated to AST interactions. It's just to nerf the dominance of crit spreadlo for mitigating basically everything in the game. Adding "protection from stupid" to the ST shield is just extra.
Hi when I need it doing something intense. HQ normal most of the time since they're easy to make. HQ watered if I'm close to full and just want to top off with the shorter cooldown.
About 5m you can think about getting a small. No. You get what you get, and they charge for extra. No. Only a bell. There is a placeable bell furnishing for your house. For the most part no. All you care about on any normal job in normal content is doing your rotation correctly for max potency. BLU Masked Carnivale mobs do have elemental weakness/resistance, since BLU is a minigame all about changing your active spells for the upcoming fight and they have a bunch of different element flavors of the same basic damage spells, as opposed to actual rotations like real jobs. Eureka mobs have elemental affinity, but it only cares about your elemental attunement on the magia board, not the actual elements of your attacks. And then of course there are elemental resistance debuffs that enemies can place on *you* which makes you take increased damage from that element. But those, of course, correspond to the types of attack that boss does and make specific ones more deadly. Healers main stat is MND. Period. Damage and healing both scale off MND. The 1 hour ventures are more exp per time spent. While you're online keep sending them on the highest level of those you can. Then start an 18h before you log off so they can do that overnight.
Take the 1st 6 letters. That's the pun. The similarity of that other name just confuses things.
Nope. You don't. It should always reset on reset. You either mistook the time of reset or something else went wrong in this one specific case, but in general what you have active makes no difference and will not interfere with the reset. Completing stored quests doesn't refill your allowances, they're already full. You're just not allowed to pick up new quests until the old ones are all gone.
As long as you understand how to play your job, how to navigate the game as a whole with all of its systems, and common mechanics you should be fine. The problem with boosting is when brand new players do it and end up completely lost with no idea how to do anything, both in and out of combat.
Clipping your GCD. NIN can't weave 2+ sign jutsus without clipping, and TCJ itself is several GCDs long of pure clip.
If a NIN pulls, at least until the expansion comes out, it's with shadewalker and for a good reason. They can help you grab things while holding in a better position or keeping the pack in an AoE. They can pull the boss to you right away so that poor MNK doesn't lose his stacks. If you're a beginner tank who's too afraid to pull wall-to-wall, they can boost your confidence by throwing you into the deep end to show you it's not so bad to pull more.
You realize TA is NIN's *only* utility for SHB, right? Aggro is being stripped away, goad was made generic and then removed, so TA is the only NIN utility left. And NIN still sacrifices a ton to have it with super low personal DPS. You can't just give something like that to a job that already has tons of utility (and way more DPS in the case of RDM) unless you strip **all of it** away in exchange. Embolden and technical step already are TA-style party buffs, ignoring DNC's suite of single-target buffs and RDM's emergency heal and res utility. You could nerf RDM and DNC damage to make their damage buffs stronger, but that's it. Same could be said of litany, brotherhood, aetherpact, and battle voice. It's all a balance. The stronger the buff the weaker the DPS. NIN just happens to be in the position of minimum DPS, maximum buff. And 10% for 10 seconds is a relatively low maximum for that buff. XIV keeps buffs small as a whole. There will always be party buffs. They will always be aligned. The only thing that changes is exact values. TA is the "main" buff for coordinating around mostly because of its regular timing. It acts as a metronome for all the other party buffs and cooldowns, with that distinct sound effect every 60 seconds. Other buffs at 90, 120, 180, etc. simply line up together in the openers (not just with trick, with everything) and continue being used on cooldown for the rest of the fight. Trick attack is just an easily visible/audible and more common raid buff to check and make sure everything is still in sync.
BRD hasn't been limited by being on an asynchronous 80s cycle for all of SB. It's viable outside of that because it's just ridiculously strong with its 3 raid buffs easily equaling TA, and much higher personal DPS than a NIN on top of it. NIN is only "too good" if you're talking about how good it is at padding people. NIN's personal DPS is so low that combining TA into it is still no better than a MNK with brotherhood or a RDM with embolden. And that's in the most coordinated groups. In more casual groups that can't align with TA properly MNK pulls ahead because more of its power is concentrated in personal DPS. Yes, people care more about their own parse than the group's success. And if TA is nerfed they will chase whatever the next biggest buff is instead. The jobs are currently pretty well balanced between personal DPS and raid utility, minus BRD having a bit too much personal DPS for its current level of utility, SMN contagion being a bit too powerful when used for a BLM, and DRG piercing being way too polarizing with even one, much less both physical ranged in the party. And all 3 of those things have been addressed in SHB changes. What has not been? TA. Because while it is polarizing in its popularity, it does not break the actual balance curve. The normal meta doesn't care about balance in terms of total raid DPS. It cares about big numbers, and NIN makes your numbers look bigger (because it's taken out of what would otherwise be the NIN's numbers if TA were weaker). The speedrun meta does care about rDPS which is why they currently go BRD DRG SMN BLM in any fight where BLM can afford to turret. They also abuse the fuck out of LB generation, because they're weird like that. But they're not the meta people emulate. Big parse metas are.
The thing is, everyone is going to vote for healers to get other people playing them so they don't have to.
That's normal aliasing. All you can do is either tweak your AA settings (can smooth but some cheaper types look smudgy), increase your resolution (massive performance hit), or downsample from a higher res if you're already at your monitor's native resolution (which really just acts as an expensive version of SSAA). I'm not too familiar with what XIV has as AA options but nothing that looks any good will ever hide that completely.
TCJ is a giant hot mess that we all hate but use anyway because it does a lot of damage.
I was basing the 0.5 off old HW fflogs that had myself and most other NINs I looked at around a 0.5s clip for every raiton they used. I was still learning the job back then so I payed a lot of attention to how big the clip was to compare vs fuma for which to use and when.
IT INCLUDES DUMMIES FOR NORMAL MODE STORY RAIDS AND TRIALS TOO. IT'S USEFUL FOR EVERYONE.
2 of the top 5 fastest final omega runs pre-echo used double physical ranged comps. It only has technically low rDPS if you ignore the fact that BRD+DRG is already an auto-lock core. MCH exploits the pre-existing piercing debuff to massively extend raid DPS with hypercharge and solid personal performance, even if much of that personal ends up credited to the DRG. It's still an excellent choice that easily competes with any caster if you already have a 2nd melee (NIN or MNK) in the party. It only flat out loses to double-caster, but that's a matchup NIN also loses to. Are you calling NIN weak?
I don't know about 9 items, but it does result in like 4 copies of the music every run.
Have you really been reading up on it? Because basically anywhere you look you get the same advice. Level everything. Period. All or nothing. It's the only way to craft.
Every 60 seconds on cooldown, just as you said. Trials and raids last 6-10 minutes so that's 6-10 trick attacks you should be using.
No, that's what suiton is for.
Matron is fine if you're just digging up buried coffers.
They can price as low as they want. If it's really *too* low, people would be instantly buying up all the gear at such a bargain and leaving only the higher priced ones up on the market board.
Yeah. They did it to blue scrips. Everything you could buy for blue was moved to red and scaled to a lower cost to represent red's higher value. Anything that earned blue now earns red, but fewer of them, again, scaling the relative value of each type. Red-&gt;yellow should go the same way. Shops will sell the older stuff for an even cheaper price of yellow scrips, and all red scrip collectibles now give a smaller amount of yellow instead. But of course, the leveling content in SHB will earn yellow much faster than current yellow, and we'll need a lot of them for new folklore and master books.
It should. The in-game mail containing the pre-order items should send out as soon as you enter the pre-release code into the mog station. So it should be waiting for you even if you can't log in to claim them.
It depends how bad the injuries are. Keep in mind even for us most wipe scenarios are lethal, since with everyone incapacitated you would surely be killed. It's just then revealed that the previous pull was just an echo simulation of how things might play out if you make certain decisions, and you are still standing ready to face the boss before the fight begins.
Why already? After SHB it will remove the chance to spit main stat back out, and if they add a grade VII you'll have a chance for VIs to upgrade.
Very wrong. Have you read your tooltips? Do you understand how any of your abilities work? Clearly the answer is no, but it's where you should start. There's no reason to ever take any ability off your bars, and I really worry for whatever you thought you were doing without them.
It doesn't matter play what you find fun blah blah blah If you want to squeeze out extra synergies and tap every last ounce of extra DPS possible, spreading your group across physical and magic is not anything special, and in certain comps can actually be a detriment. I won't talk about current synergies because SB is ending soon, but I can talk about the kinds of synergy SHB will have. The new AST will want both melee and ranged in the party, but that's pretty easy. The ranged can be physical or magic. MNK retains brotherhood, and with the removal of piercing from DRG it may become a more common party buff. It only affects physical damage, so MNKs will prefer 4 physical DPS. With DNC likely to be the first ranged pick, they would probably want a 2nd physical ranged, either BRD or MCH. DNC synergizes with everyone, but does prefer jobs which can fit more GCDs or oGCD weaponskills/spells into a burst period. Meaning DRG and casters fall somewhat behind that synergy due to their generally slow pace of GCDs. MCH looks badass for SHB. Go ahead and unlock it. The playstyle will change massively in the expansion but it looks really fun.
But the upgraded materia can also be crafting...
I don't think they give exp unless you're underleveled for that specific NPC. It should be like beast tribes or leves. They don't want any stockpiled exp before things launch.
It comes and goes. Generally there are a few points in a new expansion where FSH can make a lot.
Zhloe was out at the end of HW. I'm pretty sure she didn't give any exp at or above 60 when SB launched. If she does now it's only because her rewards were scaled up. I'm still going to save my allowances, but mostly just as a way to hold additional scrips beyond the cap. I don't expect any EXP out of it.
Sounds like an attempted sac pull. Tank grabs face aggro and later dies. DPS 1 reads note and types it out for the party. DPS 2 and healer start the boss alone, pulling in DPS 1 and the revived tank after the gate closes.
It shows you the potential collectibility before committing to collecting it so you can make sure it's high enough. For FSH specifically, HQ and high collectibility are linked, since both are determined by fish size. But, of course, you can still tell if it's HQ before that screen pops up by watching for the HQ reel-in animation. In general, anything high enough to turn in is probably also HQ-sized. They don't line up exactly, but it's close.
You can clean out most of it. I should probably do some cleaning myself.
Kefka savage, I mean. 3rd graven you generally want to backpedal so you can stare at the tower while moving to his teleport spot to dodge. And yes, legacy is better overall. Just the ability to keep the camera focused while running backwards is great. I was just sharing how even for the one edge case where you want backpedaling, you still can. Also, keep the turn keys bound somewhere (mine are Q and E). Suzaku's DDR phase is easier using these compared to spinning your camera wildly.
Neo Exdeath and Shinryu Extreme. Just really well-designed in theme and mechanics. V3S was also pretty fun. And honorable mention to Kefklown and Genderfluid. Really improved the faust concept. Fuck Exdad's cape though.
The only things that look worthwhile are the 24-man drops.
Yes. if you want to be even remotely efficient you need to level everything. You cite time as the reason but really that's not how it works. Doing everything at once barely takes any longer than doing one alone, especially because of how much easier it is meaning you spend less time struggling against the system. And way less gil since you can be self-reliant for all your materials (supposing you also level gatherers alongside them in he same manner). And again cheaper and easier since you can craft your own gear to share as you level everything, saving inventory space as well while you use mostly the same materials at each set of levels. Just get everything to 15 by filling out the log with NPC materials in the guild hall, and start simply running your GC dailies. Takes very little time and gives a ton of exp. Then just be done for the day. It may take a few months to get everything to max like this, but for very little actual playtime dedicated to actually doing it. If you want to level faster, spend some leves. Again, they are very time efficient.
&gt; I don’t seem to use Cure III a lot. When do I use it instead of Medica? When the party is stacked and needs big GCD healing. &gt; When running through dungeons and the tank is doing big pulls, what’s a good opener to make sure that his health doesn’t drop incredibly quick when there are 900 enemies on him? Holy. Stunned mobs deal 0 damage.
It's not that NIN is higher, it's that DRG is lower. NIN CPM is inflated a bit by mudras. Take that away and you're very close to MNK or MCH. DRG is just **super slow** for DPS. The only DPS slower are BLM and RDM (and RDM is close).
Yes.
A Y isn't always optimal depending what you reveal and where. You want to avoid ambiguous 123 vs 789 situations and actually uncover the most beneficial information possible.
Did you do something weird like abandoning the quest to unlock TT partway through? The only reason you wouldn't have a use option is if you somehow never unlocked TT.
Only with a ton of support to be able to properly engage. They have no engage of their own. What they are good at is bursting down a target that their team has already jumped on. Without a solid front line to actually fall in on the enemy, a NIN can't get in to do anything at all.
The only mainstat materia that were ever used were STR (always for tanks) and VIT (during prog for others), which were put on accessories. (Niche minigame use for INT materia on fending if a BLU wanted a healer/tank [for BLU those are basically the same thing] focus.) So they're just adding more innate STR or VIT to accessories (depending on the type) and removing the materia's effects. Once they become useless and unobtainable will be the time to transmute them into working materia.
Mostly no, but a couple like the koala seem to be.
Yes, you can leave bank slots in glamour plates. A glamour plate is just a bundle of appearances you can apply to your current gear all at once. So if you only wanted to change gloves, you can make a plate that just has gloves. For dyes, I think you can dye within the plate itself. So you would need to put your chest in the dresser, apply it to both plates, then dye it on each plate differently (or dye the item one of the colors and leave that appearance untouched on one plate while dyeing the other.)
I don't think this means we can't still transmute. There just won't be any special accommodations for directly exchanging them. There's no reason this should be any different than the removal of elemental materia. That's the easiest way to do it.
Construct 8, Calofisteri, and Yiazmat card for 21 total. Then 80 left for..... ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ I'm only at 13 so far.
The opposite. At least back when we **had** low-level DoTs before SB removed them all. DPS HoN has a lesson that actually fails you for trying to spread your DoT in a 3-mob pull (syncs to 15 so no DPS has AoE. Ranged get theirs ~18ish I think?). It penalizes you for hitting anything other than the 1 thing the tank is single-targeting with zero aggro on anything else. It's a shit lesson and really should not be there.
Mostly, except at some point you want to replace step 3 if you're going for that 20-star bird. Eventually, when you have your own birds that when combined can cover 4 stars in every stat, you want to try to breed those down to consolidate those stats, keeping the best and eventually inbreeding once the stats start lining up to try to get that perfect bird. That also means doubling step 2 every repeat so your breeding pair can hopefully produce better offspring both male and female.
At this point? 290 set with 350 scrip tools for a quick and dirty jump into the next leveling stuff.
THE INSTANT THE CAST BAR FINISHES. THAT'S ALL. YOU CAN LOOK AT THE BOSS FOR THE ENTIRE REST OF THE CAST BAR BEFORE IT, AND YOU CAN LOOK BACK IMMEDIATELY AFTERWARD. JUST THAT ONE INSTANT YOU NEED TO BE TURNED AWAY. IF YOU HAVE LEGACY MODE SET YOU CAN JUST TAP S AFTER YOUR LAST GCD BEFORE IT HITS. IF YOU'RE ANYTHING OTHER THAN A CASTER YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO IT WITHOUT CLIPPING AT ALL.
Has anyone seen, through either media tour or E3 footage, if the standard step buff remains on a player if the DNC switches partners so they could keep 2 people buffed for the fight?
For EXP only? Mineral water from an NPC I guess.
You have to individually unlock all the outposts for leves. After that, you should have most of your leves start from the main city where your class is, with a few leves just out in the outposts directly. The best leves generally have you start in the city and deliver to the outpost. It's dumb. 50+ that stops. 50-60 and 60-70 you can just deliver to the leve counter where you pick them up.
RDM and BLM are the simplest rotation-wise it gets. BLM is difficult only because it's a pure caster so has a lot of trouble moving for mechanics and needs to pre-plan heavily in harder fights to be able to do so without interrupting their simple rotation. In simple content they can just turret and blast away without a care.
All DoTs snapshot. Whatever buffs/debuffs are on you and the enemy apply to the full DoT until it ends or is overwritten. SKS just adds a minor potency increase to DoTs and autoattacks. It doesn't change when they tick. It's very small and in general SKS/SPS is a bad stat except for BLM, SAM, and somewhat WAR. Some jobs like all tanks and DRG do have a certain minimum they want to get to ensure they can comfortably fit the correct number of GCDs into important buffs like IR, blood weapon, b4b, etc. But beyond that "minimum" (which is different for individuals based on their latency and a comfortable tolerance for them) the stat is worse than other options.
&gt; Just stay in tank stance Woah there, buddy. There are still 2 weeks before that kind of advice becomes acceptable. For now, learn good habits early. A tank's job is to hold aggro and reduce the amount of healing needed. And you know what helps both of those things? **More damage.** More damage means more aggro generated, which means less tank stance/aggro combos needed, which means **even more damage**. And **more damage** makes the enemies die faster so they stop hitting you sooner, making the healer's job easier. And with an easier job healing, the healers can also do **more damage.**
I had no idea that this applied to anything other than your company chocobo, mostly because that was the only chocobo I owned when I did that quest.
There's nothing in the game that does that that you have to worry about. All tank effects now are just % damage reduction or flat shields (or temporary bonus HP for WAR). Foresight was removed because as a literal defense buff it was way worse than all other tank cooldowns. Protect is basically default stats and is being removed, and fey covenant is being lumped into illumination and changed to a normal % magic damage reduction. For the sake of a single raidwide attack, reprisal and CU do basically the same thing (10% damage reduced), but of course both can be stacked to reduce the damage by 19% instead.
Gathering. But in current expansions that's never an issue, you shouldn't ever take more than 1 swing. You would have to be **severely** undergeared. If you're at 50 or some other old level cap, just try to get to 51 and into lv51 leveling gear. It's a massive stat gap.
Stormblood content but shadowbringers is so close...
No, you can't target enemies effectively with macros. I'm specifically referring to targeting a specific slot within your own party (useful based on the default sorting) or using &lt;mo&gt; for mouseover targeting if you need it to be more flexible.
For crafting it's already shit. Even 290 accessories are miles better. Tools are ~ok. Gathering it's not as bad. Bad, but not as bad. Should get you through with a little struggle.
Change to legacy mode.
Current LB3s deal over 350k for an i400 party. It's reasonable we might see 1m+ LBs in SHB.
In i270, orange NIN for A9S (pure target dummy) was almost exactly 3k. In 400, orange NIN for V12S (not quite pure dummy) was a bit under 7.5k. That's a 150% increase. More restrained than ARR to HW, but we're still doing 2.5x the damage seen last expansion.
But the main issue here is the need for a numbers squish. So we need to look at both our stats (HP mainly) and our damage when seeing when numbers may start to get too large to quickly process. HP we went from ~25k HP DPS in 270 to now ~56k, and 37k HP tanks to ~77k. So a bit over 100%. SHB is effectively putting permanent VIT melds on DPS and healers with the accessory changes, so we can expect a larger increase in HP (which also works well with the intended design of giving healers more to do. A larger buffer enables more incoming damage). Tank mastery trait tweaking their innate HP scaling off VIT seems to be keeping them apace of those changes as well. So at that pace, we really only need a squish for outgoing with 6.0. Incoming could probably go a couple more expansions and only really needs a squish before it becomes feasible for echo+thrill WAR with whatever the new highest VIT pot is to pass 1m HP as a meme.
It's still there. But it's not going to be endgame for combat anymore. Just prog. Crafting and gathering gear is still going to be all pentamelds.
The only thing I do special is shrink the huton gauge to minimum size and put it just to the left of my buff bar effectively in place where the old huton buff would be.
Same as shrinking any UI element. In your HUD settings there's an option for it.
And only Limsa has its aetheryte near a market board. Even more important when you need to go back and forth between them to change worlds.
That's a rough question. Generally raiding **is** gearing. Whatever you get during your weekly runs is half of your progression, and the other half is just capping your weekly tomes. But for bleeding edge you can always make/buy crafted gear at the very beginning of a new tier, and grabbing a weapon from the newest EX primal is also a small boost to start. But that's all a quick rush for the starter gear. Again, the main process is getting gear and tokens from the raid itself, and your weekly cap of tomes. People don't raid in their FCs. They join a static. 8 people with consistent scheduled raid hours every week. You do not raid outside your static unless it's after the scheduled raid week is over. PF is also an option but results there tend to vary. A lot. Sometimes you stumble into a great group that just blazes through. Sometimes you get stuck for an entire lockout on the easiest fight and wonder how the fuck these people got carried to even join a no bonus party.
95% of the game is locked behind MSQ progress anyway. You need your combat main up and going through that or else you won't even have access to any of the later zones. Also for the sake of your own sanity, level all of your crafters together. With your gatherers too. Do not try to do one alone.
I don't think lifesteal effects generate aggro. Pretty sure bloodbath was never used for aggro back when that was a WAR skill.
But beyond a certain point and with a certain distribution of base stats won't synced gear still eventually have a set to beat old melded for Ultimate as well? That's the part I don't get. Is the only thing it does clamping the values on all stats? Or does it actually scale proportionally? Like let's say I'm scaling i400 chest down to i345 for UCoB. 345's meld cap is 260 points of a substat for chestpieces. i400s have 325 over 227. So would the synced value be 260/227? If that's the case, then once current iLv gets high enough that the lower of the 2 substats is over 260 points, we can sync chestpieces to UCoB with it and max out both chosen substats for better stats than melded unsynced gear. Or is it the case where a future i440 piece with, for example, 400/280 substats would sync proportionally and only be 260/182 like actual unmelded 345 gear? If that's the case then we need to keep a special BiS for ultimate forever.
Max CP. Hit a breakpoint for craftsmanship based on your preferred rotation. Pump the rest into control. GP is more about hitting certain thresholds. I run 780 but really 730 is plenty right now. Gathering is also about breakpoints. I have 1657 at the moment (I think 1655 is the breakpoint) which is enough for 95 on everything. And going beyond that for a higher BY2/BH2 on current items would be infeasible. Dump the rest into perception.
Looking at the changes it's a very tiny increase compared to what most other jobs are getting. Also very un-fun to play with forcing us to raiton every filler jutsu. Aside from likely DNC, NIN is definitely going to remain the lowest personal DPS. I expect MNK to be the new polarizing factor. They keep current brotherhood and make an ideal DNC partner between GL4 for esprit generation and high personal DPS to make solid use of the DNC buffs. Then NIN and possibly MCH despite its sudden lack of party buffs would fill in the remaining slots due to their GCD speed focused burst phases (bunshin and hypercharge/wildfire) feeding back into both brotherhood and technical step for massive raid burst periods. MCH as a now selfish ranged also makes an ideal AST target, with MNK as the primary melee target. BRD may still be an option in MCH's place. MNK pushes out casters as options, not that DNC would appreciate them much for esprit feedback during technical step anyway.
Every job gets *a* buff. That's necessary for an expansion. If the newly added abilities didn't make you stronger, what would the point be? Synced 70- NIN is even getting a DPS nerf, so that's in line with the removed utility from others. And with how relatively minor the buffs from their new skills are compared to others, it should keep the overall scaling about right for roughly equal total contribution. Remember, current MNK and NIN are both equal rDPS. And MNK didn't get its utility reduced either. But it's getting some significant personal buffs from GL4 and from now using PB as a DK-buffed bootshine spam instead of a TK rotation GL recovery.
MCH will be the pure selfish ranged. BRD was the support and is moving to the middle ground. DNC will be the support.
Well that sucks for MNK. Brotherhood still demands a pure physical DPS comp.
&gt; both BRD and MCH right now provide nearly the same amount of Raid DPS Uh, no. BRD provides way more. It's a complete imbalance. MCH has a current meta slot only because it piggybacks off DRG's disembowel which is already in place for the mandatory BRD slot. BRD is just broken in the current patch.
Put a &lt;wait.1&gt; after the last attempted cast. If you mash the key within the 1 second before the chat message goes out, it will interrupt the macro and restart it, only posting the message after you stop and let the whole thing play through. Also put the macroicon last. It does delay the macro a bit having it first. And please don't macro things that don't need communication. Raises I get, you want the other healer/RDM/SMN to know you already have it covered. But please do not put macros on simple things like e4e. Also **do not** macro multiple things together. Even if it's a pet action so it technically works you still want more free will to use it as needed. You don't want to always use those together.
RNG
White for eventual endgame materials, fishing baits, scrip gear, etc. but folklore and master VII (and probably master VIII) should be yellow.
RDM for prog is pretty common and should remain that way. AST cards as single target encourage 1 melee heavy hitter (MNK or SAM) and 1 ranged heavy hitter (BLM SMN or MCH). RDM as a ranged option for AST is still ok. Also RDM is the best of the casters for MNK synergy, since at least its oGCDs benefit from the 5% buff, and its melee combo (and reprise) will trigger the chakra bonus in return. Plus embolden also works best with 3 physical allies.
Why even spend on vendor gear? You're already leveling crafters, just gather the mats to make gear.
Don't worry about when you catch up. Just focus on a smooth progression. Do your GC dailys for all 8 and your gatherers every day. That's your main source of exp. Add in some leves to balance things out, and Ixali quests to push your crafters even further.
Some, on some jobs.
MSQ has never been enough. There's always several level gates. It was kinda ok during SB launch when PvP could break each of those gates in a couple rounds of Shatter. But ever since the nerf that's not viable.
When you hear how bad the 2.0 VAs are, you'll be begging for silent cutscenes. Don't worry. They re-cast everyone for Heavensward and beyond.
Just get to 51 and equip 51 gear. There's a whole outdated endgame you do not want to have to deal with. Every old level cap will come with a pretty big stat gap to overcome. Just power past it and get into the next expansion's leveling gear.
DPS jobs often experience 30 minute queues. Also it's the middle of a work day. Not many people are playing right now.
Not quite. Exact melds are personal based on preferred rotations, specialists, and what you waqnt to do for tool melds both spec and non-spec. I personally went with a strong pentameld gearset with mostly unmelded tools (CP only) to save having to do 16 of them. Also technically BiS is all ornate with VIs in every slot, but that's unreasonable. Just hit the stat caps you want with regular onishi. Crafting isn't about BiS as much as it is about a comfortable endgame. There's a hard cap on quality, after all. All you need to do is hit it as easily and reliably as possible.
It's going to take some experimentation to fully optimize. There's a basic idea floating, but there are a couple minor variations in opener and thoughts on proper use of TCJ and charged kassatsu. It's going to depend a bit on how all the other jobs' rotations shake out for optimal 1st TA placement and overall burst/raid buff alignment.
Is any static even going to take you like that? You really shouldn't skip. Ease into it and raid once you're ready to stay on the bleeding edge of progression for an upcoming tier.
There's an official warning that they can purge inactive accounts at any time. There is a *risk* of them being deleted. Not sure how often it actually happens. It's not a fixed time limit.
I thought it was common for underleveled players on the NM train, since at low eLv they aren't doing much damage anyway, and surviving an AoE or unavoidable raidwide is much more useful.
Who uses HT2?
Why are you using brand of ice to begin with?
HT2 is 61, and it's really not worth using. Even before you have PT you should just do a normal HT rotation.
LB3 does 360k damage. Weakness is a 25% damage loss for 85-100 seconds depending on whether or not you have FC buff. That means you only need players with a combined 17k DPS for healer LB3 to be a gain even with FC buff on (it's a gain earlier with it off). Even with bad players, 3 is more than enough to make up for that. And that's ignoring that LB3 isn't actually a 360k damage gain thanks to the dropped uptime to cast it, or the quick response of an LB3 versus several manual raises in a row, and possible RDM potency lost in order to get quick raises out. Either way, heal LB3 can easily be a DPS gain.
&gt; the quick response of an LB3 versus several manual raises in a row
IT'S NOT EVEN WORTH CRAFTING YOURSELF. THE MB IS FLOODED WITH THEM FOR WELL BELOW THE COST OF THE RAW MATERIALS NEEDED TO CRAFT THEM.
IF A BIKINI CAN FUNCTION AS TANK ARMOR, THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR LOCKING GLAMOURS.
SHADOWSTINGERS?
That's the entire point of what I'm saying. Avoiding multiple weakness debuffs can easily be a DPS gain over a melee LB3.
Nope. There was vague talk about loot. Nothing confirmed. Just suspicion based on the tone of what was being said.
&gt; it means you can have infinity resurrection scrolls from the very beginning of the game. That would require an infinite gold source. And with no more "take all of an NPC's gold" exploits remaining unpatched (unless there is one left?) how can you afford it?
You said from the beginning of the game, but on Fort Joy, resources are tight. There's not that much to loot/sell, and an immediate need for books that drains whatever funds you come across.
It's 4 player co-op. Trying to organize a bit. Got one focusing lucky and myself bartering, and a 3rd pickpocketing (4th loremaster). But actually passing loot among us is the rough spot. Everyone rushes to loot everything, random valuables aren't always taken and passed to the barterer, and people just buy things instead of asking the barterer to buy for them and hand it over. Also, how far in the game does raising favor with NPCs via gifts become worthwhile? It has to be once the value of the trades you're attempting passes the amount of gold needed to get their favor up, but is there a rough breakpoint for when you'd do that? Just focus on 1 main NPC with tons of gold to raise and use to dump valuables on throughout a chapter?
EXP or no, it's an immediate stipend of scrips towards the new master books on top of the cap of scrips you're carrying.
Not only is it gone, but even when it was a thing that would have been a terrible idea.
You're paying to unlock something (mount speed) before other players. So how different would it be to also unlock max level GNB before other players? Both are early unlocks. What about paying to bypass tome cap? Everyone still **can** farm the gear, you just get it sooner. What if they restricted early access to only collector's edition purchases? Or offered a premium subscription for login queue priority during expansion launch? It all falls under the category of "other players can still get it, it just takes a while." That's my point. If you're complacent with one thing, it just leaves the door wide open for Squeenix to make more and more egregious cash grabs like this.
We're talking about the games industry here. The one that jumped form horse armor to on-disc DLC to mandatory season passes to straight up gambling lootboxes. They push their exploitative monetization in small increments. You cannot give them an inch. There need to be clear boundaries and definitions. Squeenix are the ones who forced paid skill unlocks into Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. This isn't unlike them. Mount speed unlocks are a part of progression, and this is skipping that progression.
DOS2:DE How do builds afford all of the dips needed for good combos? Like a necro build. Necro 3 hydro 3 is needed for blood storm, but you also need poly 5 for apotheosis to afford the storm-&gt;grasp combo. And that combo needs a lot of AP even with affinity, so you probably want to dip scoundrel 1 for adrenaline. But that build may also want pyro 1 for corpse explosion (haste and clear mind as possible bonuses), and aero 2 for teleport/nether swap for both mobility and corpse positioning. Maybe you skip aero and just make teleport scrolls for moving corpses (staff+ambidextrous for 1-cost)? But what, then, do you do for mobility yourself? 2 huntsman for tactical retreat (does the haste from that refund the 1 AP your next turn?), so you can also grab first aid to improve your decay damage/healing support, and cryotherapy so you have some more magic armor support available? A 2nd point in scoundrel just for cloak and dagger? Just phoenix dive everywhere? Seems counter-intuitive when you're trying to work with other surfaces. Rely on wings? The most natural fit but 2 AP the first turn you activate them for movement is rough. How do you make a build with enough room to stack warfare for damage?
HOW THE FUCK. I HAVE 1750 CONTROL. 3000 HARDCAP IS LESS THAN IQ8. HOW THE FUCK DO I EVEN DEAL WITH CURRENT RECIPES WHEN SCALING STOPS THAT EARLY? MUCH LESS FUTURE ONES IF THE NUMBERS KEEP INCREASING AS THEY HAVE BEEN. AND NO INNO. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK? AND HARDCAPPING PROGRESS ON TOP OF IT? IT MAY BE FINE FOR CURRENT RECIPES BUT SCALING BASICALLY STOPS AT 70. RS3 BETTER BE A FUCKING BEAST AND 100% UNDER SH2 IF THIS IS THE BULLSHIT THEY'RE GIVING US. IT'S BAD ENOUGH THEY'RE TURNING NIN INTO ONE GIANT GCD CLIP, DO THEY HAVE TO RUIN MY FUCKING CRAFTING TOO?
YOU'RE NOT ALSO UPSET? WHM STILL LOST AERO 3, AND THEY'RE GETTING NOTHING NEW EXCEPT FOR SOME RIPPED OFF BUTTWINGS FROM PLD.
*EDIT: JOB GUIDE SHOWS TRAITED POTENCIES. NO NEED FOR ALARM.* I JUST LOOKED AT THE RDM CHANGES. I DON'T GET IT. SCATTER IS LITERALLY USELESS. IMPACT IS COOL BUT WHEN SYNCED UNDER THE UPGRADE SCATTER IS 100% WORTHLESS. IT'S LESS MANA THAN JUST DUALCASTING VA2/VT2, AND FOR THE SAME POTENCY. THAT MUST BE A TYPO, RIGHT? IT HAS TO HAVE HIGHER POTENCY THAN A 2S SPELL.
I THINK THE POINT IS THEY WANT ALL THE NEW PLAYERS JOINING BECAUSE OF THE EXPANSION TO GO TO CRYSTAL.
It makes as much sense as veraero2 being weaker than veraero1. They are numbered but have very different purposes. If VI were instead called "high materia I" then VII would be "materia VI" and VIII would be "high materia II". It's 2 different purposes being filled.
And VII is like V being the pentameld filler materia. VIII is like VI being guaranteed and +1 slots only. They are 2 entirely different things.
GET THE HAT. **BE** THE NAMAZU.
Raw amount per run? No. Trusts will just be slower than players. So it is worse, but only because of the speed.
MISERY IS... I DON'T GET IT. I GUESS IF THE FIGHTS GET **REALLY** HEALING INTENSIVE TO WHERE MANY HEALING GCDS ARE UNAVOIDABLE IT CAN BE GOOD? THE PROBLEM IS THAT IT'S ONLY 900 POTENCY AND COSTS 4 GCDs TO CAST. I GUESS IF THE FIGHT HAS LOTS OF DOWNTIME THEN IT'S GOOD, USING DOWNTIME HEALING TO CHARGE AN OFFENSIVE GCD.
AH I FOUND THE PROBLEM. IT'S HIDDEN IN THE 78 TRAIT WITH THE C6 CD DECREASE. AN ODD PLACE TO PUT IT, BUT AT LEAST IT MAKES SENSE THAT THEY HAVE A LOWER POTENCY UNTIL WELL AFTER YOU UNLOCK IMPACT.
Source? Because I've been dreading the forced raitons/hyoshos since the media tour tooltips got out. That kind of design needs a fix to mudra delays to work, and there were no signs of one.
I COUNT THE MISERY CAST ITSELF AS 300 TO BE THE SAME AS GLARE, SINCE THAT'S THE DEFAULT POTENCY OF AN OFFENSIVE CAST. THAT MAKES EACH HEALING AFLATUS SPELL EARN A 200 POTENCY REFUND ONCE MISERY IS CAST.
Looks like the dataminers got played then. Those aren't the real values now that we have the launch
"Raid" is used as a very loose term officially. It's split into 2 parts. 8-man raids, and 24-man alliance raids. 24-mans are just giant dungeons and you should queue for them. lv60 70 and 80 raids are split into normal and savage. You should queue for normal. They are no harder than any normal trial fight ("hard" trials count as normal. Naming conventions were a bit broken back then. They stopped later.) Savage is made for coordinated groups. You'll need time to learn each fight, either through PF or a static, if you want to do it synced. Old savage tends to be dead content (nobody running it synced anymore). You can find PFs to unsync it and just stomp through for rewards. The 50 raid (coils) was not created as normal/savage. Instead it launched as what we now consider savage and got nerfed over time to a weird midpoint. They did release a "savage" 2nd coil which was basically just reverting the nerfs, and laid the groundwork for actual story/savage split in future expansions. Either way, don't queue for that. You can unsync it pretty easily in PF. And finally, there is one scene which is currently doing the otherwise "dead" content of synced coils and Alex savage. And that's BLU parties. Mostly statics but there is an occasional PF to attempt it. But you need to be a fully kitted BLU.
Bahamut? Everything. Many at 70. Hell, 60s 2-manned it. Nael is the one more limited to 80s, but a solid handful can solo her as well.
&gt; i'm not surprised he had no idea what it was let alone have it on his bar. It's put on your bar by default as any combat class/job. You would have to remove it manually.
Don't worry, starting from content made in patch 3.4 cliffs respawn your corpse on the platform to be revived. (Maybe 3.3? I've never seen anyone fall on the boss of Sohr Khai to know if you respawn). You only have one more trial with a no-respawn cliff to worry about, the 3.2 one.
So the tank picking up 11 vuln stacks is just trying to sell them on the stack market?
The only thing is to avoid crystal if you want to do hardcore raids, since it has the lowest hardcore population. Every DC has an unofficial RP server. PvP I'm not sure on.
Cool? I called it the frackton of minions back then. There are way too many long-ass trash pulls padding that thing out.
Yes, get the crafting mats. You need so many of them to build airships and subs. Ventures are better gained through allied seals.
&gt; or on yourself, if no ranged DPS is present Please prioritize the WHM over yourself if you're ever forced to use a ranged card on a healer.
The requirement is actually doing the lv10 class quest for your starting class, not being lv10. Then you can go to any guild and pick up the quest to unlock that class. It's easier if you do the lv15 MSQ first to unlock travel to all 3 starting cities.
You're doing something very wrong if you have 2 hour queues. DPS queues are 15 minutes on average. Are you playing at 6 AM or something? Do you have your language settings set to something obscure?
Doesn't matter. Being familiar with normal won't really help you in savage. The most it can do is give you some hints about how mechanics work for blind prog, but you're not doing blind prog. Watch a guide and start from E1S as it is the easiest fight in the tier.
YEAH I JUST CHECKED THE JOB GUIDE (SWITCHED IT TO GERMAN) AND FEURA IS F2. (GERMAN USES CLASSIC FF -RA-GA SUFFIXES WITH -KA AS THEIR 4) NO BLM SHOULD EVER USE F2 BEYOND 68 WHEN YOU CAN DOUBLE-FLARE. THE ONLY QUESTION IS HOT/COLD FLARES, WHICH I THINK IS A MATTER OF MOB DENSITY.
&gt; WAS DOING A RUN OF E4S CUZ FARM AND PARSE. WHICH WAS IT? FARM OR PARSE? IF IT WAS FARM YOUR COMPLAINT IS LEGIT. CLEARING IS THE GOAL, KEEP IT SAFE. IF IT WAS PARSE THEN TRYING TO PUSH THE ABSOLUTE LIMITS IS THE POINT AND THE HEALERS WERE FAIR TO ATTEMPT IT THAT WAY.
&gt; THE MENTOR REQUIREMENTS UPDATE IS NOT ENOUGH IT'S TOO MUCH OF THE WRONG THING IS THE PROBLEM. ALL THE GOOD MENTOR DPS MAINS ARE OUT AND ALL THE BAD MENTOR IMPATIENT SALTY HEALER MAINS ARE STILL IN. SO YOU'RE STUCK WITH A HIGHER CONCENTRATION OF ASSHOLES. COMMENDS WERE NEVER A GOOD REQUIREMENT. SAVAGE CLEARS ISN'T RIGHT EITHER. IT WOULD GUARANTEE COMPETENCE BUT THAT'S ALL. ONE PLAYER'S COMPETENCE CAN'T CARRY AN INSTANCE ALONE, AND SAYS NOTHING FOR THE ATTITUDE.
IN A PARSE RUN EVERYONE GOES FOR FULL OPTIMAL DPS AND THE GROUP AGREES TO WIPE OVER ANY PLAYER'S MISTAKE SO EVERYONE CAN HAVE A GOOD PARSE ON THE EVENTUAL CLEAR. EVERYONE GREEDS EVERYTHING THEY CAN, FULL COMPLEX/RISKY UPTIME STRATS. THE HEALERS MISJUDGED HEALING/MITIGATION, BUT TRYING TO PUSH THE LIMITS AND CUT IT LOW WAS THE CORRECT WAY TO GO ABOUT A PARSE RUN. VERSUS A FARM RUN WHERE CONSISTENT CLEARING IS THE GOAL AND SAFETY IS #1 PRIORITY TO GET AS MANY CLEARS IN THE TIME AS POSSIBLE, SINCE A LONGER PULL BEATS A WIPE AND A SHORT PULL FOR TIME EFFICIENCY (UNLESS THE WIPE IS SUPER EARLY).
WITH LIKE A ~7 SECOND ANIMATION LOCK, THE BAD TENDS TO COME EVEN IF IT WASN'T THERE BEFORE. HEALERS, PLEASE WATCH YOUR LBING MELEES WHEN YOU HEAR THE SOUND AND BE READY TO RESCUE THEM.
I REFUSE TO TOUCH HEALER UNTIL THEY DO 2 THINGS. 1: ADD A MODERN DUAL-TARGETING SYSTEM. THERE'S NO EXCUSE NOT TO. WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO TARGET AN ENEMY AND ALLY SIMULTANEOUSLY. 2: ADD A RANGED PHYSICAL HEALER. BECAUSE I REALLY HATE CASTERS, AND I DOUBT THEY'D DO A MELEE HEALER.
RULE 1 OF XIV AS A WHOLE IS ALWAYS BE CASTING. BLM TAKES THAT VERY LITERALLY, SPENDING THE ENTIRE TIME LOCKED INTO A CAST BAR. THIS MAKES IT VERY DIFFICULT TO MOVE, ESPECIALLY AT LOWER LEVELS BEFORE THEY GET TOOLS LIKE TRIPLECAST AND XENOGLOSSY. MY GUESS IS YOUR PROBLEM IS MORE ABOUT LOW UPTIME THAN A BAD ROTATION. MAYBE TRY A RANGED PHYSICAL? YOU CAN FOCUS MORE ON KEEPING YOUR UPTIME WITH MOVEMENT BEING MORE NATURAL AND FREE TO DO SIMULTANEOUSLY WITH YOUR ACTIONS.
I FIND SETTING VISUAL EFFECTS TO FULL FOR YOUR PARTY ONLY IS A GOOD COMPROMISE SO YOU DON'T NEED TO SWITCH BACK AND FORTH.
It entirely depends what you're after and what route you're running. https://ffxiv-voyage-wixsite-com.filesusr.com/html/9e18a6_039f6b84c882dc12c32e9612f39fe5e2.html Just make sure to look up your surv and favor breakpoints to find what you want and double dip. Hit those as close as you can and distribute the rest between speed (aim for just a little under a whole day threshold for your route) and retrieval for things that can come in stacks, like a 13-17 materia farm.
There's really not much difference in speed. MNK has a low GCD but very few oGCDs. DRG is the only melee without a haste but has tons of jumps and buffs to weave. They work out to very similar CPMs.
Left side of the screen. Every mob you have any amount of aggro on shows up there. Red means aggro. If it drops to any other color you lost aggro and need to get it back. You can click directly on that list to target
For now keep the DoT up, spam heavy as a filler, and straight when it procs. BL on CD. 2 mobs DoT both before QN. 3+ just QN spam. Later on she'll get her song rotation, IJ as an easy double DoT refresh, and some other stuff. She'll want to learn a proper opener at this point, but mainly it's just following the song rotation, keeping DoTs up with IJ, and hitting things on cd as they flow from the opener. AoE at high levels is mostly DoT to comfort (2-4) for procs before QN spam. I'm ot 100% on AoE song rotation (AP 2nd to flow between ST and AoE? 20 or 30?). All I can say for sure is MB is the main AoE song for insane RoD spam. AoE variants (like RoD) beat ST at 2+ targets.
&gt; am i supposed to be spending 95% of my time just healing the tank? No. But the portion of your time spent healing is higher at low levels (since your kit is still very limited), and when you or the tank is undergeared (taking too much/healing too little). If you're really spending 95% of the time spamming heals just to keep the tank alive at **any** level then there's probably a gear issue somewhere. That or they're really stretching the size of the pull, which will push you into pure healing to keep up (ideally made up for by good AoE damage from your DPS). &gt; is it okay if i do little to no attacking? No. Do as much as possible. That may be a low amount for now based on the previous question, but damage is your #2 priority after prevent deaths. Excess healing that doesn't prevent deaths is wasted. As you get more used to healing you'll learn to recognize the right amount, what healing is being wasted, and be able to convert that into damage instead. &gt; i mainly keep my eye on the party health bars on the UI. is that a bad habit because im paying less attention to the actual fight and where my character is? Yeah, situational awareness is important. A lot of healers move their UI around to keep the party bar more centered so they can easily see it while focusing on the fight. &gt; the big issue is if the tank dies. i cant seem to get them res-ed while keeping myself let alone the dps-ers alive. how do i pull this off? can i map swiftcast+res to a key or smth? Do not attempt to macro swift+res together. It just adds delay. Just get the swift res going as soon as you can and be ready to top them off once they're up. &gt; how important is equipment? im in mostly velveteen equip rn. i rarely get hurt but my casting speed seems slow Important. Especially your weapon. Don't worry about substats right now. Just get a level-appropriate weapon (for w.dmg) and don't let your gear fall too far behind (for the MND). &gt; if i get aggro-ed, is it because im healing too much or because the tank isnt doing their job? is there anything i can do about it besides running? If you regen the tank while they're pulling and they miss tagging a mob it will aggro you. You can avoid regens until the tank plants the pull, or just accept it. **Do not run away with aggro**. Run ***towards*** the tank so they can take it off you. If you're pulling beyond the occasional stray mob, check 2 things. Make sure the tank has their stance on (remind them if they don't), and make sure you're not overhealing. &gt; if the party is separated is it okay to just stick with the tank because i feel like theyre the only one keeping me alive? (its like the tank and healer have this deeply codependent mutual-babysitter relationship while the dps are just out here chilling and fucking shit up. is that how this is supposed to work???) Why is the party split up? Yes stick with the tank, the tank should be pulling all the mobs for everyone to kill. Even if, say, the tank is going slowly and the DPS decide to extend a bit to grab extra mobs, don't run ahead with them. They will be bringing them back to the tank. The tank is where everything happens. Or do you mean where to actually physically stand? Stand behind the boss with the party. The tank is facing the bad stuff away from there to make a safe zone for you guys. You do *not* want to share the hits he's taking.
The worst part is when 2 of them stunlock you from 100-0.
Can anyone explain hokutos to me? Is the buff really applied per damage source? That doesn't sound right. It seems like it would make more sense for it to create a buffer of bonus damage that fills at the stated rate and drains on each hit to apply that much extra to the hit. That way the stated DPS would be consistent across different swing speeds. If it's per source, how does it account for different swing speeds/fire rates? If it's really per-source then sinew slicer should be the most broken base thing with it since it applies 6 separate bleed instances per second, and with affixes a poison on hit quick bow or owl would be, with quick bow applying 5 instances per second, but ramping up (not accounting for ammo) to up to 30 stacks (unless there's a hard-cap?), vs the slicer's cap of 9.
The usual suggestion is to buy Ironworks gear as soon as you hit 50. Why? Because once you're 50 you can earn poetics on your own for shire/scaevan at 60/70. But when first reaching that point you won't have any yet.
Only background NPCs get chat bubbles.
Please give me Orbonne. Anything but another fucking LotA.
That's still a **lot** of runs. I've already explored every biome and I think I've found the "secret" in each of them (except the moonflower keys and where to put the secret key in the caverns). And those bars are just going up so slowly. And the worst part is how cells are the only resource shared between them and the actual unlocks. My desire for forge upgrades is going to keep my item pool so tiny (which I guess is good if the stuff I'm not getting is useless? But also makes the game feel kind of stale with the low variety).
I'm on 4BC now and still only at 25% ++. That's less than the 0BC forge can be upgraded to.
I feel like I'm just progressing too fast in the BSC count. Like the game wants you to end up grinding it out as you attempt to win a run. But the problem is how the difficulty curve works out. You either die within the first 3 levels and make no forge progress, or you get a good build going and smash through the entire run. 4BC might be slightly more likely to kill you further in because of malaise, but I can't say that for sure until I try it out.
I wouldn't put a hard lock on it. think of all the sprouts who over-level with the preferred world bonus. It should be a soft-limit. If you're below the minimum recommended iLv for your job level you only earn poetics. Those are useful to people legit stuck working through story content or trying to catch-up gear an alt.
OH DEAR GOD PLEASE DO NOT WEAR NQ 115. THAT'S EQUIVALENT TO AROUND i109 ARMOR AND AN i99 WEAPON IN STATS. WHICH IS VERY SIGNIFICANT BECAUSE THE STATS GROW RAPIDLY AT THOSE iLVs.
HOW IS BEING FORCED INTO AN EXTRA-LONG GCD DIFFERENT FROM CLIPPING TO YOU? THEY FUCKED UP THE NIN REWORK. IT WAS GREAT BEFORE AND NOW IT'S JUST PAINFUL WITH ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO DO BETWEEN TAs.
If you want to stop and enjoy the scenery, get a full premade. Unless you're in one of the awkward ARR dungeons, max pulls are never a danger. And often are walled at 2 groups anyway. It's the default pace, and by trying to disrupt that pace you are hindering the gameplay experience of those PUGs.
Owl's targeting range is pretty limited to try to force you into danger. And if you're running hokuto that probably means you don't have a shield. I'm just not sure why the hokuto is necessary in the scenario you described. +100% poison owl with a poison turret by itself would be great DPS, what's a small extra tick from hokuto going to do for it?
I think the 20 is too easy to abuse to enable achievements, especially with shop categories being a thing. Category shopping should be disabled (auto-picks random) unless you have 4+ options in each category (could have weapons be category and skills auto-random if needed, for example), and a minimum of 6 per type (weapons/skills). Numbers are not exact but something to enforce at least a little variety.
Hokuto bonus is less than a similar primary would be able to deal (in this example it's only half the non-crit of the dagger). It's nice, but not game-breaking. And I still don't know exactly how it applies. It seems like it can be nice with a good primary to boost your output since it adds its damage passively while you dedicate your actual attacks to your primary (basically adding an extra half a weapon to your attacks), but with skills in play it gets a bit less clear. Plus, again, the lack of defensive options if you do combine it with a primary, or the lackluster nature of the slot if you use it *as* your primary compared to what a real weapon could output.
That's a pretty dramatic difference with the repeater trap to no trap. The crits shouldn't make that much of a difference, it's only around a 2.3x base bonus. Even with super crit affix it's still only around 2.8x. But you're hitting over 6x while rooted. Does the trap (and hokuto) bonus apply before crits? Even still trap damage bonus shouldn't be anywhere near that high. Its base bonus is only 1/4 the repeater's non-crit. Something else is going on here. Can anyone help explain what's going on with those crits?
Isn't ramparts 3/2? All levels on the same tier should have an equal amount of full scrolls (fragments differ). Ossuary has the 2BC curse chest as one of its 5.
Don't worry much about self-healing unless you're trying to solo certain older content unsynced. This is a party focused game, so anything aside from "free" self healing/mitigation is usually time better spent DPSing as long as the actual healers are alive and able to take care of it. But it is worth knowing your "free" options, since those can be a good help to your healers if used well, and the not-so-free options in case you do want to solo that old content or run into a real emergency. All physical jobs get second wind, a small heal, and melees additionally get bloodbath, a physical lifesteal. Melees get feint to reduce a boss' physical damage, and casters get addle to reduce magic damage. Ranged each have unique actions with the same effect that reduces the party's damage taken. DRG gets some incidental healing from life surge, but it's used as a DPS buff, not because of the heal. MNK has mantra which increases the healing received by the entire party to help the healers out. NIN has shade shift which gives them a personal shield. SAM has third eye which reduces their damage taken if timed well. When triggered, they enable the use of a more efficient gauge spender for damage, or a self heal. The damage is basically always the correct option. Again, DPS need to DPS. A DPS wasting potential damage to heal is horribly inefficient unless you're soloing content and need it to survive. BRD has warden's paean which cleanses a debuff or creates a shield that blocks the next debuff on one target. They also have nature's minne which increases one party member's healing received by a large amount. Great for putting on a tank who's about to take a lot of damage so the healers have an easier time. MCH has nothing special outside of the generic ranged defense buff. DNC has curing waltz which is a small AoE heal around themselves and their dance partner (if you're close together both heals will hit), and their channeled improvisation also increases the party's healing received, but that's only used during downtime. BLM has manaward, a personal shield. SMN puts an incidental regen on the party when summoning phoenix, more for thematic effect than an actual heal. They do have a self shield on Titan, but should never summon Titan as it is a terrible DPS option. Again, soloing content maybe if it lets you survive, but never in a party. And of course because of weird split-job arcanist stuff with SCH they're stuck with physick, but that's never meant to be pressed by a SMN ever. And RDM, of course, has vercure. Which, of course, should never be used in place of damage. Although it does give them the highest sustaining power for that solo content. Also unlike most of the other non-free things mentioned here, it can be used wisely and even as a DPS increase. During downtime when the boss is invulnerable, it's not a DPS loss to cast, and can be used to prepare a dualcast to use against the boss when it does become vulnerable again. And, of course, SMN and RDM both can res. This can be a lot more helpful and worth doing. You save your healers a big chunk of mana, and can rapidly respond when their swiftcasts are down. Oh also I guess BLU is a thing, but they're BLU. Normal rules don't apply to them.
PLD facing her in to split ice brand and the BLM is nowhere to be found. Sounds about right.
They scale with survival up to 25% base, and tonic/vampire can have a reforge that heals you an extra 15% when using them.
SB tried to do 2 halves of a story, and one of the halves felt a bit rushed and unfocused. SHB is generally regarded much more highly. Also SB is often called HW 2.0 since it rehashes a lot of the structure from HW as an expansion. SHB does a little too but manages to keep it a bit more interesting. Both SB and SHB do a good job with the characters. People tend to rank SHB&gt;HW&gt;SB&gt;ARR.
70 NIN can solo up through T6 unsynced. Put up a PF and advertise FTB. You'll find people quickly and be able to blitz the whole thing unsynced. You only need a couple.
Your quest crafts should be super easy to 0-100. No HQ components needed.
Exactly what they say. Manipulation raises the durability by 5 after every step (even ones where you didn't spend any). WN(2) reduces the durability cost of actions by half (and disables PT).
There are 55 belts, but that's it. The vendor outside Moghome should have those along with other 55 left side gear.
Not bloated. They've been trimming each expansion, so current 80s have about the same number of buttons as HW 60s. This means 50 can be quite bare bones for some jobs, while others fill up early and just upgrade skills to stronger versions later on. As a tip, you can hotkey skills you don't have yet. Set up your full skill bars how you eventually want them to be organized, so that you don't need to re-learn muscle memory for where things are after getting more skills that might make you want to move earlier stuff around.
GNB has about the same as DRK. Tanks as a whole have incredibly similar kits.
You were lv19 while inside the dungeon.
Steam link? I think Valve stopped making them but you can get one off ebay.
All gear can be glamour gear if you like how it looks.
Sac pull to 1st boss, double missile. Double missile the gold vine, mop up the trash and the 2 wandering wasps (maybe 1 SD here?). LoS skip into coincounter and double missile. Final leg I'm least sure on, but any SD not used then can do a final sting YOLOpener on the final boss which should take it down quickly. You do get 4 SD/FS per run, it resets when you requeue. May as well use them to speed things up.
It's still SB spoilers. 4.4 or 4.5 reveal. Don't remember exactly which.
The character was introduced in post-SB patch story cutscenes, only slightly ahead of where you are (and on the side so it doesn't really interact with your current story). You're nearly there to get some context.
Mudfish has fastconnect mode which acts as a proxy server so you can begin your animation delays as if you had 0 ping. Definitely helps.
Just to practice dodging for a while? Not really.
&gt;I get the theory (Jolt for dualcast, Veraero/thunder, stone/fire as they proc, get to 80 mana, **corps-a-corps in**, melee combo, **displace out**, repeat. Wrong. These are oGCDs with potency and need to be used on cooldown. Make melee range your default position. DP moves you away, and CaC moves you back. And remember DP is a double-weave by itself because of the long animation lock, so don't try putting them together. Anyway, for keybinds, I personally do jolt stone and fire as 123 with aero/thunder as 4/5 (white to the left of black like on the gauge, and dualcasts always move from left to right along the hotbar). Shift 123 melee, shift 4 reprise. AoE is A2 T2 scatter on ctrl 123, moulinet on ctrl 4. oGCDs fill in elsewhere
EX aren't all retellings. That used to be reserved for TMB, but SB just put all their EX there and SHB seems to be following the same pattern. Except Rathalos EX which is just, "You've done it your way, now try in a traditional 4 hunter squad." The ARR ones are all "they summoned it again," and the HW ones are a more interesting ancient allagan battle simulation of the primals if they escaped at full force (the leveling story ones are just "they summoned it again") I hope the weapons don't send us to the Kugane WM. Let us plug in battle schematics for the weapons at peak operating capacity or something.
I was against the UWU triggers myself, but ok with the Nael "translations." The whole thing is a gray area and it's hard to know where to draw the line.
Plus if you just level a BLU you'll be swimming in allied seals and can just buy them normally.
You can have 4 of each. Only 4 vessels total may be deployed at a time. Sub slots are unlocked in the unidentified derilict, wreckage of discovery 1, and purgatory.
Macros don't queue. oGCDs pressed normally are really good about queuing to ride the animation lock. And yeah, just don't use merciful eyes in general.
It's slow to build up to, and the time spent ramping into it could have been spent ramping into something equally impactful in most situations.
Please don't. If you have to ask that kind of question you are nowhere near ready to mentor people on the crafting system.
Normally I would say b4b. But now I just want 5.08 NIN back. Just as a whole. If I had to pick one element from it, it would be oGCD mudras.
Azys Lla from 1 works, just get them sardine first, and make sure you're using melee mobs (and sprites if you can 1-shot them)
It's a tank's job to stay ahead of the group and pull mobs. If someone else pulls ahead, that's doing the tank's job for them. Maybe it's because they're just *really* eager, but usually it's only possible to pull ahead when the tank is not doing a good enough job of it themselves. The tank is meant to "lead" in a literal sense (being in front and moving first), but they do not command the party. They have no special privilege or authority. They simply have a job to do, which they can either perform, or fail to perform.
You have time. It was already free before, and now it's like 5x faster. Level them all.
11 classes. 8 DoH and 3 DoL. And you generally do want them going at a roughly even pace. Crafters need materials. Gatherers can get those materials at similar levels to when the crafters need them. Gatherers need gear. Crafters can make that gear around that same level that gatherers can equip it. It's not hard. It wasn't hard before. With the EXP buff, it went from fast to ludicrous.
I can agree with definitely going slow and breaking off for side content. The problem most people have with 2.x is burnout from trying to grind out 100+ story quests in a row, blazing through dialog, and making most of your time spent on the dull fetch-questing element. If you go slow, take in the story, and break for side activities it's a much nicer experience.
Dailies and leves. Grinding was never for leveling, the EXP was just incidental to getting what you need for materials to actually use. Collectibles take over leves once you can do those effectively and have access to a good rotation of unspoiled nodes. I think those unlock 1 level earlier than before so you can see the 60s at 55 instead of 56. Just make sure your perception is up to an appropriate level, and you meld to hit the 600GP threshold at 57 when you get SM to make use of it.
Do you think so? I don't think it was. I think it was well paced to give you enough time to learn, and keep the daily grind small just focusing on dailies and a small handful of leves.
\#1 only shows up in 2 cases. Multiple-party content (your party does not have aggro), or during unique mechanics like V10S hot tail where the tethered player takes active aggro and the tank just becomes #1 for a moment. Or Livia's magitek armor that just aggros the last player to cannon blast her. The numbers are the order of aggro from your target enemy, with #1 being the most #2 being 2nd most, etc. But the player with aggro on them is replaced with an A. As for DPS, it does correlate somewhat. Aggro is based on DPS and healing done, and modified by tank stance and ranged tank skills. They also have shirk and provoke to manipulate it further. This means that tanks should always be highest, healers are hard to judge, and DPS mostly rank in order of the raw DPS they are doing, with a slight offset for things like second wind. But it's just a loose ranking with the size of the aggro bars being an estimate for relative comparison. But that is raw DPS so expect jobs like BLM and SAM to be higher up while jobs with raid buffs contribute partially in ways raw DPS won't attribute to them.
Not much. You can sell night pegasus and dodo whistles. Maybe Eureka minions/mounts. You need to go into the **deep** grinds to find tradeable things through combat that people want to buy instead of get themselves. And the only part of that you can "technically" do at low level is PotD night pegasus whistles. But I would not call that a new player activity by any stretch. Crafting/gathering has much better money making options at lower levels, mostly gathering to grind out bulk orders of common materials high level crafters still use. It's a slow but consistent income.
WT and F&amp;C are GCDs. They make it so that you have a 4-5 hit combo depending on your level instead of the usual 3. HT was a flank, but that got removed. At 80 you have a simple looping 10 GCD cycle. The focus is on your oGCDs. Weaving your jumps properly and lining up LotD to be able to pop during future raid buff windows.
Progression? Facet is the next step up. Meld up your dwarven set to comfortable stats, farm up the materials for facet, and just craft it.
And a sacred bark.
She struggles against the heart. I ended up winning only with double [[omniscience]] into 2x [[talk to the hand]], and I think 2 [[mental fortress]] as well. Using a mainly calm/empty deck with a few [[pressure point]]s for scaling damage. [[empty fist]] [[fear no evil]] and [[cut through fate]] as my main procs on the block return and chip damage, with unfortunately not many [[flurry of blows]]
It's not illegal but it would be seen as kind of douchy.
OH. THEN DON'T. NO NEED TO TA TRASH. DOTON-&gt;HIDE AS YOU ENGAGE THE PULL SO YOU HAVE DOUBLE KATONS AND GOKKA TO BURN IT DOWN WITH (PLUS TCJ IF IT SURVIVES). THE DOTON WILL TICK YOU INTO COMBAT BEFORE YOU COULD TA BUT HAVING AN EXTRA FREE DOTON IN AoE IS WAY BETTER. EVEN IF YOU CLIP IT A BIT WITH FuKaDo TCJ, THE EXTRA TICKS ARE GREAT.
I HAD THAT HAPPEN ONCE. BUT IT WASN'T A FULL WIPE. I USED ARM'S LENGTH.
&gt; AND SCREW HEALERS WHO USE THEIR ROLE AS AN EXCUSE TO EFFECTIVELY BE COMATOSE. WHITE MAGE WITH SEVERAL JOBS AT 70+, YOU’RE NOT FOOLING ANYONE WHEN YOU PRETEND NERO AND ULTIMA WEAPON DEAL SO MUCH UNPREDICTABLE SPIKE DAMAGE YOU NEED TO RUN AROUND AND FIDGET BETWEEN BURSTS OF CURE I SPAM. FEEL SOME FUCKING SHAME WHEN YOU SEE YOUR COHEALER USING STONE, AERO, AND HOLY BIT OFF-TOPIC BUT THAT'S WHAT I LOVE ABOUT BLU. AFTER YOUR OPENER AND EVERY 2 MINUTES YOU GET 15 SECONDS OF JUMPING AROUND AND EMOTE SPAM. **AND IT'S A DPS GAIN.** I CAN FIT THE MANDERVILLE INTO AN ACTUAL ROTATION.
&gt; THE FIRST OCCASION WAS A HEALER WHO KEPT RESCUE-PULLING ME FORWARD, ONLY TO THEN RIDE THE ELEVATOR DOWN BY HERSELF, LEAVING THE OTHER THREE OF US TO WAIT. I ASKED "HEY, WHY?" AND GOT NO RESPONSE. SO THE RESCUE WAS TRYING TO EXPLAIN (WITHOUT WORDS FOR SOME REASON) THAT YOU DON'T NEED TO TANK THE MOBS IN THAT HALLWAY. UNLIKE MOST DUNGEON MOBS, THEY HAVE A LEASH RANGE. ONCE YOU STEP IN THE ELEVATOR THEY DROP AGGRO. SAME WITH HALF OF THE PULL AT THE BOTTOM. THE OTHER HALF OF WHICH YOU MAY AS WELL ALSO NOT KILL AND JUST KITE AROUND WHILE YOUR PARTY TELEPORTS YOU INTO THE BOSS ROOM. EARLY DUNGEONS ARE BROKEN AND THERE ARE A LOT OF GOOD TIME SAVES THAT ARE EASY TO PULL OFF.
Hopefully you aren't actually trying to triple-weave them. That would be horrible.
Funny how the FSH-exclusive sand is the slowest to farm, but FSH is the fastest at farming the non-exclusive sands.
You just right click a reducible collectible and hit reduce. 8/8 (550+) is the best chances at a bigger stack of sands, but I think 5/8 (450+) is the minimum for any chance of sand. Aim for 8/8, obviously. That's 2x IA2 (103) and 2x DE MA (172) to hit 550 exactly. SM/DE based on your IA procs, but you can also use the IA to fish early and see if a particular spawn is worth spending GP on at all. 4 appraisal rotation obviously needs a UC as well. Again, respawn the node for a good bonus if you can while recovering GP.
It's not as bad as previous expansions for sure, especially if you make good use of preserved slaps.
The ideal way to level crafting/gathering is all together at the same pace. There's a huge amount of cross-reliance, and it's best to stay self-sufficient.
stuffed=padding. Padding your fflogs. Makes sense.
It's normal mode. The problem is the people you get put with.
I can generally make [a set of gear for myself when a new raid comes out, with a small stack of food and pots] in [a day of work, however long that is, including figuring out stats, minimums, and breakpoints, melding up my crafting set, and farming any new master books needed]
With the current state of caster balance, it's favoring SMN for everything. It's way overtuned, while RDM is pathetically dumpstered. Hopefully 5.2 balance patch fixes that.
Of course you attack. The pet just adds extra damage. Plus you have egi assault spells where your attack is to command the pet to use a more powerful ability. And what do you mean by most are instant? You unlock most of your instant/movement options later on, starting with dreadwyrm trance. Outside of that you're going to be spamming a lot of ruin as your filler spell.
Yes, there are 2 other common strats. O3 Y sides (yellow drop down left/right, orange find the 3 safe spots), and O North where orange marks go North, yellow tank/healer drops to the side (South), and yellow DPS is the only player who needs to adjust and find the area with 3 safe spots.
1 per 3 instances is the average I see as DPS. And those are exactly the reasons.
At 99th percentile BLM is ahead only on E2S. You are looking at **rDPS** right?
Note the corrections. It's apparently still useful since UI is needed to activate umbral soul, but that's a case-by-case basis and not part of the continued rotation.
It's definitely not the only reason, but using feathers as soon as you get them is not ideal. There's a reason you can hold 4. If you were meant to spend them right away you wouldn't need to hold more than 1. Hold them for raid buffs. If nothing else make sure you have a bunch ready for your own tech windows.
I just use a TN panel for the high refresh rate and low response time.
No. You can pay one to make you a levekit (the leve turn-ins you need to level your own crafters). Not sure what the standard price is after the exp buff.
I suspect the entire armoire uses less data than 1 slot of dresser space. That's not going to happen.
No. Facet is the crafting gear used to make the 5.2 raid gear. 5.3 will add new crafting gear to use for the 5.4 raid gear.
I just use shift+1234 (4 jutsu)
BRD relies on maintaining 2 DoTs, so in things like PotD or open world where mobs have next to no health you can't really use a big part of your damage, especially single-target. Versus something like MCH which is more up-front burst damage on cooldowns like drill which benefit even more in PotD because it comes back up in the downtime as you move between mobs/rooms. You need to compare more realistic scenarios. Dungeon trash and actual boss fights. BRD has really good AoE, especially if you can set up a few DoTs into MB for constant RoD procs. And on boss fights you can use your full single-target. Which is still a bit weaker than other jobs but only by a small amount. Nothing you'll notice without parsing it.
Well, at a minimum it makes sense not to put casters (dps or healer depending which cycle) in the 1st square which needs to move twice. So Y1O2Y3 or Y1Y2O3 make the most sense. And I think spot 2 is just faster/easier to figure out for casters to save uptime, since you just start diagonal to the ground marker for the first explosion, rather than needing to think which square is CCW of it.
I'd argue the opposite, that it teaches patience. "Don't heal now. Wait for them to get even lower so this button can get even bigger."
I'm wondering if maybe it only spawns an enemy if you died on your last run? And the number of cells it drops is the number you lost? It would fit the reference.
You gotta practice his patterns more. The only attack that's a real pain is the stab-&gt;slam. Comes out way too fast, and his entire body being an active hitbox in the air is really unfair. The rest are simple to dodge.
Dash is always double after the adds (2nd adds on 0BC). Just make sure you dodge it twice.
It really is trash. There's no avoiding that. CP is the king stat, so being unable to meld it makes a lot of scrip pieces completely worthless. Often you even need craft+control food just to hit minimum stats for a recipe. That's never going to go well. Gathering scrip gear isn't nearly as bad. It's still *worse* than melded gear and can't hit a number of breakpoints, but it still *works*. Since it's gathering, all it can do is slow you down. In crafting it can make you fail completely.
It's more for dealing with certain enemy clusters that can be really problematic if they all start attacking at once. Trying to go rambo is often a death wish once malaise is involved. No amount of rally health and red/green mutations can power through that. You need to only engage what you know you can effectively parry/stun/kill without getting hit. And sometimes that means baiting out certain enemies to more favorable ground. I don't play custom. I use what the game gives me, and sometimes that means I need to get more creative to deal with certain enemy types.
Except holding space is the mantling keybind.
How do you do that? Bait it near then use stagger ults and bombs?
&gt; DO I SERIOUSLY HAVE TO JUST OUT LEVEL AND OUT GEAR THESE QUESTS? OF COURSE YOU DON'T. YOU JUST NEED TO CONSIDER YOUR ROTATION A BIT MORE. READ YOUR TOOLTIPS, PLAN OUT YOUR USAGE, AND REACT WELL TO PROCS. IT'S PERFECTLY WITHIN YOUR REACH.
&gt; NO ONE HAS AOE BUT... BUT YOU DO. ALSO WHO CARES ABOUT AoE? IT'S COPPERBELL. NEARLY EVERYTHING IS SKIPPABLE. AND THEY HIT LIKE WET NOODLES. YOU DON'T EVEN NEED A TANK. AND HAUKKE? THAT WAS SHITTY OF YOU. YOU WOULD HAVE HAD TO INTENTIONALLY STOP SPAMMING OVERWHELM TO NOT PULL THOSE OFF THE MNK. SERIOUS DICK MOVE. PLUS, AGAIN, WHY ARE YOU FIGHTING ANYTHING IN THE BASEMENT? IT'S HAUKKE NORMAL. JUST KITE THE HALLWAY, HAVE A DPS KITE THE KEY ROOM, OTHER DPS GRAB KEY, AND HEALER ENTER THE 2ND BOSS AND PULL WITH DPS #2. TELEPORT IN AFTER 15 SECONDS. SORRY BUT EVERYTHING YOU SAID HERE SHOWS THAT YOU ARE THE PROBLEM IN THESE GROUPS. THE TANK ONLY "LEADS" IN A LITERAL SENSE, IN THAT THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO STAY IN FRONT AND KEEP MOVING. THEY HAVE NO AUTHORITY OR SPECIAL PRIVILEGE. YOU WERE FAILING AT DOING YOUR JOB.
It's not about the grind for cosmetics, weekly quests give 50 each and are fine for that. Removing chests from dailies takes away a huge source of actual usable equipment (and scrap, dust, chance of reds...) that we had before. And replaces it with something that serves a completely different purpose that many of us do not care about (in addition to the amount being fairly inconsequential next to weeklies even for people who care about the cosmetics). Daily quests were an important source of progression, and now that is completely gone. The shillings are not and cannot act as a replacement because they have no impact on progression. This is a straight nerf. A huge increase to the grind for a lot of players, out of nowhere and for no real reason.
I'm glad O2Y3 died over time in PF. No idea why Ilya hasn't done the same.
Problems come down to how big the chance of failure at each part is. Ilya orbs need to recognize their side, then move a large distance across the map while dodging around the opposite orb, staying away from the towers, and not getting a cleave. Sharingan you're in the center so you just move a tiny bit onto the floor arrow, guaranteed a safe cleave with zero chance of a tower taking one and a strong visual guide to make sure you can't clip anyone. Sharingan has a bit of chance for mistakes arranging the chains, but with fixed positions and only 2 potential swaps with really lenient timing they are still very unlikely. Ilya has a massive movement of orb players into 2nd towers. Sharingan you just take a tiny step to the side after the orbs pass. Likewise, orbs only take a tiny step out to the intercard and are perfectly safe, then just a couple steps back to pop. Differences in orb pathing based on people's timing are almost non-existent compared to Ilya which has such large and long movements that it can cause major swings and risks clipping the chain players with a moving orb. Baits and explosions are a bit easier with Sharingan as well. Explosions have a ton of wiggle room to work with being on the free side instead of cramped in the 2nd towers. Baits are easy just using the floor marks and taking 1 tiny step inward to touch her hitbox and guarantee they land on the right people. Small controlled movements with lenient timing are always going to be safer than wide sweeping movements where you need to rush to make the position on time. The fact that it's so much better for both kinds of uptime is just icing.
I haven't played since December. Someone please catch me up on what's going on. Status. What? My kohm suddenly has over 300%? Slash nerfed, viral buffed? And what of all other shotguns? Why does my tigris prime suddenly have jack shit for status chance? The patch notes regarding it claimed shotguns got a buff but reality seems to say the exact opposite. Everything but the kohm got dumpstered. Railjack. Haven't even started, and it's already being revisited. I built mine via the quest but never played after it became usable. How do I start? What else? Self-damage is gone so how do you play Chroma in tridos now? Or is Chroma dead and everyone goes Rhino now? Did the Primed Chamber drop change the meta for which snipers to use at all? And on the flipside of that, what old deathtraps are now functioning weapons worth pulling back out? The new nightwave. Where do you get these cephalid thingies you need for the investigation scenes? It says missions but I've run tons and seen nothing. What else do I need to know about everything going on?
If you're not willing to offer an actual discount, just price match. The market sorts even prices by the most recently updated first (when you last closed the retainer), so you still end up on top, but without being a massive douche about it and forcing everyone else to re-type their prices.
No, that's not it. Trials are normal, extreme, and unreal (soon). Raids are normal and savage. Ultimate is its own separate thing. 24-man alliance raids are normal only.
For axe, people generally use icelit spots, and rotate tanks/heals for stack. For scythe, ranged pair into side mirrors leaving tons of room so the 4 melee/tank can easily stack or spread in theirs.
Just a tip, the auto breach parazon mod doesn't count against the "manual hacks only" challenge. So no need to unequip it if you have it on.
Why is lanka listed as lower level?
NOBODY DOES PURE MOB GRIND (EXCEPT AS BOX FARM). SHOUT FOR A SPOT ON THE NM TRAINS.
THE ACTUAL "UPTIME" LR STRAT (NAMED "UPTIME") IS MORE DANGEROUS BECAUSE OF REALLY TIGHT POSITIONING AND NEAR-BLIND ORB DODGING. SHARINGAN BOWTIE, WHICH IS "AN" UPTIME STRAT, IS BY FAR THE SAFEST AND EASIEST STRAT DESPITE HAVING REALLY GOOD MELEE AND CASTER UPTIME.
GOD IS DEAD. BUT I CAN TRY TO HELP INSTEAD. HAVE YOU TRIED SHARINGAN BOWTIE? IT'S WAY EASIER, AND DECENT UPTIME. SEEN 3-4 STATICS STUCK IN LR PROG GET THROUGH ALMOST IMMEDIATELY AFTER SWITCHING.
JUST MAKE SURE TO BUY AN ANTI-STATIC WRISTBAND.
I WOULD, BUT THEY'D JUST GO OVER YOUR HEAD.
THAT WOULD BE TOO MUCH OF A TALL ORDER FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
No? Nothing about them is comparable. They're about as different as any two jobs can be.
They never fixed the water spawn projectile hitbox bug? Shame.
Dodge?
You have to main. Weekly lockouts make sure you can only gear up one thing primarily. Alts need to follow after.
Correction. The coffer gives i115 NQ, which is trash, equivalent to about i80-i90. You want to grab Ironworks ASAP.
It's not nerfed quite as hard as people say. It's still a good cheap option for single target damage. Needs 2 forma instead of just 1, but it gets the job done. Just make sure you have strong AoE elsewhere in your loadout. Tigris P is for making one guy dead quickly.
There are any number of things that could refer to. I know my own timing gives it 2 GCDs after first cleaves before moving to dodge my orb, and 1 more to pop it.
Rush, but in a "why can't we" sort of way because of all the dumb barriers in the way.
Archwing isn't great later on, but in the early Earth missions it hits way harder than anything on your default railjack. PUGging Earth you can go solo the missions in AW while just hoping the PUGs can avoid dying long enough.
I think RoD is a 45 skill so you haven't been missing out on *too* much, but you have been missing out. You always want to have a song up (except at your level when both are on cooldown). There's the party buff it gives, the potency of the song itself, and, most importantly, the repertoire effect. You want to DoT trash packs. Ideally put a few up on the first set of mobs while the tank is still running to grab more. Otherwise just put a few up for the procs before going into QN spam. MB gives you endless RoD procs which destroy mob packs. AP gives you a huge speed boost to your QN spam at a time when your GCDs are at their most valuable. WM is the least useful for trash (despite being the best for bosses), but you can still quickly delete the biggest mob in the pack with rapid 3 stack PPs. Also, not dying does not mean anything good. You can easily not die by AFKing at the dungeon entrance. But you would be the worst possible player if you did that. What makes you good is how much you contribute to making the run go faster. Primarily through how much damage you can put out. Don't hold anything unless doing so would gain you more damage.
Basically, but with a small technicality. Cross-discipline skills still exist, but cross-class is completely removed.
You should rank Fortuna at least a little bit first anyway to skip the Cetus cutters.
Yeah. You need DoTs for procs. Double-dotting often means that target dies faster than the rest and you stop getting procs. Spread them out except for the one big guy you shadowbite off of.
I'm just trying to see how one super-buff Volt out-performs a more balanced volt plus a Rhino, considering the way the buffs stack together. As for element mixing, Rhino can still bank on the shielder using a more balanced shock trooper on them. Or otherwise do neither, especially if trying to use p cryo which requires modded rad already, or doing a radless build where you would want non-elemental buffs or Oberon in the Trin slot with his augment. Really I guess it just comes down to what works. Maximizing damage doesn't mean anything if you're already above the 1-shot breakpoints. 1-shot synovia, easy enough. 1-shot head, harder but doable on a handful of builds/comps. Volt shields for amp boosting plus UW covers shield stripping. Harrow is a nice convenience to the DPS, depending on rivens if you need to rely on his +CC for consistency. Hell, you could put the 2nd Volt in the Harrow slot instead and still run DPS rhino, or put the rhino in the Harrow slot for DPS volt if you have a consistent crit build without covenant. Only important part is that you can do enough damage.
I'm just getting into railjack and understand the basics, but I'm trying to figure out the nuances of picking components and what people are using. Can anyone help me out? **Shields:** Shields are as "meh" as they are on warframes, so I mostly want to pick a good mk3 bonus? I'm assuming the best bonus is the zekti "+damage while shields down?" Does that mean I want to look for a shield with really low stats (low regen delay reduction especially) so they can stay down more consistently? Or does it not matter too much? How is the Vidar AoE pulse effect in comparison? **Engines:** Vidar is the fastest base speed, but Lavan is faster while boosting. The bonuses are what confuse me. Lavan can come with a speed boost while shields are down. Is this 20% of the flat 30 speed bonus for just 6 extra base speed? Or 20% of the total 180 speed for 216, putting it over Vidar? Vidar, on the other hand, gets a boost bonus while shields are down, but I don't get how this is calculated either. Is it just a measly +50% to the 0.2 boost multiplier for 0.3 total? Is it a flat +0.5 to it? 50% of the total 0.5 boost speed bonus for +0.45? Or 50% of the total speed while boosting for an effective +0.95? Overall, which one is more useful? I'm guessing Vidar just for the consistency of it since boost is limited, but I'm not positive. **Reactors:** These seem to be more based on your avionics loadout. If you have extra capacity left over, use a smaller reactor and get extra flux. Is this right? And if you're somehow not using all your avionics slots, going big and adding a hyperflux is more efficient than capping down. What of the bonuses? Looks like fires for Zekti, immunity for Vidar, and Lavan's both suck? **Turrets:** I hear Apoc, Carcinnox, and Photor are all good picks, with Vidar vs Zekti as consideration. Looks to me like photor in particular only wants Zekti due to it being less inefficient than the others due to the "bonus" stat being damage and not fire rate. And this seems like it makes a good front cannon, especially for triggering tethers. Plus the main draw of the "efficiency" of Vidar is for sustained fire when you will be missing a lot, which for photor is less of an issue thanks to being hitscan. Carcinnox vs Apoc side guns. What are the real tradeoffs here? Apoc has slightly more damage and accuracy, but slower projectile speed which realistically means less accuracy due to being harder to hit moving targets. Vidar sustains better when expecting to miss more, but to what extent does the low accuracy compared to Zekti detract from this and become wasteful? Is the listed accuracy score meaningful, or should this really be more about sustain vs burst? And what of status? Apoc's seems to be a small DPS gain, while Carcinnox is like rad? Which is really more CC than damage if normal rad is anything to go off of. **Ordinance:** Is this just seeker mk3 all the way?
Let's say I'm hunting for the impact ephemera. On the way, I pick up (convert) a 58% impact gun. Think how nice it would be to trade that lich to someone who could actually use it to instantly max out their own existing copy of that gun without switching elements? Under the current system they would need to either rank and forma mine as their primary, or find another duplicate of their desired element to use as the last overwrite step. This change would just make things much more convenient.
RIP self-damage. Cautious shot was worthless when we had it, but now that it's gone, a mod to selectively add it back (just for Chroma loadouts) would be great. For secondaries, please.
It probably will. Like how the XI crossover is repeating right now, and the Yo-kai Watch event repeated 2 or 3 times (I lost count), the XV crossover likely will repeat as well at some point.
I like having to hold it to speed up so I can let go for tight turns and speed up again as the path opens up. Like controlling Ivara's navigator. 2 speeds for range and precision.
I backpedaled in V8S at the end of 3rd graven if it was yellow. Better to keep moving towards the teleport than to have to stop. Backpedal is also good for some jumping puzzles to get a mostly vertical jump without much horizontal momentum.
About 5 eternities now that the Diadem is gone. Where the fuck are new FCs supposed to get that much darksteel without the Diadem?
No, more like Lynx without the drones/turrets.
Anyone else remember when this was a mandatory mod?
Puncture isn't completely useless... In Railjack it gets converted into plasma procs, which actually do what puncture should have from the beginning.
I still have a rank 0 cryo rounds on a bunch of my old sentinel weapons. They finally changed it just now, but new players have no idea that the shitty numbers on status chance mods were because they directly ported them from the old flat stun chance mods with no adjustment.
RESETS THEM FOR ALL OF ONE HIT. THEN THE FIRST PELLET OF YOUR NEXT SHOT HITS AND IT'S LIKE "OH, RIGHT, I'M AT 40%. LET ME JUST RESIST 3 OF THOSE DAMAGE TYPES FOR YOU."
OPPOSITE PROBLEM. I'M TRYING TO PUG MY "STAR CHART" UNLOCKS INTO THE VOID SO I CAN SKIP WASTING RESOURCES ON MK 1/2 PARTS AND START MY SHIP WITH SOMETHING DECENT. BUT NOBODY EVER HOSTS JUPITER. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO PROGRESS WITH NOBODY TO LEECH? ALSO DIRAC. FUCK. SO SLOW TO EARN.
JUST CHEESE IT WITH MESA. IT'S ACTUALLY NOT THAT BAD, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE THE EXTRA MINUTE YOU SPEND DOING THE MINIGAME COUNTS TOWARDS THE TREASURER SPAWN TIME. SO YOU JUST RUN A QUICK MISSION (SERGEANT ASSASSINATE, JUPITER SABOTAGE, PLUTO CAPTURE) AND GET YOUR LOOT ROLL AND A REPLACEMENT COIN WITHOUT WAITING **TOO** LONG NEAR THE END. I FARMED PROTEA AND ALL 3 WEAPONS UN UNDER 3 HOURS TOTAL. INCLUDING GETTING THE 2 BPs FROM THE NEW JACKAL AUTOSCROLLER (DO THAT INSTEAD OF SERGEANT UNTIL YOU GET THEM).
WAIT WHAT? I KILLED IT A BUNCH OF TIMES WITH RADIATION AND TONS OF RAD PROCS ON IT FOR MOST OF THE FIGHT. GRANTED, I ALWAYS STABBED ALMOST IMMEDIATELY.
YOU'RE NOT. IT'S ONLY NEEDED FOR ACTIVATING THE 20 SECOND TIME BONUSES. BUT JUST LIKE THE PRISONERS OUTSIDE, FUCK 'EM. JUST WIN IN UNDER A MINUTE, OR AT WORST USE THE 5 SECOND PICKUPS THAT DROP SOMETIMES.
There are tons of mounts locked behind all kinds of things. Only one mount at a time has a weekly lock, and that's the current tier savage mount. But it has a 100% drop rate if you 2-chest the clear, so 1 person gets it per party per week. 8 weeks of clears gets an entire static their mounts. There are some mounts that act as super rare drops, primarily night pegasus, dodo, eldthurs, and eurekan petrel. But you can go after those as much as you want. Some are cash shop exclusives. Some are locked behind impossibly long grinds (centurio tiger, triceratops, astrope, pteranodon) Some are unobtainable due to being in past events, promotions, or exclusive prizes for previous PvP seasons. But the majority are very obtainable from all kinds of different content, or more reasonable challenges/grinds.
YOU NEED TO BE MORE TRUSTING. YOUR JOB IS TO MAKE THE RUN GO AS FAST AS POSSIBLE BY PULLING BIG GROUPS, POSITIONING THINGS WELL, MITIGATING TO EARN THE HEALER MORE DPS TIME, AND, YES, DPSING YOURSELF. IF THE HEALER ISN'T DEAD, STUNNED, OR GCD-LOCKED/STRUGGLING TO KEEP UP DESPITE CONSTANTLY HEALING, YOU'RE FINE. THEY GOT YOU. YOU DO YOUR JOB AND STOP WORRYING ABOUT HOW THEY DO THEIRS. IF THEY GO DOWN, BY ALL MEANS, FILL IN. BUT IF THINGS ARE GOING SMOOTHLY THERE'S NO REASON FOR YOU TO PANIC LIKE THAT.
Those are actually really small amounts compared to any railjack component. If you're just using the quest sources (eximus), then yes, it's a ton. But one railjack mission awards about 1500 of a resource as a bonus, plus everything that drops.
\*cries in returning MR28\*
Slash is still a really good proc, but a lot harder *to* proc. Hunter munitions is still super powerful, and melee stance mods with forced slash procs as well. But with IPS no longer weighted up vs elemental, "innate" slash procs are too rare to be reliable on many weapons now.
Whoops, wrong button. Didn't mean to delete. Yeah, I usually run with 8x rolls dropping the 2 lowest scores, but sometimes make it even more forgiving than that via house rules, such as allowing 3 "swaps" of individual dice among the scores at the end. Basically lets everyone grab an 18 in their main stat and a ~15-16 secondary, while making their dump stats a bit dumpier.
No, the beta vandals can be crafted from ESO.
That's not how this game works. If you're solo, you don't need healing. Any solo story instances are balanced around what you are. You spend minimal time fighting open world mobs and recover rapidly outside of combat. The only time when it might matter is for very niche activities like soloing old EX trials unsynced, and maybe solo PotD/HoH.
While I do love the ALC storylines more consistently across expansions than any other, they asked for job stories, not class ones.
Um... no? Flexible is the one thing RDM isn't. When it's time to hardcast, you have to hardcast. Reprise is very lossy. BLM, on the other hand, has a bunch of flex tools. Procs, triplecast, swiftcast, xeno... They have a ton of free movement they can hold and use as needed. RDM does not. RDM kind of gets swift as movement but it's more lossy to hold than on BLM, so still a comparison in favor of BLM.
This guide seems to assume an understanding of how the system itself works, which I do not have. When upslotting, do the fodder items need to match the exact junk lines on your base item? Or how does it work, and how do multiple fodders used per affixing play into it? Like if my base item has junk A, and I'm trying to upslot to 2, does my fodder need to have junk A on it, or can I use 2 completely different junk lines? Can I use a 3-line fodder and just take 2 lines out of that? Do I need multiple fodder pieces at once or is this a one-at-a-time thing? I just need a breakdown of how the system works and why your examples have these weird setups, and how much of that setup is mandatory vs filler.
Not sure. Let me take a crack at it. Tell me if this is right. When affixing, essentially take all of the affixes from all of the items (including the base item) and sort them into a pool. Some affixes need a minimum number in the pool to select. Adding additional copies beyond this minimum can increase their success rate, up to a cap. Junk lines are good for upslotting because they cap out at only 1 copy in the pool needed, and hit 100% rate with only that 1 copy. Using multiple fodder pieces at once can be a way to bring more affixes into the pool, but also acts to increase the success rate when upslotting by lowering the penalty for using the "extra slot" What I don't get is why some of your examples use 4 pieces of fodder, when the simulator shows the same success rate using only 2. Is there something I'm missing or the site is missing?
Maybe? That's the question. Is it worth getting junk triggers for an easy 200 pure?
THERE ARE THE FEW BOSSES THAT (TEMPORARILY OR OTHERWISE) PUT DEATH PUDDLES UNDER THEMSELVES TO MAKE YOU GO AROUND, LIKE ZURVAN AFTER SKIPPING SOAR BUT BEFORE ADDS. AND THE RARE EXCEPTIONS THAT ACTUALLY SPAWN A THING WITH COLLISION LIKE PHANTOM TRAIN'S BOX GHOSTS, HASHMAL'S TOWERS, OR TITAN'S UPLIFTS. HELL, ZURVAN PHASE 1 (IN THE RESTRAINTS) AND HASHMAL'S CENTER CONTROL TOWER BOTH FUNCTION AS AN ACTUAL BOSS WITH COLLISION. AND THEN THERE'S SHINRYU WHO EVEN ACTS AS A PLATFORM AT TIMES. I'M SURE THERE ARE MORE EXAMPLES I'M FORGETTING, PLUS ALL THE NON-BOSS DUNGEON EXAMPLES OF BREAKABLE WALLS. ANYWAY, FUCK EVERYONE WHO GOES OUT TO NARNIA AGAINST LUGUS. HE'S NOT ONE OF THE EXCEPTIONS.
EVERY JOB'S BUFFS OVERWRITE WITH DUPES.
NO, NOT A DUMB MOVE. YOU MADE THE RIGHT DECISION TO PASS AND GO FOR 99. JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN'T BUY IT *YET* DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVEN'T FINISHED EARNING IT. WHETHER YOU CAN BUY IT IMMEDIATELY OR NOT SHOULD NOT AFFECT WHETHER OR NOT YOU DO THE CONSIDERATE THING.
THERE'S NOT REALLY MUCH CHOICE. IT'S MOSTLY DICTATED BY YOUR SITUATION. KAITEN EVERY IAI, OF COURSE. SEIGAN WHEN YOU CAN TRIGGER IT IS A BETTER FILLER THAN SHINTEN. KEEP ENOUGH FOR SENEI ON CD. KYUTEN REPLACES YOUR FILLERS FOR AoE (BUT MAKE SURE YOU'RE STILL KAITENNING EVERY IAI). AND YOUR GAPCLOSER IS A GAPCLOSER. USE IT WHEN YOU NEED TO GAPCLOSE FOR UPTIME. ALSO SOMETHING SOMETHING 1X YATENPI PER ??? MINUTE CYCLE TO MAINTAIN ALIGNMENT? ASK AN ACTUAL SAM MAIN ABOUT THAT. BUT DO REMEMBER YOU CAN COVER A FORCED DISENGAGE WITH YATENPI AS WELL. THINK WHETHER YOU NEED TO GAPCLOSE BACK OR CAN RUN IT WITHOUT MISSING A GCD.
If you're spinning bosses, yes, that's wrong. Dodge, of course. But get back in position immediately. The boss locks in place while casting. You have time after dodging to go back and avoid it moving. As for darkhold, that's a mix. The DPS didn't pull the eye, it just wanders. And you do want to be in the crystal light. It provides a huge defense buff. Meant to block the eye, but it also works on the mobs, letting you pull way more than you think you can. People normally pull all the way to the room outside the first boss room because the crystals make it so easy to do. Also for the boss fight, you need to pull the boss into the light to damage it at all. The vote kick is because you were offline. They probably already had the vote started before you reconnected, and with only 2 votes it would pass no matter what. It was too late to stop. People have varying levels of patience for disconnects. At what point does waiting stop being worth it? How long between when it's just a disconnect or if they aren't coming back? You have to draw a line somewhere.
DRK has the strongest spammable mitigation with TBN, but the worst invuln. PLD has the best invuln, but with the longest cooldown. Also a bunch of unique utility if you can make good use of cover. WAR has the shortest invuln cooldown, the best raidwide mitigation, and fairly potent recovery via nascent flash that can make the healers jobs easier outside of burst damage. GNB has the 2nd best invuln on the 2nd longest cooldown, a small lead in DPS over other tanks, and an extra "small" cd with camouflage, but not a great spammable mitigation. There's no "best." They are closely balanced with little strengths that make each one unique. Those strengths can each be useful in different situations. So if you **really** want to optimize, you need to pick your tank based around each individual fight.
Neo-Ishgardian is i480. Max right now is i500 (505 weapon). Max without savage is 490 until 5.3 drops with catch-up tokens. Basically, when the current tier started, 480 was the best starting point to start farming upwards. It's still the fastest catch-up gear you can get, but it's cheap because there aren't too many buyers for it anymore.
Currently Kai Shir gives the most, and all others give equal base amounts. Look for bonuses. When they release another, it will be better than Kai Shir. And when they release one beyond that, that one will be best, the last one will be second, and all the old ones will be buffed to match Kai Shir, tied for last at Kai Shir's current levels.
Basically. But if your catching up you can also try to balance out getting the titles from each of them.
Icelit is rough. It comes up right at a TA window, and a potential potion window (but I would hold pots for WL2 since that's also a tech window), but the mechanic itself makes hitting your burst on cd really difficult between disengages, possible tank stuns (rubberband strat?), and weave slots being crowded by gapclosers and sprint. The ideal solution is to discuss with your party and agree on what kind of hold everyone wants and can do. If, for example, everyone agrees to delay burst for 2 or 3 GCDs to resolve the knockbacks, gapclosers, and stuns before going for burst windows, then you can all sync up at the delayed window and keep on that into WL2.
Not finishers, too slow. Just kills. As long as it 1-shots you're golden. Might need to finisher bombards/eximus. And that only works for melees if you're using a melee. If you leech then a friend's melee kills count for everything. But it's mainly used for focus farm.
It's complicated. Lanka is not an eidolon gun due to water hitboxes being broken, so while Chroma is out of style there and damage mods are good, lanka is not where you want that. Profit Taker, on the other hand, is still a Chroma playground, and he still hates damage mods. Plus lanka is still not favored there due to wanting an IPS spread for those shields, though secondary being freed from the old hikou does put in more room for a full loadout even if you did try lanka. The riven is good. But it's good for non-eidolon non-Chroma lanka uses. Which are... rare. Maybe some Sortie assassinates? 3x3 it's probably fine. More casual groups that won't 1-shot shields mid-water spawn you can still use Lanka for eidos. You just need to wait for it to start moving before your shots count. Could be a good bounty gun, sniping drop ships for quicker kill count progress and easy defense. Find a use that works for you.
They are where they are because that's the boss that got reworked when they were released. There's no deep lore to it.
Bleedout duration should be longer than the fight. Just leave it on the floor until you're done.
I think Xeno does a slight variation of Sharingan but I'm not sure the specifics. Do you have a video of it I could look at and check?
Usually pick the attacking side. They have faster mission types.
I disagree on what you think is "easiest." Chain swaps do not make it harder. There are simple fixed swaps with ample time based on the initial shape from the pre-assigned positions. What makes a strat more difficult is orb movement and dodging. Touching an orb is the number one cause of wipes, so strats that minimize that chance are going to be safer and easier. Sharingan, Ayaroti, and Xeno all have super consistent orb pathing, and player movement that avoids areas where orbs are. Ilya has consistent pathing but a sketchy dodge around an incoming orb for orb players. Uptime has less consistent pathing due to the time to find your tower, and a super risky semi-blind orb dodge through the boss' hitbox. I find the 3 main bowtie strats to be the easiest, safest, and most consistent. Of the 3, Sharingan and Xeno are best, with Sharingan favoring a balance of melee and caster friendly uptime, and Xeno being a bit more hostile to casters to give melee more leeway.
The only difference between bowtie variants is how the orb players move. The one exception is "uptime" but I don't consider that a true bowtie strat, since it ignores orientation. But among the 3 main bowtie strats, the act of forming the bowtie is extremely simple and straightforward. Tons of time, easy consistent swaps, easy to recognize as long as everyone starts from their assigned positions.
Yes, but really only after you gear it out. You'll want to PUG to get some basic components and, more importantly, the avionics you'll need to solo effectively. Unfortunately 2 of the most important ones are super rare. Tether and forward artillery. Tether to kill fighters, and forward artillery so you can kill higher level crewships without a weak point hit (because when solo there's really not time to switch seats and charge a shot without them moving too much to hit the engine).
Don't use auto install. Your first build is much more reasonable. Damage and multishot are musts, and elemental damage is usually good. Try to get the serration up to 6 or 8 for now. The endo cost is expensive, but as your main rifle damage mod it's always a good investment.
Prime gear is just an improved version. Just rank stuff up. Slots are cheap. Real cheap. And should really be the main thing you spend plat on. Most items go to rank 30. Some special exceptions increase their max rank by 2 per forma up to 40. Enemy level is unrelated. Just a number for how their stats scale. Mods come from everywhere, and you'll fill out your collection over time. If you find there are specific ones you need, you can pretty easily go for them. The most exclusive they get are primed mods mostly sold by Baro Ki'Teer. Trade in your extra prime parts for ducats at the kiosks in every relay to spend with him.
Penant, Quellor, Shedu, and MR from intrinsics. Those are why you play Railjack. Plus LD's anomaly shard shop.
You have to be in combat with them for them to show up on the left. One AoE and you'll hit them all and they can all appear there.
When you hover over it in the list it shows you all of the tiers.
https://ffxiv.gamerescape.com/wiki/Category:Red_Mage_Weapon/Shadowbringers Browse through and see if anything catches your eye.
The real question is why did that port over to the NA version?
A whole **3** missions with a 0.67-2.0% droprate and you didn't get one? I'm shocked. Without nitain alerts anymore you're stuck shelling out all of your NW creds for it.
Or just don't lock in the lich until you complete the mission. Let us abort and cancel it.
Which discord do you mean? I see a number of possible ones, some with people saying bad things about them (and the person who downvoted you also seems to think it's a bad idea? please speak up so I know what you're thinking, don't just downvote)
Question about the Ray units (and others eventually) When we get the JP ability to slot rings into units, is that something we can retrieve, just using it as an extra ring slot, or is it a permanent upgrade to the unit that consumes the ring in the process? Speaking of rings, any good guides for how to optimize the gathering system for the materials you need for upgrading them? Also advice on the upgrade process, as in any supporting items to use around the failure chances trying to get to +20?
Is there any point to leveling HP Restorate (R) over lv16? Seems like just a waste of lambda grinders. On a similar note, when NA gets the JP ability to slot ring effects into units, will there be a point to TMG Stance Up (L) above lv10? The visiphone wiki says that "striking" gunner PAs like AA use striking part multipliers but still do ranged type damage, so wouldn't be boosted by the ring's striking bonus. Is that correct? That wiki was wrong about potatoes counting as a vegetable so I don't know how trustworthy it is overall.
Personally, at endgame bard is one of the hardest jobs to play optimally, while 5.1 NIN is pretty braindead. It has a million low-to-zero cost freestyle adjustments so you almost never even need to plan your uptime in advance. With BRD you're constantly micro-managing every single potential weave slot, trying to track the DoT tick and how it de-synchronizes from the GCD, to plan for any eventuality and make room to avoid overcap, clip, and delay all at once. And all for no reward. It went form the most broken OP job that defined the entire meta in SB to the absolute weakest in SHB. But if you find that kind of hectic gameplay fun, then by all means play it. When I say weakest I only mean by about ~4-8% compared to the other physical ranged.
You do. Everyone else will see you with it. You won't see it on yourself.
Tenacity isn't the worst. Extra SKS beyond comfort thresholds is worse. And DH is worse on WAR. Also piety stuff, really bad when it isn't mandatory, and ideally it will never be mandatory.
