Don't you have to be popular to be a populist? I think the CPC has the wrong guy if they want to run with this.
He will just terrorize his own people with his American Taliban routine and its up to the people of the US to put that shit down. I doubt he would be throwing threats to Canada via twitter even though he is just as crooked as Donald.
I don't think Donald had a choice in the matter. Need to respond when your master beckons.
Also jacked up trucks rolling coal
Money laundering, tax evasion, and obstruction of justice are probably the easiest to prosecute.
He is just saying what everyone is thinking.
If we don't diversify we will be Kentucky.
I like this one. It pairs up nicely with how much I hate Mike Huckabee.
Because he is the president and gets a certain degree of immunity. Also, rich people have a different set of laws in merica. The NY AG is going to have fun in the new year going after trump foundation though. That will be what I am watching.
&gt;if they have evidence that he has committed say, obstruction of justice He admitted on television he fired James Comey because he wouldn't stop the Russia investigation. The trump family used money for veterans as a slush fund. [Donald bought a painting of himself from the trump foundation.] (https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/11/01/this-is-the-portrait-of-himself-that-donald-trump-bought-with-20000-from-his-charity/?utm_term=.dc662efa210b) I don't recall Bill Clinton doing that.
Think of all the homeless veterans that could be helped with that money. Sad.
I think a split is in order. I we had electoral reform and we could have other parties we can get a Christian Heritage Party and a conservative party and everyone would be happy.
We get most of our oil from the US but I understand the sentiment. This amuses me to see such cheerleaders for capitalism embrace the notion that the markets are not infallible.
Here's some money for children's education that buys some good PR for Canada. The response from the CPC is to throw a hissy over it. I have no words.
If trump can threaten nuclear war over twitter then I am fine with an education program getting money also over twitter.
I love my festivals and time off from work, but can we be done with religion already?
Maybe it's time to start up the petitions to rename the Calgary airport again.
It amazes me this is still a thing. Talk about your barbaric cultural practices.
Because of all the snowflakes with their hurt feelings.
&gt;What about Earls I missed this one. What happened?
Flynn was originally considered as the VP pick but Paul Manafort put in the good word for Pence. It's a crazy web.
It's not that he's a liar that bothers me, I have come to accept the CPC lacks any ideas about anything and bullshit is all they have. It's that smirk and the dimples he pulls out while doing so. It infuriates me.
Not a Bernier fan but he was right about Scheer.
Someone doesn't know what "non-binding" means.
This is very forward thinking so I know some people will hate it. Programs like CPP, OAS and the GIS add up and are the difference between having a bit of dignity in your old age and living on the street. Thank you for the write up. Very succinct.
That was about the same time I split off and never looked back. The reason why none of them will release a platform is that they know its so horrid no one will support them. Just need to look south of the border for what they want for Canada.
It's great to disagree with people. It's what makes for a vibrant democracy. It's not ok to lie and to not accept some basic realities of the world. That's where I draw the line from acceptable discourse to outright fuckery. Climate change is real, immigrants are not a danger, trumpism is a cancer. Get conservatives on board with that and it won't be a problem.
The Resistance is going as well as can be expected.
(sad trombone)
That's some good fatherly personal responsibility
He regrets people are talking about it. But it's better this than talking about Prab Gill.
Australia grabs refugees at sea and throws them in a prison on a remote island. Israel doesn't really care for outsiders (unless you are eastern european). How much do you want to be like them?
I find it fun we are ranking the current UCP screw ups and scandals. Edit: I give this one four Soldiers of Odin out of five
OMG who fucking cares? They don't play Run-DMC's [Christmas in Hollis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR07r0ZMFb8) either. I feel oppressed. Grow up snowflakes. It's not even second week of December and all I have heard for the past week is bitching. Do you want us to cancel it and no one gets Christmas this year?
PostMedia is owned by a New York hedge fund and they try to get conservatives elected. This is nothing new. The Herald used to be a great local paper at one time but now they are no better than the Sun.
Shouldn't they pray for the money and get god to pony up the dough?
Why not just tax churches and let them cover it? I am told god has some wealth.
Churches have more practice at it
The company came out and said it was his fault. Shirking all responsibility is the new personal responsibility.
I keep hearing about how good conservatives are with money but I have not seen any evidence of that for many years. It's just a lot of hype.
You could have bought ten beer with that
Shout out to the heroes repping TO with the chanting.
Good game, Brooklyn. You bitches are alright.
"They're not REAL jobs"
A lot of people in the o&amp;g industry have a very particular skill set that makes them very well qualified for one very specialized thing that is only marketable when oil is rocking. When it's not it's even harder for them to find work because no one wants to hire them knowing they will probably ditch that job once oil takes off again. It's a feast and famine existence. I have no problems with my life leaving that world behind.
If there is no money for a poor person to get chemo in a state budget then tax evasion is hardly a victimless crime.
Welp, better shut down CFB Wainwright and take all those local jobs that come from that. That would show everyone.
Conservatives aren't even trying to hide it anymore.
&gt;The letter claims that the party always tries to “accommodate contestants who have professional responsibilities”; however, Norman Wiebe, one of the candidates seeking nomination for UCP Red Deer-South, says he has “never seen anything like it.” It's because the party doesn't want you to win.
Have you ever read the bible?
No reason why he shouldn't be in it to win it but it's pretty obvious the party is trying to get someone else in that seat. I don't think being a benefit is what the UCP has in mind tbh.
It's the paradox of Alberta libertarianism: Keep your damn government hands out of our business, also why haven't you fixed all our problems yet? I have thought about leaving just to get away from this short term mentality. Every boom and bust cycle this happens but everytime someone tries to change that it's like the end of the world and we need that oil money like a junkie in need of a hit. If I were the ROC I wouldn't play into these games. Get that line built? Sure but there is no need to grovel to the almighty Albertan. We are the architects of our own misery.
&gt; Alberta separation is short sighted foolishness. You are talking about a province that lives perpetually in a boom and bust cycle whose memory only go back to the previous boom and reminisces of how great it was to buy a new sled and go on vacation three times a year. Don't feel sorry for us.
Raptors fan here, you guys have a very nice addition to your team. He has freakish soft hands and does not miss when he gets inside.
If it doesn't work then they blame immigrants. It's the perfect imbecile storm.
When is the leadership convention? You know, for how real parties operate not just ego driven stunts.
Job opportunity for Scott Baio.
I am surprised UCP are at 50%. NDP is kind of where I expected but Kenney has not exactly set the world on fire here.
They do need a habitat though.
Thanks Kathleen Wynne.
&gt;I'm not sure how you got to that conclusion, that was an observation, not *necessarily* a recommendation. My mistake. Must have read into that my own thoughts. My fear for Alberta is that if it doesn't get off this boom/bust cycle and there will be a time the boom doesn't happen again and that bust is a bottomless pit, then we will be truly hooped.
Incarcerate that felon!
We are not all as subservient as John Baird
Take that, nature.
Please tell me this is a joke
Just need some guns and meth
Time to smash some delicate feelings because otherwise people will be out of work and not have a clue what to do next.
I fear our future is going to be part Wall-E, Idiocracy, and the Animatrix mixed together.
I think electoral reform failed because there was no real call for it. They got into power and it just faded and people were like meh so it went away. I take the good with the bad. This is an important piece of legislation that helps secure our voting rights and I am wicked happy about it.
Making shorter elections is a beautiful thing. The CPC dragged out the last one because of all the money they had gifted to them and it seemed like it would never end.
As someone who lived overseas for several years I never gave up my Canadian citizenship and wore a flag on everything I owned. Deny me my rights and there will be trouble. I applaud the Liberals for this and wave my genitals at the conservatives who don't think I am deserving of my rights.
&gt; We have tons of "citizens" who couldn't even point to Toronto on a map but they got citizenship Most of those people have been here for generations.
The Russia one is very clever.
That's some fine law and order
I found out this week that Lush stores are being boycotted because head office in England said they don't like the oilsands. I have trouble keeping up. I assure our friends in saner parts of Canada that it's only around half of us :p
This just keeps getting worse
Damn
&gt;Kenney is working hard to deliver results for Albertans No better time to start than now. Just took up space and a pension as an MP so maybe he is a better MLA.
Pro-life leaders cheer as genocide in Yemen unfolds
All I really remember it was endless and hateful. Didn't care for it.
So...StatCan is lying or incompetent? Instead if 23,700 jobs it could have been 43,700 jobs instead? This is all over the place. I guess we are going the whole fake news route now.
Idiocracy is happening quickly enough. There is no need to accelerate it.
A modified camper? Like to make runs to the beer store?
The article was attacking StatsCan so...
It's not Christmas for another two weeks. Give it a break.
How does a person get so rich being so stupid?
It's the paradox of Alberta libertarianism Get your damn government hands out of our business/why hasn't government fixed all out problems yet? Go away, Trudeau, we hate you/Stop ignoring us/Stop disrespecting the west/Your mother is a whore/etc It's not a mystery why the rest of the country thinks we are idiots.
&gt; I have hundreds of examples but here's one for you, Trudeau said "construction men" working in rural areas (on a pipeline) will have a social impact on locals." Have you ever heard the phrase, "Let's get an 8 ball and throw loonies at a strippers snatch"?
I used to be an oil worker but retrained myself. It's not that hard to do.
&gt; seperating from Canada would almost CERTAINLY benefit Alberta No it wouldn't
It's weird because I think Filipinos make better Canadians than I do most of their haters.
&gt; The problems are not solved by calling people idiots and saying they're "embarrassing" you, but by addressing the issues at hand. If you find people acting childish, should we not say so? I have no time for tantrums from supposed adults.
It wouldn't
I wonder if people in rural Alberta ever ask themselves why no one takes them seriously. This does no one any favours and only drives people who should be supporting you away in embarrassment.
How do they plan to get past those pesky treaties that the prairies have to honour?
&gt; Go for the jugular and put forward a positive vision There is no positive vision. Just AB separatism and anger at Notley for some reason. Kenney has taken the worst aspects of the PCs and the WRP and smushed them together.
This is the new libertarianism using government to force a pipeline through. I look forward to Andrew Scheer saying the same thing sometime later today.
Ah so you are saying expect an insurgency.
Wainwright, Cold Lake, Suffield, CFB Edmonton as well. Need to shut those down and move everything to Canada.
It wouldn't
Interesting that Sean was only one of three clients Cohen had. Curious how many abortions were paid for.
Selling off assets is how conservatives balance budgets. It's like pawning off all your stuff and being impressed by how much money you have.
Picking up Danny Green is the steal of the century
As much as I would love for her to tear into the guy, I am always impressed by how cool she is and am glad for it. Professionalism is the only way to roll.
Kazakami?
Make yourself comfortable, my friend. It's tax breaks for the wealthy and Jesus for the rest of us.
Conservatives know we know he is lying and it's as plain as day, right? There are serious and thoughtful people in this sub who fly that banner who don't support this I hope.
Madam, I applaud you.
It's a good signing for the Nets. He is one heck of a player. That team has turned themselves around nicely.
It's actually not true
The Freedom Party of Alberta's Freedom Party
One who doesn't even have the ability to finish first year bible college.
Look at what is going on at [the border](https://www.npr.org/2018/12/13/676622047/7-year-old-migrant-girl-dies-of-dehydration-and-shock-in-border-patrol-custody).
The US Senate voted to rebuke SA. This is because we stood up to them and allowed people with common purpose to find their balls and do the same. Trump isn't helping because he is a traitor to his country but that doesn't make him the US.
I don't think they are interested in respectful unfortunately. It's all culture war nonsense all the time and that is insulting across the board.
Not true even a little bit. Rule of law is what freed us from the tyranny of kings and clerics. Everyone has their day in court and everyone has the same protections under the law. It's what Canada is founded upon and what makes it such a great country to be in.
Yeah, well past time for Americans to start acting like grownups again. I truly do tire of their shit.
It made us free which makes us great. Does no one read anymore?
Waving the Union Jack while riding a corgi into battle.
It gets people talking about an imaginary issue they want you to talk about instead of pesky things like asking where their climate change plan is or paying attention to what Doug Ford is doing to Ontario.
Wait...he had a brand? I always assumed the Ford name was not exactly well thought of in the first place. Doug reminds me of this joke: Goldberg, dies and his family is planning the funeral. The local rabbi, they discover, is on a trip to Israel . After many telephone calls, they manage to reach a rabbi from the next town; he agrees to officiate at the funeral the next day. After chanting the “Kaddish” and “El Molay Rachamim” the rabbi begins his eulogy. “We are here to mourn the passing of our friend, Mr.Goldberg, a respected citizen and honored member of the community,” Suddenly, an old man jumps up and says, “What are you talking about, Rabbi? This man was a gonnif, a momzer, and would cheat his own grandmother for fifty cents!" The rabbi decides to take another approach, “We are here to mourn the passing of our friend Mr. Goldberg, a patron of the synagogue and dedicated Talmudic scholar.” Again the old man jumps up and says, “Are you meshuggeh, Rabbi? This man hasn’t been in a shul since his bar mitzvah!” Again, the rabbi begins his eulogy, “We are here to mourn the passing of our friend, Mr. Goldberg, a loving husband and dedicated father.” Once again the old man jumps up and says, “Rabbi, you obviously didn’t know Goldberg. He cheated on his wife whenever he could and he never had time to spend with his children!” At this point, the rabbi is at a loss for words. Finally, he says, “My friends, have we not as Jews suffered from the insults and prejudices of our neighbors? Must we stoop to their level and speak ill of our own people? Surely, there is someone in this congregation who knew Mr. Goldberg and can say something good and kind about his life.” After an entire minute of silence, the old man stands up again and says, “His brother was worse!”
That is wonderful. Thank you for that.
It never has been. The surprising thing is that the US isn't either. Oh well, screw em.
People think we live in a tv show version of how they think things work. Jack Bauer would have this resolved in 24 hours, why can't Trudeau?
Perfectly fine with him calling it out. It's what I expect from a leader which is why Andrew Scheer is no leader. Respectful is nice, factual is better. There is enough dogwhistling going on already and adults need to step on that.
&gt; Trudeau and David Icke have different "stances" on whether queen Elizabeth is a lizard. Why is this the first I have heard about the queen being a lizard?
They had some at the Calgary rally wearing their colours under the yellow vests. Not the smartest people.
Wasn't Stephen Harper just PM for a decade? Did I just dream that?
That's a fly looking dress. I would need the right purse to wear with it.
Canada hasn't. The Irving have. Damn capitalism.
They would also need a strong NDP to split the vote but instead they have Jagmeet Singh.
I work hard trying to convince people around the country Albertans are cool and want to work together to get things done. These idiots show up and all that effort is for naught and the support we had from fellow Canadians starts to melt away.
But they do and that is what people see. It makes them and anyone associated with them look like dopes and those of us who should be taking your side are hiding our faces and cringing. Stop attracting the lowest common denominator and allowing them to scum about and this problem disappears. Being a conservative used to be about having standards.
Maybe it's time congress ended all those corn subsidies.
&gt;No, because it's not about all immigration in general, but uncontrolled immigration, loopholes, etc Americans said that, now they are locking children in cages away from their families and are looking to deport Vietnamese war refugees.
It's like being super patriotic but then demanding separation in the next breath.
Imagine the rest of the planet thinking your province is chock full of whining losers and how hard it is to attract new business.
I am going to have to agree with you. There is a stark divide between city/country in Alberta.
Maybe congress should end all those corn subsidies.
Of course business agrees with carbon pricing. It's the most cost effective way of getting people to change habits. Everyone says that.
&gt; they should take the high road But they don't. They are my people and I just stopped caring and find myself cringing instead of supporting them in this. I don't care if people make fun of the province because we have it coming when we let Sons of Odin walk about at a series of rallies, wearing their colours in broad daylight for everyone to see, and no one says a word let alone getting into their face and kicking them out.
Indifferent because it's not a thing to get in a twist about.
You can be like "hey, are those Sons of Odin over there? Go away, you are not wanted here. My grandfather's generation would kick your ass." Something like that from Jason would be meaningful but instead it's, hey they're here, what are you gonna do? Values as solid as Jello
You and me both haha
Ah, the favourite type of welfare in Alberta, corporate welfare.
It's like they are trying to cram ten years of corruption into six months. I respect the chutzpah but I expect people to wind up behind bars at some point.
Best to toughen up labour standards and be happy for that min wage increase.
Most people in Alberta are from somewhere else. Every second person in Calgary is from the Philippines. They find the concept insane.
Jimmy Carter had to give up his peanut farm.
It's like the last half season of Battlestar Gallactica.
It's because Americans are cowards.
It's because he considers Americans the enemy.
They buy over half their oil from Canadian sources. If we want to have this conversation we need to be honest about it. Them not wanting a pipeline just makes them hypocrites but they do a lot of business with Alberta. After the US shut the border due to BSE, Canadian beef imports from the prairies exploded in Quebec because there was a strong buy Canadian campaign and kept a lot of ranchers in business.
Brexit is going well.
There is [this guy](https://www.forbes.com/sites/howardgleckman/2018/10/10/bill-nordhaus-the-nobel-prize-climate-change-and-carbon-taxes/#7fe961196a03) as well.
This is absolutely ridiculous. I can tell exactly what Scheer is going to say because it's just the opposite of Trudeau. Be your own man, Andrew. If you want to be a leader then lead but I have no idea what this is.
I have never heard of anyone praising British oral hygiene.
That dye job is not a good look.
They call it "having values"
They know they are going to lose next election so they are just trying to plant their flag as a western separatist party. I lost all faith in them when Michael Chong was laughed at when he talked science in the leadership campaign. It's a mistake to take this route that not everyone in their party wants to follow.
Could you imagine Scheer dealing with Putin or Don Trump?
Trump went to twitter to brag about how he and his Saudi buds were cratering the price of oil. Damn that Trudeau.
How?
A lot of that cargo being shipped comes from the prairies. Are you saying all agricultural products will not be able to get to port? I am sure that would go swimmingly.
People have places to be. Flights to catch, doctor appointments, jobs to get to, get home, pick up kids from daycare. Who do these guys think they are pulling this shit?
Smooth like silk pajamas
They can be as angry as they like but I have no need to respect people who don't respect other people. This was childish and I cringe.
To get to work, to get to the airport, to pick up the kids for school, to move product along the roads. Don't be a prick.
It was a mess. People couldn't get to work, pick up their kids from daycare, flights were missed. Whoever thought shutting down busy roads in the city leading up to rush hour needs to be put in the public stocks for a good shaming. People in Edmonton are on your side, this is just taking those who side with you and making a point of pissing them off. For people who are supposedly broke, why are you running your rigs up and down the Henday burning your gas and wasting your money? This childishness may sound good when you are chumming around in a bar with your buds but the execution of it was a fricking disaster.
Oh that is good. Well played.
What they should have done is lined up on the side of the road with their banners unfurled so people driving by could honk and wave because everyone in Alberta supports them and are aware of their situation. Instead they chose to be dicks and we had chaos on the roads as trucks were blocking all traffic and blaring their horns non stop. This was just giving your own supporters the middle finger and for what? A photo op?
It's like an oil cult at this point. I am also pro-pipeline but I am really starting to resent these people who think their livelyhoods are the only ones that matter. Other people work, pay taxes, provide for their families too. Don't care if the payments on their sleds are past due.
There was an Andrew Scheer photo op. I think that was the whole point of this.
&gt; Why do some people (these protestors) have to make us out to be red neck hillbillies? It's how they identify themselves and they revel in it. Does it make the rest of us also look the part? Does it ever but they don't care.
I will file this under "no shit"
Job opportunity for Scott Baio.
So...uh, Mattis is out. I think this one leaving the White House is particularly bad. State of the Union is going to be off the chain though.
The British people would be pretty stupid to go through with this.
Yeah but her emails though...
Yeah but her emails though...
These guys just keep punching themselves in the face. It's beyond sad.
That shows you how serious they are. Curious if it had any truck nuts.
&gt; Unfortunately, not many "tough and cool" clubs and organizations for them. I recommend taking BJJ instead. It's a healthy way to do macho shit with cool people and it teaches humility by constantly getting choked out.
I see this as a push back to the angry pro-oil rhetoric coming from Alberta. Just derpy shit all over the place.
Cannot sell vodka.
It's like when Obama wore that tan suit which was an outrage but when Trump blows Putin on live television and it doesn't even register.
&gt;Despite these critiques, Scheer has yet to unveil his own plan to tackle climate change. Narrator's voice: he doesn't have one
Agreed. They will be up against brand new US hardware as well but I hope they extract their pound of flesh in the process.
Ok, person with account less that 10 minutes old.
Conservatives love ISIS, it's confirmed.
People who tell me putting a price on carbon is a scam are the same ones who try to sell me on trickle down economics. Funny that.
I don't think conservatives have any values at this point.
When Harper was about, they cut VA to the bone and stole from that department because they suck with money. Give us something more than the trickle down scam and let's talk. Mulroney was the last conservative who knew how to handle money. Shame he was also shady as heck.
What an amazing shit show this is. Who thought letting this insane old man become president was a good idea?
In August, we can barely breath because of all the smoke from BC forest fires. I know it's a lot worse for people who live there. I don't consider that perfectly livable.
Cheers. Thanks for the answer.
Trump is going to prison
It reminds me of how trump said Obama was the most divisive president.
What difference can medics make? A world of difference to people who need them.
It's getting harder and harder to stop Americans from doing stupid things. Not like there was no warning of any of this.
A good friend of mine is getting [$80k for education](http://www.veterans.gc.ca/eng/services/transition/education-training-benefit) after his military service. I think it's pretty great. He's been dancing about since he found out he was eligible.
Such presidential behavior. These are proud days, merica.
Get rich and die within ten years is the CPC climate plan.
He is well regarded in most circles.
He is. Last Minister was Jason Kenney and he is a massive step up. Maybe other people have different views of the guy outside of your bubble.
During the wildfire season people suffer from a number of breathing problems. I know you find it funny but it is not.
I hope the US government drug tests those farmers before handing out more welfare. They might spend that money on skoal and beer.
Your user name gives away your trade.
That was the core of Bush supporters even after they lied about Iraq and WMD's. It's a core of morons and they are everything wrong with the US.
I don't care, I just want them to suffer. Launch a trade war on Canada and I hope they lose everything and their children turn out to be gay.
Yup. It's why I hope she's the next PM.
The Kurds are in for a fight. I hope they don't give an inch.
Dammit Berta. Give me a day.
NAFTA 2.0 is pretty big in my mind. It could have been a number of things. A disaster where trump just bullies us into submission, doing what Harper and the CPC wanted by just capitulating to the insane gameshow host, or we get out of it fairly unscathed and we actually get some labor protections written in. I was quite impressed by Freeland and how she handled trump and his negotiating team which included Gary Busey and Meatloaf.
Funny, I was watching The Big Short just recently.
Karma can be funny.
It's fun when they turn on each other. Kenney is as sketchy as they come. This explains why he wants that early election because he knows more of this is coming out. I would hope the national media starts paying more attention to this, there is a sordid story or a dozen to be found.
I agree but I want UCP voters to have no doubt who this guy is so I can place the blame directly on them for everything this toad pulls.
This is a self inflicted wound. Farmers in the US do very well and have market access around the world....until they didn't because they support a racist jackass who went to war against all their markets. Can't blame immigrants for this one.
It gets exposure and since more people are cheering for the Raptors it creates an us versus them dynamic. I think it's brilliant.
I think the bar the CPC has set would be expulsion from the party. I have zero doubt this is something Scheer hopes goes away over the summer and people forget but he said he would these guys the door so why is he still in the party?
I see this rebranding he is doing closer to the election and wonder if he expects people to forget M-103 and his party's insane reaction to that and those weird immigration/UN conspiracy theory stuff Scheer and the yellow vesters were sharing.
I can see them becoming friends and having adventures
Why is this person shooting from their vehicle?
The UK is about to be the Chris Christie of countries.
He brings it on the big stage though.
Can't hate. He had the shot and took it. Good game Warriors.
Canadians know who our friends are. When mericans ditch their love affair with Russian oligarchs they will remember their friends too.
Obama is a friend to Canada as are most Americans. He was treated very unfairly and we recognize he is a good dude.
The priorities are absolutely insane. How can you ignore climate change and be firing teachers while placing the full weight of the government behind breaking contracts so people can buy cheap booze in a corner store? I have no doubts that conservatives across the board have little to offer anyone but damn.... I wonder if Christine Elliot knows that this is how her career dies and how she will be remembered.
I'm still amazed none of these people are in prison right now. I thought locking people up was something Americans did better than anyone else.
British trolling is amazing and knows where to hit where it hurts.
There used to be a time when conservatives were good at governing and not just whatever Fordnation is. It's just shocking how bad they are at this.
Buck a beer is the only thing Ford actually had in his platform
&gt; but I really want to know what his plan was with the terrorist manifesto. It appears he was just waiting for an opportunity to throw it out there.
If you don't know what acid rain is, thank Brian Mulroney.
Shit, merica. Wth is wrong with you?
I've had that. It is one uncomfortable injury. Heal up soon, bro. But not too soon.
When someone tells you who they are, believe them. If I lined up a bunch of white nationalists for a hearing people would probably ask me what's up with that.
The climate change deniers are bad enough. What's worse are the ones who say it's a thing but are doing everything in their power to stop any action towards securing our future. I consider them as low as it gets. It is actively screwing future generations for what? Greed? Malice? Glad this program is back on but it shocks me how the feds needed to get involved in the first place.
My nipples are erect with excitement
In Alberta, gay teens are back being targets from bigots.
You are also mistaken, the first bit of business was for Kenney to leave the province to campaign back home in Ontario for Andy Scheer.
I don't think conservatives in this province are used to having an opposition.
I read a book years ago by Fareed Zakaria called The Future of Freedom and he said, more as a thought experiment, that the best way to get rid of populist idiocy was to let them govern and have them be responsible for picking up the garbage, paying teachers, keeping hospitals open, etc. On the outside all they can do is freak out and create outrage but in power they have to perform and incompetence exposes them breaking the spell they have over the gullible masses. The Ford government is doing everything it can to support this hypothesis.
Odd...it's like...price changes behaviour and encourages people to find alternatives. Hmm....
Scottie Pippen
I don't recall seeing any of this in the grassroots guarantee
He's a fun(damental) guy
&gt;How important is the D day celebration anyway? Open question to the sub, since these kinds of memorials are regularly in the news for some reason or another. If you are in a position of authority then it's important to attend. I would consider it part of the job description.
Is that house paint he is using on his truck?
The chutzpah these people have is just amazing. They are working to dick over young workers and are whining they cannot attend grad ceremonies. Fcuking mind bending.
How many of those people on social media are actually Canadian?
Big basketball game tonight! Go Raptors!
Perhaps he has a yellow vest rally to attend instead.
The Tao of Kawhi
Holding it down in Oak Town. Respect.
Philly has been the best team we have gone against IMO
No
Kyle is the straw that stirs the drink.
That trophy is something I imagine my cremated ashes will be kept in.
Michelle Rempel and I would rather mop the floors at a peep show than vote for her.
There is a [BC for TMX](https://twitter.com/BCforTMX) twitter account that they have created to manipulate people. This is Alberta taxpayer money funding this. I would think this is what corruption looks like.
Just have a healthy appreciation for science like any other sane people and it would work.
But muh free speech...
It's the trump playbook to a T. Claim Obama is the divisive one and overwhelm with memes and white nationalism. Ironic considering Moe has yet to be elected into his role, Kenney committed identity theft and fraud to beat Brian Jean and Ford was put in power in the OPC after the coup that got rid of Patrick Brown. Even Pallister spends more time in Costa Rica than he does in Winnipeg. Who are these guys trying to fool?
I was at a bar when Durant went down and a handful of people cheered until they got the dirty looks and then shut up. Not sure if anyone noticed but Canadians are insane when it comes to sports. It's why we don't blow up random middle eastern countries all the time. We get it all out during sports.
A question I would pose if I were a journalist is who is manufacturing the stickers? Derpy stuff like this always has someone making a buck and it might as well be someone whose family owns a sign making business.
Rings are great and all but your body is your career. Jalen is the only take on this that matters. When I heard he was playing I thought it was a terrible idea. I have had multiple bad injuries in my day and they add up and it takes time to heal.
You have a strange concept of hurt feelings
I'm saying sports and how insane we are with them is why people think Canadians are so friendly and progressive (all the weed also helps). We get all of our aggressive behavior out that way. My hometown used to have riots between rival hockey factions. It's insane and stupid but people are insane and stupid. If people want to chirp then they are more than free.
I had almost forgotten about that one. So savage. It's like that time I stepped on someone's toe on the train and didn't even say sorry. I'm worse than Hitler.
Has Moe lead his party through an election? Kenney's campaign has paid over $75k in fines for electoral infractions and at least one of his MLA's is under RCMP investigation right now. I understand the play they are trying to pull but I find it weak.
&gt;stealing 407 data and then apparently paying foreign students to vote using fake IDs. Identity theft and fraud are so hot right now
Shhhh....this is supposed to look spontaneous and grass roots.
I don't see why the rest of the country has to deal with bad decisions made by Albertans. This is all on us.
With a single use plastic ban coming on, this is a good time to be high on hemp.
Maybe he has a yellow vest rally at the same time and there is a scheduling conflict.
So....paid protestors then? If they want to rally that's fine but let's not pretend this is something it's not.
One of the first things I learned doing army leadership training was that I am not allowed to complain about something unless I have a solution to offer otherwise it's just whining. Still waiting on the conservative climate change plan that will meet our commitments while not having a price on carbon. Scheer promised it by the beginning of summer which is less than 10 days from now so I expect it to be released any day.
Paid to be there is paid to be there. It's fine just stop trying to gaslight people into thinking this is anything but what it is.
I never voted for Jason Kenney. Who is he to tell anyone that he will be try to tear the country apart because his donors are not getting their way? He may be a premier but his opinion is not my position. If we follow this reasoning then Trudeau represents 100% of Canadians. Oil companies do not write our legislation and put amendments into anything. A ton of amendments were adopted, just not the ones pushed by the CPC and their foreign backers.
Harper, for all his many faults, kept a lid on this stuff and ran a tight ship. I used to hate that about him but I have come to respect it was needed to keep a circus from spilling out. Scheer is a very weak leader and allows conservatives free reign to do whatever. Michelle Rempel blocking everyone on twitter after spreading weird anti-immigrant conspiracy theory drivel? No problem. Sen Batters accusing Trudeau of being responsible for a power outage in Regina? Not a word. He says he is kicking out the wack-a-do crowd, next day one of them has a bozo eruption and.....nothing happens. It's like raising your kids. If you say something then you need to back it up and it needs to be consistent or they will walk all over you and we are seeing it happen here. It's not that Scheer necessarily is a bad person but he is a terrible leader and is at the mercy of stronger personalities. He is not his own person no matter how much he protests it. Edit: grammar and words
That sounds absolutely insane. I couldn't imagine working in such a toxic environment. Careers are going to die here. Caroline Mulroney's political aspirations are pretty much done.
Good luck, man. Take your time in healing up.
I cringe watching him bang bodies in the paint. I have had this same injury and all I wanted to do was curl up in a ball and cry. He is one tough hombre.
Take care of your body. In the game it's your money maker but in life it's the only thing you have.
It's what happens when you try to run a government like you would a business. You have people who have no clue how anything works.
I have a dozen before breakfast
Something about China and India and how Canadian trees make Canada carbon neutral I imagine. They are most likely still trying to cobble something together at the last minute so I imagine anything and everything is on the table.
I watched Death of Stalin with Steve Buscemi recently and it makes me think about the Ford and his sadly cowed caucus. If my boss told me and all my coworkers to go out to corner stores to ponder why i can't buy booze there and post it on social media so all my friends could laugh at me, I like to think we would all laugh at him. This is all crazy and no where near normal.
He was the backbone of some fantastic Grizzly teams. The resume is there for it.
We are down to one and possibly two games left in the season. I've watched a ton of ball this year and it's been totally worth it. Thank you everyone for being part of this.
What an idiot. Painful.
Old man yells at cloud
It was a pretty lame scandal and all it really did was destroy the credibility (or what was left of it) of postmedia as an honest broker. Perhaps the conservatives need to start pumping out some policy and take a break from the memes if they want to be taken seriously.
Not wrong, lying. Americans are lying. Let's use the right words.
People in Calgary were signing O Canada in the streets last night. Beautiful how the Raptors are the antidote to divisive politics.
This is what out $30 million in taxpayer dollars is paying for. Low level knuckledragger propaganda. I'm willing to bet CAPP initially thought they were getting a good deal having taxpayers fund their PR operations but there has to be a point where they realize they made a massive mistake.
Maybe it's being driven by one of those yellow vest guys who got stranded there.
So....right after the federal election then. They are waiting to do nurses and teachers nasty at a more opportune time. Unions better get ready to battle.
In the rest of Canada it would be met with polite applause but nothing like this.
Kyle is the real one.
Better give some tax breaks to billionaires. That will help.
Translation: we have no platform and want to make it about leaders What happened to conservatives in this country? When did ideas become the enemy?
Conservatives want to make it about leaders because they have no ideas. Rex laments about Scheer being weak but perhaps if there were some platforms to discuss then being wishy washy would not be such a hinderance.
You make it sound like a stargate and a backup planet is not a credible plan
I used to think the same about Blockbuster video.
If Kenney, Ford, Moe, and the rest of The Resistance wanted to work out a solution it would have been done from behind closed doors and not with a big publicity stunt. I am disgusted by this divisive play and how Postmedia continues to push it. These unsigned editorials are the worst. I have never before hoped for a media organization to fail but they don't serve Canada by this gaslighting.
I don't like this divisive Brexiteer lunacy in my country. If people want to get something done they should act like professionals and not just in it for the memes. This is childish. Sorry if that hurts your feelings. This derp only works against Alberta and the oil industry.
The gaslighting is real
In the time of trump, there was never a better time to be rid of Harper.
I'm talking about how this gaslighting is unCanadian and this is a stupid attempt to divide people based on memes and ignorance. The Resistance is not being serious and have no desire to work to get things done. I despise this dishonesty.
There is more than the oil industry in Alberta and in Canada. A lot more. Right now most Canadians support pipelines and development of the oil sands, conditionally. That support disappears if you make people choose between the environment and oil. It's taken a lot of work to get Canadians to favour oil producers and to see the benefits of them and these guys are just throwing it all away.
Tax cuts for billionaires while laying off teachers and nurses helps....hmmm....no one actually.
&gt;But you’re making the mistake of conflating Bill C-69 with an environmental protection bill. Do you think most people know that? This is about feelings. Get people into an emotional place and they dig in. The oil industry/Alberta government is playing a dangerous game here.
I have no desire to be treated like the Chris Christie of countries.
Fred has the attitude of a winner in life
I think just playing alongside Pascal would be a great selling point.
Aww he's making friends :)
He also stares at the sun during an eclipse and thinks the moon is in the orbit of Mars so...
People in Calgary were dancing in the streets and singing O Canada.
Hate to thrown water on all the poll watching but remember when we had an NDP majority government on the way weeks out from the vote?
He really is a fun guy
I was worried he was going to fall off the bus
I suspect the city thought maybe 80-100 thousand people would show and planned for that.
He has a history with basketball in the city. People don't forget stuff like that. Getting booed at the Special Olympics was probably a warning that he should just avoid anything to do with sports and crowds. I wonder if he was going to say a few words but realized how disastrous that would turn out.
One that had a weird outburst hours after Andrew Scheer said he would show this sort of stuff the door. If Scheer cannot handle putting his foot down in his own party, how could he handle trump, or China, or Vlad Putin? He should be decisive and strong but he won't be. This is a failure of leadership and the longer it goes the more it shows that Scheer just isn't ready.
I bet he's a fun guy
If anyone thinks they know what is going on in Kawhi's head, they are lying to themselves.
Old Age Security and CPP is their number one target but healthcare would definitely be on the chopping block.
They would never say it even though last time around they pushed OAS/GIS to 67 robbing over $25k from low income seniors. The catch is that it doesn't affect retired people now but people in their 40's and 50's so boomers can dick over others without feeling that pain themselves.
He stay
&gt; The verbal gymnastics Scheer is going through to not say that he's imposing a carbon tax is quite something. I don't think he was expecting to have to defend his plan which means he has situational awareness of a house plant. He should be ready to intelligibly describe his own policy in detail and not have it described to him by the interviewer. He has grown used to just releasing memes and dealing with friendly media that he hasn't been doing the work necessary to be a leader.
We're going to get rid of the job killing carbon tax....with another carbon tax.
If Scheer hasn't shown him the door by now he never will. This is a direct challenge of Andrew's leadership and it shows how weak he is. In his immigration speech, it was in no uncertain terms how this sort of lunacy didn't have a place in the party but mere hours later, Cooper rants like a loon in committee and.....nothing. It's like dealing with children, you have to back up your threats and be consistent in your punishment or else they will walk all over you. In this case, we know who has the power in the CPC and it isn't Andrew Scheer.
Can we talk about Postmedia here? They are spreading lies and conspiracy theory drivel without any remorse or correction. I find this harmful to respectful political discussion.
Harper said we should capitulate on day one of trade negotiations and give trump whatever he wanted. I don't consider that strong.
Maybe solar needs its own war room. We can use money meant for hungry school kids and feed that into propping up an industry.
I love how graceful he is. It's like he is a dancer. Well deserved and congratulations. Next year, OG wins this.
He's doing a terrible job of staying out of the spotlight for Andrew. Every day is new insanity that just focuses on the circus in The Resistance. The Ford/Scheer alliance is floundering.
A carbon tithe.
The booing definitely shook them because Ford fired a ton of people for just doing what he told them to do like a day later. I don't think Caroline Mulroney wanted to be seen in a corner store looking for booze so people on social media could laugh at her. I would imagine she sees herself as a serious person. Not anymore though which is sad/funny how many political careers Doug Ford has destroyed.
Ford is a fake feminist obviously
Investigations are never sexy. It's all procedure. It's when the work is done and evidence presented is when it gets interesting.
Say what you will about these family values christians, they sure do know how to party.
I was given a gift card for five free lessons and only intended to use that and bail but as soon as I sunk in my first choke I was hooked.
How many autistic children could have support in school with this money? How many people could still be working at legal aid? etc
I kind of assumed this was going to be the outcome just because it seems conservatives have a thing for fighting court cases they know they are going to lose.
People also don't want to live in a world getting warmer but here we are.
How is that possible? I have been told that trudeau has killed the industry.
Stampede I can do without it
Randy Quaid?
I seriously wish you good luck being led into war by that imbecile in the WH.
After what the US did to the Kurds there isn't a lot of support for your clown president.
loving the east coast rap shout out
Why exactly are Americans allowing his impeached insane old criminal to threaten war crimes on a nation of people?
This is all so stupid
cOnSeRvAtIvEs ArE gOoD wItH mOnEy
Canadian troops are there on a training mission. Hard to train people when you have a crazy baboon threatening war and genocide from a golf course in Florida.
High as a kite he is. This reminds me of a bike accident I got into years ago when I was doing a mountain trail far beyond my skill level. I hit a jump at speed and while in the air I was saying to myself "this is fine, it's good, everything is cool, just fine" (it wasn't fine)
I'm pissed about the missed call that got the tie but I'm happy that Melo is proving the haters wrong.
Kuz wouldn't make it off our bench.
It's an insane system. You know, my American friends, socialized medicine isn't so scary. I had cancer as a teenager. three long years of chemo. Only bill that came to my family was for parking at the hospital. You might have to give up dreams of another war in the Middle East to pay for it though.
So what are you going to do about it?
The Iranian dude who pushed the button most likely thought he was taking down an American bomber. Why would someone think they were under attack? Perhaps tweeting about committing war crimes and slaughtering civilians puts people on edge.
I think being honest is the respectful thing to do with your people. Sorry if that hurts your feelings.
Calm your tits, Doris. If you don't want to support your fellow troops that's your business.
People do have to release medically for head trauma. If you have CTE there are not a lot of things you can do in the military. If you served you would know that.
Even Andy Scheer could muddle through a conversation in French. It shows a sign of laziness. If you want the job, better get cracking the books and get to work.
That's very interesting. Thank you.
I wonder how many parents of serving members are thinking how dangerous it is for their children to serve in a military that is there for the use of personal favours from the president. All Kim Jong-un needs to do is offer to build a trump golf course and next thing you are at war with Japan.
So good to be Canadian you have no idea.
They deserved a lot better. I'm going to be angry about that the rest of my life.
Only in Alberta is the mere thought of diversifying the economy seen as a bad thing. The mentality is like we are dating oil and gas but want to see other people on the side and oil gets pissy about it.
Very on brand
It's cool. I'm told he's a "baby christian" and he helps Franklin Graham launder money so that makes him like god and he can do what he wants.
The man admitted to grabbing women by the vagina and has 20+ sexual assault allegations against him. He laundered money through casinos he bankrupted and can't even sell vodka. Mistakes like this don't happen. This was willful ignorance from people blinded by greed and racism.
I imagine that scene from Raiders of the Lost Ark when they cracked the ark open.
Someone should ask Susan Collins if she finds this concerning.
Franklin Graham says he is a "baby christian" so that makes it ok
Sort your shit out, merica.
People who sucked at school have no respect for it. As always, it's the kids I feel sorry for. Old people are trying to fuck them out of a good education.
"I moved on her like a bitch"
Jason Kenney is quite unpopular and is in way over his head.
There is power in the pregnant pause that you won't get from just yammering. It appears like he was going to say "motherf#cker" but he went for the diplomatic approach instead.
He ain't wrong
oh my Donald is a very tough person while hiding in his bunker
Only in Canada can trump having tear gassed and the beating of peaceful protestors involve Trudeau. The PM has stood up to trump when he wanted the border open or when he wanted to invite Vladimir Putin to the G7 which is his job. It's up to Americans to sort out their own business.
Harper's war on the courts is what turned me off the CPC as a viable option. It really showed a dark side to the right wing that didn't agree with me. It just snowballed after that. Mulroney may have been a crook but he brought in the GST and important acid rain legislation. I couldn't imagine this bunch doing anything like that.
Once you crack open fortress Calgary is when you know things are bad in CPC land. Conservatives have taken Alberta for granted for so long that them losing their grip has just pushed them over the edge. There is an expectation for people to get in line and vote solid blue but Alberta is a younger more progressive province than given credit for and the old ways are changing.
John Malkovich is so good in this
My family and I are leaving the province for good this November. Not my problem after that. Let the rednecks have their pipelines and their abusive relationship with foreign oil companies while they whine about how everyone oppresses them. I'm done with it.
I used to work in the oil patch in project management but I moved into project management in residential construction which I can really do from anywhere as long as I have the interwebs. My wife is a nurse and the work conditions for her got to the point where it's not in her best interests to stay in Alberta. That and our kids having to deal with what our idiot provincial govt is doing to education gave us no reason to stay. Fortunately, people with the right education and experience are employable anywhere. My wife got a good offer to work in BC and we are taking it.
Education is a big reason why we are leaving. I want my children to have a future and I just don't see that happening.
I am fine with taxes that pays for education and healthcare. You can't have a functioning society without it. Oil isn't coming back and Alberta doesn't want to adapt to reality so we would rather live somewhere with a future.
Hilarious. I'll tell her some random internet guy said that.
Thanks. It has been a hard decision but this province has made some bad decisions in my time living here and I don't see it changing.
Alberta spends $30 million a year on an embezzlement scam/war room that has proven itself to be worthless. An army of issues managers whose sole purpose is to gaslight and harass residents online, committed $7 billion to a pipeline project to the US that will probably never be built all the while pretending to be broke while not even having a PST. Self inflicted wounds.
Don't forget the war room and the small army of issues managers pulling in $200k/year to slander and harass Alberta citizens.
So he has a mortgage that was before he got into politics and he declared it to the ethics board. No really sure what the story here is.
There's a pandemic going on. It's been in the news.
If conservatives stopped trying to be republicans I would appreciate it. Bad enough my MP is hiding out in the US and refuses to come back to Canada, she is also a semi-regular muppet on Fox News.
I had to deal with Service Canada recently to do some admin for my dad's CPP so I went to Canada.ca, did an e-request, a lady calls me back an hour later and I have to say she was wonderful and we sorted out my issue. This pandemic may have trudeau getting the good polling out of the government's handling but it's the civil servants who are doing all the work under really strange and rapidly changing circumstances.
Let what is happening to Alberta be a cautionary tale for the rest of the country. These are not your father's conservatives.
Of course he did. Those Canadian "values" he likes to pump up in effect I see. Many US call centres also use prison labour because late stage capitalism and all that so I wonder if there are American convicts who have had access to private information of Canadian citizens.
Universities should be about learning about oil, gas, and coal. That's it. Learning about jobs of yesterday today.
The UCP is still going to try to hamstring it. Guaranteed.
To distract while healthcare, education, and public lands are sold off to Kenney's donors. I wish I was kidding. This is what Scheer would be doing on the national scale if PM today. Let Alberta be a warning to others the folly of voting conservative.
This is why people think Albertans are so cringe. I hope that the rest of the country realizes that it's only like...half of us, damn.
Or abandoned on site and have to make your own way back to the Fort Mac airport when the company cancels your transport.
My countdown to leaving this province is on. My wife and kids move to BC in the fall and I follow up in February. Going to be glorious to not have to deal with the whining and the gaslighting.
All the time this guy was in Ottawa there were two words that he never spoke. They were "pipelines" and "equalization". He's a fraud in everything he does.
The UCP is currently taking federal government money to keep their staffers employed. COVID dried up their fundraising so they had to take CEWS making Justin Trudeau the UCP's biggest donor.
This is what they want. They will blame trudeau for their screw ups because that is what have been brainwashed into doing.
If Albertans want to know who is screwing them over, they need to look in the mirror.
There is job snobbery in this province and it makes me crazy. People on min wage bust their ass and have been keeping things running the past few months but we are back to looking down our noses at them. I hope when kenney or any member of this govt eats out that the kitchen staff rubs their genitals all over the steak.
This is Alberta. People here do what they are told and will vote for who they are told.
When Harper got the boot, oil had gone from $80/barrel to $40/barrel and dropping fast over a period of six months and do you know what he did? He campaigned on banning niqabs and nice hair ads. He never even mentioned the oil and gas sector and abandoned the province. All the many year that Jason Kenney sat in Ottawa there were two words that never came out of his mouth, "pipelines" and "equalization". Useless.
The UCP is trying to stack the school boards with similar minded drones. The decision to leave this province wasn't easy to do but I feel so much better about it every day.
People in Alberta voted for Jason Kenney in the first place. That's a tell.
They are empire worshiping apostates
They literally run the Alberta government. Bill 1 was passed with the purpose of stopping people from protesting, they hijacked teacher pensions to give to Kenney's donors for their projects, they stopped all environmental monitoring and reporting, the government is selling off provincial parks for open pit coal mines. I can go on all day.
CAPP is a gangster outfit. There has never been a more crooked government in the history of the province. It's quite shocking really. Everyone knew they would be bad but even those of us smart enough to avoid the UCP had no idea it would be so bad.
Because it saves lives, money, and stops the spread of disease. UCP voters care about none of those unfortunately.
&gt; Put that money into treatment beds. Sites with staff. Other resources That's the thing. They won't do any of that. It's like when we talk about refugees and say "wHaT aBoUt HoMeLeSs VeTerAnS?!" and then cut funding for the homeless. It's a cheap and cynical ploy to do nothing.
If it keeps someone from dying it's a good use of resources.
We can stop spending money on war rooms and issues managers. Kenney can cut back on traveling to the US for prayer breakfasts and we don't need to keep putting loser friends of the premier on panels. Harm reduction methods are exponentially less expensive than repeated ER visits.
Gaslighting
Who is going to buy a car that pollutes more? Is there really much of a market for that?
I live in Alberta. The only Canadian province that wants to be Alabama.
My MP, Michelle Rempel, has been hiding out in Oklahoma for the past four months and she has no intention of coming back anytime soon. I hope the CPC gets wiped out across the board next election.
pArLiAmEnT iS aN eSsEnTiAL sErViCe
That's for other people
I was blocked on twitter when I asked her what she was doing to represent the hundreds of people in her riding whose employment is tied to the university after Kenney took a hatchet to education. Her trolls then started to threaten me for asking such a question. If you vote for her, you get what you deserve,
You would be very correct. Why anyone would trust Brexit/trump fanboys is beyond me.
I am so happy to be leaving this province for good this fall. There are more sane places in this country to live. Once education and healthcare are chopped up and sold off, I wonder who will get the blame for it. My money is on Trudeau.
It was a difficult decision up until we thought about the future of our children then it was the easiest decision we ever made. Alberta is going full petro cult on us and there is no future here. I used to think at least we have the mountains but now those are going to be opened to strip mining for coal. My wife is a nurse and the abuse she received from (former) friends who were laid off from their oil jobs but upset that she wasn't has been too much. Blaming everyone else for your own misery may be the Alberta way but it isn't for us. It's a shame because Calgary is a great city but this province sucks.
"Not a great athlete"
&gt; A good number of young professionals I know are leaving because, quite frankly, they're sick of being the punching bag for Kenney's future blind policies. Why would you want to work somewhere that you are not respected? Even worse, have people in power openly hostile to you? Alberta needs a reality check.
Committees are where the work of government is done. It's not the job of conservatives to topple anyone (who thinks like that?).
Like most Alberta conservative politicians, she has no actual roots in the province. She is a terrible representative and I cringe whenever one of the panel shows has her on. So much cringe.
They are using "I have a black friend" technique
When oil crashed in 2015/2016 I lost my sweet project management six figure gig and I was gutted. I fell into the bottle and fell apart. Thankfully, I married a super hero and my wife took care of me. She works as a nurse and was subjected to all sorts of hatred from people who I thought were friends because she didn't lose her job too. It was a wtf moment and it showed me a real ugly side to this province. When I got out of my funk and retooled my skillset to something outside of oil and got busy again, there were people who I used to work with who hoped I would fail and tried to put a dark cloud over everything I did. I love Calgary, I love Canada, but I hate Alberta. It's sad but I can't see this province changing. Once they start talking about stealing your pension to give to their donors, it's time to bail.
I want conservatives to actually be law and order people. When Harper started attacking the courts he lost me. It was a good time to bail on that whole right wing politics thing because it has gone in the toilet worldwide.
The move is already in process. By end of November (hopefully) I will be done with this province forever. Good luck.
Being a conservative politician in Alberta is the easiest job in the world. Don't have to do anything for your constituents and get to blame everyone else for your screw ups. Guaranteed employment and a fat federal pension they want to deny everyone else. When oil crashed before the 2015 election, Alberta was a mess. Know what Harper campaigned on? Banning niqabs and nice hair ads. Didn't even mention what was going on in Alberta. No talk of equalization, no talk about pipelines. Fricking niqabs because it was more important to appeal to bigots in Quebec than workers in Alberta who were going to vote for him anyways.
Jesus drank wine. No reason why you shouldn't as long as it's in moderation.
Merica is such an embarrassment.
It was a branch of christianity cheering for racism and hatred. If those are things that no longer concern christians...
Asians getting hassled by the red hats is not funny. It's not a joke. It's not something decent people do.
Christians are not necessarily good people. More often than not, when someone bangs a bible they are hiding behind it.
You should see what Jason Kenney has been up to if that is so upsetting.
Firing the elections commissioner who was investigating him stealing identities and committing fraud to be party leader, ripping up contracts for doctors and chasing them from the province, privatizing education, stealing money from victims of violence fund, closing down provincial parks so he can sell them off for resource extraction, I can go on. The man is quite the slimey rat. Edit: no disrespect to rats
Their prices? That's all sorts of messed up.
I propose a referendum: Alberta should stop funding immediately all private and charter schools and put that money into public education where it belongs
&gt;Why is a Church hosting a political event? It's not so much a church as it is a money laundering organization.
Please go away
The man is such a child but so are his supporters. Keep your trump trash out of my country.
Even then it's the usual suspects of bitter old cranks.
Trump is murdering American citizens and people are like meh
While the US bumbles its way into a banana republic
Nice
Krause has been dragged and debunked multiple times. She's a fraud.
I don't think anyone is surprised by this. Those t-shirts and professionally produced "protest" signs are not the work of a grassroots organization.
Weird how a premier who has attracted Sons of Odin, yellow vesters, and Rebel Media into his camp could have such people in his circle. So odd. I'm sure this will somehow either be the fault of Notley or Trudeau.
I attended the one in Calgary. Thought there would be maybe 100 people. Imagine my surprise when it was thousands. It was awesome to see. What was also good was that the majority of the people were wearing masks and trying to maintain distance. Masks work, use them.
I work in the Beltline in Calgary, I have seen scant evidence of that.
I like to think there is a difference between acting like a clown at a party and holocaust denial.
With Erin O'Toole winning the Jason Kenney nod, I wonder if he is comfortable with being associated with someone on par with a holocaust denier and if he has a statement to issue. The UCP is so low class I can't even. They might as well reanimate the corpse of Jim Keegstra and pay it $200k/yr to spout racist drivel as the voice of Alberta.
I hate this province so much
Kenney hangs around with Rebel Media trash. This is who they are.
The rednecks love this shit.
&gt; Explain this to me Kenney. It's trudeau's fault, or Notley, or Tides, or the Europeans, or the Roma, or Moody's, or Greta, or the urban elitists, or the environmentalists, etc.
[This is one that was certainly written by this guy](https://pressprogress.ca/jason-kenney-vladimir-putins-jailing-of-dissidents-is-instructive-on-how-to-deal-with-environmentalists/)
It's not like trump has done nothing, he tried to get Russia back into the G7 a month after finding out about this and the morning of that photo op at the church across the street from the WH when he had protestors, journalists, and priests gassed and beaten, he was on the phone with Vladimir. So you can't say he has done nothing. He has just done nothing for the American people. How he polls around 37% of Americans is pretty amazing.
&gt; If you disobey a leader just because he is an idiot or you don't like their politics, you are a bad soldier and leader. A soldier has a duty to disobey an unlawful command. Nuremburg trials said just following orders doesn't cut it.
Have never seen Howl's Moving Castle so that's on my watch list. It's such beautiful story telling Miyazaki does.
Those COVID numbers in Florida are something. I think trying to hide infections and pretending everything is great hasn't been the best strategy.
Trump has mused about executing journalists and having peaceful protestors slaughtered in the street. I would disobey those orders.
They are like the Vichy French. They hate their own countrymen enough to side with a foreign aggressor.
The problem of making oil a fetish item that you love is that when it starts to wane people are in denial and the desire to do other things and diversify the economy is seen as being disloyal and you are cheating on bitumen. Want to work in IT? Education? Healthcare? Those are not real jobs and they owe everything to the oilpatch and if the patch is suffering then everyone has to. There are some real cult vibes to parts of the province.
Is "Pentagon" another word for "Mexico" because I was assured that they were paying for this idiotic wall. There was chanting and merchandise.
Your own candle doesn't burn brighter because you blow out someone else's.
Our health minister went to the home of a doctor and threatened him in front of his family. It was met with a meh. Only in Alberta.
Kenney is what a President Mike Pence would be like.
[The rot goes a lot deeper than just the president](https://thehill.com/homenews/senate/395719-gop-senators-visited-moscow-on-july-4) I'm amazed he hasn't been dragged out of office yet.
Just hours after suggesting it Trudeau, Merkel, BoJo, Macron all came out and said nope, not gonna happen.
I suspect this is a tip of the ice berg situation. The real dirt won't come until until trump is out of office and at least one of his idiot children is in prison.
Evangelicals will sacrifice everyone in the world as long as they win their culture war.
Someone needs to get Mattis in front of a microphone. There are a lot of questions here.
He'll be on the phone with Putin and then launch a trade war on Peru.
And he is high all the time and an imbecile.
When Republican senators voted not to remove trump after impeachment they knew. They all knew.
&gt;Can some explain this to me, like I'm 5? Alberta is a silly place. Source: am Albertan
I suspect this is the tip of the ice berg
The slow rolling of the news can be beautiful. Release a bit, let them get their lies in order, release more to demolish those lies, repeat.
I never saw the appeal of Mackay. He has been billed as the saviour of the party but his time as Justice Minister was unimpressive to say the least.
OMG brilliant
That's fire
