In here somewhere. https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B6chOKnndfctUEhtQnBMeHRqTXc
Older gay boyfriend's place.
Not that I have seen. I was trying to add, but not terribly easy.
You could go into the spell list and add sorcerer for every cleric spell, if you have patience. I tried to modify the Xanathar's guide, but there isn't an easy way to give every cleric spell to them as a bonus.
Go to the orcpub2 front page, select D&amp;D5e Spells and then expand and edit each spell. Click the sorcerer button for each one. This will require you to deliberately not choose cleric spells for the other sorcerer subclasses though. Making the bonus sorcerer spell will most likely require you to hit homebrew for spell selection and taking it as an extra, modifying the bonus spell to be tied to alignment is beyond me.
Never mind, can only do that with the downloadable spell sources.
1 level of hexblade for INT attacks, med armor and shield is gishy fun. Makes the armour of agathys abjuration build much stronger. Is good stuff. Still a dip.
Of course NAMBLA used to march in pride parades as well.
It depends a lot on how the DM presents combat encounters. I have played in a lot of games where you end up in a 30x30 room and the monsters appear out of the walls. Speed is useless.
In general, your best spell as a Bard is Hypnotic circle. If you get one of the Bard Instruments down the road it is far more OP. I was sad to see that Stinking Cloud doesn't stop people from moving out of the stinking cloud, just steals their actions. For Magical secrets, I like Counterspell and Spiritual Guardians, but Haste and Fireball may be what you want. The problem with the Bard list is that it is VERY concentration heavy, and not much blasting, so fireball helps fill the void. Pass the stealth check requires you to be next to the caster. You rarely need Deception AND Persuasion to be maxed, usually you can use the one you are good at for the situation at hand. My recommendation, feel free to heap scorn upon its min/maxxy soul, is: Half Elf, 6 Lore Bard/ 1 Hexblade Warlock 9 14 14 13 10 17 - Take Elven accuracy at 4 for 18 Cha. and super advantage. With Medium Armor and Shield, you can have 18 AC with full stealth, use CHA for to hit and damage, so you won't be worthless in combat. Also the hex curse once a rest. Take the Shield spell, and booming blade and eldritch blast as cantrips. Other Feats you should consider are: Ritual Caster (Wizard) for your familiar and a ton of great ritual spells that scale with you. Inspiring Leader, to give everybody Level +CHA temp hp every short rest. Less flashy, but your party will thank you.
Blade Dancer wizards are waiting patiently for 11th level, yes. Especially if they have Elvish Accuracy.
Make it firebolt that does piercing or bludgeoning damage. If it does non-combat stuff as well, make it cost two cantrips.
It dates back to Original Dungeons and Dragons, pre-AD&amp;D v1. Wizards could use daggers and quarterstaffs, clerics blunt weapons, druids non metal armor, wooden shields, scimitars, spears, quarterstaves. Fighters didn't have much of their own. They left them the longswords and plate.
He was just following the recipes of a potions genius though....
I wasn't overwhelmed with preachiness. Tolkien and Sanderson both have their works influenced by their faith, I am as ridiculously atheist as you might find and wasn't bothered here.
Well, the Terrans are very much junior partners in the Ekumen, and the assumption was that the Hain had done some biological engineering in the distant past and forgotten about it after the initial Hainish galactic civilization collapsed, as they tended to do.
Hey... Kind of dickish.
Because you are a judgemental.
Remember, all of this is why the invasion of Iraq was a horriffic mistake that we will never stop paying for. And by paying for, i mean feeling kind of bad about while furriners suffer.
It is another data point that the megacorporation AIs will use to map my brain and enslave me.
Or just be attractive and fuck cougars.
https://www.diffen.com/difference/Ethics_vs_Morals
I think you underestimate the amount of evil every culture has and overestimate how evil Nazis were. Meet some Germans. They have no more capacity for applied evil than we do. The capacity for atrocity is within us all, just floating beneath the surface. Humans have a strong tendency to adapt tribal attitudes where we people as "the other", animals to be killed. Trump, or more accurately , a bunch of shitheads in his camp, are stoking the same emotional engines that Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin did, and for many of the same reasons. People are responding to this. We are seeing a normalization of racist hate and authoritarianism.
Nazis, like the alt-right and the Tea Party are indeed conservative. So conservative they are reactionary and regressive. I have never seen a more American phrase than "making breezes into river beds" by the way. You are a 100% red blooded American human being.
If you permit Nazis to march with you, I have no desire to listen to a single fucking word that you have to say. Calling the conservative right out for their racism and hate is long fucking overdue. Fix your party or get plowed over.
Signs like these are part of the process of filtering out the bullshit. There is NO reason to listen to people who have proven time and time again that they are arguing in bad faith. Letting these shitheads come into the public sphere of ideas and lie and spread hate over and over again is stupid. Fuck them. Let them stay in their little fox news breitbart fantasy land while the grown ups do the hard work of fixing things.
Trump thinks that white people are better than brown people. He wants to make it so that brown people cannot come to the US and white people can. He defends Nazis, the KKK and the alt-right. This is what white supremacy means.
This is typical right wing bullshit. There have been no actual conservatives in US politics since the late 70s. The Republican party wants to eliminate social welfare programs and spend all that money on the military and law enforcement. They haven't been rational since Eisenhower. Libertarians are worse, they are all personal freedom until it comes for things like abortion, then all of a sudden they think that the states should be allowed to prohibit it. They are a trendy coat of shitty paint over the same old racist bullshit. Currently, the alt-right is taking its cues from their new thought leaders, Russian propagandists. They have allowed Russian nostalgia for the communist party's prime seep into the rhetoric. Irate mamas boys on the internet are lapping the shit up with two spoons. Late stage Communism was pretty far from a socialistic ideal anyway. Socialism tends to get ground into the gears. Pure anything, capitalism, socialism, whatever , isn't going to work without the people fixing the abuses and smoothing the rough edges.
Release the memo? How about Trump declassifies the FISA intercepts and releases them publicly. He won't do that because he is a traitor and a thief? Okay, thanks for commenting Ivan.
He is fucking some employee at RussiaLago. DC political reporting pool knows. Doesn't report.
Japanese are fucking serious about food.
https://www.zagat.com/r/g-m-restaurant-lounge-linthicum-heights1 Zagat rated, no less.
Yep.
Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky.
The temple took temple currency, shekels, which was the pre-roman currency of Israel. No one had much of that, they all had Roman currency,with the Romans running shit, and coining currency and all.
And his glorious protestantism has given us the prosperity gospel. Much better.
Well, send them to hell of course. If he was still around he would be carrying a rope whip.
Indeed, no matter how beautiful the tenets of the religion may be, it will accrue a crust of shithead con-men over time.
Not slower. Just more annoying. Traffic is gridlocked. Car in front of you moves forward 10 feet. You move forward 10 feet. For a few hours. This used to be my every Friday. In a stick, the steps are: Let off brake and ease in clutch, giving the right amount of gas. Immediately push in clutch and brake. Shift to neutral for pedal recovery. Steer to stay in lane. If uphill, probably use fucking emergency brake in case I fuck up heel and toe three pedal bullshit. For two or three fucking hours. In an automatic: Let off brake. Steer. Brake. Play candy crush. Also for three fucking hours. One of these doesn't send me into a killing range when I have to do it for two-three hours, the last two needing to piss like crazy.
Sadly, in a modern car, you would eventually have to get new O2 sensors and catalytic converter... Ruining any idle savings. In a proper old model vehicle you would be fine, I had a VW thing with a shitty alternator that I could roll start on any relatively flat surface, I usually chose my drinking areas for having a nice hill to park on top of. I could roll start it in reverse out of a parallel park after a while.
Which is great for all my fucking rally car racing to work and the post office. Always need to get the car's weight over the wheels while cornering if I need to stop at the 7-11.
Mostly needed in parking garages and hills that have a stop sign/opposing traffic. If I don't need to worry about stopping immediately, I can just lay on the gas when the clutch engages and I will stay moving.
Because I have been doing this for an hour and I am covering the gas and brake with one foot. Taking it to neutral lets me relax my clutch foot for a bit. Also, no idea how long the car in front of me is going to stay still, why ride the clutch for 30 seconds?
I plan to drive an old mercedes diesel fueled with oils rendered from dead humans. Straight stick, of course.
It is essentially YoungYoungs.
All part of the dice roll.
The tipoff is that they didn't have nearly enough space for fuel.
Better yet. Rob a bank. Put tracked serial numbers in money you give to boss. Boom.
He hears the creak of a bowstring. RAW: He is not surprised, and he gets to act at his initiative.
Yes.
You are referring to my new social media profile.
I made her a 2nd level fighter, 5th ish level blade dancer, but it looks like she went to 4th to get a feat and balance d10 and d6 hitpoints. She is poorly optimized.
The steel and aluminum tariffs are flat out gifts to Russia and China.
WHERE IS IT.
Is not up......
I assume that he lost it in the backpack debacle. Along with the mysterious scripted black stones. Edit. Sadly it looks like he lost everything except: Orange highlight | Location: 662 Options He started shoving everything that had survived into it: the leather roll that contained his Soulsmith tools, the polished wooden case holding his badge collection, the notes on hunger madra, and his Heart of Twin Stars manual. He was especially relieved when he found that in one piece. The Eye of the Deep went inside too, Note:All that remains It is an inventory apocalypse, a save file corruption. Oh the humanity. Pots and pans, camping equipment, fifty pounds of bandages. Parasite ring. Odd scripted black stones. 45 metric tons of bandages. Scattered and abandoned on a beach in a pocket universe that collapsed. If only it had lasted another few weeks til linden had a void key, soon to be the most tightly packed void key known to mankind. Axe. For a while he was doing everything in the fight with his skelegrip. But eventually he grabbed Harmony's wrist with the skelehand and grabbed and threw the gate key with... unknown hand. Presumably the right hand, so he dropped the axe, or he was craftier than Jim Abbott fielding a bunt. Counterpoint... no fucking way Lindon leaves an underlord weapon lying about. Particularly a brute force ideal weapon.
“A void key! I've only glimpsed them from afar. It's rare for even an Underlord to have such a thing. It contains a private space, accessible only by the one who holds it. Whatever you keep in here, no one can touch it unless they steal the key.” Lindon wished there was a tear running down his face so that he could wipe it away. “I've never seen anything so beautiful.”
Little old lady with a Megatron cannon though. She needs to reach lord so that she can carry it in a soulspace.
Tricky. Does bending down, picking up the axe, and walking away from the collapsed Harmony make him too stone cold? Does it detract or dilute the already stone cold parting words.... Being a writer must be hard.
Israel is not a member of NATO. Perhaps if our dumbshit president agreed to uphold article 5 of the NATO treaty, we would have more clout. Instead, he is attacking NATO and our allies in order to please Putin, China and the house of Saud.
And yet, GDP growth was barely 2%. NATO is stating that the US' unilateral abandonment of a signed peace treaty has made war with Israel more likely, and if Iran attacks Israel as a consequence NATO will not be drawn into the conflict. NATO's participation in every war they have participated in, with the exception of the Afghanistan conflict to attempt to destroy Bin Laden and the Taliban, have been outside of its treaty requirements and at the discretion of its members.
Will be my favorite book.
We can hope. They were with the badges in his pack t the end of SoulSmith, the last time they were mentioned.
But Yerin has long range sword madra attacks as well, and can get them off much faster than Lindon, though Lindon's dreamwater training has clearly made him much faster with dragonsbreath. As Lindon keeps using Heaven and Earth Purification wheel though... He will eventually be able to overwhelm her with dragonfire.
Are his black scripted stones in his badge case, on the beach in a collapsed pocket world or somewhere else. I care about his inventory, I really do.
THIS is a Salisbury steak. https://images2.miaminewtimes.com/imager/does-everybody-eat-their-tv-dinners-on-woo/u/original/6581884/banquetsalsburysteakdinner.jpg The Hamburg Steak was very much the same dish as the Salisbury Steak, ground beef patty in gravy. Both names existed pre-wwI, they just emphasized the Salisbury name.
I will grace you with the entire body of knowledge we have. From Soulsmith: Page: 246 Tucked away with the bindings were a trio of polished black river stones, each marked with a tiny script-circle that Lindon couldn't identify. He tucked them away, just in case, Page: 258 he saw no need to mention the badges or the scripted black stones, which he'd already scavenged and placed in his pack. - This completes our knowledge of the scripted black stones. They were never seen again. I am confident that the plot of the entire series will eventually revolve around the fate of a trio of polished black river stones, each marked with a tiny script-circle.
You fell for it.
Some heretics say that will mentioned that his original plans for them never panned out and they are pointless. But I know better.
Keep in mind she just blocked an underlord dragon flame attack... So the outcome is far from certain.
Dude's shit is coming lose. He is loosing his mind.
It mis-stated the poll group. It was Republican voters.
I feel that a usage limit I built in to the bullet time predictive ability. It is an enhanced version of the ability one gets with ghostwater ( Dross' connection to Lindon was described the same as Ghostwater ingestion, a spike at the base of the skull. Ghostwater was the key ingredient of the power up.) So it should have similar usage restrictions, a pool of power that Lindon / Dross' can use for a huge advantage, which drpletes the pool and must be recharged by gathering madra. A huge advantage is that it may recharge on it's own, as Dross is essentially a auxilliary core for Lindon.
Nunes will be a huge liability come November.
Nice try Russian troll? It is borderline, good mouth froth, pushing the message, bad grasp of reality. Could be fox newsy, could be a witty satire on the state of the gop.
Cuomo is a backroom political machine who has never given a crap about the poor, or healthcare, or disparity in sentencing. Nixon is talking the talk and walking the walk. Nixon all the way.
We always are. That is politics. Senate control this term may decide the supreme Court for 25 years.
Out of curiosity, have there been any formulation changes in the "stylish" "new-model" antidepressants recently? Efexxor almost killed me a decade ago. Suicide risks in bi-polar and cyclic depressive disorders peaks as people are transitioning from severely depressed to less depressed. They suddenly have the energy and drive to do things, but have the memory of the pain of depression fresh in their minds.
The thing is, we seem to idolize suicide because we can't understand what it truly means. We think we can understand what it means have the things that terrify us happen, we imagine them in great detail. Because those things are imaginable, and suicide is not, we see suicide as an option. As a survival feature, we can only think about short term goals naturally. Food. Sex. We can think about bad things with great detail, usually to adapt our stupid brains to avoid them. In modern life, this is not a tremendous way for brains to be. We can't easily think of the satisfaction of working at a job, or making someone happy, or having a clean kitchen. But we can sure as fuck imagine what the people are going to SAY. I will promise you this. If you printed out a 3x5 poster of you giving scumbag a blowie and posted it on every wall in town, it would be better than killing yourself. Your social embarrassment is a real thing. The pressure and disappointment and even some risk depending on where you are, is bad, and real and something you need to avoid. But nothing is as bad as NOTHING. Depression is a kind of nothing, it dulls all your pleasures and pride and makes you seem insignificant to yourself. But suicide is the real NOTHING. I can't say much more than that. It gets so much better. If you can't come out to your family, get the fuck out of dodge. It isn't easy moving to a gay friendly town, but jesus, so much better. Also, if you have recordings of the blackmail, save them and be prepared to take them to law enforcement. Point out that being outed is bad, but blackmail is a felony. Much of this depends on your national and local laws and social mores around gayness. In the US, things are bad in places, but a big city is a day away. If you are a Saudi, things are much harder. Don't quit. We need you.
Right. the now departed Skysworn saw the eyes and noted that it was not the traditional goldsign of the blackflames. Implying that it was A goldsign, just not THE goldsign.
I think we will definitely get the last two OKaK stories. I think that Will likes them, but they take longer to write and make less money.
Because conscientious objection still requires service, sometimes as a medic in war zones.
2012?
Thru his lawyer, he spoke to the visiting Australian embassy, saying something like "Please let me go home to Australia. Their response: Lol. No.
Only in the sense that low earth satellites are overflights. Eisenhower delayed US space flights until after sputnik because he was concerned with airspace violations. With Sputnik's precedent he OKed US satellites.
They have a PChicken now? Where?
Choke out one bitch at a party and you are marked for life.
Fox is the thin edge of the wedge.
Mercy already has at least one. It is quite possible they will be met by their new supervisor, Eithan.
We do not know if there is an astral plane in this iteration.
But we know that Makiel's change changed the date of the world by making the dreadgpds notice when they didn't in the original timeline.
Yep. Make a trip every week. If it is under 250 bucks each time the IRS can't even ask for the receipt.
Again.
Kendra, you know what ? I am going to have that third steak after all. Go ahead and put that order in now. Please and thank you.”
He seems to be an "Interesting" looking kind of guy. With a permanent resting angry face.
I wouldn't fly on them, but go ahead and knock yourself out.
OR, will die destitute and in prison. One or the other for our Donny Boy.
Yes.
My two brothers and I are Irish triplets.
Trying to get ahead of the story. It is clear that Mueller knows about these meetings, he wants them public before they show up in court.
Which I am sure he reported to the FBI.
Excuse me sir or madam, but perhaps you might be interested in some literature about the church of the path of n+1 cores...
Yeah, Trump doesn't pay lawyers. They need to do side grifts, hence the need for lawyers.
Those are all TrueGolds nearing underlord... Gokren was not. The sandvipers didn't exactly seem top shelf....
He could probably supress them with Underlord power and keep them in his pockets.
Actually it was the Weekly World News, an entirely fictional tabloid that I miss greatly.
Obama also has a shitty record on locking up bankers.
I think he is HEPW to the end.
1. Racism. 2. Some idiots claim his mother renounced her citizenship, he was born in Kenya (his grandparents faked his birth announcement in order to get a multiracial kid born in the 60s to be president, apparently). 3. The tricky part, The U.S. Constitution uses but does not define the phrase "natural born Citizen". Most legal definitions imply that this means "born a citizen", that is not a naturalized citizen, but without the term being defined in the constitution, you need to get into English case law. Which mostly points to mean "born a citizen" with the other small bit meaning "Born on sovereign soil." That is the sticky bit if you imagine that he was born in Kenya, due to your 1. Racism.
Released it the day after Bin Laden was killed.
I have never heard anyone say this besides Yosemite Sam. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMZfCar-Ks8
with the murmurs of R'yeth marching thu her head...
Good.
You post nothing but I am 14 memes. Are you living the life that you have chosen?
The Enforcer trial is being made harder than it ever was when the BlackFlames ran it by Cassius, who is trying to get Lindon to quit.
As far as UA goes, most DMs will disallow both Tunnel Fighter and Mystic, as they are broken and brokenish respectively. Multi-classing has not been playtested for Mystic or Primeval Guardian Ranger. All of the UAs used here missed the expected publication window one would expect to see them put into official rules, so the character is essentially taking advantage of every questionable playtest rule. That said, if everyone is having fun, then there is nothing wrong with the living battlefield hazard character.
So the CN character wanted to complete the lawful contract for the authority figure without delay.
The supreme court has already decided the poll tax issue by further gutting the Voting Rights Act.
The intercept burns another source. It should be pointed out that that the classified document that the released can thus be implied to be proof that the Russians attacked our electoral system to help Donald Trump get elected.
Long lasting fascist and pro-russian governments that Italy is famous for will last around 4 months. They will be gone months before Trump and Assange are in prison and Putin dies in a ditch for fucking the oligarchs.
Just need a simple majority to make make the supreme court 13 people.
Nor should they.
We are currently tobogganing down an icy mountain to fascism.
Wait until he takes a level in Life Cleric.
You were an illegal immigrant from china.
Civility is part of common decency, a cultural norm. It is part of what is owed to each other as part of the unwritten rules of society. Some of the other rules of society are that the people who are more powerful than us act with respect for that power imbalance and act in good faith. That those paid to educate us to the plans and actions of the powerful tell us the truth, or have a reason not to answer our questions. Huckabee is paid to educate us to the plans and actions of the powerful and she fails to even pretend to respect the purpose of her position. She lies constantly, treats us with disrespect, and is part of an insanely corrupt, dictatorial kleptocracy that is attempting to permanently disenfranchise all americans for personal profit, the religious prejudices of a minority, and the desires of the megawealthy donors that put them in power, some of which seem to be foreign powers hostile to everything an American has been expected to hold dear. These people are not owed civility. They do not deserve our politeness, or our respect, and certainly not our obedience. A case could be made that they are due far less than civility.
New Trump Cabinet level position. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUnhfvGdmmw
So... If you do -5 +10 with sharpshooter, THEN can you add sneak attack?
Don't click. I don't read them usually, but unless Will has an issue they are fine here.
Yes, but they love the the Israelis, and will up until that moment they fail to convert to Christianity after we unite the historical borders of Israel and build a new temple. Then things get fucking ugly.
In this case, the posts you see are sock puppet opinion farmers. The bots are the ones who post identicals and upboat.
There are these things called telephones.
I was thinking land lines. I can't think of any families who didn't have a land line as far back as the early 1970s.
I feel that she is used to being a tad bit... Larger.
Akura Malice is a Monarch, who are at a level closer to the dreadgods than to that of a sage. So the Sword Sage of the Endless Sword is nowhere near that level. They will definitely get back there sooner or later. I think that we will see Jai Long &amp; Chen going into the valley and interacting with the Wei clan well before Team Lindon gets there.
Given that Yerin is partially a response to how female characters are treated in the Wuxia genre, Will will probably avoid the hero advances, sidekick advances pattern. But you never do know. I expect Lindon to start to concentrating on things, mostly thru soulsmithing, that are not direct advancements but that are extremely handy for survival/combat. I wouldn't be shocked if he concentrated on ways to make Yerin advance. But the initial advancement to Underlord seems to be something that requires insight and out of the box thinking. And Lindon generally likes to take the box, flip it over, and try to get things from a shelf that he can't reach.
I was waiting for the metro comment. It is so damn hard to stand behind a group packing both sides when you hear your train arriving, especially on a line whre the train is every 20 minutes or longer. I can remember several people screaming STAND to the RIGHT.
Peanut butter and old bay sandwiches.
I was on a business trip to Germany and once tried to work past four o'clock. They looked at me like I was a strange dog who might be rabid.
It is a dry heat.
There is less of them. Actual Ocean City Md. is a touristy hell, and the beaches have been hurricaned away from the boardwalk and hotels. Army Corp of Engineers sand replacement is crappy. Beaches are now too small, too crowded, and full of people who smoke on the beach. Assateage is quite lovely if you camp and reserve early, north of OC beaches are a little less overpopulated and less touristy. In short, OC is fine if you have very young kids, you are between 16 and 25 and you enjoy alcohol, or you don't stay too long. My family graduated to Rehoboth and later to Cape May. Longer vacations to the Outer Banks. Pleasant memories of OC though.
Lot of angry white dudes with long guns seem to show up for alt-right trolling. Might want to work on how your shit comes across. Since you don't mean it.
A bit overdue fellows. But, whatever, good idea.
The democrats are probably also going to change the general filibuster rules when they pass a low for an 11 or 13 person supreme court bench.
RIP Harlan. Great writer. Tremendous asshole. Marched in the MLK march on the capitol. Published revenge nudes of a woman that broke up with him ( and stole some cash, allegedly) in a short story collection. Groped Connie Willis's breast on stage. Wrote "City on the Edge of Tomorrow" and "Jeffy is Five". Sometimes it is hard to tell the dancer from the dance.
He could charitably be described as a gigantic asshole. He knew it, but he would argue the point. He would fucking argue any fucking point, as I have never once seen him admit that he was wrong. I remember reading a short story collection where he published a topless photograph of some woman he had a bad breakup with, essentially revenge porn. He also marched on Selma with MLK, so.... We can all hope that we won't be remembered for our worst moments but act like we will be.
Blackflame was where he went from a scrub barely worth a lowgold's attention to the 25th highest ranked LowGold in the the empire. I think that making that happen too fast wouldn't be realistic.
Keep in mind, Lindon had only minimal martial arts training. The live fire training that he got makes his later ability to perform in a melee barely believable. Eithan doesn't know how to cycle blackflame. The only person who could have mentored him was half mad from pain.
Twin stars is Lindon's path. So, sure, it is split then bond a blackflame beast, but the bonding or path could involve any path really. The main thing is to keep the one core pure.
Did anyone notice that as he got de-aged and younger he became a bit more.... Timid? He was suddenly the voice of reason when he had more to lose. I enjoyed this, actually.
Conservatism? Yes it is a mental illness.
"Homosexuality is a mental illness" is not a moderate view. It is a standard bigot nugget. So sure, trot on over to voat.
Not really, no.
Hit piece on AWS. I have my concerns as well, but who else do they see doing this better than Amazon?
Ah yes, they seem like just the sort of people to believe in this circumstance. The most english as a first language sentence ever.
Formenting disorder in the US. As usual.
Tell all book.
Not pardoned.
The republicans aren't a 500 year old secret society. This is Stalinist show trial, not hegemony.
I have to say, it is fascinating how this works. Is Rawwls more visual than I am, that he had a visual image of the skele-arm that included the six fingers that he wouldn't release?
His golf-club members aren't all red-hats. It would be fun to see a bunch of them suing to get membership fees back.
I am currently a fan of sorting that shit out in the primaries.
You miss every shot you don't take.
The driving intellects of the QAnon movement did it for the lulz.
He wants to be... I think he will be a Philly.
Yeah, this is not gonna go so great. As a community, we should avoid conversation that is almost certain to be seen as an attack on something core to a section of our community. I am atheist, but this seems like juvenile trolling that should be crossposted to /r/atheism, a sub that all I can say is less corrosive than /r/redpill. I eagerly await your musings on stat modifiers for black people and asians though. When we can't even decide what The Batman's alignment is, it is clear that attaching alignment to ostensibly real world people will be a miserable failure, and that it is a game structure that breaks down the closer you look at it. Lawful... Which laws? Good... To whom? A mousetrap is chaotic evil to a mouse. The problem with alignment is that we are all the heroes of our own stories. Attila was a hero to huge swathes of Asia, who might call him Lawful Good. To a European, who had plague corpses thrown into their cities, he was a chaotic evil monster. But, since you started it. Yahweh doesn't come off that great looking at the primary texts. But I would peg him as true neutral. The unstated assumption is that God has a lot of things to handle, and we need to have faith in his purpose. But the D&amp;D supplements usually make Odin (whose religion centered upon human sacrifice) Neutral good, and he is a right nasty fucker, make no mistake.
Technically, Envy.
As with all cultures the religions tend to have a group of social mores surrounding them, and being raised Catholic, I share many of them. If there can be Jewish Atheists, there can be Catholic Atheists. Though to be pedantic, Catholicism does not strictly require belief at all times to assume the label, unlike evangelical Christianity. Many of the Catholic saints had crises of faith, they did not stop being Catholic during them. Salvation by acts is another of the Catholic cultural norms that I hold dear, despite not believing in actual salvation. You have a better argument attacking the word "devoutly", which I include because it amuses me. Give me your personal doctrines, besides pedant, and I will be glad to attack them.
https://youtu.be/C6BYzLIqKB8
There are no actual adherents of the Norse Pantheon. A bunch of nazi wannabees and morons who think the runes are metal pretend to be adherents of the norse pantheon. The reason I am calling half the people in this thread assholes is because they are using arguments defined to defend atheist positions to instead attack the religious in a gaming forum. No matter how right you are, you are still being an asshole.
TY
Thanks
Right. So lets let redneck college town sheriffs handle it.
He's gonna be a great supreme court justice.
Something to google.
&gt; If, however, on a gaming forum, you splash out with "The diety that 70% of the people reading this post believe in is Evil." , it is in no way comparable to saying "Thor is evil."
You started years ago.
Then the If clause doesn't apply to you, does it?
Blocking edgy thin skin boy.
From what I hear, the worst part is that Bethesda will sneak into your hose and stab you in the kidneys.
If wizard has his spellbook, then he can have the rest of the party try to help him tread while he ritually casts water breathing. If it is in the book... Then they swim for land.
Italy also kept the Catholic church from ever criticising the Nazis.
Just put it up anyway, along with the imaginary people who fought for anything other than continuing slavery.
People used to go three levels in any pact of the tome warlock to get the shillelagh cantrip cast with charisma, for the same general reasons they would now go one level into hexblade... Hexblade is a bit worse, you only need one level, and you can choose shield as one of your spells, which, added on top of heavy armor, can make the paladin supremely hard to damage. You can take booming blade to tide you over told delayed paladin 5. Plus the curse. Power gaming wise, I can't imagine not taking one level of hexblade, were I a bard or sorcerer, just to only need Dex 14, and using medium armor and shield.
Private citizen with a security clearance who most likely committed treason as a member of the President's transition team.
I don't think that Manny was willing to accept any kind of first team discount. Given that, he ends up on a high revenue team no matter what. Not trading him a year before they did was a horrific mistake though.
At one point, everything was artisanal.
He will be indicted as a sitting president.
Incentivizes, more than encourages.
Pence gets arrested. Trump is alone in the white house soiling himself.
The clever victory for fascism was making a President so bad that we hoped for a military coup.
I understand that Trump could launch a nuclear attack on China tonight, and no one could legally stop him.
I grew up in Maryland, but the first time I heard the N-Word used in public was in the Scranton area.
Make sure we have an expendable admirals son with a relationship with the very bald woman.
If it isn't the deathblow of our democracy, our democracy will be forced to get stronger.
He hasn't seen the high ground since the nineties.
Give him six months.
ty
I think the FBI assumed that there was no way that Trump would be elected.
Also, an ex Deputy Finance Chairman of the republican National Committee.
Have Durnan put the Kibosh on the bar jumper. When they go to the portal, the bouncers kick him and only him out. When they want to use the lift to under-mountain he charges them double. Have the troll kill them if the dice say so. Maybe they lose an arm.
Or 20 trips. A portable hole would work, or if they get it out of the vault which blocks teleport, I think, then the seventh level teleport spell would work. It is good fun to have the characters now have to now protect a giant pile of gold. There was once a thread, somewhere, about just letting your party find a fucking gigantic pile of gold. In ODnD and ADnD First ed, GP = XP. So if they sneak off with a million GP, they are now like 13th level. This happened to my main campaign in First Edition, when I misinterpreted a page about some gem encrusted doors having 100 gems worth 30,000 GP vs. 100 gems worth 30,000 GP each. Even with the ridiculously high XP totals they were all name level pretty suddenly. The Players handbook wasn't out yet where they said you could only get enough XP to go up a level and then reach the maximum before leveling once again. But I digress. But a party that has filled up the basement of their tavern with GP is a possibly entertaining role playing situation. To be clear, there are numerous CR 13-15 villains who are more than willing to murder your entire families for this amount of gold, already looking for the gold, so they will need alliances to not be murdered quickly. The CR 17 head of state, whom the players may work for or have interacted with, thinks that the gold is rightfully the property of the metropolis with the resources and armies of a small to medium nation that she heads up and the characters at least used to live in, so unless they can shift the money to be held by a faction pretty quickly, that is a problem. Water deep will give them a 10% finders fee if they ask nicely, and even that is a ton... Most factions will expect a huge cut if they are holding the gold, and the straight Zhents, the Manshoon Zhents, and Jaraxle will probably just take money and give the characters less than Laeral would. If they bank it reputably, then Laeral finds out, if they hire a bunch of powerful guards, the high level guards will eventually twig to the fact that the players pay them with big sacks of gold they bring up from the, basement, and will either (good alignment) talk to the law or (evil alignment) kill them and take the money. Every person that knows them will want money when they have problems, and will be resentful or pathetic if the players don't help. They are the family members who won the lottery. So... Use the giant pile of cash to make a good story. If it is fun, you are doing it right. Let them buy pimp daddy clothing and swagger sticks, and horses and carriages with gold rims. Why not. If you made them desperate for coin to keep the bar going earlier, then having gold falling out their asses will be a fun change. Let them buy the house next to the tavern and put in some goddamn public jakes. A tavern with no place for the customers to pee should already be illegal. Have them each buy their own house. Either have the money slowly get sapped away by bad investments so that they need to sell the carriage with rims, or just let them stay nouveau riche for the rest of the campaign. It is a fantasy game. Whatever is the most fun. I am fine with them being able to buy magic items for 5 times the base price in the DMG, they just can't pick what comes on sale. Do the auction house thing, and establish people getting pissed off that they didn't win the item they need for evil plot number ten. If you feel like doing the work to make the rules, let them start businesses and shipping concerns. Outside of Adventurers league, it doesn't matter that your players are now scrooge McDuck, and it might just be really fun.
So hard to not just take a level of Hexblade Warlock at second level and dump strength for Cha. You get Charisma based attacks, a couple extra spells, and 18 AC and you can use your primary casting class. This is also why Hexblade is fucking awful.
Or take mobile.
And it will be vetoed by the president.
ty
Dreeben and Zainab Ahmad are heavy hitters. Dreeben has more than 100 cases tried before the supreme court. Considered to be Mueller's closer. Also probably the best search and seizure prosecutor in the US. Zainab Ahmad is an expert in extradition cases, speaks fluent Arabic. So this could be attempting to extradite Alexander Torshin, but I think that Mueller would do that publicly right now. I think it is Mike Pence or Trump resisting being called to testify before the Grand Jury. I REALLY think there are already indictments under seal for Trump.
He just retired and is probably recovering face down in a shallow grave.
It is rather typical that no one is talking about how cute Michael Dreeben is, but.... yes. &lt;shame&gt; But pretty much everyone else has shown up in a legal document or two but nothing from Ahmad. For now.
I'll respond to you when you aren't on Ambien.
The pee-tape, along with the videos of trump fucking 13 year olds is in the hands of Russian intelligence, still being used for blackmail.
Gained it then lost it.
I am not sure I could ever eat this.
Henry Ford had a picture of Hitler on his desk. Hitler had a picture of Henry Ford on his desk.
A big part of St. Patrick’s Day is having white people feel particularly upset at the oppression of their ancestors that has in no way trickled down to them. If you find yourself talking with a white person who tells you about how their great grandfather was oppressed by both the English and the Americans, it is strongly recommended that you lend a sympathetic ear and shake your head in disbelief. It is never considered acceptable to say: “but you’re white now, so what’s the problem?” https://stuffwhitepeoplelike.com/2008/03/16/89-saint-patricks-day/
Because his heritage is also American.
Right... The virgin Birth, Lineage from David, and born in Bethlehem were all back ported into his story to make him match the prophecies of Isaiah.
He was unlikely to have been called that.
The plan is to break you down and then build you back up, ready and able to follow and give orders as appropriate. Quickly.
Falun Gong in China: No.
Ah.
J. Edgar Hoover was a corrupt shithead.
He was secretly gay, dressing as a woman was a rumor based upon that. The mafia had video of him blowing a man. He did nothing to stop the expansion of organized crime.
They never identified who in the manhattan project gave the Russians the h-bomb plans. They executed a few of the couriers but the Rosenbergs let Ethyl die rather than cough up the source.
Hoover was somewhat aberrant at this level of law enforcement. The FBI has run a relatively tight ship since his death, there are still some fucked up shops. The NYC branch needs to be cleaned the fuck up.
TYVM
There were definitely people saying that it would be better to vote Trump and burn it all down.
The Trump judges alone will make things worse in the US for the next thirty years.
Stein is closest to your views? Are you a Russian agent running swindling gullible Americans? Because those are her views.
Once that error was recognized, the header was removed and a corrected version, omitting only the header, was re- signed and re-certified in May 2017. Very truly yours, ROBERT S. MUELLER, III, Special Counsel - He bothered to explain things for all the Morons. You should feel excited.
He is going to talk himself into hard time.
Compared to Republican policies, Yes, they have.
AOC would have told everyone to vote for Clinton. She isn't a moron.
We don't have to be at war. That is the most common and easiest definition, but if someone participates in an attack on the US, which the Russians absolutely performed here, then they are guilty of treason. I don't think that Flynn aided, solicited, or participated in the hacking, or distributed the proceeds of it, or helped cover it up. Almost everyone else did, and may get roped into treason charges.
I am glad it is taking us past January. Now we can strip these traitors of the presidency, and they can't pick a VP without Democratic approval in the house.
It is the default punishment.
War is not needed. If you participate in an attack on the US by a foreign nation, it is Treason. I don't think Flynn committed treason. I think that Trump, Trump Jr., Stone, and others did. Flynn is lucky as fuck to have been fired before he participated in the cover-up.
Pence gets arrested. Then they just pile on the evidence for Trump until he is too toxic for even the senators to hold on to.
Well, clearly they are only approaching C.
The Capital Gazette shooter attacked the newsroom two days after the white supremacist radio host Michael Peroutka that the shooter supported was primaried out of his Anne Arundel County Councilman position. They are soft pedaling the fact that he was alt-right inspired.
For ward bloc leader in federal prison?
TYVM
Gibson in 88. Not long...but. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4nwMDZYXTI
Nah. Putin wants to sell more rockets, and Erdogan doesn't care.
You shouldn't pay the state where you work's income tax.
TY
He isn't going to serve a full term.
They are going to be desperately avoiding hard time.
In my campaign, Xanathar is like the Joker. An evil Genius whose motives are essentially completely inscrutable because he is insane.
Well, he could be arrested and imprisoned, but, yes.
Young George Foreman hit harder than Ali. Young George Foreman hit harder than fucking everybody.
He had started an investigation into who was leaking from the TrumpTown NYC FBI office when he was fired.
Cleveland isn't so bad.
Generally, Arson is an evil act because it has the potential to kill people. The player, with depraved indifference in a legal sense, lights an occupied building on fire. Unless they take heroic steps to prevent death, I would set a likelihood that an NPC gets lost in the smoke and dies instead of escaping. If they all escape, emphasize that it was a lucky thing that they all escaped. But Arson is still evil, no matter what the death toll.
It is an act of potential mass murder in game. If you are playing league of evil bastards, that is fine at the table. but since you make an effort to ask, you probably are not. There are millions of destructive things to do in game. Why derail the campaign by committing potential mass murder?
Somehow, I find Chris Cillizza more offensive than Trump at times. He is a stand in for our entire "Politics as Horse Race" class of political reporting.
RESPONSE: https://twitter.com/maddogpac/status/1076876347773997057 BRING IT. You pathetic, shrivelled, perverted rapist.
Bunch of Army guys saying, "So what?" right now.
Any left?
It is easy as fuck. The hard part is getting your citizens to be happy with the crap that is left.
Evolutionary psychology has all the scientific rigor of biorhythms and crystal frequency theory.
Inuits hunted Polar Bears, and hunters usually exhausted the surrounding regions to the point they had to travel for days to find more bear. They would fish and hunt sea lions, seal and orka, but bear hides were a crucial source of clothing and insulation. Don't fuck with Inuits.
Only permit corporations to deduct taxes for total net compensation up to 200K.
I have part of the Cassalanter's contracted Devilish powers being the ability to sense and command Devils. Vincent Trench is trying to get the Cassalanters to fail so as not to be enslaved, but he needs to stay at arms length to do so. Vincent was ordered, almost three hundred years ago, to blend in in Waterdeep and gather information until his fiendish master arrived to get the information and give him new orders. The fact that his master was destroyed long ago was not covered by, and does not change his orders. He is quite the barracks lawyer, and the last thing he wants is to have a powerful Devil Lord with jurisdiction over him in Waterdeep. He will end up betraying the party against his will, probably at the vault, and will probably be fighting them while casually detailing the way to screw over the Cassalanters plans.
Paying Russian military to attack the US... What would the technical term for that be?
https://knoema.com/atlas/Poland/Life-expectancy
A set of Robes of Wizardry are not necessarily identifiable as such. They identify as magic, certainly. But how many people would know what they are? Another issue is that if he fools people into thinking that he has a legendary magic item, he may get shived for them.
Trump's eccono ic crisis is shaping up to be much worse.
Stabbed with a shiv. The main reason is because at a minimum, it would be worth 25000 gp.
Yep.
The first ASOFAI book I got on Kindle was A dance of dragons, fortunately.
We will see when the managers are facing hard time.
A lot of people are actively enacting this into policy. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/education/wp/2018/02/12/devos-seeks-massive-cuts-from-education-department-to-support-school-choice/ Or were you confused about what the end goals of "school choice" is?
I'm out.
Champion or Battlemaster fighter. Lancelot and Galahad are Paladins.
It is the built in mobile feat...
I offered to let them have the original money OR the tavern.
My mom's back broke a lot tho.
At lower level, taking crossbow mastery might have a better ROI until the prof bonus is above a certain point.
While selling a Robes of the Magi to an evil wizard might be possible, if life threatening and morally dubious, selling a Mind Whip covered in purple ichor to another mind slayer seems relatively suicidal.
Sadly, it would be hard to pass a law that prohibited gun ownership by the religious or members of hate groups, such as the Republican party. It would save many lives though.
No. No other president has charged money paid to a personal business for presidential access.
If you ask them to piss on your salad they will also decline.
If it is injury poison on an arrow, then the poison damage only occurs if they take damage.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Jean La'foote will have his revenge.
Fairly consistent, we romanticise our current military, and ignore the rape, murder, theft, squalor and disease.
She lacks a penis.
Yes it is far better to let oligarchs create monopolies and then extort whatever they want from the rubes, that is, customers.
Another difference is that the police systemically harrass black people.
Yes, it is actually racism, and this is bullshit.
White guy walking around smoking a joint. Homeless junkie. Black guy doing the same thing. Been in prison for 10 years.
It is r/news after all, home of alt/right brigading.
It could be, but it isn't.
Lets grasp at straws rather than face the obvious cause of the disparity, black men are arrested for things that white men are not arrested for.
If they had full time body cameras you would see cops finding drugs on tons of white guys and not arresting them for possession.
No sign of perception biases here.
You apparently know nothing about being a cop. They have plenty of say in convictions, they need only arrest people with bullshit priors, who are less likely to have private practice lawyers, and who are given less sympathy by judges and jurors. Cops are rewarded and promoted for convictions and prosecutions, and get more overtime for court appearances. All cops are worried about convictions.
You should be familiar with the default world, the Forgotten Realms. The starter set is a good buy, the starter adventure is a good 1-5 campaign, and the rulebook is a good way to get a sense of the rules. Players Handbook &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Monster Manual &gt; DMG. The DMG has the magic items. You will get a strong sense of first edition throughout 5th edition, in a good way. You will probably get Xanathars guide next, but read over the player's handbook fully first. The best thing about 5e is the balance, there are very few overpowering classes or weak ones. I would make sure that you understand the way spell slots and known/prepared spells work in 5th edition. Magic items are much more rare in 5e. A +3 weapon is close to artifact level rarity.
It is great for Valor bards at level 10.
Capstone abilities are the biggest non-problems in the game. You use them for about one adventure (if you ever get there) before the campaign resets.
So, sharpshooter.
I am personally am not as involved with the Suriel/Way aspect, but her intervention is what has driven Lindon to ruthlessly punish himself to gain power. Motivationally, no Suriel = no story.
To make a point - Most people who ascend join the Abidan. But this may not be what happens to Lindon. SkySworn | Location: 3,682 “Like all power, ours has rules,” Ozriel said sadly. “This is a necessary truth. One of those rules restricts our interference. For centuries, I have watched worlds die…and the pain you now feel, I feel with each death. Over and over again, in worlds without end.” Now they were in another world, as people were run down by monsters. Another, where the air had become too toxic to breathe. Another, where men and women starved or died of thirst. A world where great rocks fell from the sky and devastated cities. A world where great beasts rampaged. A world on fire. Over and over again, time blurring in Lindon’s head. Each death speared him as though he had personally caused it. Finally, when Lindon was on his knees, they returned to the calm of the Way. Ozriel met his eyes. “This is one part of my plan,” he said softly. “Only one seed planted of many, in the hopes that some might one day bear fruit. I need you to join me.” He raised black-armored fingers to his head, and Lindon could see endless weariness written there. “Not as Abidan. I want to raise you outside their rules. I want you to go where we can’t: into dying worlds, to save those we have abandoned.”
Keep in mind, Ozriel's, and thus presumably Eithan's, plans include the gang ascending, but not into the Abidan. Which is probably why Makiel wants them to ascend faster, or die, because Makiel is probably not fond of Ozriel's plan.
But it may not be. Methodology of reports are flawed.
Seems to be Neutralish on the ethical scale. But we don't know where because we don't know what the stakes are for helping. We have no idea where he is on the law/chaos scale. Good - Will help others even when it is detrimental to ones own self. - Will only hurt others if it will help a larger number of other people. Neutral - Will help others if it doesn't excessively hurt one's own interests. - Will hurt others if it will avoid being hurt personally. Evil - Will help others only if it helps one's own self interest. - Will hurt others whenever it is in his own self interests. Lawful - Cares about the stated rules and structures of a community, society, or social group, will subvert personal freedoms to advance those rules. Traditionalist. Consistency over flexibility. Neutral. - Either cares about both equally or not at all. Chaotic - Values personal freedoms above any society's rules. Flexibility over consistency.
He was a big believer in witchcraft trials, hence his followers behavior in Salem.
Go away.
It removes one of the key balancers to multiclassing. It isn't handing out vorpal blades at first level bad, but it is unbalancing.
Wieters was really good for us for 5+ years. He was still one of our most clutch hitters in his decline. Your expectations are a bit too high...
The hatch is open and holding up the piece on the picture on the ground.
Our society is pretty bleak, but not because this is in fact funny. To be clear, no way he actually took the T off himself, he took a picture of a Tahoe with the T missing and then wrote a note that he immediately threw away after he took a picture, and then he posted it for karma. Pain in the ass ripping those things off, he doesn't have the tools. Source: I rip the logos off of Hummers.
The fuck do I care. I am not saying that he was convicted for rape, I am saying that he is a worthless fucking rapist.
I look for people who have paid too much for shitty Hummers, and I fuck them. I am kind of a hero.
The movie was much better than the book. Daniel Craig was the best Bond since young Connery. It is a pity that all Bond movies make money no matter if they are good or bad. They perfected the genre with From Russia with Love. Spy tech at or near reality levels, hot chicks, realistic, somewhat brutal fight scenes that are believable for a highly trained assassin, engaging storyline that we feel has consequences. If we know Bond can't die, then we are watching silly spectacle. Which is fine, Thunderball was fun to watch. It was just nowhere near as good as From Russia with Love. At some level, the Daniel Craig movies were the producers getting tired of the Bourne movies being much better Bond movies than the Bond movies. The parkour chase scene in the beginning set the mood, you were like, Oh Shit, this is an action movie, and thus far, a good one.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH3YBsMR9qw
Yeah, them.
But the shortsword could be dual wielded.
Taking a first level dip in fighter for the con save proficiency, and the warcaster feat will make your concentration a bar of fine steel. Sadly, the best use of bladesinger is to be dancing by yourself in the back row of the party, casting control spells on your opponents. Bladesinger is just to frustrate the enemy archers.
I have better things to do with my time than listen to people be fantasy sadists.
Road trip.
These are state senators, from the state house.
All of these things have believers split about equally on either side of the political spectrum.
20 bucks on - Murder suicide. Affair gone wrong, they met at CPAC. 5 bucks on a Longshot, Koch brothers cleaning up after two constitutional convention conspirators got cold feet
Crying a river of Republican self pity. No one likes us since we worked with Russia and deliberately lost children.
Both were accused of dirty politics, went GOP from the Dems in 2014, and died within a few days.
I don't give a fuck what "the media" says as long as it is true, hence my problem with Fox. Every online conservative I have interacted with o er the past 4 years has been pants shitting impaired, borderline crazy, or a paid troll.
The Republican's main goal over the last 10 years is to win state houses and governors to be able to make election maps that enable them to hold on to power while a huge minority.
Money on murder suicide, they met at CPAC conventions or somesuch horseshit.
All of these are up to you. 1) I have it alternate between Idris Elba, and George Clooney for men and between Angelina Jolie and Halle Berry for women, but your choice, have fun. The first person to put it on turned into Floon Blagamar. 2) It choses upon attunement, creating the best comedic value. 3) No. 4) Everything stays the same. Except that they are taller or shorter. 5) I would say yes to all of the above except reproduce, and that would have to be story driven. But really, Any result should be rule of cool, story, and fun driven. If they reproduce, are the children humans? I see a mind flayer attempting to merge itself into a noble line here.
Because it is more traditional for monks to martial art attack with their body.
Well, in the real world, if you are inclined to believe in devils, or in the real world lore concerning devils, if not, succubuses collect human male reproductive fluids as a woman (though not necessarily) store it and infect it with diabolical energy, and then use said diabolical genetic material to impregnate women that they seduce or rape, though I guess it is in all ways rape. This is what happens when you are having sexual dreams. Devils have no dna of their own, regardless of Nephilim, so like busy little honeybees they spread ours while out perverting our sexual energies. So, in lore, incubuses and succubuses are the same creatures, they have no real gender or sexual appetites of their own and just assume ours as a method of tempting us to damnation by warping our own. There is some fraught commentary on judeo Christian opinions of bisexuality in there that might jump out at you. In first edition, they stole life energy levels, so every time they kissed you you dropped experience points to one below that required to achieve your current level. Dick move, succubuses. A succubus would then have no sexual interest of their own. Given that book stores now have a paranormal romance section, cthullu only knows what the current sensibility on succubuses are, don't want to kink shame, but by design they are faking any affection/desire for humans.
Clearly the succubuses have won. If you prefer just fucking for self pleasure, with no interest in the fuckee beyond your own pleasure, then you are dragging someone else into your masturbation. The concept of mutual pleasure, implies at least some semblance of well wishing, which succubuses lack. Obviously, there is a medieval sexual sensibility at play here. To the perspective of a middle age priest/rabbi a tinder user is already damned, no need to send a succubus. A modern succubus is going to go on tinder, host in your house when you aren't there, record the encounters, and send the pictures to your boss. They are ridiculous redpill stories incarnate, taking your seed and impregnating others with it . All of this tells me that the appropriate use of a succubus is to never have them in a game.
With DNA testing and child support. A redditor's worst nightmare.
It is all confused when we have a character transformed into one. They don't share the incubuses mindset.
They look at sex as a distasteful task, somewhere on the expense report/collecting stool sample continuum.
All of the Miltonic devils in the game are a bit confused and wandering around. Wait, there is no all powerful divinity with calvinistic foresense? What the fuck am I supposed to do here? Oh, fight a war with the demons. OK. If the social order is not part of the Divine mandate, then none of this makes sense. Where do souls come from? Why don't demons grab humans and factory farm them in one of the thousands of devilly planes? It is all a race to the bottom.
About a third of Americans kind of believe that people are being foully tempted into sexual attraction to people of their own sex by devils, so...
Asmodeus sighs as Gygax was too afraid to call him Lucifer, even though the artwork and characteristics imply that he is clearly Milton's Satan and not the lust demon from Kaballah.
Gonna be a flame war over whether rape is "natural" here in 5 minutes. Please, do NOT tell me what causes rape besides caring only only about one's own urges and discounting the autonomy and humanity of the victim, I am not at all interested in unpacking this further.
Sure. Elves are not minmaxers, I get it, but using a shortsword is more optimal than a longsword with -1 to hit and damage. You are going to do more damage over time with 1d6+1 damage and +1 to hit than 1d8 or likely 1d10. Leaving str at 10 and pushing for 18 Dex is better unless you are going for paladin. And rapiers are just sitting there going, "dude".
99% of humanity is more composed than Trump. About 70% is more intelligent, though Don is in sharp decline. Every single person I work with is more composed and intelligent than Trump, including the custodial staff.
Turn to the magic items. Browse monsters. Look for cool maps. Put back on shelf for a while.
No. Spells learned and able to be cast are determined by each class individually, at the levels that they hold in that class. THEN the multiclass table is consulted to determine what spell slots they have. A Bard 6 Wizard 6 Cleric 8 can only learn third level Bard and Wizard spells and 4th level cleric spells. They can cast them with 9th level slots however. I would just bag the school of magic restriction if I was DM, no harm in letting them pick spells that seem fun to them in my opinion.
Many players find the classes before them limiting or not matching their idea about what their class is supposed to be. 5e is so well balanced that there are only a couple of edge cases where it really makes the player too strong or too weak. What is the harm?
Because killing people is much less expensive to the municipalities long term than paying for their medical costs. This is a true fact, and an expert professing exactly this lectured police departments all over the US shortly before the incredible rise of fatal police shootings over the last thirty years.
Yes, the 14th most dangerous career in America.
Odd that they are always reaching for a weapon when they are not white and they get shot 50 times or so. 6 police videos and not one that showed the gun. Clear line of sight in video, did not show gun, so it was not in his lap at that point, if it was in fact in the car. As usual, dead black man, no police officer at all criticised for the incident.
An invisible gun according to the body cam videos.
Just need to be good with tools.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Hollywood_shootout
They modified commercial AR-s. Are you a bit impaired? Too much fox news? Might be limited to a law enforcement career. Just buy a bump stock. Still 100 legal. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTuOfgOITUo
Of course they do.
No, because we like latinas better than latinos.
Wondered about the coconut.
Level of hexblade for CHA weapons AND expanded crit range.
Golfers are bad people.
These tables are essentially identical to the 1st Edition DMG Tables. So... I would look at the tables in 2nd-4th edition, and see if they could be built into useful and balanced 5th edition items.
Those people are a little disturbed. But they aren't wrong.
But since, they haven't been much better than the Nazis.
Without the Soviet-Nazi pact to split eastern Europe, the Holocaust wouldn't have been Holocaust bad. 2 Million dead Polish Jews and 6 million dead poles in total died because Stalin plotted with Hitler to split Europe.
Because as with the Indian famines, the British thought of the Irish as an animalistic lesser race, an opinion they held well into the 1900s.
They occur very close to each other, but the plotline doesn't extend... There isn't much of a plot to Dungeons of the mad mage.
He was also inspired by the italians love of dictators, and he decided to play spoiler to any party running for president that supports basic workers rights and a living wage. Looking forward to Schultz/Gabbard 2020.
Chugs like a guy wearing a Brooklyn shirt,but hey, he was excited.
3 beams.
If anything I would just go with non-gendered approach. Changelings have doppelganger descent, and doppels are not gendered that we know of. The character might just avoid sexuality outside of external appearance.
That dog is getting FUCKED tonight.
I worked at a theatre when it came out. Knew when to go in.
Fuck Sephiroth.
Cryptic messages for each boss. From waterdeep expanded factions. A sickness grows within Waterdeep. Ruin shall come from the actions of the thoughtless, many eyes look upon the city with a hunger for power waiting for their time to strike. Evil grows more paranoid and less patient daily. They will strike before summer starts. Xanathar "Evil grows more paranoid and less patient daily. They will strike before summer starts." Cassalanters "No matter good deeds or evil, innocent blood shall spill on Founders' Day." Jarlaxle "Nobody is who they seem, yet they will reveal themselves by the end of autumn." Manshoon "Evil's twin hides its face for now. Expect that to change before winter's end."
I Josh because I love the blade. In the world series era he was hitting around 280-290, and he was a good baserunner. By 1978 I remember they interviewed him on the local news when he hit a home run in a regular season game.
They had a decade to make a useful smartphone OS. Win CE owned the market for years. Apple crushed them with much better usability and the app store. Android finished them with free. And linux. Microsoft earned their loss here.
Well, that is hardly fair.
At night you self flagellate with a whip. -2 HP, -1 CON.
Very easy to roleplay munchkin decisions. The character wants what the munchkin wants. To be more powerful. Every character can justify the desire more power, so thematically, it is just giving into a desire for more power. Perhaps for good reasons. Perhaps for bad reasons. If your world has no villians that you need more power to kill, no innocents that you need more power to protect... what game are you playing?
Upcasted armor of Agathys is goodish for a wild shaped druid, as they have crappy AC, being a porcupine is nice.
Until you get dex and wis pretty high, opportunity attacks can be a bit of a pain for a monk. So the mobile feat, or reach weapons are helpful. I personally find that ki points not spent on stunning strikes are wasted ki points.
Just not this. https://emblemsbf.com/img/7116.webp
The Greendale Community College flag. Also pretty much what my players thought the Xanathar symbol looked like.
While they are no Fisher Gesha, I care more about them than every single character in the Abidan/ beyond cradle put together.
They plagiarized her contributions well before her death.
They stole her work.
She was the source of the theory of DNA's structure. She posited external base connections.
Well, that and the fact that she verbally told them what the structure was.
I guess that Manshoon is saving his 9th level slot, but it is a ton easier to use wish to create these guys.
She told Watson that the base bonding had to be on the outside, whras Watson's model and writings previously had them on the inside. Gosling and Franklin split the work, Gosling had the DNA-B , Franklin did DNA-A. Read Gosling's journals. The methods he uses were Franklin's. Wilkins brought in Franklin because of her expertise in Crystal diffraction photography. She taught Gosling. Of course Gosling's career was good. He was listed as a contributor to the biggest Nobel in 50 years. A contributor, because Wilkins took his spot as co-winner, and everyone knew this.
It as if the Navy had to reward him to cover up the fact that it ratcheted up tension until somebody fucked up royally.
He will have a bigger place in the history books as the first US president to die in prison.
Hundreds? Propaganda much?
He said, repeating, without any challenge whatsoever, Republican propaganda.
US firms fall over themselves to assist them.
So, a total fucking second class piker compared to US Drones and Saudi attacks in Yemen, is what I am hearing. This was a political assassination. Soleimani is garbage, but Trump, MBS, and Putin are no better.
Given that he may cause the complete collapse of US Democracy, he could beat them all. He is on pace to double Obama's drone strike murders, and a shooting war in Iran would even put Bush 43's lofty half a million dead record in striking distance. The only thing keeping Trump from causing Armageddon is Putin's orders.
This information is pretty publicly well known. The US had no good reason for confusing IR655 for an F-14. There was an intelligence report that said there were F-14s fitted for air to ground missiles in the area. The Vincennes was escorting tankers. This was a horrific idea, using an Aegis guided missile boat for escort duties. The software was not designed for civilian air corridors, the Vincennes had no Civilian air radio capability, the Vincennes did not check scheduled civilian air traffic. The Vincennes chased a bunch of Iranian speedboats that fired warning shots Vincennes Helicopters, all of which were within international Iranian waters (which is a bit screwy in the strait of Hormuz, but logs confirm, Iranian coastal waters by international law) The Vincennes chased the speedboats into Iranian water. The Iranian Airbus took off, about 15 minutes late, communicating with Iranian civilian air traffic controllers at all times, and following a scheduled flight path in a well known civilian air corridor. The Iranian Jetliner was squawking mose III IFF transponder codes, which is civilian only. Iran's Military jets squwkwd mode II Transponder codes. SOMEHOW, the notation about the potential F-14s caused the "Unknown Iran Aircraft" to get changed on the Vincennes board to "Unknown Iranian F-14" The Vincennes then radioed on Civilian and Military Emergency channels directing communication to "Unknown Iranian F-14". IR655 either didn't receive this, or ignored it as is proper, as they were not an "Unknown Iranian F-14". To repeat, The Vincennes had no way to communicate on civilian air traffic channels. Somehow the Vincennes crew decided that the Airbus was squawking mode II transponder codes. None of the recorded data from the Vincennes has a record of that. The recorded data shows that it was squawking mode III. At this point, things were tense. But ok. The radar signature was flying at 400 MPH and steadily increasing in altitude. Somehow it was still labeled "Unknown Iranian F-14". The fatal fuck up was that the friend or foe identification system reused id numbers for new ids. The captain asked for an update, the system suddenly reused the id number,to add a new radar signature, an F-14 110 miles away, going into a landing dive. The dude at the middle station started screaming that the "Unknown Iranian F-14" was in an attack dive, the Exec started screaming "POSSIBLE CIVILIAN, POSSIBLE CIVILIAN" the captain ordered two missiles fired. 230 (edit, 290) dead civilians, great game US Navy. So, "appeared to be a fighter plane" for some values of appeared. Appeared to be a fighter jet for military threat identification with bugs on a warship not designed to identify civilian aircraft, maybe. Still a war crime.
I sympathize with just about everyone involved. Except the morons beating war drums in the middle East to make political hay. Same difference with the Iranians shooting their own jet down. When you are expecting war to break out, people die.
I assume that 90% of posters on either side are political statement sponsored prop bots.
I was actually going from memory. But yes, 290.
He acts with his hands. Tremendous physical actor, but not a great emoter. When he plays someone oddly disassociated from his emotions, he is the best possible. Just that occasionally wildly expressive eyes. But watch him when he does the whole walking on the ledge thing. Utterly believable. Plus, Kung Fu. Though if they hired will Smith, they wouldn't have used Larry Fishbourne, which would have ruined the movie.
Just watched this again, and it is a nearly perfect movie. From a sci-fi perspective the human heat battery annoyed me, but Hugo Weaving and Lawrence Fishbourne were just sooooo good. Really everyone was pitch perfect. Carrie Anne Moss murders three cops in a leather catsuit, and at no point do we suspect she is the bad guy. Partially because of the perfect restrained menace from weaving, but also because we see her burst of fear when the agents are coming. A frightened badass is hard to pull off, but she nails it. And Keanu, oddly emotionally detached from his surroundings, perfect for role. Nobody does this better.
I could watch Weaving and Fishbourne in this move all fucking night. Really good stuff. Fishbourne does expositional info dump and it doesn't skip a beat. Weaving is so fucking crazy and cruel with almost no expressed emotion, he is like a bag of poison spiders wrapped in human skin.
Trump's military no longer releases info about drone strikes.
He gets a lot of deserved hate as well.
Discuss it with the table. It is a huge buff with no downsides as written. Really, why wouldn't everyone want to be a werebear? Immunity to physical attacks. 19 strength. Here are my rules. Stat Boost: If their strength or dexterity is raised, they have one less magic item attunement. By default, taking animal or hybrid form makes them under control of the DM. They can control the shift if they take levels in an appropriate class or shift character race crunch including loss of bonuses and abilities to an appropriate race. To have any form of wereform damage resistance: They need to backrev the last class level that they took, and take a level of barbarian. This may still be a bit of a munchkin choice because they can take a level of barbarian without the natural strength of 13, but whatever. The animal or Hybrid form can only be held, or kept in player control, as long as they are in a rage. They have to follow rage rules. No casting, no concentration. To take Animal form out of combat, with player control: For wereraven, if they choose to change the crunch from their original racial stats to that of an Aarakoa, they can stay in form under control indefinitely out of combat. Example: Variant Human becomes a were raven. They deduct the two bonus points that they chose, remove the skills and feat, and replace with starting stat boosts and skills of the Arakkoa. Stat changes are permanent until the character is not a lycanthrope. For Werebear: Same, but Goliath. ... And so on. The end result should be that they are in balance with the party. If there were no negatives to Lycanthropy, then good lycanthropes would spread the curse to all good people.
I would run this so that the death curse began when they were level 6 or so. They are all native Chultan's or recent arrivals, in Chult to find their fortune. Run it as a sandbox, with the randoms getting more and more lethal the further into the wilds they go. Have 2 months of downtime between each major venture. Explore the city, give them an HQ, let them get established. When they hit 5, THEN they have a reputation of principled tomb raiders, THEN they get summoned by the mage.
Titans were the team that scared me, but we beat ourselves. Still gotta run the ball guys.
Yeah, at level 18, somebody already has a bag of holding filled with potions of healing. Or two.
3rd.
Or you take the cowards way out and go Hexblade dip. As I do. Every time.
I was hoping I would have a little more time. For OH so many reasons.
At least you aren't a Bladesinger Wizard, otherwise known as - Rolled Stats only. You are never going to be as good in combat as a straight martial, fortunately. You are a full caster alternative to that. Possibly the best caster in the game, with a good list of spells, and the ability to cherry pick a few more. A casting skill that lets you dominate the social tier. The hexblade dip makes a fighting bard much less MAD than say, a Monk, which needs Dex + Wis to be very high, and CON to stay in fights. Which is why I am a bit disappointed they let them get to print. They are fine as a single class warlock, but they as a one or two level dip they are the most optimal choice for Bards, Sorcerers, and Sword and Board or dex Paladins.
Yes, shadow blade and tensers transformation really help bladesinger, and the battle cantrips are actually not that great for them, which is odd. Fight, fight, fight for potions of speed. But by this measure, the bard can get an amulet of health and is fine.
No. Undermountain is a megadungeon under Waterdeep, Underdark is the series of many caverns that leads to the underground cities of the Drow, Grey Dwarves, Mind Flayers, etc. There are probably paths from Undermountain to the Underdark.
Facebook and Twitter have both gotten stock and advertising evaluations based on active user counts that are obviously wildly inflated with non-human users. It is literally against their best interest to delete bot accounts.
Gonna say no. "regains the maximum number of hit points possible from any healing" They are getting the hit points from the spell Healing spirit, not your spell, by the spell text. Though honestly, I'd give it to you. Are they really not fully healing up with a healing spirit alone?
Not shutdown, just retool in a trillion dollar fashion. Businesses can't do it on their own at this point.
There goes your hex.
The open lord is aware of this, and thus has tacit approval from the open lord. They are the impossible mission force of sorts.
Canonically, the modern Moonstars were reformed by Renaer Neverember to support Vajra after she became blackstaff, well before Laeral became open lord. Renaer is close friends with Vajra. The books in which Renaer reforms the Moonstars imply that the Moonstars and Force Grey are both defunct, so really, knock yourself out here. Post-Spellplague Renaer Neverember revived the Moonstars in 1479 DR after Vajra Safahr assumed the title "Blackstaff". However, the group decided they did not want to carry the Moonstars' legacy, so they planned on creating a new organization that would be friends rather than agents of the Blackstaff. The organization's name was not decided at their first meeting.[4] In the month of Eleint, 1486 DR, a moon elf mage and Moonstar named Questele was primarily responsible for defending Stedd Whitehorn, the boy Chosen of Lathander. She died trying to protect him.[5] The Moonstars became active players in Waterdeep, Candlekeep, and Myth Drannor during the Second Sundering, but went underground after the conflict passed. It is unknown what the relationship is between the Moonstars and the Harpers, or Open Lord of Waterdeep Laeral Silverhand, or Vajra Safahr for that matter.[6]
I am thinking that I want to pull Waterdeep into the plane of shadows as the city is covered with a dark and forboding fog. Where castle waterdeep used to be, is a gloomy and disquieting black castle.
The monk in my party also has a crazy wall. https://crazywalls.tumblr.com/ Needs more Pepe Silva.
Bullshit. You are less likely to be pulled over by police. You are less likely for any such interaction with law enforcement to result in violence. You are less likely for any arrest to go to trial. You are more likely to get probation rather than a guilty verdict. You are more likely to be give an interview given an identical resume. You are more likely to be hired after an interview. You are likely to get better car loan rates, you are more likely to be approved for a mortgage. These do not even factor for traditionally black and white neighborhoods. These are HUGE socio-economic advantages.
Technically it is the two generations before them. Give Eisenhower credit, he fully integrated the military in the 40s, right after WWII. The GI Bill was available for black servicemen, but they were unable to utilize it because the new suburban neighborhoods were racially exclusionary, and colleges in the south (except for a few Black Colleges) did not admit black students. So "Thanks Every Generation Since the civil war including the current one to various degrees."
But the GI bill isn't the issue, it was the systemic inability for a black man to buy a house anywhere, even with a GI Bill Mortgage.
Boomers are responsible for the shit that they are doing right now, not when they were young.
We started backsliding in the 80s. We allowed the Jim Crow laws back in the 2000s. We need to get back to work. Things aren't "getting Better" unless we make them better.
Might need to push that date back a bit.
Partially, but keep in mind, a fully integrated Army with a peacetime draft led to black Americans getting an improved quality of life, and organizational and combat training. Yes, Army pay was better than what black Americans were getting in the south.
The reparations should be for the continued economic warfare waged AFTER slavery. Slavery was 150 years ago, it was a moral cancer, but no one is still alive. It is the fact that every white American continues to benefit from the policies and institutions whose results continue to this very moment that needs reparations. And sure, give em out. Fucking bleed the facebook fucks dry, the worthless fucks.
In the sense that taxes are "seizing private property", sure.
Because Black soldiers in the US were still soldiers.
Smaller Government. Abolish ICE.
Little pieces of rocks and space junk moving at orbital speeds. But using the maneuvering thrusters would be fine. But there were backup thrusters on the pack.
But that is between orbits with miles per second between them and hundreds of miles. The dude and the shuttle have nearly the same orbit. You just need a light nudge on the gas maneuvering thruster 180 degrees away from where you want to go. You don't fire up the solid fuel orbital engines.
I can't imagine they didn't have a tether long enough.
That isn't what I said, you twit. I said that the indentured servitude of the forced Irish settlers is in no way comparable to the generational permanent slavery of black Africans. Because it is not. But in any case, the irish faced relatively mild discrimination for 50 years and then a steadily increasing economic and political power as fully accepted white people. There has been no negative effect to irish ancestry for a century. The Irish slavery argument is a specious and irrelevant argument trotted out by intellectually dishonest racist buffoons. Become less of a doofus, if it is possible. Because you are embarrassing. Muting you now.
He is absolutely correct though.
I recall I created rings of infinite unarmed damage so that I could be one punch man.
Hence the name, stink pipe.
Good for them. Not sarcastic.
Menzoberranzan of the Drow is an example of a society that openly worships demons, and interbreeding with such has created a culture of cruelty based on domination and might makes right.
&gt; Deutsche Bank faced prior scrutiny for a $1 billion loan (later restructured to $790 million) to VTB Bank, a bank also majority-owned by the Russian government. That loan was first issued in 2007, and the Wall Street Journal later reported Deutsche Bank executives raced to shed the remaining balance on it shortly after Trump’s election. At the time there was still about $600 million left for VTB to pay off, but the Journal reported Deutsche Bank took a loss in order to reduce its Russian exposure.
Except in this case, the issues with the 737MAX had a root cause in the fact that in order to increase sales for the 737MAX, they used software to make the flight characteristics of the 737MAX match those of the 737 so that airline crews would not have to retrain. And the software had a serious bug that misinterpreted the result of a fairly common mechanical difficulty, causing the plane to spike into the ground. Boeing knew about this BEFORE the first time it happened, killing hundreds, but still resisted issuing a warning until a SECOND 737MAX piledrived itself. So yeah, the CEO should fucking fry.
Except that is incredibly common to buy personal light trucks with business funds and using them as commuter vehicles.
Yeah, when one of the chasers is a monk with mobile.... I just said straight out it was a railroad, and he gets away.
They aren’t gatekeeping, they are overly enthusiastic at times, and have a tendency to dogpile in defense of their enthusiasm. Regrettable, but from what I have seen, the victims are at a minimum rude and dismissive. Not sure why people have a need to go into their space and be dicks.
They aren’t here to talk to the senate. They are talking to Trump’s base and Trump. Appropriately, they speak gibberish.
It wasn't. It was to ensure that the States could maintain militias. And now, the gunsexuals are the ones keeping the tyrants in power.
So, let's make it worse? The game is balanced around a fighter getting plate around 5th level.
The pope was the head of the Italian government until 1870.
Yes. Like Nunes did.
https://youtu.be/CQzUsTFqtW0
Yeah, we try to keep evidence of animals sharing much of the same ability to reason and emotional reactions as we have in a different part of the brain than where we keep how tasty bacon is.
Everything is fine. I'm fine.We are fine.
We did it before, and we can do it again. Someone see what Kevin Gregg is doing.
Jordan Peterson is a prison guard on the US border.
6 Million Poles were murdered by the Nazis. Maybe 2 Million were Jewish. The Polish resisted the Nazis, and it went poorly for them. College professors, protestors, people with shit SS members wanted, people who hid jews, people who were unenthusiastic about Nazis. You know how Tump says Democrats are traitors, well just that.
They are literally concentration camps. They are not currently death camps, as German concentration camps later became. The US put Japanese Americans in concentration camps in WWII. They didn't murder them.
Decriminalize non-citizenship.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Grey,_2nd_Earl_Grey Tea named for a dude.
They are race based concentration camps. They are next door neighbors. We've let ourselves head down the Nazi path.
No, it isn't. Blocking you for intellectual dishonesty.
As we can see by the statements of the architect of Trump's immigration policies, they are racially based.
Accurately.
In 1985 is was $1.25 at Hungry Harolds, AND they had a tetris machine.
Make more shit up.
Supposedly they don't track the phone's location when you are clocked out but I wouldn't take a phone with the app with you. Are you at a desk, or moving around a site? If the app talks to the motion sensor it knows that the phone is stationary. Does the company call you on the same phone?
I LOVE THAT MAN.
Churchill starved 1.6 Million Indians to death, Britain's favorite way to kill uppity conquered people.
In this particular case it is apparent that the department has deep systemic issues. By eliminating the department they can clean house completely, and the departments that pick up the metro have no need to hire the bad actors.
I am very pro unions, but cop unions fucking suck. They should disband NYCPD right now and start fresh.
He is a really nice guy.
Teacher unions are fine. No, pedos don't get moved around. They aren't priests.
Very few unions protect mass murderers.
Teacher unions are fine. They don't have guns.
They are garbage top to bottom, is the issue. Hence the complete disbanding of entire departments.
Yes, so yahoo republican/libertarian looters don't replace them with mercenaries.
Well then, we are lucky that Britain doesn't have much of an empire any more.
Wall of fire/wall of force combined are already a no save death machine.
In my personal (work writing, not professional) experience, reading my writing aloud is the only way that I can get a real proofread type experience.
"the corrupt administrations which are supported by the teachers unions" Bullshit. The bad education is from school systems starved for cash due to property tax funded schools. Property tax decimated by redlining. The whole anti-teacher union propo is from the fox news crowd that wants to feast from the public troth like they do with military contracting and private prisons. This weepy weepy generational cycles of poverty mooning by libertarian dumbshits is tiresome.
Laugh while you can Vlad. Can't wait until Putin is dead in a ditch.
"it must be something the character has not previously revealed." If the character feels it is a secret then it should trigger the effect.
The Thinker.
How many fights do you get per long rest? The Paladin has three first level slots...
The Xanathar will be getting lair actions and 6 eye attacks a round, with its rings it will most likely be invisible, immune to scrying, and have resistance to force damage. Xanathar will most likely be alerted that the players are coming by the Panopticon, and will get to chose his killing ground. So, no, probably not too easy. a party of 5 7/8s should be a tpk as he nukes them from long range. The eye blasts aren't spells or attacks, so they won't even make him decloak, so they have disadvantage on most saves. The Xanathar also has a gang, so they might also be fighting a mind flayer and a bunch of bugbears at the same time.
If the one twin is cheating with the other twin's husband then they are full siblings.
The problem is that they are usually pulling 14 year olds into group marriages without a ton of consent.
The guy had been pestering Aldrin for some time and made a fake speaking event where Aldrin and his daughter came to and then insulted him on camera. Aldrin and his daughter have called a cab and are trying to leave when the asswipe came out with a camera crew and called him a liar and a coward while poking him with a bible. Aldrin's daughter is holding him back until that point, but she literally threw her hands up when he said that. I watch the footage fairly frequently. https://connectingvets.radio.com/articles/astronaut-buzz-aldrin-punches-moon-landing-denier
Grapple and shove.
"LGBTQ+ propaganda" "cancel culture". Honestly, fuck off.
What do you think MAGA means?
I was watching it with my parents. I was pretty young.
The number of survivors is now up to 7 out of 42 attempts as of this date.
Yeah, the developed an alternative to the abdominal shots.
Right. There is nothing odd about almost all black skinned elves being bloodthirsty, over-sexualized, worshipping evil demons, and being chaotic evil. It is a fucking pity that Gygax didn't make Drow ethereally pale albino elves, as one might expect from a group of people trapped underground for so many generations, but he didn't. Later artists changed them to have skin tones that are essentially those of real world black people.
Shocking. All you do is post hate on "the libs" and Pelosi and how Obama was over rated, and here you are bitching about an inter-racial couple. We are over updating this picture to show how much we dislike people like you.
Yeah, Nah.
That is some good history right there.
