Your usual Cerakoted military fetishist wankfest of high-speed, low-drag, over-priced Tacticool™ mall-ninja junk cranked out by some 'Murrican whose business model involves handing out one or two to guys in the military so he can advertise they're used by the military and con gullible hillbillies into forking over $500 for a piece of steel cranked out on a CNC machine from a piece of flat in five seconds. You know. For when The Collapse™ happens, and you have to use your years of playing PUBG and watching American Preppers and you have to go all Operator on the brown people's asses when they come for your hoard of ebay-bought MREs and hentai figurines.
Yeah, Wankerstar is such a fucking blowhard. "Gosh, Yanmar sent me this $20,000 tractor, how awesome is it? Pretty sure I'm not biased!" His target audience is purely 50-year-old middle managers who hold fantasies of rugged indvidualism (provided you kick them back a little somethin' via his Amazon links, and if you happen to be the digital marketing manager for a large corporation who wants to send him free shit...) His [origin story is exactly what you expect](https://fremonttribune.com/news/local/you-tube-stars-opt-for-modern-homesteading/article_37e6af44-47ab-5f41-8546-cb141fb957cd.html): &gt;“We were both working a lot of hours – 80 hours per week -- eating out three meals a day, coming home to a dark house,” says Cody, one of the stars of the Wranglerstar You Tube channel. “Everyone you meet says, ‘Oh, you guys have it made. You’re making so much money. You’re building these careers.’ But we didn’t really like it. We didn’t get to spend any time together.” "We were loaded, man. Still are. But truly this is an project totally built on our hard work and dedication alone, not out of the privilege of being wealthy and being able to retire early." &gt; That’s when his wife, Jessica, learned through a Bible study about a couple who had moved to Montana, dropped off the electrical grid and created a new life. Oh, yeah, and he's a fundie nutbag, too.
SMC-A f1.7 50mm was my go-to for ages. Light, sharp, cheap. Really, this is a USP that doesn't get enough praise.
One word: chainsaws. They're not for hammering on *steel*. That's important. A lot of mass-produced, but pre-WWII, axes were made with a rounded poll, for balance and weight, although it really doesn't make that much difference. Post WWII, the square poll starts getting more and more popular, as the axe was indeed used for hammering - hammering chainsaw wedges, to stop the tree pinching down on the bar. Unlike misery whip wedges, which were hardened, drop-forged steel, chainsaw wedges back then were like to be aluminium, bronze, or some other soft metal - because if you hit the wedge with the chain, in the words of Essential Craftsman, "you've got a lotta filing to do". It's easier to bash in a wedge with a flat poll than a round one. Incidentally, some manufacturers like Brades offered the same axe in both square- and round-poll configurations for a while.
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if I missed time side mission where the villagers' carthorse gets possessed by a demon and you have to go all Alex Karras on it.
I know a guy like this, but with Fords...
Because Think Different - It Just Works.
&gt; The old man knew a retired food chemist in Kiama who told him you could make a fake ham from most meats. This is just the most delightfully sus thing ever.
Gambling apps are the digital durrie.
American made, definitely a Tassie, and many old timber-getters swear it was the best axe they ever swung. That Plumb logo was used for *ages* from about 1917 onto the sixties, so it's pretty hard to tell the date from that. That "dent" in the top is where they struck the bevels into the axe. They're a bit asymmetrical sometimes as they were hand struck - well, held under the drop forge manually. Same with the top. Won't affect the performance. And be grateful - that edge is in *excellent* condition for a Plumb Tassie. Most were used by actual timber getters and while well-cared for, they were used hard. And there's only so much sharpening they can do. The bit geometry is intact, which is wonderful. My guess is someone walked into the hardware store for a firewood splitter, and bought it, hence why it never needed to be sharpened as it was probably used for splitting. That Permabond is a cunt of a fucking thing to get out, but.
&gt;It appears all the people commenting haven't had the opportunity to live in a regional town and at other times in the city. Welcome to /r/Australia. Where anything more than a bus ride outside Newtown is basically going up the river to find Colonel Kurz.
What, you mean the coffee culture they appropriated off the Italians?
Ah, Black Milk. Best thing about uni in the early 2010s.
Viva, Brisvegas...
I'm sure the Italians would be glad a bunch of Anglos could show them how to do their own culture properly.
Do you serve your pies at room temperature?!
"YOU JUST RUINED ME KID'S BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!"
Let's get the Predictable Excuses of the way, to save all the dickheads' breath when they come in here trying to defend these cunts who invaded: * "Watch Dominion™!" * "We can totally grow all the food we need within the confines of the city, maybe, in the future, so the farmers don't even need to exist now!" * "Maybe if farmers weren't so ignorant we would need to come in and save them from themselves.* * "I don't see why they can't just get another job, like coding. No one needs to work in an abattoir." * "Farmers actually don't do much for the economy, so it's not like it's a big loss." * "They're dumb rednecks, lol. It's ok." * "I could do their job without the cruelty. My months of enlightened call centre experience more than qualify me." * "After all we did for the farmers with these protests, they *still* didn't vote greens!"
Give us a few months for the Libs to get their shit together.
GOT HIM! It's called taking the fucking piss, mate. I'm not gonna on sarcasm tags for every left-brainer out there.
The only musical instrument more painful is a child's violin played by an eight year old who has been learning it since he was seven and three quarters.
DON'T YOU FUCKING DARE MESS WITH THE BEANS.
What are the small Heinz down to now? 220 —&gt; 200 —&gt; 190?
I'M WORKING 90 HOUR WEEKS AND I LOVE IT.
[Here's a short documentary on the subject.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E)
Fucking oath. At list Oak has a banana one...which I may be mildly allergic to.
I'll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one.
...but can you really call that "living"?
##HOW GOOD ARE HOMES AND HOLES!?
Cool. They have Ikea in South Korea?
The ol' bass bin.
The Odd Angry Shot in Oruzgan? Less priestly masturbatory aids and spider fights, more mooning and hand removal?
Seen The Odd Angry Shot?
Grab a Passiona and see it. Now. ["Geez, I'd love a Passiona..."](https://youtu.be/ok24wf1pKcA) Surprisingly accurate field tactics, too. Was filmed in Canungra with veterans - including the helicopters - from Vietnam. Most of the choppers had been over there. WARNING: This is an Ozploitation film. There will be John Jarrat penis.
I should've watched that. I can't stand Trioli but watching her go to town on Jofry would've been gold.
Going to Uni and watching the Young Liberal cunts really explains a lot about the current crop of dropkicks.
Based on the fictional book of a bait layer who worked with the SAS in Nam. Hence why they give the Cook so much shit in the movie...
I liken it to a kid on his family's farm who can plough, muster sheep, and milk the cows... ...but who his parents never teach to drive a car, buy groceries, or do his own washing so he never leaves and is forced to keep working for them.
\*pharmacist slides across a bottle jack*
Good to see they're...loosening...restrictions.
Used them all the time in primary school.
&gt;When you were finished did you reinflate them and jump on them? Did you even go to an Aussie primary school if you didn't?
I mean, it probably faced some stiff opposition in certain circles.
Yeah, but there were quite a few hoops they had to jump through.
Aye. Which is why I can't stand her in a lightweight breakfast role. She can't switch it off.
YES! WHY AREN'T THE BUMS GETTIN' JOBS AND FRANKIN' CREDITS?! ^^/s
That would just confuse Tesla's autopilot even more.
The best bit is listening to the presenters hold back the laughter when they have to hype up the Classic 100.
Do I dare post this in the Tamworth WWWW Facebook group?
We fucking do not.
My fave are the two chicks on during the day who are *clearly* the types who wake up on a couch somewhere and pull six cones and then stumble into work around 10AM.
Nah, the enlightened white hipsters of /r/australia keep telling me we don't need to worry, since they swear the greens will give us a real candidate next time. Also, I bet you're too much of a coward to say what electorate you're from.
Pretty sure Ray White Commercial's leases do make a claim on half your living and your gonads, but.
Ah. Tends to happen in regional towns, that's all.
I love it in a Virgin Donoghue v Stevenson (there's a drink for the lawyers...)
&gt; Ita might be a liberal who's worked for Murdoch and (Kerry) Packer, but she's a long-standing journalist and tough as fuck. Neither of those things can be said for Michelle Guthrie. The other thing that's hilarious is that nobody knew who Michelle Guthrie was - she was just some faceless Business Person, Generic plucked from the beige ranks of News Corp. But not Ita. She's a celebrity, a household name, and beloved by many...including the sorts of geezers who would form the Libs' base. They Libs put in place someone whom they can't torch like they did Guthrie without doing themselves massive damage. You can't really give Ita the arse and not catch hell for it - you can't push around someone as beloved as Ita. Fuck's sake. Chisel wrote a song about her. While I wasn't too fond of her appointment to begin with, her words are heartening.
Thank you. I googled the birds because I knew someone would come along and say "Ackshyully..."
My favourite is their fucking all using play store updates just to update their shitty offers. Yeah. Did you really need to make Google send over a 14MB update just to tell me I "could win tix to Splendour"?
Millennials are easier to fire, and if you think that knowledge of keyboard shortcuts is all that matters at work I suggest trying a role that's not in IT Support.
&gt;It's very distressing that the article would say that "women don't do well in these conditions" when Scandinavian models have proven that no-one does well in these conditions. Honestly, I get sick of these deception-by-omission, bad-faith articles that imply something only happens women when it quite clearly happens to both.
We're not exactly seeing any calls for *all* genders in prisons to be treated better. This article seems to admit that men are treated like shit - but that it's ok for men to be treated like shit.
&gt;Says the guy with a creative writing degree. Bet that move set you up for life. Nice refutation of what I said there, /u/Nerfbane. Ad hominem, much? Are you saying that because you think you have more money than me your opinion is worth more? Cover your drinks, ladies - we've got a Young Liberal in the house! (Are you the guy who boasts about being a millionaire?) Au contraire, pointless arts degree should be right up the Greens alley, no? They love cunts like me. Plus, when you elect them, I'll be able to kick back on Newstart - that your taxes pay for - and live it up. So, thanks in advance, bucko. I mean, maybe if you studied humanities more than whatever it you do, you'd probably realise the irony of being a (so-called) greens supporter and then using conservative values to fail to win an internet argument, but hey, I'm sure you many vast piles of cash make you a much more radical and progressive member of the community than anyone else, Comrade. By the way, how are your brothers? They still on the farm? And your folks? Which party did they vote for?
Then they're shit small business owners and the Market will take care of them by driving them out of business - ain't that the Libertardian way? Are you suggesting that...the government *interfere* in the market?!
"Young people don't have any money 'cause they don't know how to *work*! If they knew how to work they'd have money!" That's pretty much their reasoning. Circular logic. SOURCE: Working with boomer small business owners.
Their length is also a guide to the blind. My mum used to have gauges when she worked for community care that they could fold the notes over, with the note's end falling just above its value written in Braille.
Hold up, she mightn't be a true Qld sports person. Did she just shout "QUEENSLANDER!!!!" over and over when they played the anthem instead of singing?
"DAMMIT, I SAID I'M QUEER, NOT LITERATE!"
Linen blazer. Truly, a man of taste and class. Linen rocks.
Well, of course. You can't be slumming it without actual slums.
And it's possible brother site, Charles Tyrwhitt. Although the deals haven't been as good since the ACCC tore them a second one.
And you're obviously not very good at it.
It's a semiotic nightmare.
I think you may have had the exact RW I had when I was living in Wilston... ...but that's beside the point. They're ALL bastards. Everyone I've met who's dealt with them, no matter where in the country, knows they're bastards.
Never has, buddy. Sorry. Seriously. Go into an actually at gallery holding a photo exhibition. See how often the gear gets mentioned. The "custom" is only for neckbeards on camera forums who only care about the gear and not the art - nerds who are in love with the idea of money and technology compensating for lack of artistic talent. SOURCE: I actually get paid for my photos.
&gt;Hah neat pun. FTFY
"High hopes for medical marijuana" "Cannabis legalisation a pipe dream" "Hemp advocates say it's not easy being green" "Universities, Department of Ag form joint studies group for cannabis research" "For MS sufferers, marijuanas could be their new best bud"
##...THIS WEEK WE HAVE A RANGE OF BEAUTIFUL WALL AND FLOOR TAAAAAAAHLS *SLASHED*. THAT'S RAAAAAHT. 30% OFF A RANGE OF BEAUTIFUL POLISHED PORCELAIN WALL AND FLOOR TILES.
\*points towards door* Out.
That prison guard is my favourite character. He nails the tone of bored authority perfectly.
Hipsters would buy the fuck out of it.
How did you hide your monster dong in that dress? The ol' Buffalo Bill tuck?
Not unless your planter has a handle and rust hole in the side. And, damn phone, made me misspell the word in the title.
Any Alf pogs?
"After five years on the East Coast, it was time to go home..."
Basically, Fuji reversed the layers (emulsion-developer-fixer) in their film compared to what Polaroid did. It wasn't enough for a worldwide ban, but still, US courts came down in favour of Polaroid and banned Instax from the US for years until Polaroid went tits up.
##BYUILL SHEEYAAAAAAWTEN!!!!!
Only to connoisseurs of obscure Simpsons references.
Fruit is tasty, but. Itchy, yet tasty.
We're talking about fantasy fans here, people.
Man, one nation just has the *classiest* associates.
##DISREGARD, PUSH ON WITH MASSIVE ADVERTISING BLITZ MOCKING FIBRE AND HOW WE DON'T NEED FIXED INTERNET ANY MORE.* *5G only available in major capital cities; download fees apply. Full speeds not available to any customer more than 3 metres from 5G basestation.
Dermatologist is getting a kickback from the private hospital. Five'll get you ten.
[How much money you got? ](https://www.bowerswilkins.com/net/home-audio/nautilus)
You're assuming most people here want Labor to do well.
Mate, there's a reason American banks, some of the dodgiest organisations on the planet, won't touch him with a thousand foot pole. He wouldn't know good deal if it was tattooed on a Russian prostitute's labia.
Look, guys, don't be so selfish. Those empty Chinese investment apartments only work in the middle of the city and *oh my God, why do you hate the economy*?
It's spelled "Labor". Ironic that the kids who get most of their social, cultural, and political cues from the US get this wrong.
Probably a US podcast, knowing that kid.
Holy fucking shit, there's vehicle my DX Rodeo can beat!
"VIC POL ACCEPTS GIFT FROM DRUG USER"
There's a teddy bear factory staffed by immigrants just up the road in T-ba who should be cranking these out at a rate of knots. Just, um, maybe don't get /u/breakalim to make the pattern...
Actually one of the better, more accurate representations of Australia on screen. "When do we get to Marston's ranch?" "We've been ridin' across it for the last three days."
I see you, too, have played Fallout 3 and The Elder Scrolls: Oblivion.
[Solidteknics? ](https://www.solidteknics.com/solid-products2/?gclid=Cj0KCQjwxYLoBRCxARIsAEf16-sZmMalUGgQiuYwkcnRL25AeqNO08cu44sL1HyLruQMdEX1BEiXbNEaAjTMEALw_wcB)
You know the best thing about Milo &amp; Otis? Watching it as an adult and realising just how, holy hell, just how absolutely rat-arsed, shit-faced, newted, piss-drunk, and generally maggoted Dudley Moore was during the whole thing.
&gt;One three. Double oh! Six triple fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive oh six. FTFY.
Now doing electoral analysis on ABC!
NMI should rip them a new one. Decert. Now.
Shit. /u/nerfbane is a woman?
Ah, there's our little cliché. What electorate are you in again? &gt;Remember 3 months ago all those fuckers screaming along the murray darling basin about how the nats have fucked the river, their livelihoods and their towns? All of them re-elected. **That's voting against your own interests.** Told ya before, matey, I didn't vote for Joyce. I've said before on here, and I'll say it again: voted for Blakester in the last election and Mercurius Goldstein in the last one. You'll have to google who that last bloke is, as we know you don't know. Believe me, I know what that cunt Barnaby's done, and I'd never vote for him. Ever. You're welcome to him, but - after all, without people like Barnaby, you and your political idols would have nothing to do all day. Where would your outlet for your orgasmic rage be then. Oh, and by the way: how're your brothers' farms? How're your folks back up in the bush? Who'd they vote for? Been back to the regional town you grew up in?
It's not healthy to have fantasies that make you jealous.
YOU COME BACK HERE AND MAKE LOVE TO MY WIFE!!!
"'e said an 'edge is an 'edge 'e don' know wha Reap moan' about."
I love how they stick it to the Yanks with every single swear word written on the swear jar is censored, except for "CUNT" right in the middle.
[Archer was used in Grand Budapest](https://fontsinuse.com/typefaces/7219/archer)
&gt;But they look pretty in ~~photos~~ the pre-construction digital renders for buyers so they have that going for them. Made that a bit more accurate.
We'll see what climate change brings...
Thank you! It's Australia's Jazz Cup!
Wait until you discover who the Stabby Father Christmas is...
Wrote it myself last night. Tired after work, so apologies for any spelling/grammar weirdness.
Honestly, Tulipomania was way cooler than InvestmentPropertyomania.
But of course! Of course!
Yeah, I think they stopped trying after that because the house was only of minor, tenuous significance. I wasn't like, say, the house Ed Barton grew up in or something.
##"OLD MAN YELLS AT COAL"
/r/Axecraft is calling...welcome to the addiction.
The neckbeards who did vocational degrees are downvoting you...
No, sorry, but I can hear that chair from here.
Addendum: Ah, they've all just woken up, after a long Saturday night of playing Overwatch and jacking off to hentai.
Off you fuck, then.
"OH, SO YOU DON'T BELIEVE WE SHOULD DO EVERYTHING WE CAN TO STOP PAEDOPHILIA?" Yup. That's why.
I remember a bottle someone had shaken and left at a high school party. The foam on it didn't dissipate after six hours. It was still there in the morning. That was unnatural.
Mate, it's clearly Tooheys Old weather. Love that beer.
"Well, we'll just ban pets!" \- Landlords
How dare you accuse him of being gay! It's not like he ran around chasing a testicle-shaped piece of sports equipment while grabbing onto other fit, young men who were wearing short-shorts. I mean, come on, mate. Hetero as.
Working as intended.
I'll buy 50,000 shares!
I mean, you can see the Government's problem with opening it to simply "religious" groups. "Hello, I'd like to apply for the position of Chaplain." "Oh, certainly! We're always looking for new chaplains! What's your name?" "Mohammed bin Saiy-" "THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST BUT WE ARE NOT TAKING APPLICATIONS AT THIS TIME."
I don't know how you kill your animals for consumption, but is sounds like it's pretty fucking sick.
...which makes them no different to any other journalists...
Then berate single parents on welfare for owning smartphones!
This looks bloody awesome. It'll be the second best Aussie Vietnam War film.
Jokes on you, we millennials aren't married, have no super, are unemployed, and are already suicidal.
SCRUFFY GON' DIE THE WAY HE LIVED. \*licks finger, turns pages of porno mag*
If you're really lucky, you can grab them by the balls as a contractor. There was a contractor at the council I worked at who was getting paid $95k to do an $80k job, because of course they didn't want to hire a permanent to do it anyway, so when they desperately needed someone they had to pay out the arse for a contractor. Surprise, surprise: the job is vital, and the guy becomes so indispensable they have to keep him on indefinitely... ...but they can't make permanent because of course there's a fixed rate for what they can pay him for that role - the $80k - as permanent, and he'll just walk if he has to take a $15k pay cut.
Standard practice in Queensland. Just withhold your bond, hope you don't bother to fight it.
It's housing for the backbone of our economy: baby formula merchants.
As everyone else mentioned, keep reporting. You're not in full time yet - there will most likely be whole weeks where you're not rostered on at all and need to eat. That healthcare card is golden, and you'll still get payment if you're below the threshold. Reporting is easy.
Home's rockin' the ganj!
Bad steam! Bad!
I just love how he has such a granular use for each specific hot sauce.
Fuck off with this Seppo bullshit and fuck off now.
Oh, right. This guy.
&gt;I generally find the anti American commentary here to be very crude Well, we've gotta keep it simple for them.
And that capitalism's love of competition will absolutely result in winners and losers.
Open up the door and spread 'em!
Explain Elon Musk, then.
I've seen that stamp before...can't remember what it is, but.
&gt; wakes up your sleeping passenger That's just rude.
How did Dutton let you in if you're a dude?
[Obligatory Betoota...](https://m.betootaadvocate.com/uncategorized/ato-to-crackdown-on-small-business-owners-to-ease-burden-on-multinationals-paying-no-tax/)
After 25 years it can claim your plate for itself.
And the FREDs.
See: William Gibson nearly bankrupting the X-Files...
I only watched bits of the first seasons, and it'd be a helluva lot better if they ditched all the family bits.
For me it was Willie.
Seriously, though: there's nothing tough, disciplined, or noble about making you poor bastards wear long pants and sleeves during Talisman Sabre. It's just stupid, especially during working parties. Forty degrees, 98% humidity. Come the fuck on.
Why the hell doesn't Richard have his own show?!
So good, Cara Gee based her accent on his.
User name...worries me.
##RAAF TAKES DELIVERY OF TOP-SECRET F-35
The second-angriest Aussie bird!
...held in broad daylight, with the press invited along, fully catered, and with several officers from the ADF guiding them to wherever they like...
You mean English Bob? The *assassin*?
You get to witness the majesty of Gary Sweet. Although I could've gone my whole life without the majesty of Gary Sweet's arse.
He's great if you're trying to lose weight.
I'm pretty sure it doesn't.
I did.
Yeah. It's just her racquet got smaller.
The grinding and training was the worst parts. Fuck flying school.
"Actually, it costs us eleventy trillion to store your data for just a single week!"
Which one?
Melburnians tend to assume that Melbourne is the only place in Australia anyone would come to.
They're wanker hipsters.
Yeah, no, nobody adds HFCS to soft drinks here. Learn to tell the difference between Australia and America.
Never said it was their fault. I'm saying it will make these do-nothing Libertardian, free market shitcunts in government look like fucking hypocrites. I'm not above having the government step in and help people out. I am above, however, a government who won't help the little guy but will let scumbags like Harry get away with this shit.
Harry'll take Scomo out to lunch somewhere.
The new-age-world-traveller-exploration 90s stuff is awesome.
Yes. It's the variant of Christianity invented by the Seppoes because Christian values are at odds with Murrican values.
You're stretching.
Are you related to Daniel?
We really need that age limit for this sub
&gt;Hear me out. &gt; &gt;I don't agree with what he said or how he said it. But ifnthays what he believes in, so be it. He is entitled to that. He has the right to practice his religious freedom. He's not breaking any rules. That's not why Izzy's in a tizzy. It's because the dumb cunt can't read contracts. &gt;Sure it's incredibly unpopular but are we at the stage at a society now forcing believes and opinions on people against there will? Like the ACL? &gt;Isn't that discriminating inhibiting him from freely practicing what he believes in? Isn't that literally what Fuckwit Folau is doing to gay people, except worse, because no one chooses to be gay?
How's that our problem?
Hell, I'm Australian and even I'm impressed! Always wanted one of these.
Coles has it now!
Eat shit, Stallone. Lansbury's got the highest body count.
PRRRREST-O, CHANGE-O!!!
"I do believe there are quite a few homosexuals who would enjoy thrilling Sydney activities such as sitting quietly, or going to bed with a nice cup of warm milk at 8 o'clock sharp," Ms. Berejiklian said yesterday.
STONE THE FLAMIN' CROWS! STREWTH, I THOUGHT RAY MEAGHER HAD BLOODY CARKED IT!
I thought Tokyo had finally cracked down on guys taking photos of cunts on the trains.
"I'm, uh, looking for a vending, uh, machine. For a, ah, friend." "Oh, there's one over there selling Pocari Sweat, and a few metres along there's one selling ramen-" "Not, uh, that sort of vending machine..."
The more and more I see of these cunts, the more it explains the Young Liberals at uni. I remember some asked the Fresh shitcunt (LNP leader) if he had any long-term goals for the union, and he simply grinned and shot back "Mate, I graduate next year". Same mentality.
They don't believe in governance, so why else would they think they got elected? That's the idea.
They're having their drivers rev up their limousines as we speak.
Welcome to Elon Musk Marketing 101.
&gt; However the media doesnt seem to like to report negative news for the government until after the election. *Peter Dutton's AFP attack dogs want to know your location*
So you're saying it's from multiple camels? 100% BACTRIAN BLEND.
Oh, you poor 'Murricans. Invented borosilicate kitchenware, but then the 'Murricanness took over and went "Hey. We'll flog this based on the name we've established and prey on people's xenophobia by playing up the MADE IN THE USA-ness of it, but make it out of cheaper glass!" French - yes, zee Froggies - still make borosilicate PYREX.
"Hey. This building has to look *exactly* like how the architect's rendered it in this extremely-non-photo-realistic architectural software." "Got it. All big, broad, surfaces with no curves in shades of flat Placeholder Texture Neutral Grey."
&gt;Edit: another thing, their bark sheds in long thin strips which covers the ground in essentially kindling which helps the fires spread further and faster. \#notalleucalypts - well, spotty gum, the stuff you imported, technically ain't even a eucalypt any more. Makes fucking good axes handles, but - be a dear and send some to /u/impaled23. He's looking for some. Stringybark does as well, of course, but I don't think you got any of those. Ironbark, famously, does not shed at all. It just keeps building up, hence the name.
There's a story from down here that's related. Australia has a 10% GST - Goods &amp; Services Tax - on most things. For a while, things you imported as an end consumer (like, say, from the US) were exempt from it if it was under $1000AU. Why? Because, simply, it cost the Australian Taxation Office $100 each time to to process and track each instance charging GST on these private import transactions. Obviously, that literally means the government would be losing *more* than it gets back on tax for private imports under $1000. Basic maths. Of course, shit's often more expensive in Australia, so even factoring in exchange rates and shipping, you could order from the US and still come out ahead. (The headphones I'm wearing right now were imported - they were $699AU here, but only $189 in the US at the time I bought them...*and that was when the Aussie dollar was worth $1.05US*.) So, what did the conservative treasurer Scott Morrision - now our PM, sadly - do? Remove this GST-free threshold. Now everything gets taxed. And now low-value imports *actually cost the government and the Australian people money.* So why the hell would they do that? One, Scott Morrison is basically the most unimaginative cockmongler to ever mongle cock. If he had a second brain cell he'd have a headache. Two, well, of course, he's a neoliberal. Classic *starve the beast* bullshit. Three, of course, shitcunts like Gerry Harvey, Australia's largest electronics retailer, seller of the exact sorts that he overcharged for and thus enticed Aussie to import from the USA, whinged and whined, as did our massively influential retail and commercial real estate lobbies. And as we all know, big business is the object of lust for neoliberal arsehats. Meanwhile, Google, Apple, Microsoft, et al, apparently made *zero dollars* in Australia, and continue to do so...
Amen. Did Avatar have: Robin Williams? Robin Williams' rapping? Tim motherfuckin' Curry? Yoram "I permanently mentally scarred your parents with *Dot &amp; The Kangaroo*" Gross? Mt. Warning? An absolutely smokin' hot forest fairy called Crys- I've said too much. _____________ The same thing Sam Worthington uses to mate with the Chick Smurfcat is the same thing he uses to ride that pterandon thingy... That's like if you want to ride your horse you have to stick your dick in it.
We had prisoners.
^ This is not satire.
Friends close, and all that...
Adolf Kipfler!
You normally get: a) Up-and-coming 19-year-old actress (who Australians have no fucking clue who she is, because she upped stakes and moved to LA when she was 15) with zero actual personality when unscripted. Resorts to smiling and trying to look like she's having fun. b) Reality TV show "star". Again, useless without script simply smiles and answers questions seriously, as if anyone gives a shit. Or, if they're someone who's been around the block long enough, canned responses as deemed acceptable by their agent, their publicist, and their media coach. c) Sports "personality" (contradiction in terms). Costa actually got right the fuck into it. Came off as very... ...organic.
Cultural Studies Professor: "Why, clearly, all skyscrapers are phallic objects." Arias Serna Saravia S.A.: "Hold my cerveza."
"Is Tommy the oldest person you've met?"
You mean "How much guy does this beard have?"
Then give Netflix credit for me discovering it. :)
"Mr Birch?" "Speaking." "Well, I don't mean to complain, but after you installed that new tap my laundry last week and reconnected my washing machine, it's been making an awful racket out never made before the new tap. It's almost as if it's missing part - but it's nearly brand new, and, well I was just wondering if you had any idea what could be wrong?" "Uh...no. No idea."
Man, I was gonna say, 30s - that geometric notch design immediately said art deco to me - but you're right as well. It would honestly fit in the nineties, too. Or eighties. Or fifties. It's a pretty timeless design.
That's exactly what Scummo thinks the job is - ceremonial.
He'll- he'll see the Big Board!
Churchill was the ultimate Mad Lad. Didn't ~~the man~~ Monty eat a bowl of porridge for breakfast, and nothing else, for all his life?
On the plus side, compared to the British commanders in the Far East he was completely and utterly normal.
My mistake. I meant Monty ate the porridge.
Two words: Orde Wingate.
Mad dogs and Englishman...
Except in /r/Australia...
You Yanks want hard? One word: *Plok.* Never got released outside the PAL territories. But Plok, man, Plok is what we had instead of happy childhoods. [Also, Tim Follin is a fucking wizard with the S-SMP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ODKKILZiYY).
Cockatoo?
"The Ghosn Evasion" makes it sound as if it's some dogfighting manoeuvre like the Thach Weave or Rolling Scissors, and not some fat Franco-Brazilo-Lebanese fraudster paying a few Japanese roadies to shove him in a roadcase and drive him to the airport disguised as a Marshall stack.
Found the Yarpie.
It is. Means an authoritative order - eg, your town probably has parking ordinances.
"Expect to hear nothing about this, save for the occasionally reddit repost".
You all about them pepperoni nipples - as long as they're all-beef pepperoni, right?
...which will, according to reddit of the last ten years or so, be 3D-printed from carbon nanotubes, and covered in flexible, transparent solar panels to charge is 20,000,000 amp-hour supercapacitor that only takes five minutes to fully charge and weighs 1.6kg.
His clothing is *violently* eighties.
Or to put in the lobby of your high-end bordello. What? Don't judge.
Adolf Kipfler.
I think we're well past the point of thinking he is capable of doing the right thing.
I believe he's had one single achievement he's focused his entire career one, and that's covering up the fact he's a godawful Rentagospel happy-clapper piece of utter dysentery shit. Australians have, at best, generally have a rather tenuous relationship with religion, and really have a fucking hate-on for Seppo-style evangelical bullshit. The fact that he's managed to keep this covered up from the wider populace really says it all. Remember, his church is one of absolute social Darwinism manifested as God's will - he really thinks this all part of god's plan.
*After The Sunset* was fun, too.
&gt; Shit on fire yo. Australian here. Yes, yes it is. And then there's this Mid East bullshit.
"Ninety...four...metres."
Urethra. Ur welcome.
Gunther? That you?
You should look forward to me becoming PM then.
I mean, yeah, they would, literally...
"Yoohoo"?
Those animals wouldn't even exist if they weren't food. That's some food for thought.
As a photog and minor image quality nut, the first 10-15 years of mainstream (ie, not heinously expensive Eizo/LaCie pro grade monitors) LCD monitor technology was basically LCDs desperately trying to catch up to CRTs. They didn't even come close until June 2009...
Why is everything such a fuckin' travesty with you?!
I sold high-end TVs at the tail-end of the plasma years, and those were the only thing in recent times to come close to CRT, if not excel. I'd get guys come in with **720p-only** Pioneer Kuros asking if we knew where to get them repaired. Those Kuros have a cult following, and with good reason. They were fantastic for colour and response times. Panasonic got all their patents when Pioneer stopped making TVs, and their VT60 line inherited the tech. I've rarely seen better looking colour - especially skintones, which are hard to render correctly on LCD. Sure, you can make them look "good", but to make them look natural and *rich* without oversaturating them? That's a whole different thing. The VT60s excelled... ...but do you want to know what came closest? My dad running an STB - digital input signal - into a middle-of-the-range late-90s NEC CRT TV. With that, felt incredibly sad, because we'd been doing CRTs dirty for all their life - feeding them crappy signals from VHS tapes, analogue TV, and the like, that really didn't let them stretch their legs. Just like the plasmas, there were those same natural, rich skintones, with smooth gradients, and no crushed shadows or blown highlights. I wonder what things would look like if we still continued with that tech...
Let's call this invasion force - oh, I dunno, let's just make something up - *Great Britain*, and the irregular defensive forces, let's see, something that's completely fictional...*Minutemen.*
You pricked them... :(
Can't kill Doc Venture.
That was pretty impressive for A24 to type all that one-handed.
Q: How do you make a hormone? A: Don't pay her.
At the very least, Scomo twisting in the breeze like a hanged corpse no one wants to cut down keeps hammering nails in the Libs' coffin.
So this protest isn't happening in Sunnybank?
Jesus fucking christ mate, fifteen years? Are you trapped on one of those Collinses stuck on the bottom of the sea?
It's still in Bundy &amp; Beenleigh.
No. He needs his hands free to switch to whiskey.
There are homes that were built longer than five minutes ago, you know.
It's dire conservatives groping like Barnaby Joyce at a nighttime CWA meeting, or Alan Jones at an an under-15s boys rugby game.
"...it's 30+!" Wait. Wrong banana boat song.
Really? The United States extrajudicially murdered a general from another country inside another sovereign country for its own domestic purposes.
Probably because half our assets are tied up shifting people from burny parts of the country to non-burny parts of the country. Still, though, I at least expect him to send a few commandos and SASR without telling anyone, which thinks we won't find out about until something amazingly unpredictable (read: completely fuckin' predictable) happens like a bloke AusMulticam and with an Ocker accent gets outed on CNN.
I'm not British, Yank.
Well, it would be if you considered yourself one.
Cheer up, kiddo. You weren't to know.
Keating's assessment is, as usual, bang on: "He's a suburban white picket fence racist". And that's perfect. Holy shit, he *is* the kinda neighbour who'd warn you he saw some blacks down at the park this morning. Unfunt fact: Telstra was looking into an NBN-style all digital, fibre-based, data-oriented network... ...in 1994. The Johnny announced he was privatising it and the project was canned.
"Dude, what the FUCK?" \- Sun Tzu, 2019.
Yeah. The White Paper talks of a whopping 6mbps - which, laughable now, was *huge* the 90s. I'm biased, because my dad worked for NDC for 35 years. Then two years post-privatisation and left because it was a shitshow. People forget how fuckin' badarse Telecom Australia was. How the fuck else do you wire up a country with size and demographics and environmental diversity of Australia? OK, yeah, a lot of them (not my dad) were drunk, but still. Got shit done. No private company would've done it or even been able to. Hell, look at Telstra and the NBN. So many stories he's told me about The Private Years *make fucking sense.* Maintenance, line logging, and general work ethic went to shit under privatisation. And that's where a huuuuge chunk of end-users problems come from. FTTN not only would've still bee relevant, but much better implemented, since the actual quality of copper was better...because it was better maintained. Telstra got given a national network. For free. Ran it into the ground. *And then the fucking libs bought it back off them afterwards.*
He's a fucking Kiwi, and those sheepshaggers can have him.
Things I'd like to beat into the heads of my generation #7388: QUIRKINESS IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR PERSONALITY.
They've already done that.
FUCK YES, IT WILL. FROM ME.
But are they single- or double-feed?
I mean, it's great, if you like to bake a lot of stuff in mixing bowls.
Does everything have to be a fucking podcast these days?
&gt; Coca Cola with cane sugar. My Mcdonalds has that.
It's not paradoxical; it's the Seppoes who've got it wrong.
Shut the fuck up, Davey.
Beet sugar is a thing. Hence, sugarbeet.
My friend studied audio engineering in the oughties. Naturally, his lecturers were mostly the sorts of slightly acid-fried long studio wizards and tinnitus-riddled long-haired live mixers who, were they capable of giving a fuck, probably wouldn't. Anyway, one of his classmates had an MD player, and had some MDs strewn out across a desk, when one of those lecturers sauntered by and did a double take. "What the fuck is that?" says the lecturer, pointing at the discs. "Uh, a Minidisc," says the kid. "Does it record music?" asks the lecturer. "Yeah," says the kid. The lecturer then grabs one, tosses up in the air, where it lands and clatters on the hard floor. "Did I fuck it?" asks the lecturer. "Uh, no," says the kid. "I love this format!" says the lecturer, and saunters off.
Which cunt in the council do I send the bill to for my new monitor, after I scrolled to the "BRISBETTER" image and reflexively punched it?
Yup. The joke is that MD bought Boeing and got Boeing to pay for it.
Not to mention the fact that without Tench, the whole Unit is at risk of getting shut down, even with Bald Director being a fanboy of Commodore Falcon. Without Tench, it'll be about five minutes before Holden does something completely weird that pisses off a local field agent or hillbilly sheriff and creates an unforgivable disaster. Without Tench, it devolves into a show with the two nerds - Holden and Wasserface - flinging psych terms back and forward at each other. That turns a lot of viewers off. And, yeah, we get it: it's hard having a lesbian relationship in the 70s when you're working with the FBI. How's this relevant to the show again?
Ah, the carpark. I can smell the stale urine from here.
They fucked with the Jesus, man...
This is now canon. Stoner house. Like, full on, Withnail-and-I grade stoners.
That radar screen is like a beautiful opal.
[I respectfully disagree](https://imgur.com/gallery/i0C8Y0m).
Yes.
"'Twas a moonless night, dark as pitch, when out of the mist came a beast that 'twas more belly than man!"
ARRRGGHH, NOT A QUARTER! He'll be dancin' fer hours!
No.
"YOU GODDAMN, POCKMARKED, FASCIST *ASSHOLES*!!!"
His delivery is something you can't get from a script. "Well, hello there, chaps."
Holy fucking shit. I'm in hemisphere and yet I felt the spittle off that.
That's one of the chillest vids ever. Watched the whole thing.
Is that Royal Stafford China?
You know what? *marketing hat on* You should approach developers building new towers, and offer to make them cups or tea/coffee sets, as a symbol of the very land they work. It would give them a tangible link to the earth they make their living from, and great for the occupants of the building. I'm sure there'd be a bunch of corporate boards who'd love the idea of having the mugs they wheel out for the board meetings to be made from the earth on which they meet. Or, hell, just any ceramic sculpture or art work.
Find a Clayfield Facebook group and join. That'd be my place to to start. Also, wish could offer you some clay and get a piece in return. I love that dark brown one on the left. Hell, if you're down in Tamworth, hit me up. I'm loving on what is basically a giant unfired tile here...there ain't enough gypsum in the world to break this shit. Also, got a property a bit further north that is, essentially, built on "concrete", according to the local council.
Yeah. Don't.
Should be on the reverse side of the axe. I'll have to check my own. If Kelly-in-the-oval logo is a hot-stamp (ie, very deep and pronounced), that'll be Wilkinson Sword. If it's cold-stamped (ie, thin line cut into the steel) it'll be Cyclone Forgings.
###M-M-M-MONS-M-MON-M-M-M-M-ONST-MONST-MONSTER-MONS-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL
Hall Of Giants a close runner-up.
They cut off the bit where she staggers around and says "I can't feel my face..."
Thankfully, your dad did not have the frosted tips.
##MEIN FUHRER!!! I CAN VALK!!!
They ain't spring rolls. SOURCE: Am Chinesey.
We're not allowed to call them "black boys" any more.
Only because window glass is too expensive to replace.
They'll just set it on fire, as is tradition.
As my dad refers to him: "ZIGGY FUCKEN SWITKOWSKI, that prick". Just because you hold a Phd in nuclear physics does not make you a genius, folks. Old man worked for Telecom Australia/Telstra...until Howard went full neolib in the 90s and Ziggy took over. Dad actually met with him a coupla times because ol' Zig tried to stiff him on his super when everyone got made redundant. &gt;Kodak even brought out a new film format in about 1995, with a magnetic strip on the film. High tech mate! TBF, that's pretty much tradition for Kodak. Every decade or so of 20th century they introduced a new format. 126, 127, 110, Disc film... Disc film actually led to glass moulded aspherical lenses, a revolutionary technological leap in lens making...that Kodak also failed to capitalise on. Perez was the worse for them, but. Incidentally, one of the angriest rants I've been on the end of was when I asked my (now defunct) local Kodak store owner about what he thought about Perez. It was even better, because that store owner was Scottish.
You're fuckdamn right I'm not wrong.
We did it!
"Canadians don't even have to eat grass during winter, such is the climate!"
This was a joke that, back in the pre-SDM days, that Pentax did indeed have in-lens AF motors...
TO GET THE GROCERIES ONE MUST *BECOME* THE GROCERIES. ...I don't know where I'm going with this
Was this dude's name Ernest Hemingway?
So how does a Jeep work for that?
Fuck BMW oil filters. Just be normal, you lederhosen oomp-pa sausage eating fucks.
I hope this sub never finds out about ductile iron...
Better, faster THIS PART OF THE SLOGAN COULD NOT BE RETRIEVED. PLEASE CHECK YOUR NETWORK CONNECTION AND TRY AGAIN.
...you watched the Pete Evans show, didn't you?
&gt;Chinese mother-in-law Theeeeeeeeeere's your answer. My mum's Chinese. But fully Strayanised. Her mum, however, *would not fuck around* with things like death, dead animals, and killing animals. My grandad used to get paid in baby crocodiles, but never brought them home, because "as soon as that thing was in the house Paw-Paw would kill it".
Yes. Also sawfish bills and buffalo horns.
My favourite one was in the Brit show where a lady bought a plant at a boot sale for about two pounds, years ago. It was in a little glass pot. She was about to throw it out when they heard was AR was rocking up in the area that week, and thought, what the hell, we'll bring some of this old crap we've got lying around, see what's what's. One of those things was that glass pot. Anyway, long story short: Lalique. Worth about ten grand.
Meh. No one cares what engineers think about art.
I'm adding that to me dictionary alongside the Neckbeard Fallacy.
[The Cement Ball Of Earth, Heaven, And Hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rag9gSJLyjg). Massive anxiety warning for that clip.
I'm talking about still film... Again, your criticism only exposes your ignorance...
He'd have to be a protector of women to get any work done around Olivia. Did Mariska have a fucking clause in her contract or something that she get kidnapped at least once per season?
And Randy just ad-libbed it. He wrote a bunch of solos that Ozzy didn't like, and then stormed back into the booth and hammered out a legend.
Yeah, they were telling the Northerners that "these people are your neighbours", not just random trash from some far-flung place they've othered and never been to. The poor are all over.
"But not monetary payment. Hell, we're on a main street here, think of all the exposure you're getting!"
And her fucking George Clooney for a story in Three Kings.
No, you fool: in that movie Nucky Thompson teaches Arwen how to use tampons. Different bathroom product.
There are catfish EVERYWHERE. Most common fish on the planet!
Ubi's design philosophy is completely antithetical to the immersive sims Arkane makes. Remember when you were a kid, and one of your mates got a new game, and you went over to play it? Of course, he played it in front of for half an hour before *finally* giving you a go. And then, when you finally get the controller in your hands, he starts shouting at you *how* you should play the game. "No, don't go there. Use the rocket launcher, not the pistol- no, why didn't you kill him first? No, look- YOU'RE PLAYING IT WRONG." That mate is Ubi.
You didn't so much control those units as ask them nicely if they could do a thing, and if they could do that thing they'd do it. It works fine in an RTS where you're monitoring and doing a dozen other things, but those one-unit-only missions sucked because you didn't have that. You literally held down Space, Shift, and W to move *anywhere.* Gap? Altair will auto-jump it. Obstacle? Auto-vault it. Wall? Auto climb it. And you never have to take your finger of Space, Shift, and W. And apparently that's fun. It was touted at THE parkour game. Then Mirror's Edge came along and Faith metaphorically ran circles around Altair.
&gt;Or, as you may know it, the cross of House Bolton. That no-talent ass clown?
And he's getting better with each firmware revision!
The British male conquered three quarters of the damn planet using nothing more than hot tea.
Gender issues aside, slush boxes suck. Only America does the automatic...automatically.
&gt; If there are people really arguing that porting older games to newer systems is lazy, then it is an argument that I really don't understand. It makes zero sense. How much are they charging for it?
Honestly, Ice as the grizzled police detective, and John Mulaney...some random white dude who has to tag along for some reason. Fuck it, Mulaney is a permanently 14-year-old-looking motherfucker, call it a ridealong.
Law &amp; Order: Forensic Accounting. "Wait. Turner said he paid property taxes last year, but the amount paid does gel with rental income he's received second quarter." "And we cross-reference that with the money that going into Delaware Legit Holdings, inc..."
*Interior bar, 9AM Thursday - for some reason there's actually a guy working here at this time, polishing glasses, because TV writers haven't been to a bar since, oh, 1893* DETECTIVE: "You workin' here last Friday?" BARDUDE: "Yeah. Why?" DETECTIVE slides across grainy CCTV still. DETECTIVE: "Do you remember this woman?" BARDUDE: "On Friday? The busiest night of the week for us? When we got two, three hundred other chicks and dudes in business suits through here who all look the same and act the same and order the same and I get maybe thirty seconds with each of them to get their drinks and their money and that's it? When it's dark and we got music screaming and the ice machine's broke and someone's thrown up their lunchtime sushi on the dancefloor?" DETECTIVE: "Do you remember her or not?" BARDUDE: "Oh, yeah. That's Linda Mariani, 29, works at Berg Steinman, data entry. Came in with chipped nail on her left middle finger, slight limp, a general nervous disposition that would indicate an unease at either her immediate surrounding or something she had immediately left behind." DETECTIVE: "Yeah? And what made you remember all this?" BARDUDE: "Plot convenience."
I mean, that doesn't really help you. It's not the in-game product placement or anything. It's just that Jeeps are crap. Really. An American car built by Italians? No thank you.
Sir, Detective Gamble and the officer who shot Derek Jeter are here to see you.
It's like watching the smouldering wreckage of your house and saying "Oh, great, I had a brand new loaf of bread on the counter."
Can we keep the topics to just "games" and not "gaming culture"? I really don't care about whatever latest drama is happening outside of the actual gameplay, game design, or mechanics. Anything to do with the people who play games, basically.
Seriously, we need this sort of "petty online gaming/culture drama" post banned. We've been getting a lot of this shit lately. Stick to gameplay and mechanics.
Remember the last time they hired a non-white...? They glass cliffed her.
One of the reasons I'm on this sub is because it's not choked with YouTube essays/rants.
It's Mickey Mouse, mate. Spurious.
"HEEEEEE'S A WRECKIN' MACHINE!"
Well, for starters, you need another German to do it.
Tulip!
Holy shit, one other guy on the planet who shares my exact opinion about ME 1 &amp; 2. I liked the Mako, because it gave a massive sense of scale to the planets, and opportunities for exploration and discovery. They replaced it with a mini "game" where you just hold down a mouse button, then tap the other one occasionally. And the inventory was a pain to scroll through in the first one...so they "fixed" that by removing it all together and removing the need to change gear by making all the gear feel the same. I think you couldn't even change weapons outside the Normandy, but if you picked a new one mid-mission it automatically replaced the one you came in with. Really poor, lazy design.
"Why couldn't those people making movies 50 years ago appeal to my modern sensibilities?"
So, you've never seen Blues Brothers. The musical in which they gave Ray Charles a gun.
You seem like someone who insists that a Big Mac is the same as a home cooked meal or eating at the Fat Duck.
"When you die, can I give that to me daughter?"
True, Gordon Lish did have influence on Carver's work. What everyone else here is arguing that the guy who sweep the print room floor deserves as much credit as Carver. Nerds always like to discredit the author and artist because those are people they long to be yet never will be. The best they can hope for is to reduce the role of the creatives down as much as possible in the hope that it raises the profile of those tangentially involved. &gt;but things aren’t as clear cut in videogames. Which isn't an argument for changing the definition of art, but simply an argument showing that most videogames failure to meet the criteria of art.
Exactly: was Dee Selby exercising any of his creativity, or was he just following the orders and doing what Lucas wanted (the poor bastard)? I highly suspect it was the latter. And, of course, what sort of creative input is the guy whose job it is to convert a bunch of WAVs to OGGs (or whatever) going have, anyway? That's not to say his job isn't important, but creative? Hardly. It's always amusing and frustrating in equal parts to watch nerds to try to discuss art - you'll note that not *one* of the people disagreeing with you or me here have addressed the ideas of creativity, authorial intent, or self-expression. I've said it before, I'll say it again: approaching art or any creative endeavour with the STEM mindset means you've already failed as an artist. Everyone else here is arguing "Oh, yeah, but if the coder didn't write new code so that the designer could do that thing in the game then we wouldn't have the game" - like your Selby example - because that's how it works in their lines of work and interest. It's only the tangible end product that matters, not intent or expression. I'm sure that guy who coded the tool is a very good tool coder, and they should be acknowledged and rewarded for it - that is, for tool-coding, not ludology.
Ugh, multiclassing in BG: Expectation: "Cool, I'm gonna be a thief who can fend off six guys with a sword!" Reality: "I now suck at everything."
Oh, they were sold all over the world. They pre-date Zippo by nearly two decades. Imco was started in 1918.
[RIGHT, SUNSHINE, YOU'RE NICKED.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m68KkR_WtY) Americans need to be introduced the 7/4 time signature madness that is "Overkill", The Bill's theme song.
You look like you're about to seduce and try to kill JR in that thing.
I don't know if Zhukov really ever did snot Vasily like in the move, but by god that was hilarious.
#**"MEDIC!!!!!"**
The best bit is when he's ranting about the conspiracy of hairy Americans scooping out his father's brains, and the conspirators "sucking on the cocks and balls" of New York Zionists, [with Zhou Enlai's translator translating it with hand gestures.](https://youtu.be/VQjZAY9AaMY?t=4)
"MAYBE YOU CAN DOWNLOAD *RICE*."
[Obligatory](https://i.redd.it/d6myo5b9dsm21.jpg)
As an aside, from what I know about life in the USSR, you guys developed some *really* good jokes about dealing with the system, so I think its definitely in the spirit of the Russian people: "Comrade Judge, why are you laughing?" "I just heard the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life!" "Really? What is it? Tell me!" "I can't! I just gave the guy who told me 10 years for it!"
Sadly, that was over 20 years ago. There's a disturbing trend I've noticed in game where "If a character or text in a game doesn't explicitly say something, then it's not part of the story", and gamers seem to have become addicted to having everything spoonfed to them. And this kind of very prescriptive dictation - where you don't let the reader of the text (in this case, the player of the game) use their own imagination to extrapolate or figure something out on their own - actually lowers engagement, and also cuts off many other ways to deliver narrative much more organically.
A man walks into the NKVD office. "Comrade, I would like to report my missing parrot." "What? This isn't something we deal with here. Go to the police." "I already have filed a report with the police. I just came here to state that the parrot is a filthy liar and I categorically denounce anything he says."
Three men are languishing in prison. "What are you in for?" the first asks the second. "I spoke out against Nikolai Yezhov. What about you?" "I spoke out in favour of Nikolai Yezhov. Hey you, in the corner, what are you in for?" "I am Nikolai Yezhov," says the third.
Two Ukrainian shepherds are tending their flocks on separate hills a few days after Gagarin's first flight. "Hey, Pavlo, did you hear? Moskali have flown to the moon!" one shouts across to the other. "What, all of them?" "No. Just one." "Then why the fuck are you bothering me?"
*Looks at Castro* Yeah, this checks out. The did manage to turf Gough, but.
The police knock on Rabinovich's apartment door. "Does Comrade Rabinovich live here?" "No," says Rabinovich. "Then who are are you?" "I am Rabinovich." "I thought you said Rabinovich doesn't live hear?!" "You call this living?"
But that would mean they'd have to raise ALL the 25's prices to "Special Limited Edition" prices...ooooooooooooooooooooooh.
Man, the early drafts of The Incredibles script are weird.
Home of the least-used International Airport in the world, no?
They gave Ray Charles a gun. They. Gave. Ray. Charles. A. Gun.
They went through five 14-year-old extras before they finally decided to use blanks.
"...Adam's wish to see complete penetration...comes to naught." Damn. Dude worked in the wrong film industry.
I fucking love Paul Whitehouse's line when Zhukov marches Beria out after having punched him and taken his knife and belt, handing the belt to Whitehouse as Mikoyan and as they're all leaving the room Whitehouse just uselessly deadpans the piece of fashion advice "Yeah, the suit doesn't really work without the belt". After all that tension and bile from Beria, that line was fucking brilliant. Masterfully timed, masterfully delivered.
You darned right, melon farmer.
They also have the least bullshit-looking UIs of any show or movie, save for strict real-world dramas.
There's never a wrong time for an Epstein joke!
Yeah, you think it's bad that Miss $20 Million Per Movie sets unrealistic goals because she binges, purges, nips, tucks, and has the DNA of last generation's leading man as her dad and the world champion Latvia figure skater as her mum when she can be seen by *millions* gets railed six ways to Sunday and not showing a single errant crease in her skin.
I maintain that most tech companies aren't really technology companies and merely loophole companies. In this regard, Amazon has found the loophole that allows them to profit (easiest, quicket, lowest-cost inventory management), but still have you deal with any and all complaints. Same goes with the food delivery companies - when your meal arrives 50 minutes late because the driver decided to stop off for a smoke and a blowjob, everyone blames the restaurant, who still had to pay for the privilege of the "delivery".
YOU'RE a testicle! You're made mostly of *hair*!
As long as they get the foley right every time someone pops a nip out or hangs wang: *sproi-yoi-yoi-yoing*
I want to hear creaking like the timbers of an old wooden ship when that fat gets cracked.
Dude, you have GOT to stop screwing strippers.
Tennis set!
So, anyway, my old man worked with a bloke who had 11 near death experiences. I'm not joking. Not like "Oooh, I slipped and nearly fell, could've sorta maybe almost broken my neck, maybe" - like legitimate "Er, you were clinically dead for a minute and a half and we were lucky to start your heart again in the ambulance", "Lucky you got spat out of the car before the floodwaters carried it into those rocks fifteen metres from where you washed up" near-death experiences. Trapped in an underwater cave, some problem with a tumour on the base of his brain that they had to peel his brain back to access. Car crashes, falls at work... That sort of thing. Anyway, one day, he's finally about to settle down - never married, because I guess it's hard to date when you're in hospital nine months of the year - and he's out with his girlfriend, going steady, nice relationship. Bam. Drops dead in a parking lot. Aneurysm. Dad used to split a lotto ticket with him every week, because, fuck it, he figured the poor bastard's luck had to be going *somwhere.*
Or Cyberpunk, if you will. Plus, it gave good ol' Fatboy Slim [a wicked sample](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ub747pprmJ8).
Oscillate the lunar-induced movement of the seas.
Only in America.
Jesus. You're accusing an Australian of being British and using an Irish band to try to disprove his point. That's peak 'Murrican.
Oh, I knew you guys refer to the pre-civil era as the antebellum. I was just pointing out how fucking stupid it is you refer to only that period as such. Oh, yeah. Stupid and arrogant. Because it's not like the hasn't had any other wars before or since.
Which begs the question did they only *just this week* find out their name, in their context, was racist as fuck?
617 Squadron, RAF - the famous Dambusters - were on a mission in Russia during the second world war and were at an airbase. One of the Russian set down an eight ounce glass of clear liquid in front of one of the Lancaster crewman, who, being very thirsty for a glass of water after a long flight, grabbed it and downed it in one. Wasn't water.
Fuck Sydney. The only good thing about climate change is that it will hopefully drown all the harbourside cunts.
The "both sides the same" pricks are just the pricks who profit more from *not* having good government.
Whenever any America says "No one ever uses it like that" they mean "The rest of the world uses like that, but America doesn't." I'm surprised no one's pulled the "Yes, but reddit is a MURRICAN site, so speak MURRICAN, dammit."
^^...referring ^^to ^^your ^^username...
When you fuck up a sound mixing assignment, they cut off your ponytail and hang it outside as a warning to the other soundie students.
Knowing Russian democracy, they probably think that 70% *is* a realistic number.
OK: Many of your fellow Americans have pointed out how the term "antebellum" has always had racist connotations, according to Americans. Especially those in, oh, say, Nashville, Tennessee. Yet this band - from Nashville, Tennessee - chose this name themselves. So, there's really only three options. 1) You're defending people who willingly and knowingly chose a racist a name - you're sticking up for racism. 2) You're defending idiots so stupid that despite it being "common knowledge" that the term "antebellum" is racist, especially to those around, oh, say, Nashville, Tennessee, they themselves were ignorant of the fact. 3) You're defending racists who are also idiots. Explains so much about America, really.
But according to every single 'Murrican who's replied to my top-level reply, "everyone in America" always knew it was racist. So, ergo, they obviously knew it was a racist name.
Doubling down...interesting strategy.
"If it's free, then you're the product." Don't know who said that first.
"Nobody refuses Dave Grohl!" \- Watch, or Ward
Stick a fork in her.
Also, Sir Howard Florey and Sir Ernst Chain.
He bought a radio station in New York with it.
"Hey, do all these textures need to be 24-bit TIFF-" "YES THEY DO."
"Also, Congressman, would you like my to renew your order for anal lube, and place an order for the new Backdoor Magic Prostate Probe 2? Unlike the old the old Probe you bought last year, this one has deeper ridges and strong vibrational mot-" "NO FURTHER QUESTIONS MR BEZOS THANK YOU."
You've almost got a Kelly, then!
["A rich, full-bodied wine, sensibly priced at a dollar a jug..."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6i7ycxiog40)
"COLOROZATION THEATER PRESENTS *TWO FOR TUNISIA*!"
Victorians. If anyone wonders why that state is so left politically, it's because they're physically incapable of turning right.
Why am I shadowbanned?
Bullshit. He was a tourism operator. That was the extent of his relationship with animals - can I make a buck from this?
Yours adds even less. It's a thought-terminating cliche. For one, there are more people driving cars to work everyday than going to harass stingrays - so, yeah, of course there's a higher chance. And most people know to wear their seatbelts and not drive like idiots when driving to work. Finally, if the odds are so low as you say, you'd have to be pretty fucking stupid to actually get killed by one, no?
North Africa. The guys who were defending the Kokoda Track and New Guinea weren't Army, they were Militia. Militia couldn't operate outside of Australian territory.
There's a mod for FO4 that displays the actual lines your character will say line FO3 and NV, not the abridged lines the unmodded game does. Then you can see Bethesda only wrote and recorded one one-size-fits-all line, and thus a linear story. You'll get an NPC who'll ask, say: "Can you please get me this thing from there?" And you'll have the following options on the vanilla game: * Sure * I don't know about this * What do you need this thing for? Install the mod, and you'll realise they're all the same reply: * OK, but that seems dangerous. What do you need it for? * OK, but that seems dangerous. What do you need it for? * OK, but that seems dangerous. What do you need it for?
They were clearly trying to buy Obsidian on the cheap. Fuck Bethesda for their deadline bullshit.
Fellow New Englander. I caught Beetroot's latest rant on Facebook. Wish I hadn't.
Simeon Weisz, the rival arms dealer from *Lord Of War.*
Wwise has rolled Windows Sonic into their system, and the implementation is pretty good...if the devs use it, of course. It's actually passing 3D buffer data onto Sonic, rather than just the usual Dolby-style "virtual home theatre" crap, which I can't stand. You get some decent close-in positioning, and height! Borderlands 3 had it, and I actually preferred it to SBX. (God, I hate Dolby.)
That's exactly how I played it. I thought the combat was kludgy and unsatisfying, and didn't want it to ruin my game. But I loved the exploration puzzles, so I turned the combat difficulty way down, and the puzzle difficulty way up.
&gt; Creative Labs (the soundblaster folks) destroyed that company and 3D positional audio hasn't been the same since. Those two things are unrelated. Microsoft, Dolby, and Sony killed 3DPA, not Creative. In fact, Creative was the only maker still doing it long after everyone else had just gone the Dolby route.
Which is actually smart on Sony's part - because Bluetooth is probably one of the worst things to transmit hi-fi audio on. I'm amazed they're able to do what they can with it, but really: it started out as a replace for *serial cables.* So the bandwidth ain't exactly great - nor is the latency. That's what it takes like half a second to have your music stop playing when you hit "pause" on your BT headphones.
&gt; But you're right, most people see dolby and want the name because it's the standard. Aye. Dolby's done more to kill 3D sound output than *anyone* - you're right, they're a company that is mostly marketing. There's a ton of limitations to a Dolby Home Theatre setup. Their business model is to get you to buy a few more speakers each year. Hell, they only went object-oriented (something game audio engines and sound cards have been doing...forever) in 2012. They only acknowledged "Oh yeah, I guess sometimes sounds come from above or below the listener" with Dolby Atmos. And even then it's a kludge. Dolby Surround was never, ever intended to give accurate positioning. It was designed to provide ambience, and the speaker set up along bears this out. What they *don't* want you to know is that you can actually get better, more realistic and accurate 3DPA from a pair of headphones, which is infinitely cheaper than a Dolby setup. I have a massive rant about this...
Ah, Victoria: half ultra-woke hipster, half goose-stepping white supremacist.
Exactly: white rich people hunt down mixed-race couple to either kill or deport them.
Gonna be a lotttttttttta unregistered cars down here soon...
Nope, you'd be correct. BF2 used Openal with EAX 5.0. That means for 128 3D voices with four effects applied to each *being done simultaneously*. That's a helluva lot of processing power required, and CPUs, as you know, aren't the best for processing a lot of little things at once. The card that was built to do that was the X-Fi series, and they had a 400Mhz custom-designed processor onboard, with 128MB of RAM, just to handle all that. That's where we should be today. Hell, we should be beyond that. Skip forward a few years, and most games were being made with only 32 3D voices playable at once, with far fewer effects applied - Mirror's Edge, Bioshock, Borderlands. Mirror's Edge was even by the same studio, and still using OpenAL. No one's cracked the 128 voices of the old OpenAL days - not properly, anyway. We went backwards. We really went backwards.
Only if you're talking about some fixed standard of audio.
Right now, we should be having: * Several hundred **fully 3D** voices available at any one time. * Some form of wavetracing/convolution reverb, adjustable on the fly (ie, not pre-baked). * Speakers-agnostic 3DPA - ie, 3D sound output that conforms to whatever speaker system you have, not forcing you to have a sound system that conforms to what the sound engine wants to put out. * Options in the damn game settings to tweak and control all this. All this is possible today. The only thing missing is the will to do it.
&gt;Microsoft's Project Acoustics I saw the blurb around that; it was more an ad for their cloud computing services than audio - they just really intensely wave-traced a 3D environmental by pointing Azure at it for something like 48 hours...and ended up with an EAX filter. Granted, it was probably a really nice and accurate EAX filter, but an EAX filter nonetheless. I do feel they've gone in the right direction with rolling in Windows Sonic into Wwise *properly* - ie, not just virtualising 5.1 outputs, but legitimately putting out 3D sound. I'm all for them separating out their spatialisation tech from Xaudio, and promoting it separately.
The traditional [Hunter's Hatchet is this pattern](https://www.reddit.com/r/Axecraft/comments/7myann/brades_criterion_378_no_2_hunters_hatchet_15aud/) - at least in UK. What you might be better off with is a cleaver or parang.
It'd still be a shithole, just a slightly nicer-looking shithole.
&gt; chickachickachickachick [Boom?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBBsb0z9RJk)
Cashed-up bogan is still bogan, Sandgroper.
Canberra exists for one reason only: to get the cunts in Sydney and Melbourne to shut the fuck up. It didn't work.
&gt;Regarding the PS5 technology, do you think specific hardware for it is a good thing? Couldn’t this stuff just be calculated by CPU with today’s processing power? Silicon made for a specific task will always be more efficient at that task than a general-purpose processor. You could make the same argument for graphics, but no one does - remember, before Quake III, graphics cards were the exception, not the rule. And, as evidenced by the last twenty years of audio development, if devs have to pick between audio and using the CPU runtime for...pretty much anything else...they'll never pick audio. By having that hardware there, they may as well use it.
^ This is why no one likes the theatre kids.
DON'T YOU "DON'T YOU RILE ME", SUGAR!
It's like that old cliche in movies: After mowing down five thousand faceless grunts, when the hero has the villain at the loud end of his gun he states "No! If I kill you, I'm no better than you!"
I just wish they'd stop putting nerd herpes on everything. And charging a fucking premium for it.
"Has a movie ever been so bad it made you want to seize the means of production?"
The got the name off of Margaret Young's sewing machine. Not a joke.
Search for a French [Rhodia Webbie](https://rhodiapads.com/collections_boutique_webnotebook.php) instead. They're about the same price, and much higher quality. Same hardcover journals, but with far, far, FAR superior paper. They don't bleed or feather with fountains or felts like Moleskine does. The books are made in France, from paper in their own mills there, unlike Moleskine, who make theirs in China with cheap paper.
Absolutely nothing, to be frank. The paper is *awful*. They're cheap notebooks made in China and sold to trade on fashion. You can't use fountains or felts on them at all. Despite what they claim that they're "the notebook of Hemingway and Gauguin" - that's pure bullshit. They're *based* on the notebooks that were sold in Paris in the 30s, but the company was founded in 1997. You can pick up a much nicer Rhodia Webbie for the same price (and in even more shapes!) for the same price, which uses French-made smooth, non-bleeding paper from Clairefontaine's own mills in France. Clairefontaine and Rhodia are my go-tos.
Next time you stock up, try Clairefontaine or Rhodia notebooks instead. Much better paper, much more variety.
One of the reasons I hate the Early Access culture is that it's fostering the idea of games as a service, and allowing developers and publishers to get away with lazy, terrible practices. Why bother making a good game in the first place, when you can just sit back and let people pay you to do their QA and, worse, creative work for you? We're now meant to expect that games aren't gonna be right when they're launched, but we're still expected to pay full price for them as soon as their launched.
Jefferson Twilight: "I'm a blackula hunter. I hunt blackulas. Do you even know what that means?" Byron Orpheus: "You...only hunt African-American vampires?" Jefferson Twilight: "No, I also hunt British vampires!"
They're a fashion brand. They were cooked up by a marketing guy in 1997, but trade off an appropriated heritage - they used to spruik that they were "the notebook of Hemingway and Chatwin", which is obviously impossible. They were based on *written description* Chatwin and others wrote about the notebooks they used. I'm a big fan of Rhodia and Clairefontaine. Really, really good paper, and it's not made in China. It's made in France, in their own mills, and perfectly fountain pen friendly. No bleed, no feather. My Moleskines I had would bleed right through two or three pages with a fountain pen. (Moleskine also says that China is famous for its paper - and its true, they invented it! - but like hell are they getting the good Chinese paper - no joke, they would be better getting it from a printer paper factory.) And unlike Moleskine, if you like the provenance, Rhodia and Clairefontaine **were** making notebooks in Hemingway's and Chatwin's days. [Rhodia's Webbie](https://rhodiapads.com/collections_boutique_webnotebook.php) are hardcover, black notebooks...but with decent paper in them. Plus, since they're a paper company, they've got a whole range of different notebooks and even loose-leaf.
Ah, the IT guy at my old job...
I think a lot of game reviewers try to review games the same way they review graphics cards, and it never works out - applying scientific or engineering principles to art never works out. &gt;The simplification into scores is what makes people not read reviews and then assume it must be so good it's for everybody based on that minimum of information. Aye. Especially percentage scores, and even marks out of ten - it's a common critique, anyway, that few games get below a 7/10 or 70% rating anyway, so what the hell's the point of the whole scale? And how do you arrive at those numbers? I remember one magazine gave Starcraft 97%, and Deus Ex 98% - so how is Deus Ex one percent better than Starcraft?
&gt;Aiden Pearce is a fucking asshole by the start of the game, and continues to be an asshole until the end. Why, yes, this *is* a ubisoft game.
I wouldn't use it. Tung oil is my preferred oil, though it's a little pricey and hard to find (pure tung oil, that it, or at least one that's only mixed with turpentine - not the "tung oil finishes" that are about 10% actual tung and the rest varnish). PaBLO's a good choice, too.
Grand Budapest Hotel is my jam. "THAT FUCKING FAGGOT?!!?" "Now how's that supposed to make me feel?"
"YOU FILTHY, GODDAMN, POCK-MARKED FASCIST *ASSHOLES! GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY LOBBY BOY!!!*"
And everyone of Harry's razzem-frazzems in crisp 24-bit audio.
THAT IS BECAUSE THAT IS DECADENT WESTERN CAPITALIST PIG-DOG MUD, NOT THE GLORIOUS *RASPUTITSA* MUD OF THE MOTHERLAND, MAY IT EVER ENSNARE THE ENEMIES OF THE REVOLUTION. *SOYUZ NERUSHIMY RESPUBLIK SVOBODNYKH...*
That'd be your sugar bowl. Or cocaine bowl, if you're feelin' all Henry Hill.
That's just the base.
So help me, if you chalk paint this...
Shut up, and go and change your armour.
Yeah. Granted, we had those NAB machines with spring-loaded slot, which isn't a problem with plastic cards, because they have chips in them, which is a different slot. Titanium ones don't. Of course, thing is with a Black Amex...they still give you a perfectly good plastic card to go with it. Except no one uses it, because no matter how tight the bastard wielding it is, they still like "PING!" it makes dropping metal on the counter.
Sorry for the belligerent stance with my top level post, but one never can be too sure.
Seven words: Australian emergency room doctor in the seventies.
"Lily Was Here!"
It's not just in there so they could make the "He croaked" joke?
Judging from his accent in that film, he's a South African whose mother drank while he was in the womb.
Me, as the player: "I really don't give a shit."
Bethesda, pretty much, know only how to make one TES, and that they just reskinned it for Fallout - everything, even the linear narrative. You can see Bethesda shifted from an old-school game company to a new-school one.
Oh, yeah, wouldn't surprise me. I remember hype around FO3, and the massive ego boost it must have given him to be the saviour of Fallout. The New Vegas comes out, two years later, after Bethesda deliberately sabotaged the development, and it's *still* earns more praise, accolades, and good will. Standard Bethesda tactic is to get a developer to develop a game for them, claim they missed some miscellaneous goal that was part of their development contract and then refuse to pay them... ...and then when the studio's desperate because they've put all their money into devving this game, Bethesda *kindly* offers to buy them...to get them out of the situation Bethesda put them in. They did that with Human Head Studios, makers of the original Prey. Prey 2 was nearly at alpha, when Bethesda arbitrarily (and mysteriously) cancelled it. No detailed reasons have been given, other than that Beth "wasn't really happy" with where the game was, but other insiders have said that the reasons were purely political. (Seriously, go punch "Prey 2" in Youtube and see on what an awesome game we were denied.) What happened to Human Head Studios? [Well, take a look and see](https://www.videogameschronicle.com/news/new-bethesda-studio-formed-as-human-head-studios-closes/). Same thing probably happened with Arkane (Arkane devs Dishonored for a bit, then, suddenly, after a few months, they're bought out by Bethesda). It's like the ol' AV-install scam. I reckon they tried to pull that shit with Obsidian, but they desperate wanted to stay independent. One, that would explain the bugginess of FNV, which was buggy even by Obsidian standards, and had so much content cut - Bethesda would've given them the ultimatum after the 18 short months they had to develop it and said "Welp, Obsidian, if you want to release the game you want, you'll need more time than we're willing to give a mere *contractor*..." and Obsidian just said screw it and released it anyway - and it was *still* better than anything Beth did. And that 85% Metacritic score was just pure pettiness. While it was written into the contract at the start, I'm sure Beth made another offer afterwards, because envy's a bitch, ain't it, Todd?
I seriously want to do a show like that about small-town councils.
[Call Shedworld!](https://youtu.be/2-lVbeI6jyk)
No, the majority of the characters in that show were lovable and redeemable. The pilot will open with our main character being hired, sitting across from the HR drone and the manager they're hired to work under. Cut to the MC's first day, when their manager comes along, with a women in civvies in tow, and introduces them as their *actual* manager who's taking over the role, because turns out the person who's hiring them is leaving next Friday, and just forgot to mention that.
Mate, check with your doctor. Maybe you're sleep-foam-buying.
\*wakes up surrounded by neoprene* "Ah, shit. Not again. Fucking Ambien."
Well, [not quite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CevxDLzJBtY)... Araucaria bidwilli, aka the Bunya Pine, in Australia, regularly ballistically panel beat the cars of idiots who park underneath them.
When all you have is a hammer... That's the problem with Silicon Valley types: You've got people in charge who understand technology better than they do people. So every problem's solution is just one new algorithm, one new piece of tech away.
