*White* women are on average, WoC are paid a variety of less depending on their ethnicity and skin tone.
I guarantee you women and men’s razors work 100% the same. The handle might do fancy things but one is not about to cut the “wrong” gender or become the next item trans people looking to cheaply transition flock to.
It’s because corporations think they will. And some will because A) they’ve been fed the misinformation above poster has been, B) they’re afraid of being publicly shamed for buying a different product, and/or C) they’re trans and don’t want to be outed/it’s an affirming action for them. I’ve used both razors without issue. My fiancée has. My ex-BiL has. I used DSC until I stopped shaving a year ago and they don’t sell gendered razors because they know that it all works the same.
Isn’t *The Bachelor* more based on sexual attraction?
Same but I’ve seen clips. I’s all for show and while I’m sure personality factors in some, it’s mostly based on sexual attraction. Now Imma look up Bachelor divorce rates.
I could see that! Idk because I don’t fully grasp what demi romantic is, but it always seemed to me to be a lot of sexual attraction. Though apparently they don’t get married or even proposed to that often! [Here](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/the-data-behind-the-bachelor-the-bachelorette_b_6744288) is an article about it.
It’s because this used to be a porn sub but it’s slowly drifting away and I’m A-OK with this.
Hmmm... thank you for explaining!
I’d guess this is Protestant, but they also have their own issues.
I’m sure there are some women who are paid the same, but this is largely untrue. People use the excuses listed here: that women don’t apply for higher paying jobs, that it’s based on less experience, etc. [Here](https://iwpr.org/publications/gender-wage-gap-2017-race-ethnicity/) is a study that also looks into how the disparity is worse the darker you are.
&gt;This sub’s rules: vulva =/= vagina, don’t say they’re interchangeable &gt;This sub’s participants: vagina is a colloquiums for vulva &gt;Also this sub’s participants: lol they called the vulva the vagina The screenshotted person obviously was calling the vulva the vagina. I don’t think they should, but that was obvious.
Y I K E S
But pee is stored in the balls?
How is it not medical? It’s to show the horror of vulvar mutilation from a medical perspective and the medical harm it causes.
For a demiace yes but not for zeddemis xD
Got the blue flower thermos for $19.95.
$16.95 I believe
Mark yourself as male.
Dummy thicc
Sorry I was hoping humor would help :(
Mood
Hope Monster sues their ass.
For many Americans: Well my parents already started so I might as well keep going.
New term
I didn’t know it existed, I just cross-posted.
Just discovered the sub. It’s not quite a pentagram! It’s my watermark so others won’t steal the work. You see my website is underneath.
Lmao u rite
Thanks!
Well fuck me, u rite. I’ll have to go update it, thanks!
But no one can tell what it means D: join us in *Y1FF !
Some feel they should be considered the same because acting like they’re different undermines gender... which I don’t agree with at all.
r/catsail
Her titties made my titties hurt tho
Fun fact: most oranges are male! It’s sex-linked.
But there was basically no difference.
It would have been easier to do if they’d just suck with the updated colors/actual art colors.
And if you see it with black and brown, it’s for the explicit inclusion of PoC because there is still racism in the queer community (to the point that people will so “no 🍚 no 🌮” in their fuckin Grindr profiles).
It would have cost you $0 to not say that, but you did.
That’s actually the light rainbow! Art and light have different primary colors, and while black is all colors in art, white is all colors in light. Colors be wild!
Ah, good things
That’s why I prefer to type in my own number and asked people to type it in themselves when I worked at a place that asked.
Ours is in October for that reason haha
I like it!
All the ones I saw looked centered to me, I meant more how it’s vertically stretched.
I’ve actually met someone with a penis that was engolfed by their mons- if he didn’t fish it out before he got fully erect it would pull on the scrotum and mons skin.
And present, racism is still in your parks, calling the police on legal BBQ’s.
The heroin one.
I just packed away basically all my dresses and skirts because I haven’t worn them in so long and I just :(
RIGHT THEY’RE SO COMFY
There’s flat compasses now!
I had that! I gave it to someone who ditched me over homophobia and now I regret it :(
To them unless you’re sex-repulsed you’re some version of zedsexual.
Whenever I bring up intersex people I always say their struggle is different from trans people’s struggle in that they have a lot of medical violence against them, and that’s why I only use AGAB for intersex people and DGAB for not-intersex (sorry, don’t know the word for this) trans people to respect the medical violence we’ve never had used against us. I also link to intersex activists online, and stress that the issue is the way intersex people are treated, not that people are intersex is and. Is there any other way I should be going about discussing intersex issues and how they relate to trans issues?
Already there!!
You can do that?
That it’s a trial to overcome or a punishment on the parents :I
It’s for babies, they’re too young to take in gendering.
But there’s no need, female babies don’t have different water needs from male ones.
I read “for”, not “from”, so only somewhat woooosh?
I personally do a normal S but the bottom continues into the next letter. I also see ones that look like lower case, but the top loop is more tall and wide so it’s distinct.
r/unexpectedmulaney
BWA may have decreed that but around here this is fine.
There are trans men who like getting prettied up (but usually don’t due to reactions like yours).
Been there, person pulled into the left turn lane as I pulled into the intersection. A cop was right there and the other person tried to drive off when I was at fault - probably what saved me a ticket.
That’s *furries*, though there is a lot of overlap.
&gt;set ??????? XD
Those fake tiles look god awful, why? Also WTF did you stick the entrance carpet to the tiles with????
You might have a perforate vagina corona.... /s
Gorgeous 😍
I’d say not as on a practical level because the foreskin has many functions, is very sensitive, and is very hard to numb, but on an ethical level yes.
Not practically, no. But I know if I had a tail I’d want to keep it.
The dark sonic skin?
Might want to see the doc about that
Came here to say this. No one shall guess my DGAB MWAHAHAHAHA
P sure it’s a DIY sex toy.
Why no 3
Oh absolutely! I’m wording it badly but it came off that he didn’t spend much time with girls and thought more of them.
Now I wanna design like a circle with the 4 clans swirling and then one with the 5 and both with Starclan in the middle
Which is why that one titan in Attack on Titan constantly has steam coming off them!
[*furries with no sexual desire glance at each other nervously*]
*dial-up noises*
It’s been a hot minute since I watched it.
Kirby is actually legit, my family owns one. They got it when I was like... 12 (so 12 years ago) and of still runs.
My titties hurt looking at this.
Also not everyone processes sounds the same and honestly I’ll say something in my brain and a different word comes out.
Fuckin M00D
Now it is.
Ask the person who said there was, I don’t remember them xD
MORE SENSE
Fuck those are good now I want one.
Great for a sex therapist’s office.
You’re getting downvoted for using “gay” as negative.
Yeah my blog to educate people about saggy boob physics got flagged :/
I don’t kinkshame when they’re all technically consenting adults. And as long as they’re not causing harm (they act their physical age when they’re with non-big/littles), what does it matter?
This is all Ebonics, no gymnastics needed.
Oh I agree, this is WAY more pedoy than what they do.
I mean a vet actually told me that.
I always gently lift the cup by the lid before handing it off because that’s likely to detect if the lid isn’t on properly.
Got this for my Dad for Father’s Day, thanks for the tip.
Lowe’s will do it for free.
Unless it’s a cis and trans man or a trans and cis woman. Some chose to retain their fertility through a variety of methods.
P sure most cats have 8.
Implantation bleeding doesn’t actually happen, r/amipregnant has loads of evidence that it’s bunk.
When *should* you go to emergency care?
How many genders are there
That’s weird that people think there are quick fixes to any urgent care stuff. I also think of things like blood in stool and lower back pain plus bladder pain to be UC cases because “If I wait the weekend it’ll get way worse but it’s not emergency room bad,” and they all take time to treat.
Sure, early bleeding is fine, it’s just not *because* of implantation. We are a lot of people on AIP freaking out over spotting because of misinformation, that’s why I am commenting. It’s not a source in and of itself, but the bot has a bunch of sources I’m too lazy to copypasta haha I mean, that is a help for tokophobia. It’s fine in combination with therapy. It’s wasteful, but if there a waste-free test I definitely would test every week (my IUD failed and we didn’t know until I started spontaneously aborting).
*vulva If you think it was obvious you are using colloquialism, unfortunately most people don’t know the term vulva.
HYPE BYE WEB MD
MOTORBOAT
I disagree, there are squeaks and there are tells and the mods refuse to engage in discussion on what is what to generate more cute cat content (which is... good? Bad?)
I see the logic, though - this is how you deal with public shooters, you tell them details about your life so you’re harder to kill.
Ugh I feel this, it’s me all the time at work 😭
Everything is outlined except one item, the unlined item will stand out.
Oh I agree it doesn’t always work, especially if the person is racist/otherwise prejudiced, but that’s where the idea comes from.
SO MANY REALISTIC SUITS AAAAAAH
!RemindMe 8 hours
The only time it’s happened was “share with your sister” *because she’s their sibling* not because you need equal people in each role. FFS.
That’s what the cold foam is for!
Doordash but if they don’t mobile order they DD person has to go through the line, really clunky system.
Have you gotten one? It looks like the quality may be sketch....
That’s a weird spot to have it NGL but no shame!
I keep wanting to wish people happy Juneteenth but I don’t want to assume someone celebrates it and I know most people won’t know it :(
That’s such a horrible and underutilizing way to play her.
I mean a square wheel also “works” with enough force but like
Is that a non-binary joke?
That’s a good reason :)
Same, happened after I went vegetarian.
Lmao what xD
That’s what I did, they’re the ones who taught me how to ride again haha. But thank you!
Never would have thought of that but it makes sense, thanks!
IS THAT A CHABBIT???
Sounds like some BS to me 😆
Gimme money and you got a deal.
What’s that below the rabbit?
Or she starts chasing her tail and I get distracted
I mean I don’t have to understand it to respect it.
This is at least $15. This is beyond a sketch IMO.
It’s behind bed leg, you can see the bottom behind her foot a little.
Damn I’m sorry:(
Have you looked into trans-supportive jobs?
I’m sorry :( Starbucks has been great to me but I know that’s well below your pay grade. Maybe Reserve isn’t, though?
I think you’d do great at one :)
I thought OP was implying they have a large dick
Would you be okay with this being used against your sexuality and/or gender?
Unless someone exerts power over you.
I am, but they said to stay on the road or the sidewalks :/
Thanks!
More like she likes pleasing her zedsexual bf. If he initiates she’ll go along but he does most of the work. She enjoys it but is very “meh” about it. Usually thinks about her major while it’s all going on haha.
... babies are literally too young to comprehend gender?
My sibling literally just asked if I could do this.
The representative for Papua New Guinea wearing traditional garb.
He’s wearing traditional garb for his ethnic group. I’m sure we look way over dressed to him.
Gotta protect the important things.
That’s what some big/littles are into. I’m definitely eeeeeeeh about it.
Shaker holes.
Technically they can. They *shouldn’t*, but the fine print says they can :(
OH LAWD HE COMIN
Thank you!
It me
Why my beloved gay why
It took me too long to get that joke.
They did!! 🙌
Wow!
My BC makes my sexual desire go down - not to disinterest, but I don’t initiate as often. I use that week to remember what it was like and to used to bleeding for when I go off them (at which point I’ll have my oviducts removed).
My queer coworker was brought CFA by her queer wife and I just ??????
I haven’t eaten there in years but I know it’s bomb ass in taste
Some people want to be known as trans for visibility - so others know they’re not alone.
Well people are upset that you don’t feel they need representation equal to others.
What is? Just doing and not publicizing?
Every one where you can only romance people of the opposite sex and/or only see heterosexual couples and/or your chosen body type also chooses your pronouns... so 99.999999999% of games. Also cisnormativity is a word in academia.
You mean genitals?
[Except they aren’t](https://www.wsj.com/articles/gaming-no-longer-a-mans-world-1408464249). And they do care - a chunk of cis men literally will not buy a game if the lead is a woman. And while those are great, they’re not most games. Which just furthers my point that video games underrepresent PoC.
I mean so long as you aren’t saying there *shouldn’t* be representation in games we’re fine.
Are you saying you don’t mind if they do?
Aaaaah you’re being downvoted because people think you’re saying no to trans people.
This is a GSRM space, people just trying to keep it safe.
Cat penises are actually way farther back than dogs’. In fact it’s hard to tell a fixed cat’s sex from a glance.
I mean it’s my own fault for subbing to sub for a game a few years old. It’s like subbing to r/freefolk and getting mad about spoilers.
I haven’t met her yet but I made the connection from the meme 😆
TY!
It means pink-eye.
My fiancée: “Their heads are so small... is it because they’re not aroused yet?”
I’m so confused, what’s happening?
I’m a child and CHANGING COLORS NEAT Beyond that it’s the gay cup and then the Siren art cup was pretty. The only hot thermos I have was my favorite color and free with my reward.
Excellent find
Those aren’t squirrel chitters?
I’m an auncle for sure, I’ll care for them for a few hours or maybe a few days and then yeet them back.
“HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW I’M LACTOSE INTOLERANT YOU’RE THE EXPERTS!”
*snuggle noodle
It’S a MoNsTeR
I think you mean “awrrawrawraw.”
I mean my dad got a vasectomy xD But I also appreciate your dad joke!
So what they’re drawing is a “line of action), which is like a “line of best fit”. It’s the *implied* motion, not necessarily it exactly.
🏳️‍🌈
At least professionals are helping (as opposed to unlicensed quacks).
IVF generally has a higher chance than that 😆
Understandable!
I hate how much it is rooted in ideas like, “I’m broken if I don’t,” or “I won’t serve a purpose.”
I just seek to better society as whole without continuing my genetics.
Newlywed?? Don’t they want a few years to themselves??
That’s the plan.
Oooooh that’s a good reason.
It’s certainly hard, but fertility treatments just seem so much harder to me. I hope you’re not including me in that, I’m not a woman 😅 I didn’t mean this as judgment, just amazement that someone has the money and emotional stamina for fertility treatments. I just can’t imagine wanting something that bad.
I didn’t mean to imply it was, I’m just aghast at the toil people must go through for it, if not multiple times. Thank you for your well-thought-our comment.
But they still had to have it inside them for so long.
Because you find them ugly. I don’t but I also find pugs ugly so.
Hard either way, dang.
Eh I’m sure many crowdfunding projects are legit, I saw one the other day for a kid with wiggy legs.
I didn’t mean to imply I judge them, I’m in awe of their money and emotional stamina.
True xD I don’t know where I’d stop if I could afford it for my fur babies. If we own our own place eventually we plan to put in cat walks through the rooms.
I have some tittie scars from picking out dark hairs, they kinda blend in with the ducts.
Lolwut
Very true, but if they end up needing it for reasons outside of their control it’s still important to give it to them. And if it’s within, outside forces have to make sure the kid is cared for.
I’m glad you appreciate it! It’s definitely been an interesting discussion.
Having children is one of those things that are taught so early that people don’t question it, they just see it as inevitable.
I’ll be like, “Oh this is an important sce-OH MY EMOTIONS.”
There goes like 75% of USA trans women.
All of the vagina is inner, what’s outside the vagina is the vulva :) (unless you’re prolapsing 😱)
Literally illegal
The eyelids bit? Since the inside of the foreskin is self-lubricating they prefer grafting from it to replace eyelids if they get torn or burned off.
I guess so.
Lmao I never wanted to play house.
Nope :I
So you don’t take more damage? I already play defensively - I played on top of the ramp for the whole first Rockbreaker fight.
Also worked at Panera and saw someone cook waaaaaay too many soufflés so they could take the rest home :(
Please say that but I still due with it on 😂😅
~~She~~ This cat sounds like static!
She’s allergic to kids and can’t eat them.
The scar can be lip-sided.
THANK YOU YES
Some hate having theirs touched but I like having it pounded ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
LMAO
Fuckin rip
Why so? I haven’t bothered keeping up until the numbers go down a bit.
Yikes :I
Same
That’s very true.
Thank you for your perspective!
Hahahaha yeeeeeaaaaah who would do that? [*glances at my Persona 5 sub*]
I just have a schedule because it’s easier to remember.
All y’all forgettin Billy can be a man or woman’s name.
Ugh I felt that glance in my soul.
Sure.
“We don’t care about the gender!” -10 years later- “What do you mean you’re [different gender]?? That’s not how we raised you!!”
KAH-reen
Glad it helped someone else!
Find out if I look like this Monday 🙃
Also the whole wanting food but being unable to have it thing. ETA: Yes, America :D
The elusive yell-squeak!!
Aaaaaand that’s why I have limited availability.
That actually doesn’t help, it just hurts. The best way to speak for a HoH or deaf person is to speak clearly and just very very slightly slower - don’t over annunciate, don’t space your words weird - and constantly face the person.
I did get that, but wanted to address the misconception for other readers :) I forgot to type “haha” tho 😅
That’s still too much, it makes you more likely to get cancer in that area.
It flew off so unless it’s a zombie....
Good
Oh, my bad. Still better than a nutritionist.
I’m glad he’s doing well! I hope she does, too :(
I think they meant in the sense that heterosexual men are less likely to fall under the pressures women do as opposed to homosexual men.
Now we just need standard sign language classes in every school in case a parent decides not to give their kid implants.
Don’t think this is the place to make a deaf joke. Not deaf/HoH so not my call but yeah.
As an artist I can assure you one does not - I see artist draw like their fetish art for non-fetish art.
Was about to be confused until I saw your username 😆
That’s *so* fucked up. They’ll cover glasses but not aids???... well I guess you have to have separate eye insurance, huh 🙄
Which break sometimes. My IUD failed.
Me when my parents take off their dog’s collar for the night and forget to put it back on.
I think you underestimate the amount of people under reproductive coercion or convinced they don’t have a choice of kids or not.
I’m telling you many people who can get pregnant - mostly women - are trapped in relationships where they are DENIED CONTRACEPTION or have been told by religion/society/their culture/whatever that THEY CANNOT USE IT. It’s fucked up and we need to attack the system, not the victims.
I’m including trans men, non-binary people, etc
He moves around in his sleep and his tags jingle, waking my parents up.
Some people do use PLANNING, so they do have BC knowledge.
I’m not familiar with them, what else do they do?
Oof
Rats are mine! They’re social and licky and the females flirt by RAPIDLY vibrating their ears!
The narrator does, but I feel like it was probably because the authors didn’t really care and just picked a pronoun. Gender is never an issue in the game, all of the fallen light beings are called he and she (separately, I don’t remember one being called both). There’s not even a strength disparity, the charge jumper is referred to as “she” (though we have no evidence of sexual dimorphism in the game, or evidence that sex = gender in the game, either).
I try to make sure they know so they are aware a caffeinated child is about to spice up their lives xD
“Come celebrate my fetus’s genitals with me and push stereotypes on her/him before s/he is even born!” I’d usually use they but let’s be real, there’s no purple decorations.
I cAn’T hAvE aN cOoKiE TuRnInG mY pReCiOuS CiShEt SoN qUeEr!!!1!1! (Copy-pasted with a slight modification, didn’t feel like adjusting the rest)
How did I get my dick to be 12 inches? I bent it in half.
This is why you don’t flush menstrual products.
Can you view that content outside of China?
It’s a cross-post?
“Undocumented” is the preferred term since humans are not illegal. It creates an association with drugs, and many people over were brought by family or running for their lives.
That went from sonic to racist real quick.
u/nwordcountbot
Target
I just cackled in a restaurant.
Not a hetero couple, but we made our own last name since we’re not having kids and his old name is easily potty humor when I’m going to teach.
While yes, if you find one there’s generally more, that’s a matter for an exterminator.
I think you mean wingmanning?
I’m being good and waiting 😭
Any chance you’re pregnant?
LOVE IT
SAME AAAAH
[*cackles in sterilization*]
That’s literally an ahegao face ~~or however you spell it~~. TY friendly pervert
Whats your body shape? This will help us recommend things.
Thanks!
Not everyone fits all kids of clothes. Some bodies have issues.
Not a woman but don’t have balls, can confirm it hurts like an MF to be kicked in the clit.
I’ve been actively trying to avoid saying “Americans” in reference to those from the USA, since many people beyond the USA are American. What do you suggest as a substitute? “U-S-Ayans” just sounds odd.
If you skip more than two months it’s worth a visit to the doc, usually your hormones are off, PCOS, etc.
Surprised you haven’t heard that’s a contentious word. Regardless people with autism or similar situations usually aren’t intellectually disabled, and should be assisted in enjoying jokes. The /s doesn’t hurt you so just ignore it.
That’s so loooooong
Didn’t know that! The Yankees and the Yeehaws!
I’m sorry you’ve had such trouble! Only thing I can recommend is that cup with the anal-bead-like stem (IDK how to describe it but it’s looooong and flexible).
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/sterilization/comments/cufmwt/my_bilateral_salpingectomy_experience/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) is mine
u/nwordcountbot
Fun fact, if a calco is “male” it’s actually intersex (XXY) because calico requires two X’s.
Thank you for subscribing to cat facts! 😸 Did you know cats not only purr when happy, but sometimes when distressed? It’s hypothesized that purring somehow facilitates bone repair! Who mew that? Reply “Mewor” for more cat facts!
Cat whiskers are the touch, temperature, and distance version of ears. Sure we have skin for those, but skin is mostly for protection. Whiskers are solely for sensory input. Rwow! Reply “Mewor” for more cat facts!
r/redditsings
Cats can get pregnant from multiple males at once. Seems inpawsible, but it’s not! Reply “Mewor” for more cat facts!
People mean very different things with the same phrase.
They’d have to change 2 for a larger pikmen capacity, way too many people permanently ragequit it.
How??
That’s a good idea
That’s what I noticed first, too!!!
Also penile circumcision can create skin bridges or lead to infection from an unnecessary procedure.
He also doesn’t have a mouth, really, mostly a nose.
The issue is it makes others kids think they can, too, unfortunately.
How do you find an asexual person at the beach?
r/oddlyspecific
TRUE 😱
I’m glad!
I misread that as “wedding” and was like, “What the fuck is a wedding helmet.”
You can use lube to help. I took one of those portable sanitizer bottles, washed it THOROUGHLY, and keep it in the cup’s bag to bring with me if needed (I can usually make it home without an issue).
It’s amazing how much color improved this.
I’m actually a guy, my voice is just very high :)
Hydrovary Hyvery?
Quote my spouse: They look pretty, so they’re inappropriate.
I heard it was bad to ride them because their backs weren’t bread fo support people?
&gt;Me to my spouse: That’s a Digimon, right? &gt;Spouse: Yeah it’s [name]. &gt;Me: Thanks, I couldn’t remember if it was a Digimon or a Pokémon. &gt;My spouse: [softly] Jesus fucking Christ
r/wholesomecapitalism
Melanin can be many colors, not just brown or grey.
Wrap dresses 💯
21 or 12?
I haven’t read that in over a decade is it still going?
I remember the woman with the black hair lost her hammer and they found the god of misogyny or something...?
Is it still good? Worth a reinvest?
Wow, I remember it going from amateur to impressive, does it look professional now?
Thanks! Looks like he’s just gotten better at composition.
Fun fact, female orange tabbies are very rare! The orange gene is sex-linked and requires an orange male and an orange-carrying, if not actually orange, female.
Fuckin forgot that gem
[*laughs in rat furry*]
Dumbos are too expensive to be feeders
Blue is used to represent cops in many situations (black flag with a thin blue line horizontally across the center) so this is the USA flag without blue, thus without cops
You might not like it, but this is what perfection looks like.
The M is very characteristic of tabby markings!
I’m so sorry :(
Very true
I know that fury, my **IUD** failed. I thoroughly recommend a D&amp;C, the pill takes days of pain.
That it died
Ninja latina
Stereotype that all Black people have AIDS
That’s a fashion trend lately, this faded edge that kinda ends up looking like a unibrow from far away.
I think it’s really hard for children if they grow up around Black people who express their culture this way - they just soak it in. I teach and I saw a little White girl act just like her Black friend, no idea of anything different.
Just because someone isn’t aware White people using N is racist doesn’t make it less racist.
This NEEDS sound, they sound like laser guns!
You didn’t even draw it why can’t they get that?
That happened in the 90’s so unless OP misremembered by a decade it has to be another lovely gorilla.
Featuring u/wootwootyinthebooty
Oh on mobile it doesn’t
Horray!
r/misleadinggraphs
Just a note, I used to dump in the sink and if anyone else is rinsing hair or anything else down there it makes it more likely to clog :/
He cronch at own foot
💯 that’s what I did, but before I realized it was because I was NBy 🙃
Then get told you’re being racist 🙃 I had no idea but I haven’t done it since that complaint.
Please NSFW I’m at an elementary school
Literal penis pop
D:
Lucky enough to have a privacy screen and not be around them atm
Good one, much safer.
They know a dick when they see one. I wasn’t on this Reddit, I was on Reddit’s main feed. That’s the point of NSFW, it doesn’t show when you’re scrolling.
I mean some people do masturbate a little before putting it in because it makes it easier. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Also that muzzle - the “Ron Pearlman” muzzle, as it’s called, is a tell-tale sign of main coon heritage.
I mean, we don’t know anything about Angel’s anatomy.
I mean it seems like he likes it so
Is this a SU reference?
Is that where it originated?
Have you tried lube? I keep a (THOROUGHLY RINSED) small hand sanitizer bottle filled with lube with me so it’s not so bad.
That woulda been so appropriate
RIGHT it cost me *5 grand* because I had to go to the ER because I started spontaneously aborting and my insurance considered it *maternity care* and didn’t cover *maternity care*. FOR A LIFE-THREATENING PARASITE. Thanks, Planned Parenthood, for not charging me an arm and a leg to *save my life*. Fuck this system and the way it treats those who can get pregnant.
~~Where does the kangaroo factor in?~~ Oh pouch I’m observant lol
What case do you use? How do you keep the pencil attached (beyond the magnet)?
The artist of the webcomic TwoKinds did a really good tutorial, I’ll see if I can find it... ETA: Kangaroos actually are plantigrade (heel down) unless they’re hopping around, btw.
Aren’t all moles technically cancer, just benign?
Is it very gendered? I’m non-binary but I menstruate.
Word of warning to onlookers: in some areas, if you feed an animal *you are legally responsible*. The idea is not to support feral colonies.
Fun fact, [everyone gets boners](https://www.ohjoysextoy.com/genitals/)!
I used this, thank you! I’ll link you when I post a photo of it.
PLEASE READ WHOLE POST BEFORE ASKING QUESTIONS, last time I posted about this I got asked the same questions over 20 times so please check if it’s answered here!!! Y’all, it took 3 days shy of a MONTH to do this with no time traveling (no knock to those who do, it’s your game!) but it’s SO WORTH IT!! How to: https://youtu.be/J9QXgwYnkBs Why the toilet: so no one comes into the garden with fruit power and breaks a rock - when you sit on a toilet you poop out your fruit power! Zen Garden Lines by r/Pixebo, THEY ACTUALLY USE TRANSPERANCY AAAAAH Their MA is 9246-0808-4302
[Tada](https://www.reddit.com/r/AnimalCrossing/comments/gy07hm/after_3_days_shy_of_a_month_my_zen_garden_is_done/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)!
I credit my friend who credits the internet.
Once the first rock spawned I was locked in, I couldn’t bear there being some organized rocks and some not. I actually extended it by 2 days because the front two rocks spawned last, but with their spots switched and it just looked so bad that I had to break them and make them switch spots. ETA: I also had to take the whole set-up down and put down pathing because it was keeping the rocks in limbo for like 3 days.
Sure!!
PLEASE READ WHOLE POST BEFORE ASKING QUESTIONS, last time I posted about this I got asked the same questions over 20 times so please check if it’s answered here!!! Y’all, it took 3 days shy of a MONTH to do this with no time traveling (no knock to those who do, it’s your game!) but it’s SO WORTH IT!! How to: https://youtu.be/J9QXgwYnkBs Why the toilet: so no one comes into the garden with fruit power and breaks a rock - when you sit on a toilet you poop out your fruit power! Zen Garden Lines by r/Pixebo, THEY ACTUALLY USE TRANSPERANCY AAAAAH Their MA is 9246-0808-4302
I’m stuck at 67 😭 I listen for fish but occasionally my controller doesn’t like to accept my button press
Oooo I didn’t think to make it a long table, that’s smart!
Nooooo!!
It keeps others from bringing it in as well.
The issue is you don’t know they’re like that until it happens. Better safe than sorry.
You ply your game that way I’ll play it mine. I feel like you’re just trying to argue right now.
I’m not sure if it’s a New Horizons feature but next time your sky gets real dark and the rain gets diagonal, sit down and just watch.
Thanks! Circle designs look really nice! I didn’t have a good spot for one because I wanted to be able to hit them all without picking anything up or digging. You’re almost there!!
Condoms *combined* with *proper* withdrawal is actually really effective.
This probably won’t be seen by the artist, but I strongly discourage depiction of George Floyd’s killing. I (White)was going to do a similar piece but fielded it by several Black friends because I was worried the imagery would mostly trigger Black individuals instead of share a message. They all agreed with me. Remember, impact&gt;intent, folx.
Please always use lube with condoms - I know they come pre-lubricated, but honestly it’s better safe than sorry. Worse thing is you have to wipe yourself off more ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
That sucks, I’m sorry :(
Exactly, thank you :)
I found him in the morning and forgot to wake him in the evening, I’m going to start setting reminders to wake him up if I see him.
I’ve never seen a long-haired tortie!
Bless 😍
I’d they didn’t follow up I have 3 lefts lol
Ill take 30 seconds of high pain over 3 days of medium-high pain and blood any day 😂
I’ve got plenty what do you need?
I got chu HMU in an hour
I am now!
I got it :)
Same
I NEEDED THAT LAUGH THANK YOU
Appreciate the profile check ;)
What do you need?
I’m talking about increased representation of underrepresented people.
What you remember older video games looking like vs what they’re not even close to
Definitely part dachshund or corgi
I hear that Animal Crossing in the background :p
Study IRL - rabbits have very pointed feet, for example. I recommend focusing on rabbit expressions as much as possible as well, so you don’t have conflicting body language. Use human expression that aligns with rabbit expression.
Mine is this sexologist: https://youtu.be/VUGvxiNTjDU
:O thank you!
I’m demisexual, so I part of that is after I’m attracted to someone (which requires a strong connection and isn’t a guarantee and can go away without warning) I start finding things I associate with them attractive. So now when my nerdy spouse explains things to me I wanna fuck ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
They certainly don’t have to be realistic, but you don’t want to put ram horns on a deer if you catch my drift :)
The ostriches and alligators look pretty damn cute in them.
Tail and torso, are you saying you need more than T Rex?
Send me a dodo code
Sounds good, it’s a lot so I’d prefer to just come and drop 😂
It’ll be a little bit :)
I’m pretty sure you said it the same as the pervious person but it made sense this time 🤣
I told someone I liked their bag when they had this IRL!
Glowup!
Okay ready!
Let me know when you’re ready :)
Disagree with sexual attraction, I know people who like looking at people that get them aroused but have no desire to go anywhere with it.
Except when a woman has one
Cool, still a character of color.
Thank you :)
Hmmm hu(man-icures)?
Gay
Your skin constantly produces oil tho
My vet says as long as they’re not breeder or dumbos their lifespan is closer to 5.
This isn’t even true for aces, there are asexual people who have sexual desire but no object of that desire.
I got pregnant on Skyla and my spouse and I suspect it was my cup. There’s such a high correlation that some doctors offices hand out pamphlets when you get an IUD.
It should be noted that Natani is a trans man.
What’s your pros and cons?
That’s strange, mine don’t create suction.
Polyamorous?
That’s sexual harassment
You don’t need to open it, your trying to make be causing the extra suction :)
👉😎👉
Do you have a gameplay video?
You wanna hear a funny trans joke? Cis man comedian said, “I know trans women are women. I have sex with them and they don’t orgasm, either.”
As a trans person I can assure you it’s not.
Oh it is, I was just trying to make you laugh :) Also, almost size twins!
You are correct
No I agree - if you don’t want it abort or adopt. You’re welcome to get angry at failed BC but statistics happen.
Rape is not a natural outcome of marriage while pregnancy is a natural outcome of a type of sex. So one should prepare for that - BC, abortion funds, an adoption center you trust, whatever outcome is best for you if you don’t want a child, but do want to have that kind of sex.
My spouse just got a brand new Windows tower (feel that’s obvious but specifying in case) with a evga rtx 2060 graphics card. All other games run beautifully, but for some reason League’s frame rate with drop to 0 for a half second to several seconds several times during play. No other programs are running and dropping the graphics doesn’t help. It is ONLY with League.
[That’s a penis](https://www.reddit.com/r/HighQualityGifs/comments/1q1hwc/gif_remake_thats_a_penis_how_i_met_your_mother/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf).
Options within the client or game?
Afraid I’m not familiar
Ace dom vibes
He’s a weekly visitor like Saharah and Boots (IDK his real name)
GOOD
Dang, I got nothin :/
CN: self-harm Similar advice - I have a Fwb (F capital because we’re heavy in the friend department) with over 100 self-harm scars all over her limbs. Many are keloids and thus are dark and raised. When we have sex or even just cuddle, I stroke her body as if her scars weren’t there - not focusing on any but not avoiding them if they’re in the path of the stroke. She said it makes her feel desirable, and not disgusting. I told her her scars are part of her - I wish the world didn’t make that one of her only escapes, but they’re here now and they’re a part of her. As far as that relates to boobs, don’t glorify them unless that’s a person’s kink - just pay attention to them in qualitatively equal parts as the rest of the sensual spots.
Thank you, I try! Exactly :)
Because who they think their main player base is (cishet men) needs something to masturbate to.
As long as the same is done to the men of the race.
I have a buttload of fossils if you want any!
I also have a BUTTLOAD of fossils
F A T
I’ve tried to convince so many people that the CDC isn’t trying to poison you, you’re really NOT supposed to wash your meat.
Isn’t a wet towel another option?
Yup! That’s why there’s a toilet outside my rock garden
I have narcolepsy and control it with a sleep schedule, let me know if you want advice!
My parents’ small dog was always sensitive under his armpits. He’d snap if you touched him there. I was washing him one day and popped a 1cm blackhead out from under his arm without even trying. He’s cool about his armpits now.
I am an artist, so my hands end up in a lot of weird positions. If I really flare up my pinky, you can see it in my wrist.
How I got wrinkles on my wrist at 25 then 😂
There’s subclasses if “furry” and “otherkin” that may be reporting (overlap but not mutual).
Literally where I crossposted it from lol
Right now, 08:30-23:30. Once this update comes out, 10:00-08:30 (overnight)
I just crossposted, but it looks like your typical long haired tabby to me.
It so good of you to make those videos. Since you’re trying to cover all your bases with those videos, also consider making one for if your son is transgender (not just a trans girl/woman, but genderfluid or non-binary), as well as bisexual/pansexual. I’d love to talk to you about what these are in depth if you’re not sure. Thank you for preparing for this instead of running away or ignoring it. That is true strength.
They’re saying it because they aren’t as good at taking in and processing air - it’s more harmful for them to wear masks.
She also talks about her conflicts with being Black and transphobia within her Black communities (avoiding saying “the” because there’s no one Black community 🖤🤎), it was sad to watch :(
It was my daily reminder 😂
[I even made a meme about it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/e6cduc/i_have_a_problem/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
“What path would you like to start with?” Boom done
Clowns give me the skeevies so he does, too. I don’t bash him, just don’t want him myselfz
