The balls are also smaller, and the table larger with narrower pockets.
It's called a widget.
Is this not how to say it?
You're saying Mr. Zero knew you were getting a divorce a week before you did?
Just having the card doesn't mean you ever possessed any marijuana. Maybe someone gets the card just to have that option open. That doesn't break any federal laws that I'm aware of.
OP looks to be a blog spammer.
Have you tried a magic eraser?
The WalMart one town over from me is already selling again.
I don’t think this is correct. I was researching this just a couple months ago so I’m a little fuzzy though. On my phone atm so I can’t back it up. Iirc, there’s no legal hoops for installing a cartridge conversion cylinder. I’ll post sources after work today unless some beats me to it. ( or I’m shown to be wrong.
Yeah, I believe you're correct. I had a brain fart and totally missed that OP is looking to do the entire conversion with loading gate.
I have a bar like this. Just be careful as they can mess up the molding.
Looks like the innards of the chomping crocodile in the move “Toys”.
If you want to go this route, check what your states plan for industrial scale cultivation is. You may only have a few years to establish yourself before the giants move in and make things really difficult for the small operations.
Not a method per se, more of a mantra: &gt; The quality of your day is dictated by your attitude toward the things you cannot change. For the past year or so, I've been making a concerted effort to stress and worry as little as possible. The above phrase has helped immensely.
So with the ice cream, do you end up with ice cream soup, or to you eat some, put it in the freeze, eat some more, etc.
This. I'd much rather have triple digits than be even slightly cold.
When I was researching before buying a barrel, the consensus seemed to be that over 20" nets you higher velocity but once you pass 20", accuracy begins to suffer.
Companies don't fire someone who failed a drug test because they smoke weed. They fire them because it allows them to not pay for on-the-job injuries and/or unemployment. Say Johnny chooses to smoke a joint on the weekend instead of drinking a bottle of vodka. An entire month after the fact, Johnny slips and falls at work. In the *mandatory* post-injury drug screen, they find THC metabolites in his urine. Johnny wasn't stoned when he fell down. The fact that he had smoked that joint a month prior had nothing to do with his injury. But because workers have no rights, he can be fired on the spot without compensation and be left to deal with nothing but pain and medical bills. They're not going to let go of that willingly. As long as there is no legal employment protection, pot is still essentially illegal de facto for most people.
I’d love to see “farm fresh” marijuana in a farmers market type of setting. Don’t think any of the legal states allow it though. Not that I could buy it anyway since I could get fired for a failed drug test. 😞
This was my first thought!
Just curious. Why'd they take down the website?
Considering this is exactly like every other $20 dollar hammock that's flooded the market, I'd say there are a **lot** of other ways to hammock. In other news; spam account is spammy.
Or birch.
Just search “birch tar” on YouTube. Just need a cookie tin and a small fire.
Read that in Glados' voice
Robots also can't spit.
Where in the timeline is the new campaign? Is Grog even still alive?
I don't know anything about the series, but I seem to recall Marisha saying that Avatar helped her through a difficult time in her life, so it's certainly possible.
I thought it was a stick.
All the steps have clues that a person *could* eventually figure out. Except the upside-down drawer. The only way I could see figuring that out is just random chance. I didn't see any clue for that part.
Have you considered adding a PTO chuck on the side to add something like a [Buffing cross](http://www.sri-supplies.com/cross-buff-112-3ply-ao-med-sta-725005.html) to help smooth out recesses and such?
And when the video auto-plays, you realize that the article is just the verbatim transcript of the video.
Got a half kilo of Green Suma from Acadica.
I chew like it's food. I guess until it feel squishy and digestible? haha IMO, it doesn't taste nearly as bad as powder. Just tastes like plant matter. It does kind of numb my tongue a little bit though (goes away pretty quickly).
Their stock seems to be low at the moment. I think they're going to add their new shipment to inventory soon. You could message /u/badgersilver to find out.
Wouldn’t dropping the dear leader chosen by god bullshit and just generally un-fucking the populace be a better course of action than having nukes for N Korea?
Guy in white shirt: "So what did we learn?"
&gt; work within the system to have some effect, mediate harm So... change the system from within but use more words to describe it?
It says "Oven and microwave safe", but I suppose it's better safe than lead poisoned. Thanks for the tip.
I just want to take a minute to tell you that your gasoline analogy is amazing. Very well put!
What glass did you go with?
Been using a hammock for my bed for about, I think around 6 or 7 years now. Hang straight to the stud no problem but if you’re worried, just use a 2x6 to bridge across two studs and anchor to that. I can lay in my hammock and watch movies and play PlayStation just fine. I just use a pillow. Can also sit in it to be more upright. I used to suffer from pretty bad sciatic nerve issues. Sleeping in a hammock has made that completely go away. Ymmv though. Any more questions, let me know. 🙂
Didn’t realize that. Thanks! 🙂
&gt; something to absorb that energy such as swivel type hardware. What I do is use an AmSteel continuous loop Cow-hitched to my anchor which is bolted to a stud, then I connect my suspension to the continuous loop with an aluminum toggle that's also cow-hitched to the loop. [Like so](https://imgur.com/a/qnPkM).
They didn’t say it was.
Made me think of Rocco's Modern Life, but [this](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/rockosmodernlife/images/3/3c/Sockner.png/revision/latest?cb=20130525163323) is the only sock puppet from the show I can find.
Something for crochet?
Sounds like you just need to join an improv group. All “RP” and zero rolling.
&gt; For the role players, does character or NPC death emotionally affect you outside of game For me, it's basically the same as a character dying in a movie or TV show. Sort of a "aww, I'll miss that personality." Maybe a little more of a bummer, since you get to interact with the character.
Indentured militiamen? I can dig it.
I've done 8 weddings over the years with my ULC ordination. Totally legit.
I actually thought about looking for a lock picking tutorial on my phone, but I couldn’t find anything to use for a pick. Though I was pretty sure I could use the pocket clip from a pen I found for the turney thing.
Looks like Schlage has some offerings that have zwave. Guess I need to outline my automation plan to figure out what to go with.
Sounds like a cool story, but there doesn't seem to be much room for player agency. Or is this going to be a prologue and the PCs just start out in the abyss as soulless husks? Guess it is essentially the same deal as "you all wake in a jail cell". Only, the abyss is the jail, and their souls are the key. Do they feel different without a soul? Any handicap that would entail? Do they have their personalities? Their memories?
I think this is more about maximizing gains. It’s like, yeah you can make gains with a garbage diet, but you’ll see better gains by carefully managing your macros.
Also want to know this.
So I’ve been meaning to read the FR books. Anyone have a list they could share?
My family has a '68 h/o 442. I don't really like driving it. Always nervous since it's 1 of 513 ever made (and even fewer still exist). I'd rather have a clone so I wasn't so paranoid while driving the damn thing.
Sounds about right. Last I heard, my grandpa was going to sell it. Don't know if he has, or if he's still going to. Had a '69 442 for a while too. I actually liked driving that one. Not nearly as nerve racking. "only" had a 400, but it was still pretty quick for how big it was. Think my dad was really bummed when we sold that one.
I can't recall the reasoning, but I *think* it had to do with vibrations, or harmonics? I dunno. It made sense at the time. lol
Didn't Gygax experiment with this concept in the early days?
What level are they?
400 gold is kinda crazy for a level 2 PC. Though, there are lots of ways to deal with it if you want (inflate prices, introduce a situation that depletes their funds, etc.). Or you can just let them have a baller lifestyle before toning it back a bit.
Yeah. I doubt I'll ever be able to tell the difference between a 20" barrel vs. a 24". Ultimately, I went with 20" because I don't like a lot of barrel sticking out of the hand guard. haha
Doubt it has anything to do with it, but it looks like a kinstone from Zelda: The Minish Cap.
handle seems like an addition. Looks like it was originally a universal joint. Maybe a gear reduction for a tractor PTO for some implement.
I’d make them become unstable if they’re kept too long. Each day past x amount of time since picked increases the likelihood of losing a hand. 😈
Something to generate npc/baddie stats. Say I need a drow sorcerer. Just click the attributes I know I want like race, class, level, etc. and the app fills in the rest.
I'm a fan of red herrings. Make random encounters seem less random by adding interesting-yet-superfluous details along the way. Example: Add a derelict shrine a few dozen yards off the side of the road. Adventurers love ruins. They can investigate it, try to determine if it's still in use, what deity it was for, etc. You can have all this info prepared, or just wing it because none of that info *really* matters (unless you want it to). Its real purpose is to be interesting. Also makes for better battlegrounds than just some road in the woods. Also adds a nice spot of loot. Other things to consider is if the road is well traveled. If it is, and the journey takes more than one day, there would likely be an inn or other traveler related businesses along the way. Can get a little silly with things like "world's largest ball of bellybutton lint" or whatever.
That eye... holy balls that eye is amazing!
Wouldn't the plants eventually deplete the available nutrients?
Thanks, I've watched some of his videos but I'll have myself a little binge.
Nope. I do have an old 48 star flag hanging in my home though. Not national pride or anything. It belonged to my great-grandpa and I think it's neat.
Or the DNC.
I don't *think* that's how plants work, but I don't know enough to refute it.
My electric blanket stopped working a few nights ago. :-( Only had the damn thing for about a month too!
I sleep in a hammock.
Contracted version of "How do you do?" . Goes something like this: &gt;"Howdy!" &gt;"Not bad, yourself?" &gt;"Eh. Can't complain."
I was wondering why she was so happy with a pie face-down on the ground.
I see a lot of features like these in houses built in the early 2000's. I always figured it was the result of "shotgun" design within a predetermined floor plan. The OP house might have had a larger cove for an entertainment center as standard, but the original buyer chose a fireplace "upgade". So they slap in the fireplace, but the actual walls and foundation slab of the house are standardized throughout the subdivision so you end up with little useless spaces just like this one. Sometimes they'd turn the dead space into a alcove like this, or you might end up with a ridiculous number of small closets. They were all solutions to the problems that arise from "customizing" a tract house.
Pretty sure this is correct.
Reminds me of a sobriety chip, but those usually have a number to show how many months the person has been clean for.
I just got the "century" style schlage connect. Gonna install this weekend. How do you like yours?
Would be pretty simple to make some. Lots of fun too!
Centering heads are super handy.
I was going to say something along these exact lines.
I like that the building with a giant revolving hole in it also has an ADT alarm box.
Still friendlier than CocaCola. I wrote to them in 7th grade as an assignment suggesting that they sell a "suicide" soda (just a bunch of other sodas mixed together). Basically got a cease and desist letter from their legal department telling me not to write them with product ideas. :-(
That was to dissuade dumb kids from doing dangerous shit in an attempt to impress the Jackass crew.
That's what I figured at the time.
Unfortunately no. This was over 20 years ago.
In Central California, I've always heard it called a "suicide". Made a mention of this in a comment and learned that a couple other names for the concocotion include "swamp water" and "grave yard" Wondering what other names there are for it.
What we call jungle juice is when you mix all the miscellaneous leftovers from a party into one cup. If you drink this, you're either still very drunk, or you have a problem.
Same here. I can't even stand any soda unless it's the sugar-free version. But when I was a kid, I could have probably mainlined that shit.
So does your HAVC system have an integrated humidifier, or does the EcoBee allow you to control a standalone humidifier?
I've got a Schlage Connect sitting in a box next to me waiting until I get another Pi to install. I would also like to read about your ongoing adventure. :)
I really wouldn't shy away from the Pi solution. I've done a few Pi projects and so far, they've all been super easy. On the surface "Set them up via SSH" sounds like an intimidating statement, but if you just search youtube for "How to ssh raspberry pi" you'll see that it's really a simple task. Lots of very smart people have made programs that simplify a lot of tasks for us normal folks. :)
[Something like this?](http://www.vmwareinfo.com/2017/07/visualizing-smart-home-using-home.html)
Right?! Making me really curious about where it started. Probably like the weird "S" thing. No concrete source and just remains a mystery.
Good thing you never used the card to obtain a federally illegal substance. Because just having the card doesn't prove that you ever used it. *Get what I'm saying?*
I've used armslist for a couple trades. Just always insist on meeting at an FFL. The only problem with it is that you get a lot of flakes.
Glad to help! I have that site saved as a browser homepage. I don't want to forget where I saw it once I finally get to the point where I'd like to incorporate it in my HA setup.
I prefer it still wrapped in the factory skinvelope.
That's more than I paid for my '17 Sport 4x4 brand new. Even if they last to a million miles, that's a bad deal.
Donut is an option.
Can the aftermarket display navigation?
Holy balls man! When was your last T-break? The withdrawals from that level of use have got to be ungodly.
You should probably set a tapering plan. Just dial it back a bit every couple days until you're at a point where a proper T-break is actually possible. Sure, it may not be as effective while tapering, but it will be worth it in the long run.
Do you use it for pain? Opiate replacement? Anxiety?
Check out the “what fits, what hits” thread on ToasterJeep.
Solving a rubics cube really fast.
Sure, or maybe it’s that most people aren’t single-issue voters and the politicians who are pro-gun often don’t align with the rest of the voters’ views. Stop blaming people for voting intelligently and start blaming politicians for being out of touch with the populace.
Not consciously. I go full okie in certain settings.
When your tender is big enough to have a tender.
What if a plane crashes into your house?
I love asymmetry! 😁
I don’t understand this gripe. My 2.4 has no problem getting on the freeway or passing on country roads. Maybe everyone else is just in more of a hurry than me. Compared to my YJ, my Rene is a damned rocket ship.
I use a pipe nail as a snuff spoon. Quick shallow sniffs. I’m a fiend for strong Indian snuffs so deep inhaling is a no-go. If I don’t have my pipe nail, I just boxcar.
I'll be the odd one out. My favorite way to toke is with a spliff using menthol "Midnight Special" rolling tobacco. That particular rolling tobacco is kinda sweet and really minty. A few reasons I like it: 1. It masks the smell of weed. When I was younger (Pre-legalization), we could light up a spliff and walk down main street without arousing much suspicion. 2. The combination of nicotine, menthol, and weed produces a really nice "functional" high IMO. More energetic whereas a "pure" joint just makes me want to sit and giggle (which can be fun *sometimes*, but I'm more of an "enhancement" smoker). 3. Smoother than weed alone. I've never had a coughing fit from a nice minty spliff. 4. Much easier to roll perfect cones, even if you're already out of your gourd. 5. Less weed=less tolerance.
This was my first thought as well.
He gave himself synthol titties? Poor guy needs help.
I have that trigger! [Christensen Arms VTAC](https://www.vikingtactics.com/product-p/vtac-tr.htm) Edit: I think I have the same safety too! haha
I'm in CA and bought my 6.5 barrel from ARP no problem. Don't see anything on the site about no longer shipping here.
I think sometime toward the end of last year.
If that's the actual reason, it's fucking moronic.
Same.
He could have just hidden the bike. His "reason" seems like a shitty excuse for being a skeezy mf.
I can’t shake my paranoia so I’ll preface this with... “Someone who isn’t me” ... used to absolutely load up on the good fireworks anytime they went to Nevada. Never had a problem , and if they had been stopped, the story would have been that they were just passing through on their way to Arizona.
Sometimes I get a little paranoid that I'm actually mentally handicapped and everyone I've ever met is in on a conspiracy to keep me from finding out.
At least in my area, a studio runs about 1k/month minimum. Cheapest I’ve seen was 800 and that was in the ghetto. Went with a friend to check it out and in the 10 minuets it took to realize how shitty it was, someone had stolen the Toyota emblem off his car...
Your guess is as good as mine. Lol
12mgp in a z31 is impressive, in a bad way. I'd romp on mine and I don't think I ever got below mid 20s.
I came suuuper close to trading my old AR for a no. 1 in .458 win mag. Regrets, I have a few.
Ended up trading it for a para warthog plus cash. Turned around and traded the para for a rebuild/lightly suped up motor for my '72 dart. Motor is still runnin' strong. haha.
The question isn't "Should you?" The question is "Why haven't you already?" ;-)
That handguard is waaayy too tempting... And here I thought my guide gun was finished. :-/
Mmm. I'd say you still done good. :)
Nice! I really want to do a full length mag tube on mine. Did you cut the dovetail for it yourself?
Damn you! haha
Actually, yeah. Lol
[here’s my ‘94](https://i.imgur.com/FaKKz1j.jpg)
I love it. Able to get on target super quick and shoot with both eyes open easy.
I’ve only punched paper around sunset, but didn’t have any issues with brightness.
Y’all make a fantastic product! 🙂
I was thinking about getting a set in orange, but I'm almost certain it wouldn't be a perfect match and that would bother meway too much. haha
California Shooting Sports in Modesto is a nice indoor range. Then there's Stage Stop in Atwater that also has an indoor range (never shot there but I've heard it's nice). And the closest outdoor range I know of is Manteca Sportsmen Club. They have a pistol range, clays, and a 100yd rifle range.
Lots of projects and hobbies. Building a kitchen currently. Or sometimes I go for a stroll through the orchard with a pipe and a whiskey. Target shooting and popping ground squirrels is fun too.
Yep! A Stetson. Was just looking online for a new one yesterday. Haha
Never had an issue with the parking brake, but your routine seems odd. You know you can go into settings and make the brake engage automatically when you shift into park and the brake will release when you apply the gas while in drive. Even if you don’t want it in the auto setting, just shift to park then turn on the brake. Shifting into neutral first is pointless.
REM stamped Marlins produced in the last few years should be just fine. The problem "remlins" were made during the transition period when Freedom Group had just acquired Marlin. My 1895G was made at the ass end of this transition period and had zero issues. Even if you happen upon one of these "remlins", there are things you can look out for. [I talked about this in my review/buyers guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/gunreviews/comments/1mtl1a/reviewbuyers_guide_marlin_1895g_upgrades/). Regardless of JM vs new REM, I'd definitely suggest a Marlin over a Henry. If only because of Henry's horrible loading hole thing.
A demi semi.
Got one in a trade that I quickly re-traded for a rebuilt engine for my dart. Nifty little shooter, but like others have said, little bugger always ended up at jam central station.
I was so pissed when Pepsi switched to sucralose to appease the aspartame fear mongers. So glad they switched back. Now my favorite fizzy drink tastes right again. 🙂
I used to work at Lowes. They showed us a training video on how to spot people who might be pro-union. Basically said "yeah, we can't fire them for that, but we **will** find something else to fire them for." It was disgusting. What was worse, is that a lot of my co-workers totally believed the anti-union propaganda they were spewing.
Yep. They got rid of the “classic “ diet and now all Diet Pepsi is the real Diet Pepsi 😁
I’ve got a like-new front bumper cover for sale off my ‘17 sport. 😋
What if you flipped it 90 for printing? So the layers are horizontal?
Should be fine. Slug your barrel if you want to know your exact bore. My 1895 likes .460.
Slugging is just ramming a slightly oversized pure lead ball through your barrel. Then you can use calipers to measure your exact bore diameter. Search “slugging a rifle barrel “ on YouTube and you should find a bunch of how-to videos.
Thanks for the correction.
Not mentioned yet: Avid essentials has their Radius rear bumper. Has a built in hitch and looks great IMO. I have their contour front bumper and the build quality is superb. Planning on getting the rear after I get around to installing the snorkel.
Just find an offroad oriented shop. A lot of dealers won't install non-OEM parts.
Dude. No.
I saw a marmot for the first time when I was in my mid-twenties. It was one of the strangest experiences I've had. I consider myself to be an outdoorsy sort. So to stumble upon hundreds of those giant fuzzy potatoes and have no clue what they were was kind of jarring. Like, I had never even heard of them. Had to describe the strange "land beavers" to my brother-in-law to find out wtf they were.
It definitely doesn't "protrude conspicuously beneath the action".
Uh, that’s not true.
Central California here. Everyone holds the door for the next person. Old people do it for young people, women do it for men, and so on. It’s not “cringey” or really anything to even give a second thought. It’s just courteous.
Don’t some a2 sight blocks need a groove in the barrel for a roll pin? (Might be wrong. Never had one and just vaguely recall reading about it). If that’s the case, maybe the gunsmith isn’t equipped for the job. I know there are a lot of people calling themselves a “gunsmith “ when really they’re more just “assemblers”.
I’m planning on doing mine with plastidip.
Make sure your bank has a good fraud prevention program. Or use a visa gift card.
I wish 45 was the high end around here. Some dick heads charge 75-100. Cheapest I’ve found is 25.
I’d like to see an AR15 in 308.
I put an Athlon Argos BTR ffp 8-34x56 (with MIL reticle) on my 20" 6.5 Grendel upper. Haven't shot it yet, but looking through it, I'm very impressed. A whole lot of bang for your buck, especially considering it's ffp.
I've just started on my next upper in .458 socom. Lower doesn't really matter. I'll be using the same lower for 6.5 grendel, .458 socom, .556, and 7.62x39. For the upper, I went with a 14" tromix barrel. All my research pointed to Tromix being the best for .458 and 14" because I'm gonna pin/weld an over-bored Atlas 7 comp and wanted to keep it short-ish. I'm using Spartan non-recip side charging recievers for all four uppers. I *think* the ejection port is large enough, but it won't be the end of the world if I end up having to get it opened up a bit.
Check out the Spartan side charge upper. It's an un-branded gibbz non-recip SC.
The youtube reviews showing the tracking is what sold me. I'm planning on getting a few of their other products as well for my other uppers.
Careful with the .22 conversion. I’ve read that the bullet can yaw when exiting a non-.22lr barrel and strike the muzzle device.
[Here's some pictures](https://imgur.com/a/vJoimTR)
Should I call OpticsPlanet, or BRO?
I'm having a hell of a time finding a phone number on their site.
Awesome. Big thanks! :)
I know, right?
If you’re not in enough danger to kill, you shouldn’t draw a firearm. Get a can of bear spray.
I have the resurgent arms ca grip (similar to this one) and actually prefer it to a pistol grip. Very comfortable.
ToasterJeep.com
What's that muzzle device?
If you’re in CA, it will need a lock.
Search for 12.7mm barrels.
I’ve already got about 2500 in this project with another 2.5-3k to go. Just a drop in the bucket. Lol Thanks for the link!
This one is definitely a possibility. Just not sure it’ll fit in the BRO.
What’s “PCSing”?
No prob. As I understand it, AA owns “50 Beowulf” so a lot of the third party people use 12.7mm to avoid the trademark.
**Lower:** * PSA blem. lower receiver. (Placeholder until I find a reasonable ffl to transfer a Spartan “blank” lower) * LuthAR MBA-1 stock. With fixed buttplate. * Generic buffer/tube/spring (placeholder until I choose a captured buffer spring thing) * Christiansen VTAC Truss trigger. * Radian Talon safety in tungsten. * Titanium mag release. * SI bolt catch. (Gonna be a Ti one on the Spartan lower) **6.5 Grendel upper:** * OdinWorks Atlas6 comp. * AR Performance 20” barrel * AR Performance 6.5 Super Bolt * OdinWorks LowPro stainless adjustable gas block * OdinWorks stainless gas tube * BRO 17.76” SLM m-lok handguard * Toolcraft premium NiB BCG * Spartan non-recip. side charging upper * Athlon Argos BTR 8-34x56 ffp mil IR * can’t remember the scope mount. **.458 SOCOM upper ( so far):** * OdinWorks Atlas7 comp. bored out to .480 * Tromix 14” barrel * Tromix .458 bolt * BRO 12” SLM m-lok handguard * Spartan non-recip. side charging upper * toolcraft premium NiB BCG After I’m done with the .458 upper and build out the Spartan lower, I’ll be building two more matching 16” uppers. One in 5.56 and one in 7.62x39.
I *think* you can if: 1. The gun is not prohibited by CA law, and 2. The seller is willing to ship it to a CA FFL. Not 100% certain though.
Only way to sidestep a normal transfer is through interfamilial transfer but that is limited to parent/grandparent&gt;child/grandchild. Again, I’m not 100% on this either.
Did they say what was illegal about it?
Lgs told me July.
It’s the lower angle. Same idea as wall pushups vs. normal pushups. The higher the angle, the more of the weight is actually on your feet. At least, that’s how it was explained to me.
The hubris of ignorance.
You should not go back there and tell others to do the same. That shotgun is perfectly legal. And the guy is double wrong on the 10+1. According to him, every ar15 with a full mag and one in the hole is illegal. Not to mention every on-roster handgun with a ten round mag. I’d go in there and cause a scene. Fuckwits selling guns for a living should at least know the damn laws. What’s the shop name and where is it?
Don’t even need a card in CA anymore. If you’re 21, you can just go to a weed store and buy whatever ya want.
In addition to what OP mentioned, he comes off as a self righteous prick imo. Case in point: He decided to stop selling to CA buyers. There’s no law prohibiting the sale of barrels to CA residents. He’s just decided that it’s his place to punish fellow gun enthusiasts for the *crime* of living in a state that’s not too friendly to gun owners. As if the shit laws here weren’t enough... It’s unfortunate because his barrels really can’t be beat at his price point. Still, I would have saved up and went with someone else had I known he would pull such a dick move. (I got my arp barrel before he decided I wasn’t worthy of it.)
Got a link to a good non-eli5 article?
What is GeoWoodstock?
K. But what is it? Music? Political? Nm. Just noticed which sub this is. Lol.
Love the eyepatch on the eyestalk. Lol
Nothing wrong with ppt with ubc. Just have to do it through an ffl. That’s how it works here in CA. I’m certain I’ll get downvoted into oblivion, but this is one of the few gun laws I think is a good idea.
.45-70 is insanely fun to shoot and a real attention grabber. Every time I take my guide gun to the range, I end up letting strangers send a few down range. Have yet to see someone walk away without a giant grin on their face.
So how do LA gun shops get ammo?
What mag lock did you use?
I’ll have to check it out for my pistol build.
Yes.
BRO makes a 17.76” SLM rail. That’s what I put on my 20” 6.5 Grendel.
I got the 20” version of that barrel but haven’t shot it yet. What kind of accuracy are you getting from yours?
Depends on what state you’re in. Some states do register them as rifles.
California does and I think there are a few others where it can be an issue.
Further proof that a towel is one of the most useful items in the universe. 👍
And then you have the shops charging $100 fee for online transfers on top of the tax and DROS (and a lot of times they inflate the dros fee). The good lgs seems to be a dying breed.
Have you considered a .357/.38 revolver with a lever gun to match?
Yup. Just can’t keep any mags that hold more than 10 rds.
I wouldn't buy it from anywhere. I hate when companies decide to punish gun owners for living here. Same reason I won't buy from AR Performance anymore.
I’d go .223 wylde. 6.5 Grendel seems kind of a waste for your application.
[Hanlon’s razor.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor)
Got pictures of the damage?
[go big or go home](https://imgur.com/a/oMXZO) .45-70 🙂
I really like my Luth-AR MBA-1
Is that an ambi bolt catch?
My ultra Christian step-grandma believes dinosaur fossils were planted by the devil or something to that effect.
I meant bolt release, but you’re right. I should have used the right term.
You may get in legal trouble if you shoot an intruder with it. Hard to claim that you were fearful for your life when you’re sitting behind a monitor underground.
I’d also be very concerned about static, or just interference in general triggering it. You’ll need straight up military level electrical engineering on this. Very high stakes for any glitches.
I can’t even find a way to mute it in the app. Even opening another post and clicking an external link kept the damn thing playing.
Damn dude. You need to find a new bank.
Spartan side chargers are a little cheaper and are the same blank or whatever that Gibbz and a couple others use. I’m putting together a set of four matching uppers(diff calibers) using the SC Spartans.
You okay dude?
Or more guns.
I’ll check it out. Thanks!
I’m no vegan animal rights activist or anything like that, but Foie Gras is terrible.
Torque to yield
I just went with the c-products 10rd Still building the upper, but other forums suggested them.
I work the 24th and 26th. Only get Xmas off. Also work NYE, but I’m taking my last PTO for that. I work for a fortune 300 company posting multi billion dollar profits each year, and we get a grand total of 6 holidays (can be fewer if they fall on weekends). Two weeks vacation, but the have to be split between the first and second half of the year and are supposed to be scheduled by the end of January... I hate our brand of capitalism.
Anti-GMO seems more like a vocal minority rather than the norm. I highly doubt that mindset would hold back lab grown meat. The only concern I ever hear is whether it will taste good.
If you’re going with a better trigger, grip, trigger guard, safety, mag release, and bolt catch, you won’t need much from an LPK. I did all the above and only needed two springs and two detents iirc.
I used a Spartan non-recip side charger for my .458 upper. It’s the same as the gibbz one but a little cheaper (minus the gibbz little triangle cutout/branding) Haven’t finished it yet (just need to weld the muzzle comp pin and get a gas tube), but I was told the ejection port is large enough for .458 . I like the spartan/gibbz because the only special part needed is their cam pin. Uses any standard bolt carrier without the need for custom machining. I kind of wish I’d gone with gibbz for their latching charging handle, but I’m 99% sure I can swap that out on my spartan.
Check out athlon optics Argos BTR line. Sub $300 **ffp** with decent glass. I got the 8-34x56 for my 6.5 Grendel upper. Gonna go with the 1-8 (I think that’s the mag range) for my .223 upper.
BEV block or similar works fine for side chargers. I like it better than clam shell or pin ear blocks.
So... a standard config side charge?
That’s awesome that they come with both standard and offset mounts!
I usually like that setup. Though, I’m also the sick sort who likes scoped leverguns.
First two numbers are the range of magnification, third number is the size of the objective lens in mm. So a 20-40x60 means you can zoom from 20x magnification all the way up to 40x and the scope has a 60mm objective lens. Bigger objectives means more light gathered meaning a brighter picture (provided that the glass is decent quality).
I think the rule of thumb for rifle scopes is 1x per 100 yards (but my spectacled eyes like more than that). Not sure about spotting scopes though.
Have you checked the SN to determine the year of manufacture?
Odinworks atlas. Just had the 7mm version bored out and drilled to pin and weld on my 14” .458 barrel. Brings the barrel length to just over 16” with the end cap off. They have them for 5.56, 6.5, 7.62/308, and 9mm (but the 9mm is shorter).
I get all my specs online from coastal and zenni. Pretty sure they have active wear options.
Of all the places to base your judgment of CA, you’re using Livermore...
Or just get a chunk of dry ice to rub on the barrel.
Real Beauts! One of my dream guns is a No.1 in .458 WinMag in continental dressing. Don't think this combination was ever produced, but some day...
Have you suggested a lever action .45-70?
Has he said why he wants this particular setup?
Add a long brake with a flash can. Will add length and send some of the concussion down range.
I passed on a trade for a no. 1 in .458 winmag a few years back. Still regretting it.
That’s the LNL AP but with the cartridge and bullet loaders included, right?
I’m confused by the wheel rim. How does the bead seat with those little fin standoff things?
Pretty much every other important issue. 😕
Wait... how many Keanus, er... Keani? Whatever. How many have there been?
In CA, I see far more reusable bags than paper or plastic. Amazing the difference a dime makes.
I get this one all the time. And calls about delinquent payments on a mortgage I don’t have. I fucking hate scammers so much.
They could hold it by the husk!
Will I know my rank and platoon or whatnot before hand?
To add to this: There’s no way OP can know how the SIL feels about her kids. Maybe they really do mean the world to her and she’s just not good at communicating that. I know I care a lot about my nieces and nephews, but never really show it outwardly. That’s just how I am. Maybe this SIL is the same. Either way, I don’t see any reason to fly into a rage about it.
About 30-45 minutes from Pleasanton, but I always enjoy my trips to Manteca Sportsmen Club. Plenty of lanes, peaceful surroundings, and not too busy.
&gt; (2)A finished upper receiver for a multiple part receiver system such as an AR-10- and AR-15-style firearm. ... So they got rid of that part?
That’s awesome. Wasn’t this the bad one that could classify a spring as a precursor part and require dros?
Legal in all of California. And most of the rest of the world other than the US.
Perfect time to upgrade to an Avid Essentials bumper. :P
There's a thread on toasterjeeps about this. It can be done, but it's not a cheap or easy process.
put inside a container and wait for it to hatch?
Do you have the 2.4 or the 1.4 turbo?
Do you have any experience with firearms? What kind of shooting are you interested in? How much are you willing to spend on a box of ammo? Edit: damn. Not sure who got their jimmies rustled by my questions...
I know more than a few guys who would kill for those calves! Nice work dude.
A gold coin worth about $300 is smaller than a quarter.
Mag lock and 10rd mag.
What’s the square one?
I heard they’re not doing fireworks this year.
This is what I heard too.
Great opportunity to upgrade to an avid essentials rear bumper. 😁
Awww. It's sleeping!
Some people are “certain “ that it counts as telescopic. I’m not so certain, but I also wouldn’t want to end up being the court case that clears it up. Similar with the luth-ar mba I have on my featureless build. After thinking about it, I decided to install the fixed butt plate.
Got a picture of it folded/stowed?
Tie between Omaha orange, and hyper green.
Charge time on 110 from flat to full?
34 Just gonna keep watching this mother fucker burn and wondering wtf we’re supposed to do about it.
[This one I met needed breakfast](https://youtu.be/a_zH6S-185M) His name is Daryl. He hung out with me all day. Daryl is alright.
Once. Was a high profile murder case. The court dismissed anyone with a full time job.
There are so many uninformed people, I bet it happens fairly regularly.
Looks like slag.
Why do I want this so badly?
Thanks a million for all the insight! (Btw, I private messaged ya too)
I thought they were only on the sucker branches and you’re supposed to trim those off.
It didn’t really crash though did it?. If you bought in at the bottom, you’d still be a multimillionaire after selling a day “late”.
Yeah. Just replace it with a normal hose clamp.
Yep. It's crimped on. Not really any way to save it.
What year/trim level?
It failed you for a missing apostrophe?! /s
[check out these RGB Genie switches. ](https://rgbgenie.com/?product=rgbgenie-color-touch-panel-and-dimmer-black-zigbee-2) That’s what I plan on using.
Reminds me of *Stranger than Fiction*
Holy crap, that’s amazing! Looks like I’ll be buying them today. 😄 Big thanks!
Have you told your dealer? If they give you the runaround, message “JeepCares” on the toasterjeep forums. They can escalate it direct with FCA. They were able to get someone a new engine because of oil consumption.
I’m thinking 3. 😁... Or 4. Lol
My kitty’s vet called me when she was on the slab to let me know they were pretty sure she’d already been spayed. Asked if I wanted them to make the incision to be sure.
It’s not about the ground clearance, it’s the fording depth. Non-TH fording depth limit is only 12 inches. Deeper and you risk hydro locking the engine and getting water in the diff/trans. Unless you install a snorkel and extend the diff/trans vents.
Sweet. Do you know if a hunting permit is enough? My friend is just gonna cull some yotes on a private ranch, not sure if that counts?
Which are also way too bright for on road use.
Perfect example of “two is one, and one is none”.
But there wasn’t a limit on the Kickstarter was there?
Been doing a lot of city driving (kind of aggressive too since I installed a snorkel and love the engine sound when I accelerate hard. Lol ). Mpg is down to 21 now. I’m thinking it’ll settle around 22-23 once I get back to my old man driving habits.
Might also want to consider picking up some longer shocks so you don’t lose a lot of your droop after the lift.
I did the same thing for a dude a couple years ago. Saw a Harley on the side of the highway, and a guy walking a ways away. Couldn’t leave him to walk as it was probably about 20 miles to the nearest town. Dropped him off at a gas station and wished him luck. It’s nice to be nice. 🙂
My friends dad was like this. If they made the mistake of having leftover ketchup from French fries or soy, he forced them to eat the ketchup by itself.
What was the reasoning behind this? Why did they want you driving a new car?
I think the FDA approved treatment is a jar of honey.
Check out forabodiesonly.com I’m pretty sure they’ve got a walkthrough with everything you’ll need for the swap.
Any hiking trip less than 5 days I usually just fast. Ultimate UL meal solution! lol
Supposedly you color one for each continent the jeep has been on but I'm pretty sure that's BS that someone came up with after the fact. I did those two because I like how it looks and I suspect that's everyone's reasoning for their particular number and placement.
Thanks!
I would run, not walk, back to the ffl.
Don't lock your knees.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
[cat tax](https://imgur.com/a/zSD9b5J)
Thanks!
Yep. That's what I call the dust shelf. Super common around here and utterly useless. (Unless you build some stairs for your kitty 😁 )
12x12
No prob. 🙂
Thanks! I just cut slots in the horizontal and vertical boards so they interlock. Then screws for the top and bottom. I can draw a picture if that doesn't make sense.
Thanks! 🙂
The "savings" come if you end up customizing/upgrading. Building, you might spend more initially but you get exactly what you want without paying for two of anything.
Also similar to the Star Trek TNG episode "Inner Light".
I get a lot of grief for not working through my lunch. Everyone thinks I'm being an entitled millenial, but fuck that. The CEO made 27 million last quarter, I'm not working off the clock for half an hour every day.
Is there anything coming down the pipe for CA?
You can outfit it with avid essentials front and rear bumpers for half the cost of getting all the OEM parts required to have the TH bumpers.
Is that all just pine?
Why not use a watercooler and just refill the jugs at those filling kiosks? Are those common everywhere? Never thought about it. Though, even if there aren't kiosks, I'm pretty sure the prefilled ones at supermarkets and such are filled at semi-local facilities.
The chrome finish on the speed holes allow the go-fast particles to flow more freely, right?
It's a pretty well known thing.
I think there was a service bulletin or recall for this exact issue.
Just the box, or is the frame bent?
Look up dynafile. They're more compact than the OP one.
Seconding for pattern! I love making amigurumi.
Google "How to make a ginger bug".
If you were to hammer it out, you put the anvil on the back and work the hammer from the edge of the dent on the front. (Or something counterintuitive to that effect. Been a while since I learned and haven't done it in years)
Does that place on 9th sell new stuff? (Or are they even still there?)
Nice. You gonna go with the contour, or one of the radius..es... radii?
Absolutely! Shoot me a PM with more details and I'll get back to ya tonight when I get home.
Sounds good. 👍
PM sent.
PM sent
What scope is that? I went with a zero scope because I couldn't find any other diy options (though, I do like how little space it takes)
PM sent.
Looks familiar... Oh yeah! [I have one in my pocket right now!](https://imgur.com/a/57T8qU3) 😁
I think Roy built a treadle lathe too.
Speeding and heavy acceleration along with tailgating (constantly adjusting your speed) are the biggest factors in poor mileage. If I keep my speed down, and just generally chill out, I get 27 easy. And this is with big heavy AT tires. My "normal" driving habits get me around 21-22. With the stock tires, I'd get 24-25 without any effort and around about 30 if I was trying.
Nothing would be learned from this. Nobody is going to make the connection between parking like a moron, and out of balance wheels.
Did you get the light bar wiring done? If so, how'd your friend end up running it?
Just wanna pop in and say that you're awesome for being open to not only having your view challenged, but to then changing that view when presented with facts contrary to your original understanding. That's a rare thing these days.
Drop bear? 😋
I installed [these](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06XHCQ8KY?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share) in November of 2018. Still super happy with them.
Yep. Just gotta make sure their oriented correctly. They come with instructions on how to do that (super easy). Haven't done the other lights yet.
Same at lowes. They even said to look for any reason you could find to get a pro-union coworker fired. And you could tell the HR lady giving the presentation had a second helping of the corporate koolaid. It was disgusting.
If it's OT, you're making 1.5x your normal wage. (Or even 2x depending on how many hours you've already worked). The tax bump will not negate the OT rate bump.
MS coins downtown turlock. He keeps kinda weird hours, but he's an awesome and helpful guy.
"Fuck you, I got mine."
I tuck it straight up into my hat in front of my ear.
I'm gonna need a bigger car if there's a possibility I'll randomly become a hippopotamus.
Check out the valkyrie skid plates
You want an open tuning.
Open G is pretty standard. There are some other interesting options you can play around with too.
Intake resonator. It plugs into the intake track behind/below the passenger side headlight.
Glad to help.
Scales and agility exercises will give you the best return on time invested. Theory is also incredibly useful for improv and writing. When you're looking for songs to learn, don't choose them by thinking "that sounds easy". Instead, choose songs that are outside your ability; use your practice to break it down and learn how to play it correctly, and how it actually works. 10000 hours of practice won't do much good if it's spent just noodling on the same riffs with no challenge or thought.
Not normal, legal, or acceptable. BUT, it does happen to a limited degree on new years. Especially out in the sticks.
Bought my '17 4x4 sport 2.4 new. Recently passed 50k miles. Doesnt burn any oil. Always run synthetic because the cost isn't really much more.
I had an atlas 7 opened up. Still haven't shot the dang thing, but there's a lot of positive reviews on the entire atlas line.
I always just used ATF for drilling steel. I'd think it would work for a jigsaw.
A lot of dead skin too. I had a cast for a year (well, 3 casts, but the first one was only a week, then off for surgery, second one was heavy plaster with a metal stabilizing rod, then that only came off long enough to switch to a lighter one once my tendons weren't in danger of tearing back apart). After that year, I had like, a tactile layer of dead skin. If felt amazing to peel it off. Bottom of my foot was crazy. Like 1-2mm thick.
All ketchup contains opiates now, and everyone must subsist solely on potatoes.
I'd go 16. More tire options.
Buy bitcoin.
Alabama entered the chat.
As I understood it, it lets you do car shit from an app on your phone for 10 bucks a month. I have factory remote start and my phone connects to the stock radio via BT just fine without it. Really don't understand the value of Uconnect.
The covid, pee tapes, and bots.
Wheel size has no bearing on that. If you have 29" tires on a 16" wheel, it will show the exact same speed as 29" tires on a 17" wheel. Any tire that's taller than stock will make your speedo a little off. And it's a very small amount. I have the biggest tires possible on a stock renegade and my speedo is only 4mph off at 70mph (and the difference is even less at lower speeds) Going with a 16" wheel just gives you more sidewall (which is good for offroad) and there are more tires to choose from. Edit: just want to add that the speedo is the **only** gauge that will be effected by changing your tire size. Also, curious about the downvote. Lol. Really wonder how some folks *think* a speedo works..
I like it when the DM chooses. Makes things more interesting (and sometimes hilarious) as a player. But I'm also not a super tactical player. more into the RP side of the game.
Gonna pop in here and note that many employer benefits include optional legal insurance. Usually only a couple bucks a month and perfect for situations like this. Also good for pretty much any legal issue you might encounter (divorce, wills, lawsuits, etc.)
At least with a bus, you only have to worry about hitting something at what, like 55 mph tops?
Yep. Very different. Figured you were talking about the old-school VW buses.
Rare sighting of a couple early ScootyPuff jr. prototypes.
Ooh! New podcast to binge. Thank you!
Kind of a bummer. Watching them land all three boosters is just awe-inspiring. Though, seeing Starship takeoff is going to be absolutely insane. I wonder if in 100 years, people will go to watch demonstrations of the crazy triple landing boosters like they go to vintage airshows today. (obviously probably not due to cost, but wouldn't it be neat? :-) )
How long did you season the bamboo?
Cool. I had an amazing full stock of black bamboo (~6" at the base) that cracked while drying. 😭
Would love to see a list of her "victimless " crimes.
I've always wanted something like this, but use it to turn a pencil sharpener. Haha
I don't think that would even survive a speed bump.
YTA. Congrats on insuring that you likely will never see your grandchild unsupervised again. If I was your son, you'd be in jail right now with a restraining order on the way.
It's a kit car. It makes as much hp as whatever engine you decide to run it it. IIRC, you could do away with the VW pan and buy the kit with a tube frame and toss in any engine/transaxle you manage to shoehorn in.
I agree with Jim. Go to a reputable cobbler. They can just replace the heel panel and maybe even dye to match if you want. Looks like they could use a re-sole too.
I'd name him Harold.
If you don't want it to look like garbage, you'll need to just pull down the headliner backing board, and re-cover it with a fabric of your choice. I use super77 adhesive.
Old fashioned. Eat the crinkly outside bits first, and the butthole looking center last.
When your thumbs are your steering stop. 😋 Looks good dude. Gonna keep the rust?
That's awesome! Best. Couple's. Project. Ever. Look forward to seeing your progress.
I don't dig that she's already trying to push you past what you agreed to. Almost guarantee they will try to pressure you to strip once the scene starts. Have you discussed your limits? Safe words? Are you normally part of their dynamic? I dunno. Maybe I'm being paranoid, but it all seems off to me.
Yep. I have both at home. Haha
So change into normal pants when you get there, or just get some that fit over your normal pants. I don't understand why people seem to think you have to walk around in your gear all day. Guarantee there is at least one teacher who will let you stow your gear in their classroom or office so you won't even need to carry it around.
This is pretty normal anywhere that gets triple digits. There are even products you can buy that are little shoes for your kickstand to it won't do this.
I went from 225 lbs, to 145 lbs. in a pretty short time. My little 500 feels like a completely different bike. Cheapest performance mod a person can do is put down the fork. 😋
Don't forget the $5 can of red spray paint! They spared **no** expense.
Will it go all the way when you use the CH?
Then I'd start at your gas system. Adj. gas block?
Ok. I had the exact same problem. In my case, it was because the bolt that holds the stock at the end of the buffer tube was too long.
Checkout r/caferacers
Inflate to spec with tires cold. This will put you at the correct pressure once they're warmed up. If you inflate when they're hot, you'll be under pressure when they cool off.
Excellent. Glad you found yourself a solution. 👍
Sweet! Glad I could help.
Thanks dude! 🙂
It is... interesting. Absolutely amazing and weird and funny, and adjective, adjective, adjective. For me, it is so far removed from sober sex that it's an entirely new experience. Not "better" in any sense. Just really interestingly different.
Crazy. I was just guessing from the (relatively) narrow tires and the snorkel. I see the beadlocks now though. Is droop is more important than tuck for crawling? Any videos of this rig running?
This is awesome! Do you have a little story in your head to explain everything that's happening?
Um... Can someone explain to me how this isn't date rape?! OP, you need to remove yourself from this person and really consider talking to a therapist. Even if you think you're totally fine and can work it out on your own, this kind of experience can have devastating and long-lasting effects on even the most strong-willed folks.
Holy crap, that's so freaking cool!!
Late '80s/early '90s. I had an 82. Got 12mpg but was totally worth it.
It sucks. Prices have skyrocketed on these trucks. I've been looking too. Haha
"I am Jack's complete and utter lack of surprise. "
That's your intake. It should connect to the airbox on one end and onto a little funnelish bit in the front.
All these comments are useless if y'all don't say what engine and transmission you have. 2.4 auto here: currently averaging 20mpg with majority in-town driving on big heavy tires.
No hose clamps. The parts just sort of twist together.
Nice!
It's the new "I don't have a filter" cringe. A lot of dgaf people really need a guide on *when* to give a fuck.
Take it back to the dealer. I don't think it's even legal for them to sell it with undisclosed damaged safety equipment.
Nope. They changed that about a decade ago. No lawful open carry options in CA. But that's being used in court to try to make us a shall-issue state, so there is *some* hope.
Ah, the old redd... nope. Not going down that rabbit hole.
Hoglettes always remind me of little caterpillars
It's not a matter of a person's conveniently intangible "maturity level". It's an inequity of life experience. We're talking about someone who, more than likely, still lives with their parents. They're still defining who they are as a person. Age gaps can be fine between two adults. But an 18 year old just plain isn't an adult. But that's just, like, my opinion man. And you're totally entitled to yours. 🙂
Those will fit fine.
No hands on with that hand guard here, but I'd imagine that's supposed to not touch.
You'll need the wheel offset and tire sidewall ratio to determine fit with non-factory wheels.
Holy crap that's a big tent!
And now your visor is scratched to shit.
No, not from rubber. But yes, from the dirt and grime on the sponge side which is what the guy was furiously scrubbing his visor with.
That sponge-mesh material is coated in dirt and grime that very much does scratch any and all helmet visors. Ask me how I know..
One one hand, I'm kinda bummed because I have a sketch of something similar I've been planning to build for years. On the other hand, those sound kinda terrible so I'm glad I didn't get around to it yet. I have a feeling that the glass (or acrylic. whatever the clear material is) is the culprit of the timbre so I may still have a go with my design.
Huh. For some reason I always assumed it fired more than one barrel per revolution of the crank.
You can balance with just a cheap stand and a piece of chalk.
I get that just from bar vibration. I've developed a sort of hand yoga to get rid of the tingles while staying on the throttle.
I'm 99% sure you don't have CV carbs.
I have '78 pd64 carbs on my '76 project. They aren't CV. If you have 22a carbs, I might be willing to trade. 😁
Theft coverage was only $2.00 more per month for me. Might get a similar surprise if you call your insurance.
Ok, yeah. You're right in the range (or a little below) what the bike was probably designed around.
Weird, I was just thinking about these the other day trying to figure if it's pronounced "atl-atl" or "at-latl". Or some other way?
Omaha Orange Sport 4x4. Not a single regret. 😁
Central California here. Was 103 yesterday. I don't consider it "too hot" until around 106. Low triple digits feels nice to me.
Is it plumbed for blow-through? Anything special to get the carbs to play nice?
I think I'm missing more fairing screws than I actually have on the bike. He might end up with an annoying rattle, but that's about it.
Awesome! Any reason in particular you didn't go with an EFI system? (Since you had to swap the carbs out anyway)
Don't think they'll fit. Different shape.
Wtf are you trying to say??
Can I call him Steve? I'm gonna call him Steve.
Cars have the month too..
There are certain rules for RCs. I would just find your local MC chapter and ask. They're generally nice folks and will appreciate you being considerate.
Only for chains without o rings.
Sounds like a great reason to go for a ride. 🙂
Where is this magical place with shelves full of motorcycles?!
Damn. It's not easy to sing in character. Your son has some serious talent!
I was super worried about losing my grip when I shot a sawed off the first time. Turns out it was laughably manageable, which makes sense when you think about it. Most of the powder burns after it's left the barrel. Can launch ridiculous fire balls one handed all day. Kinda miss that goofy thing, but they're nowhere near worth the risk of getting caught with one in this state. Just silly range toys.
I don't think he's really hated by the majority. Honestly, I think it's kinda sad. Seems like he's thoroughly drank the koolaid. Sure, he's their talking head for internal stuff, but he's also a victim of a dangerous cult.
Thought about it a while back, but the money:fun ratio isn't quite there for me. It's close though! haha.
Youtibe spam account is spammy.
I almost got these for mine. Just wish they were more of a matte. Not a fan of the shiny.
Anytime someone is being a dick on the road, I just assume that they really *really* need to poop and go on with my life not giving them a second thought. Being angry takes too much effort with no reward. Why let people cursed with weak bowels ruin your day?
Damn. Reminds me of marching quads in that individually, non of the sounds seemed particularly interesting. But once he demonstrated everything in concert at the end, it was very pleasing.
The fuel economy is what killed the mt10 for me. Planning on either getting an mt09, or a z900 this year.
Which BT comm did you have, and why did you ditch it?
RCs would be more likely. Some of them are dirt cheap shipped straight from China.
Nice marimba!
Per weight, yes. But some of them have effective doses on the ug scale.
Conversely: I once rear ended an early '70s Cadillac in my '85 Nissan 300zx. No real damage to my Nissan, but the caddy crumpled all down the left side (I hit the left rear fin). I will never stop feeling bad about that. ☹
Shady people get shady prices. Look at cocaine. For years it was getting cut with a horse deworming drug. Didn't make any sense because the horse drug was far more expensive and difficult to obtain than any other common cutting agent. I don't think they ever figured out why it was being used.
Can we also take a hard look at that one guy that always pops up at every gun show who only seems to be interested in nazi shit?
Picture?
[reminds me of this bullshit I found the other day. ](http://imgur.com/gallery/UVdE8IK)
You're glossing over the fact that these are **state** endorsed flags and monuments. You are still perfectly free to fly a loser flag all you want. But others are free to form their own opinions about the guy who displays the most widely recognized symbol of racism and oppression in America. Just like any other personal right, things get fucky when the state goes down that road. Think about official state religions or media outlets..
Careful in the wet stuff. Factory fording depth is pretty low.
I don't use a bugnet. Woke up one night with a carpenter ant biting my tear duct. 😖 Ocassionally get a little spider bro snuggling with me, but they're pretty chill.
I just hope he's being honest. Candidates say a lot of things. I'll believe it when I see it.
Would my rent and expenses be the same?
If you're on a strict budget, meat isn't your best option to begin with. Edit: not diet-shaming. Lol. Just mildly suggesting taking a look at a more plant-focused diet. 🙂
People always say this, but I disagree. The fuel savings alone more than make up for maintenance. Then add waaaay cheaper insurance and moto wins hands down. And you can still add the savings of the purchase cost of a bike vs. a car.
Last fill up, I got 70 mpg on my 500. Was even better before I changed out the sprockets.
Checkout the Ion AirPro 2. More streamlined than a gopro and way cheaper. I've had mine for... I think 3 years now. Still going strong.
I definitely noticed other drivers behaving themselves more once I put a cam on my helmet. Won't help with careless assholes, but definitely helps with the ornery ones who are cognizant of their bullshittery.
