Well, I'm guessing Scotland would be more inclined to require tuition from students who come from EU countries that charge Scottish students tuition if it were legal to do so. What is Scotland supposed to do though under current law?
I guess if they valued consistency over fairness, that's an option. I think the point is "if our students have to pay in your country, your students should have to pay in ours," yet they're forced to ignore this "fair" approach outside of the UK due to EU law. I'm wondering though how long England would maintain charging 9,000 in tuition if Scotland offered free tuition to English students. Would that lead to a huge migration to Scottish universities, causing English universities to suffer? I'm an outsider, so I don't know the dynamics well enough. Are Scottish universities comparable to English ones?
I'm not actively going out of my way to insult the Bushes. However, I can't tolerate Bush apologia.
Wouldn't be reddit without sexualizing children!
/r/dogfree
Why? Because it points out the shitty behavior that "dog culture" fosters? Dog culture is the reason people will equate PETA to Nazism. It's the enlightened centrist's view of the animal kingdom, where pets' lives matter just as much as humans' lives do. A violent pitbull and an innocent baby? I can't tell the difference!
They hate dogs for no reason? I'm guessing you haven't actually spoken with anyone in that sub. I personally don't hate dogs. I enjoy playing with them like most people do. I just don't like how society humanizes dogs and treats them like infallible animals. When 66% of deaths-by-dog are caused by pitbulls, of course I am going to fear them over other breeds. Dogs are not like humans. We cannot understand what they are thinking, nor can we predict their actions. So I'm not going to give a pitbull on the sidewalk the benefit of the doubt just because people feel upset that I'm discriminating against their dog. Moreover, I mainly joined that sub because I got tired of comments like "I'd kill another person over my dog."
Porn auditions.
&gt; Looking down on people for loving their dogs more than strangers is just being moralizing asshole. No, it's called being a good human.
Well enjoy your animal that only loves you because you feed it and has the intelligence of a 2 year old while real people are suffering in the world. You can deflect by screaming "moralizing" all you want, but your attitude is shitty and reflects a common problem that modern society faces. Pets are great, but shouldn't be humanized or valued above human life. That's essentially dehumanizing strangers, which leads to the perpetuation of tribal mentality and a "fuck you, I got mine" attitude. &gt; and it's been proven, scientifically You can't "prove" such things through science. You can only observe and analyze the likelihood that your hypothesis is correct.
I don't hate dogs. I see them for what they are: decent pets.
Nope! I also do view human-human comparisons as equivalent to human-dog comparisons. Edit: Oh sweet Jesus, I meant "don't".
&gt; your moral system demands that you feed your pets to the homeless, because clearly they're more deserving of life Sounds fairly moral.
You're the one claiming that I value humans over dogs solely because of intellectual capacity, so you effectively destroyed an argument that you strawmanned. I value humans over dogs for many reasons, so your "what ifs" haven't really shaken the foundation of my beliefs. Intellectual capacity is just one way to differentiate the two species.
I was being sarcastic.
Oh shit, I just realized I made a typo [in this comment](https://old.reddit.com/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM/comments/a3kc9p/peta_is_literally_worse_than_nazis/eb8p73x/).
I've seen people with 130 page Civ Pro outlines.
Let's get this to the frontpage! For justice!
That sounds scary.
I guess since word counts were in examples of answers given in previous exams, he assumed we'd know. I always thought he had added those himself.
Examplify. Unfortunately all our answers were technically included under one "answer" on the software.
Yea, definitely no one to blame but me. Still annoyed though!
This explains a lot.
Fuck that title.
Simply amazing. Good job!
/r/enlightenedcentrism
What does grade inflation have to do with anything? You still need to be somewhat intelligent to be accepted, even if they inflate your grades once you're in.
How does one "invent" science?
&gt; Or did you just say yup because you liked the idea of it being like that? As is tradition on reddit. Whoever says "yup" or "nope" first in response to a question gets the first upvotes and then is perceived as the correct response.
This is getting juicy.
My Civ Pro policy question was worth 50% :(
How the fuck do you type that much in 1 hour 45 minutes. Damn, I shouldn't be reading this during finals. I was proud of my 5300 words in 4 hours.
Not really sure if I buy this theory. We can look to many previous Presidential impersonations that fall under the "third era" rather than the "second 'reconciliation' era", such as [Phil Hartman's impersonation of Reagan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5wfPlgKFh8).
&gt; “I am trying to keep her alive till 25. The oldest Staffie that has been reported was 24 so I am going to break that.” That's....a weird goal.
&gt; Corporations just replace the state Corporations by definition cannot exist without a state. It's a legal entity that's given immense powers under the law to influence our country's leadership and laws.
No worries!
&gt; I never said it was free Okay, but the Danish guy did.
This presumes that individuals would not be able to afford health insurance if 45% of their income were returned to them.
Probably skewed by Greenland. I thought Denmark was known as the happiest country in the world?
Godspeed.
Yea. Going to the best law school and don't have to worry about letter grades while doing it? The best deal!
No worries! Hit me up any time.
When I posted it, those comments fighting back were not upvoted. Also, the comment reached over 100 upvotes at its peak.
Imagine being such a pathetic piece of shit that this is your first reaction when you see this sculpture.
Albania is historically Muslim but it's not a very religious country.
There are white Muslim countries though...
&gt; Harvard is one of the most progressive places in the country No it's not. It's known as a fairly conservative institution as far as universities go.
Ideological labeling is one of the biggest roadblocks against humans taking the time to understand each other's beliefs.
/r/lawschooladmissions
&gt; Do you work in admissions? Do you even lift?
If Bernie runs too, neither will have a chance of nomination.
Yea, I don't understand the fuss. Seems more like dark humor than pedantry.
That's my biggest problem with people advocating for the government to pay off all student loans. I made responsible choices to attend schools that offered me the most financial aid, and thus sacrificed going to more prestigious schools that would have put me $150K+ in debt. So now if loans are forgiven, the person who yolo'd their education and decided to go to a better school at a higher cost is being further benefited while I'm being punished for being responsible. It renders all my frugal decisions meaningless.
I recognize that my view is somewhat selfish, though is it not also selfish to want taxpayers to bail you out for loans that you willingly accepted? It's not resentment either. It's just a feeling that there are trade-offs in every decision, and people should have to live with those trade-offs. A person who took out loans to go to a better school than mine on average will end up in a better position to achieve their dream career. They paid the premium for that, and should have to live with it.
&gt; but their God is also my God If you believe in the Trinity, then this is not true.
Except there isn't a wide scientific consensus that there are only two genders.
Eh, not buying it.
Why do the producers choose these types of dates where someone will inevitably get hurt?
I love that man.
I think it was a joke.
Why did Mike bring this up?
THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE ON BOTH SIDES
&gt; The only way to get the buzz back is if someone else can make a 20+ game run. The reason James' run was so popular is because it hadn't happened in so long. If a long run happens again so soon, I doubt it'd have much hype.
Yea, why the fuck would he intentionally throw away earning ~$750,000/week?
Yea, people starting at $200 and winning $15,000 per match is really interesting. /s
He was earning $750,000 per week of tapings. Why would he throw the game? He just had an off day.
I want to see real competitors though. Not just people fumbling around with "traditional" tactics. Yesterday's match was an example of a match I enjoyed, where all three competitors play with real strategy. I hope future games are like that, though I doubt it.
I don't want runaway games either. I want competitive games with good strategy.
It's only unpopular on insane sites like reddit, where apparently we should be celebrating this stuff.
Yea, what law school is this?
She harms all of us by voting for Trump.
Every vote toward Trump legitimizes his Presidency. I don't care whether a Trump voter is healthy as a horse or a cancer patient; both equally deserve criticism. Good on Ken for sticking to his beliefs and not resorting to "civility" to appease centrists.
Enjoy defending Trump voters, enlightened centrist. Go vote for Biden or something.
My money is on him winning, unfortunately.
No one's ever really gone.
To think I could have gone to school with this guy...IF LEHIGH HADN'T REJECTED ME.
&gt; Kamala as Attorney General. Uh.
&gt; She supports Israel Which Democrat candidates don't? I'll automatically give them my support.
I don't want our taxpayer money funding genocide.
I get that, but I am at a high-ranked school that I'm pretty sure does not have a 3.4 median (our median technically isn't public info but 3.41 is approximately Top 30%). Just blows my mind that there's a school that has its median at my school's Top 30%.
It's still a problem if some do.
Because racists believe stereotypes, and it's a stereotype that black people drive certain types of cars. It's not that difficult. OP isn't saying that he personally believes the stereotype, but rather that the cops did.
Damn, didn't know that. Now I'm excited for him.
John Paul Noooooeeeesssss
I hope he comes back during the final episode on his unicycle and rides off with Hannah into the sunset.
What?
He's treating this like a job interview.
Oh no...
Yea, I agree. He's gonna get a pity rose and last a couple more episodes.
God that's priceless. Glad to see them getting along without drama BS.
Okay that's actually disrespectful to the church...
Maybe I'm not remembering correctly, but didn't they try to make Jordan be somewhat of a villain?
&gt; Cause you know they’re hurting inside and have to keep upping their bravado to not crumble. Poor Chad...
The East River Park and Carl Schurz Park exist. I don't think the answer is tearing down FDR Drive as much as it is building over the drive or on the other side of it. Why disrupt a major roadway? You point out that we got rid of the West Side Elevated Highway, but that was replaced with the West Side Highway.
&gt; but having that sort of experience on the east river would be a great improvement in my opinion I agree!
WWTBAM was great though in its early years, especially when smart contestants were on. I actually liked the drama of watching a contestant struggle through a $500,000 question and the anxiety-inducing silence between the moment the contestant gave their final answer and Regis/Meredith revealing the correct answer.
Did they edit it to only 5 minutes?
&gt; There is absolutely nothing wrong with being a garbage man, you classist pigs. Who are you even talking to?
GROSS.
Tyler C looks so out of it lol.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS
It's like when that one dude last season was obsessed with getting Jordan sent home.
Yea, they're making me feel bad for him.
Thank you for that rousing speech, Tyler C.
Hey, he's a reality show host, not a therapist.
I hope so.
This is so fucking boring. What the fuck.
Did they run out of shit to put in the two hour episode?
Is this going to the rest of the episode? Need to know if I can change the channel.
Really? Makes me angry. Like what shitty dog owner allows that to happen?
I mean, I'd be weirded out if I found out she went naked bungee jumping with another man on the show.
The irony of this comment...
The only thing I miss about the DC Metro is how few people used it. Rarely did I ever encounter a completely packed train. However, I do not miss stopping at every stop! They need express trains...
Why are redditors so elitist about cruises?
I think this is a great idea. It'd be similar to the Purple Line currently being built in the DC Metro area.
When you believe in a higher power, man-made borders should be of no concern when it comes to labeling/helping people. I don't think God cares whether somebody was born within or outside my country's borders. We're all people.
I like the sentiment, but in my experience these types of churches can also be really annoying. I attended a Quaker meetinghouse for a couple years that presented itself similarly, and often the community seemed to be more concerned with politics than spirituality.
Why? What do you fear?
Am I wrong to think that the other guys have a right to being legitimately pissed off by this?
I don't know anymore.
There's no way this is a real Latvian tradition.
You can tell Peter is a good dude because the other guys are happy for him.
Garrett and Hannah went naked bungee jumping. They had a good time. No Tyler moments. Luke P hasn't done much yet.
Is Luke P the worst guy to ever be on the Bachelorette? At least the other "bad guys" (e.g. Chad) were entertaining.
God damn I really just want Luke P to go.
STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP STOP
Jed?
What if that woman came in and started singing again?
Did Hans Zimmer compose this score?
I'm guessing they hang out a lot behind the scenes? Why else does she feel so strongly about him?
"And that's all I have to say about that."
Did anyone NOT see this coming? Dylan and Dustin were clearly not on the same level.
I literally didn't know Dustin's name until now.
Why do you think these people are fleeing to the U.S.?
Do you have a serious answer?
Commenting to be a part of Reddit history.
I won't praise it, but I'll celebrate it.
Inb4 John Delaney says "Hola!"
No, a court won't go for this argument even if it's technically correct.
This shouldn't be a surprise, given the Supreme Court literally ruled this way 15 years ago.
Do you mean Columbia more generally? I obviously don't have too much perspective since I haven't started to work yet, but I felt like the law school prepared me fairly well for my 1L internship. Naturally, much of what you learn in law school classes won't be too practical for practice afterwards, but I think this is common among most law schools. The most valuable class you'll take 1L year when it comes to gaining practical knowledge is your Legal Practice Workshop, and I was fortunate enough to have an amazing professor for this. Unfortunately, students' experiences vary based on the professor. I will say that I definitely felt much more prepared to take on legal research and writing tasks at my 1L internship this summer compared to some of the other interns who came from HYS schools. One even admitted to me that they knew next to nothing about civil procedure (not trying to throw them under a bus, but it's just what I've experienced). I imagine this could be because many students at those schools are more concerned with going into legal academia than actually practicing after law school. So I guess what I'm trying to say is I feel like Columbia Law strikes a good balance in ensuring that, despite being a very prestigious academic institution, students will come away with practical knowledge. Not to mention that being in the city provides you with opportunities to extern at a variety of organizations, which you might not be able to do at other schools (as I'm sure you'd know as a native New Yorker). Sorry if this was a rambling answer.
I think it's been practically an essential part of my positive law school experience. I'm in the general grad student housing (UAH), not law school housing, which I chose because UAH is much cheaper than law school housing. I pay $1,500/month for a 350 square foot studio 10 minutes away from the law school, which is insanely below market rate. Most couples will typically be given a studio rather than a one bedroom (which are reserved mainly for couples with children), which kind of sucks, but that's just city living. One thing I really like about UAH housing is that the buildings all feel like you're living in just regular apartments like real adults, haha. I was worried it would feel like living in a dorm, but I often forget that Columbia owns my building. Your partner will have their own keys, and will be able to come and go as they please (which sounds basic, but I think it's important to know). The biggest downside to living on campus is that you're offered an apartment at random based off your preferences, and if you really don't like what you've been offered, you either have to begrudgingly accept it or reject it and hope that there's still an open apartment for you; in other words, housing is only guaranteed if you accept the first thing you're offered. I fortunately liked what was offered to me, but this isn't always the case for everybody.
&gt; Those who live in campus housing seem to be subjected to dorm style living (think vinyl twin mattresses) and are paying similar or often even more than I do. Did they change something this past year? My UAH apartment came completely unfurnished, and my spouse and I got to decorate everything as we wanted. I honestly have never felt like I've lived in a dorm; my apartment just feels like a regular NYC apartment. Based on my personal experiences, I'd definitely recommend living on campus rather than off campus, but this equation would have changed if I weren't able to furnish my apartment.
Who knows? I'm in UAH, not law school housing. My building only has like nine apartments, which I think has grad students from a variety of schools and even some professors. I would hate having to use Columbia furniture!
Gonna copy a response I gave to a similar question: &gt; I think it's been practically an essential part of my positive law school experience. I'm in the general grad student housing (UAH), not law school housing, which I chose because UAH is much cheaper than law school housing. I pay $1,500/month for a 350 square foot studio 10 minutes away from the law school, which is insanely below market rate. Most couples will typically be given a studio rather than a one bedroom (which are reserved mainly for couples with children), which kind of sucks, but that's just city living. One thing I really like about UAH housing is that the buildings all feel like you're living in just regular apartments like real adults, haha. I was worried it would feel like living in a dorm, but I often forget that Columbia owns my building. Your partner will have their own keys, and will be able to come and go as they please (which sounds basic, but I think it's important to know). &gt; The biggest downside to living on campus is that you're offered an apartment at random based off your preferences, and if you really don't like what you've been offered, you either have to begrudgingly accept it or reject it and hope that there's still an open apartment for you; in other words, housing is only guaranteed if you accept the first thing you're offered. I fortunately liked what was offered to me, but this isn't always the case for everybody.
3.81/176
Because I saw no good reason to turn down a full-tuition scholarship to Columbia to attend Harvard. Yale waitlisted me. Didn't apply to Stanford. For more information on my thinking, I'll direct you to [this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/lawschooladmissions/comments/ei7ikn/columbia_2l_ama/fco1h45/)
ok bourgie
I remember giving mine up on my 3rd birthday.
Don't go to NYU if you have to pay full cost.
&gt; 19th: Wayne Messam /r/waynegang still weeps
&gt; Even Hillary Clinton called her out on Tulsi's Russia connections. Yea, which was an absolutely baseless claim. Clinton only "called Tulsi out" because she blames everyone but herself for her 2016 loss. If she's not whining about Russian interference, she's throwing Bernie and other progressives under the bus. Can you demonstrate an iota of solid evidence that Tulsi is a Russian puppet? Edit: So where's the evidence?
Does it matter?
Eminent domain shouldn't be used.
I'm pretty certain almost every Democrat in Congress is criticizing Trump for it. There's nothing unique about Omar's criticism.
&gt; First time Im seeing this suggestion Consider yourself blessed then.
Thank you for the laugh.
Reddit leftists now hate Tulsi and buy into the conspiracy that she's a Russian asset, so anything positive about her will be downvoted.
&gt; Pretty great upbringing actually *if you're male
Isn't it fair to say though that Amish society is strongly and openly patriarchal?
Not compatible with anarchism.
Unfortunately few will listen to us now.
Fuck these creeps downvoting you. Convincing someone to have sex with you under false pretenses *is* rape. What does consensual sex require? Consent. Is a woman truly giving consent when her decision to have sex with you is influenced by lies and deception? No.
I'm legitimately frightened that many of these r/Tinder redditors are going to feel encouraged to lie to women to have sex with them.
Hmmm...thread's already downvoted. But we're the brigaders?
No, you're just in denial.
This is all context specific, so I'm not going to answer your question based on two sentences of information.
If you wouldn't have had sex with her otherwise, then it's rape by deception, since she used lies to manipulate you to consent to sex. However, most states require use of force for actual prosecution of rape, so going to the police likely wouldn't amount to anything (though I think New Jersey has some pretty progressive laws on this matter).
&gt; It's good they require that. Actually, it's not good to require use of force. The sole two requirements for rape should be (1) that one party did not consent, and (2) the other party knew or should have known that the former party did not consent. Requiring use of force creates an insurmountable barrier in many instances of clear rape. For instance, there was a case where a woman was repeatedly telling a man having sex with her to stop and get off. But because the man was so large compared to the woman, he was able to stay on top of her and continue having sex with her without using any force. The court actually acquitted this man because of this. So when you say you're okay with a "use of force" requirement, you're saying that you're okay with rapists getting away with it because they were so strong or intimidating that no real force was needed to commit the rape.
It's rape by deception if the man wouldn't have had sex with her if he knew she wasn't all natural. Nice try at a "gotcha" question, but I'm fully consistent in my belief on this.
Do you understand that if sex is done without consent, it is rape? Do you understand that lying to someone to get them to have sex with you means that you haven't truly gotten consent from them? Put these two together, and...
Unquestionably, the onset could very plausibly be strenuous; however, one cannot predict with total accuracy the outcome.
Some people have a fetish where they like taking other people's virginity.
&gt; Hated the people in general Fuck you too, pal!
&gt; Rape has a specific definition that is not met by these circumstances. What's this "specific definition" to which you're referring and why does nonconsensual sex not fall under it?
There is no real consent though if Person A would not have had sex with Person B but for the lie that Person B told. Like, if someone promised to pay me $500 if I had sex with them but then failed to pay me afterwards, and the only reason I had sex with them was because they offered me $500, then there was no consent, because I did not consent to having sex for free. Similarly, if someone for some reason only had sex with you because you told them you were a virgin, when in reality you're not a virgin, then that's not real consent. Consent doesn't exist in a vacuum; the reasoning behind it matters. I would also like to point out that "deception" is literally in the definition you cited: &gt; unlawful sexual activity and usually sexual intercourse carried out forcibly or under threat of injury against a person's will or with a person who is beneath a certain age or incapable of valid consent because of mental illness, mental deficiency, intoxication, unconsciousness, or **deception**
Well if we're talking about what's criminal, then of course I agree and acknowledge that rape by deception cannot be prosecuted in the United States. However, I don't really put much weight in the criminal justice system's definition of rape. Until recently, rape victims used to have to prove that they fought back physically against their rapist for the court to actually convict the rapist of rape.
No, it doesn't. However, if they said "I'm cis" before having sex, it'd be deception. But if they don't comment on it, and their sexual partner doesn't, then it can't be deception.
&gt; Passing or being "stealth" is equivalent to saying "I'm cis" No it's not. You don't have a duty to tell every potential sexual partner that you're trans. If anything, it should be completely obvious anyways once you're both naked. If the other person didn't make it clear that they'd only have sex with a cisperson, then you haven't deceived them.
They never said they approved of people spending all their free time watching movies or television.
I don't know. I play video games a few hours a week, and enjoy them, but I don't see anything controversial in saying that some pursuits are more worthwhile than others. If someone's spending every hour of their free time on gaming, I'd suggest they maybe diversify their time more.
Did you even read the article? That was an instance of a woman explicitly claiming to be a man, which is deception. A transwoman who is silent isn't claiming to be anything. Furthermore, if a transwoman says "I'm a woman," they aren't being deceptive; they'll telling the truth. If the difference between a woman being trans and cis is so important to someone seeking a sexual partner, they should ask beforehand.
Honestly, I usually hate Ricky Gervais, but damn this is great.
What was with Kate? Wtf
Because he's a fucking war criminal.
She looked so uncomfortable and angry.
Who's the tall, lanky kid directing everyone?
Play in bike traffic.
If this subreddit's mods banned you, would you begin supporting Warren?
My subreddit? I don't support Bernie lol.
You should be voting for the policies the candidates supports, not the candidate's base.
Stopped reading at "Berniebro." ...wait a second.
That's dumb as fuck enlightened centrist shit. Enjoy supporting oppressive policies just because they make people feel better. That type of mentality is how we entered the Afghan War.
That's a fair point, though I'll say the standard is typically "known or should have known." And in my mind, if someone's lying to another person to get that person to have sex with them, there's a good chance they knew or should have knew that their lie is what induced "consent."
&gt; and still have a lot of conservative ideologies This explains a lot.
Do you understand what international law is? It's composed of treaties, customary international law, and general principles. There's no "who." It's just the international law.
No. I'd encourage you to actually study international law a bit before arriving at such pessimistic conclusions. As Professor Louis Henkin said, "Almost all nations observe almost all principles of international law and almost all of their obligations almost all of the time." For instance, you can thank the general principle of proportionality for [Iran's decision](https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2020/01/08/world/middleeast/08reuters-iraq-security-iran-defence-response.html) to not directly harm Americans yesterday in its missile attack.
[insert four word rebuttal]
Yea, I don't get the second part. Oh wow, a model posed naked for a photoshoot? Say it ain't so!
That was so unexpected that I laughed like an idiot at it.
/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
What kind of stupid fucking r/AskReddit question is this? What meaningful answers are you expecting? Everyone's just gonna say "seems like a good idea" because that's the obvious answer. God, this subreddit blows. Can we ban "questions" that are really just people trying to propagate their ideas in the form of a question?
I got the Hamilton and I had 3.81/176. You can't negotiate it. Feel free to PM me if you have any questions about it or Columbia!
Rand Paul is nothing like his father.
Some people at my school didn't get certain grades posted until March. Professor don't give a shit.
&gt; Given that there's over 350 applicants for law professor jobs each year, and only ~80 available spots And it should be stressed that almost all of those 350 applicants are highly, highly qualified. Even if you publish a lot and have a PhD, some of it all comes down to luck. Whether the right schools have the right openings, whether faculty likes you as a person, etc.
I want to dispell a couple myths: First, you don't need to go to HYS/Chicago to have a shot at becoming a law professor. If you look at the hiring numbers from 2018 I believe, Columbia/NYU tied for second, behind Yale, in numbers of alum hired as law professors. Second, you don't need a PhD to become a law professor. However, the PhD helps because it gives you time and an excuse to focus solely on writing and publishing for a few years, and helps you build strong relationships with professors who can recommend you later on. That being said, if you are able to find the time and resources to publish some articles while doing other things, you should not be at a disadvantage simply for lacking a PhD.
&gt; But you can’t take away people’s rights to do it. You can't take away people's right to kill someone with a gun?
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter during 9/11.
People who are allegedly against authoritarianism but don't care enough about social issues to be anarchist.
It's an unpopular opinion but I agree with you. Revenge of the Sith is so fucking boring. It's just 2 hours of people either sitting on couches or having ridiculously long, choreographed lightsaber dance battles.
Yea, there's probably overlap, but I wouldn't say it'd be much. Also, many fans of the show are women, whereas I don't think there are female incels lol. The fandom as a whole is very inclusive.
I don't think you know the community that well. Which is fine, because it's an odd one. But there's definitely not much of a misogynistic vibe in it.
&gt; There are very much female incels. What's their angle?
It's clearly a joke question, and should be removed.
Mulholland Drive?
What does that have anything to do with how lovely it was?
I bet you don't use race as an excuse for why so many predominantly white Midwest/Appalachia cities are overrun with drugs and crimes.
First, FBI crime statistics show arrest rate, not crime rate. For instance, black and white people use marijuana at similar rates but black people are 4x more likely to be arrested for it. So what the FBI crime statistics don't show on its surface level is the bias that feeds into disproportionate arrest rates. You can deny this all you want, but facts don't care about your feelings. Second, you're claiming that Detroit becoming majority black is what caused it to turn into a bad city, which is clearly flawed thinking. Sure, many crime ridden neighborhoods are predominantly black, but that has nothing to do with any innate characteristics of black people; you're ignoring historical context for why this happened, largely being that white people had the means to flee dying cities/neighborhoods whereas black people didn't due to having less income on average. Moreover, as I stated earlier, plenty of predominantly white cities have turned into meth/heroin ridden shitholes. So why is race only a factor to you when the bad city/neighborhood is predominantly black, rather than white?
Who's denying facts now? You have a choice: You can continue to assign blame based on surface level observations, or you can choose to actually critically think about these issues. I don't expect you to do the latter any time soon, but I hope you do eventually.
Is this a real scene? Looks horrendous.
Imagine being this upset about someone criticizing the rich. Either you're rich yourself or are filled with delusions that any honest hardworking person can become rich.
How did Warren handle that well? She's fucking lying.
Seriously, people like my mom and grandma will eat this shit up.
Cause he barely talks.
It matters because you have one candidate (Warren) deliberately lying about the actions of another to score idpol points. It's bullshit. Also, this is a primary, so why shouldn't we be arguing over these issues? Now's the time to pick a nominee. Once a nominee is picked, that's when we unite.
Probably Bloomberg lol.
I think the new one looks handsome.
How is she inexperienced/unqualified?
I'm not going to continue this discussion if you're going to behave disrespectfully.
Do you have a source for that? Last I checked he polled at around 1% among black voters.
I live in a safe blue state, so honestly if the Dems nominate a terrible candidate like Biden then I'm just gonna sit this one out. I don't care how much that upsets the Dems who constantly cry for unity. It's not like my vote makes any difference anyways and I'd rather not voting for a candidate who I believe will be a terrible President. If I lived in a swing state, I'd be singing a different tune, of course.
Don't expect a Buttigieg supporter to have such self-awareness.
If you're advocating for not allowing certain types of people to reproduce, you're advocating for eugenics.
I'm not a "taxation is theft" person, but the Constitution's words don't exactly counter their argument. Just because the government says its actions are permissible doesn't mean that those actions are moral.
I refuse to accept that there are no intrinsic rights. That implies you need government for rights to be exercised, which seems like a disturbing way to view to world. Surely you at the very least have an internal and personal perception of what rights people should and shouldn't have; and surely certain government actions seem immoral to you. Like I'm sure you'd personally be uncomfortable with a foreign government killing anybody who criticizes it's leaders (if not, then correct me because I don't want to strawman). And if so, then why? Why do you view those actions as wrong if governments are the ones defining the rights?
I'm not saying that's my personal belief. I'm just correcting the logic behind the OP comment's argument.
Wait, what about Columbia? I'm out of the loop.
That's awful! Just read the article now, and apparently Columbia attempted to suppress this information.
Okay but Singapore is actually a police state that constantly abuses human rights.
Yes. They're making profit off the labor of others while contributing minimally to the company.
"Everyone besides me is so dumb."
Say that you got all A+'s.
That first one is pretentious as fuck.
Not even just cops. Also regular conservatives and liberals who think that people who complain about income inequality are just lazy whiners who don't work. They've been deluded into thinking that people can honestly earn over a billion dollars with just a little hard work.
Jealous? I'm not jealous. I'm concerned. Why should I be jealous of having an ungodly amount of money? Like, I keep thinking about how much money $1 billion is and I have to wonder why people even need to earn more money beyond that first billion. What could you possibly need that money for? Meanwhile, there's people who die every day from a lack of food or medical care who could have easily been saved by a few dollars.
It's still wealth that they own. What's your actual point? If someone has like $10,000 in liquid cash and $1 billion in assets, am I supposed to view him as an Average Joe?
Oh shut the fuck up and go back to your miserable childfree subreddit.
Creating low-paying jobs helps the economy how? How is my hometown's economy benefiting from thousands of shitty warehouse jobs?
I'm jealous because I want people in need to be helped?
Given that Amazon workers' median pay is [around $30,000](https://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-amazon-median-pay-20180419-story.html), I'd say the amount of six figure jobs being created is dwarfed by the amount of low-paying jobs.
If an Amazon warehouse worker asked for a livable wage, they'd be fired and quickly replaced like a cog in the machine. There's an insane disparity in power. Don't pretend otherwise.
&gt; Capitalism is beautiful because it allows mobility between classes. Yea, the constant threat of falling into or staying in the lower class while certain individuals have a net worth quite literally 1,000,000x your own is so beautiful. It's so beautiful when someone dies because they can't afford medical care while some miserly dickhead collects another billion. /s
How come this is trashy, but when some guy shredded apart climate protesters' signs, Reddit lauded him as a hero? It's almost as if Reddit is sexist? Hmmm...
Coastal elites aren't the ones who are progressive. The progressive movement largely stems from unions.
Why glorify a racist colonialist like Teddy Roosevelt?
Union workers are actually very pro-immigration compared to nonunionized workers. Union households voted for Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump 51-43.
Columbia: Submit whenever the fuck you want, apparently. One professor I had last semester apparently didn't submit their Fall 2018 grades until April, so I don't anticipate receiving a grade any time soon.
But see, the professor is *super important* in their field, and so it's excusable. /s
Are these people actually convinced that they're among a few special snowflakes who believe this garbage, or is it just an act?
This take is much more accurate.
I fucking hate the NYC government.
I've met many anprims who unfortunately support, or at the very least condone, gender roles (i.e. women should be the ones staying at home to take care of the children while the man goes out and provides). It's honestly turned me off entirely from the ideology. I feel like anprimism attracts a lot of biotruthers.
[Post history checks out.](https://i.imgur.com/MKzTYw1.png) inb4 but it was just a joke!!!
"Discussing marginalized groups makes me uncomfortable."
You're actually a white supremacist. ["Nogs are far more violent than humans."](https://www.reddit.com/r/multiculturalcancer/comments/eawrrg/canada_migrant_steals_kids_christmas_gift/fbag67v/) Are you the type of person anarcho-primitivism attracts, or are you just lost garbage? I seriously don't get this ideological community.
Anarchism is a leftist ideology. Sorry this comes as a surprise to you. I hope you become more educated in the future. :)
I want to be as fair as possible to anarcho-primitivism, but when this subreddit appears to condone, or ignore, fascist behavior, it's hard to do so.
Any alternative Reddit communities? I just unsubbed from here.
Gender roles are an invention of modern civilization. Whatever you're perceiving to be "natural" roles for men or women were likely established after the Middle Ages, most likely even after the Industrial Revolution. I'm not saying things were more egalitarian before then, but men and women shared labor; they couldn't afford not to. Like, it's because of modern technology and economic development that families were able to survive with just the man going to work.
People do whatever labor is needed, and division is based on a mixture of people's skills and desires.
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
Hey, congratulations! I'm a 2L at Columbia and a Hamilton Fellow. If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. :)
People act like Bill Clinton had an amazing comeback because he got like 2% in Iowa, but Tom Harkin (the winner of Iowa that year) was literally from Iowa, so of course he was going to mop up most of the votes.
Maybe I'm in the minority but I hate when professors try so hard to show how "quirky" they are. Just teach the class, please...
Don't be too impressed by people who went to NYU for undergrad. I say this as an alum.
No problem!
&gt; but it definitely requires a lack of intelligence to actually believe and worship a story written by various people throughout time Requires? Literally no intelligent people are religious?
It's a lot of subscribers' first primary, I'm guessing. I don't say this pejoratively, but I remember being 18 and thinking Ron Paul could win it all.
2012
LMFAO. I doubt you know anything about science beyond a surface level understanding you can find on *I Fucking Love Science*. Also, asking for someone's IQ is just socially inept. I guess Darwinism has failed you too, because you seem to be bad at making acquaintances, which is key for reproduction and survival for humans.
Terry Crews saying in an interview that *Idiocracy* is prophetic does not prove anything. That's a man's opinion.
NACHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You have your opinion on this kind of stuff and I have mine.
Brownies? Where?
I think you need to get your brain fixed.
"Trailer trash" is a bit of a classist term, in my opinion.
Never forgive, never forget.
I'm willing to bet even if such an amendment miraculously passed, a certain 5 justices on the Supreme Court would read its language to just allow what's already allowed. They aren't textualists. They're conservatives on a mission, and they'll employ as much mental gymnastics as necessary to allow money to continue to corrupt our political system.
I go to the movies maybe like once per year at best. I can't stand them anymore. There's always people on their cell phones now, and always people talking around me. I went recently to see The Rise of Skywalker, and deliberately chose to go at 10:30AM on a weekday to avoid as much of this as possible. Was actually a very nice experience, but I still ended up paying an obscene amount of money for tickets, which I'm not cool with.
Shit, this was a **real** experience? I thought you were just exaggerating til the ending.
Delaney Dudes weep.
Democracy dies when billionaires own our major media outlets.
The irony of these riots is they actually may cause more state leaders to push for reopening since it'd likely be a huge distraction and ease tensions. So really, the left is accomplishing what the right largely could not.
This is the worst Star Wars opening crawl I have ever read.
The protestors are pretty young on average so I doubt much hospitalization will occur.
Yea, I don't get why so many people think they're gonna get on my good side by saying they're a liberal at the beginning of their comment. Like okay? Liberals suck!
Yea, I don't doubt the curfew would meet strict scrutiny. The real question is: Is strict scrutiny truly legitimate? Or is it a tool crafted by the Court to give them leeway to declare certain oppressive government actions as being constitutional? Let's not forget Korematsu was decided under an early application of strict scrutiny. To me, it's always seemed like a bogus standard crafted out of thin air by Justice Stone and his clerks in the 1930s.
&gt; I find purely academic conversations like this pretty boring I don't blame you lol.
This is literally just a bunch of platitudes and name drops.
&gt; That's a big accomplishment in today's world. My point is that it's a shame the bar is so low.
I really don't blame you. I'm telling all my family in swing states to vote for Biden. It's just a shame he's going to be our nominee.
I don't blame you!
Not a centrist!
I'll take the 4 years of Biden purely as a means of harm reduction, but I have no illusions about any true structural reform occurring under his administration.
Imagine missing the entire point of my comment. I literally never said they'd be exactly the same.
&gt; Youre just pissed your candidate didn't win This is wrong. It has **never** been about the candidate, and this is what a lot of people fail to understand. I didn't support Bernie because I liked Bernie. I supported him because of the policies and changes he sought to enact. So I'm not pissed that "my candidate" didn't win. I'm pissed that I now have to endure another 4 years of millions of Americans continuing to live in abject poverty, hundreds of thousands dying because they can't afford their medical bills, the further destruction of labor rights, the criminalization of drug use, closed borders, and hawkish foreign policy. Sure, you can say 4 years under Biden would be better than 4 years under Trump, and I'd agree with you. But no **major** changes are going to occur. And yea, it's fair to say that a candidate like Bernie would not have realistically been able to accomplish much either given the presence of Republicans and centrist Democrats in Congress, and the 5-4 conservative Supreme Court. But damn, at least he'd be *trying* to fix our society in meaningful ways.
I formed most of my close law school friendships through law review, and honestly spent most of my time outside of my apartment at my law review's building.
My wife and I applied for our absentee ballots on the same day. Yesterday, she received hers. Meanwhile, I've yet to receive mine. Ugh...
Thanks for encouraging me to go outside tonight!
Capitalists are not innocent.
That's why they're cops.
Just because his replacement is also bad doesn't mean I'm not gonna enjoy this moment.
I don't think he was justifying it.
/u/nocendi might be too old to know how to work theirs.
&gt; Trump will win Not that I care that much either way, but Biden is rising in the polls because of all this shit. Trump looks weak right now because he's bungling everything.
That's only if you've received zero scholarships.
I fucking hate that they'll likely be disbarred for this. The legal profession rewards people for being good little liberals/conservatives, and shuns those who practice and preach leftism. It's cancerous, and I hate being a part of it.
Yes. People don't get disbarred for investing in fossil fuel industries, do they? Or for voting in warhawks as President?
Black people don't choose to be black. Cops choose to be cops.
Got a new link?
&gt; Clinton + Bush + Obama were all hawks. How many thousand remote control robot dropped bombs did Obama drop on people in the Middle East? What is your point here? People always say "but what about Obama?" Have you considered that I fucking hated Obama? Believe it or not, but leftists don't worship him lol. You're thinking of libs.
God damn, this profession truly scares people into becoming cowardly, do-nothing libs. And that's not a personal dig at you, OP. It's just twisted that we need to worry about this shit. Fuck the bar.
I didn't vote for Clinton, specifically because of her foreign policy. But nice attempt at a "gotcha." As far as fossil fuels go, investing in them is an act that deliberately supports their continued usage in a way that living a normal life does not. Your argument is basically [this comic.](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/ogRs2) Weak.
I lost enough on ZM puts to realize it's never worth it.
Went Theta Gang on April 27th. Up over 17% since one month ago (May 3rd). So many pennies!!! Anyways, if DAL drops tomorrow, gonna look to writing some more puts.
I'm no expert lol. I recommend the Theta Gang podcast if you haven't listened to it yet. The strategy just requires patience and accepting a max limit on potential gains, though ultimately it's been much less stressful than any other strategy I've used. My most profitable moves have been covered calls, since you can profit off any gains the stock makes as well as the premium on the calls you write. However, I've also made a decent amount writing puts on travel stock.
Get the fuck out of our subreddit.
Uh, I would love to actually experience law school...
Do you understand our Supreme Court is 5-4 conservative?
Meanwhile my law school is most likely remaining virtual in the fall...kill me.
Never underestimate the stupidity of people to keep throwing their money into the hype.
Cry more.
I'm gonna double down on DAL puts because why not? They barely cost anything.
Sold CCL for a 120% gain. Now gonna write a couple puts for a lower price and try to wheel.
So is Phase 1 still happening June 8th?
Yes please! For Americans' sake.
I swear our society has lost all sanity.
I'm a Columbia student who was accepted to Harvard and allow me to tell you from the bottom of my heart to go fuck yourself.
Depends what you're trying to do.
I hope you're a troll.
Some people at my school are begging for online classes next year that way they can continue to live with their parents rent-free. I'm in fucking law school. These people are supposedly adults.
I've been unable to protest because I'm quarantining before I see my severely ill mother-in-law next week. Feels bad but I try to do what I can to support from afar!
I hope you've actually spent considerable time in Vegas before you made this decision.
&gt; Imagine pretending like blacks didn't own and sell slaves Do we immortalize black slave traders in statues?
I didn't say "do we immortalize back people for being slave owners?" I said "do we immortalize black slave traders in statues?" I don't care about *why* they are immortalized.
Whitmer is governor of Michigan.
So, what do y'all plan on manufacturing today?
Could you imagine how upsetting and horrendous this would have been for the people being invaded? I know it was a long time ago, but I feel pretty bad for them...
I'm glad I was able to manufacture your morning today.
&gt; Most police killings are justified. Can I get a source for that claim?
&gt; I can't hug, kiss and hold hands with my fiancé You fell for the doomer bait. I'm sorry. Go kiss your fiancé please lol.
I'm also curious about the socioeconomic levels of attorneys' parents. I imagine a disproportionate amount of attorneys came from wealthy homes.
&gt; Oh, and for people to rationalize using it by saying "I use it to keep in touch with people and plan events". You have a better alternative, numbnuts?
Because I hate how smug redditors are about not using social media. It's fine if you don't like it, but it doesn't make you a better person.
They have to make up for lost time.
Oh, oops. Guess I shouldn't speak when I don't know the full story! Sorry Sean!
Hate to sound like the bad guy here, but I think it'd look pretty bad if you just quit your internship halfway through after committing to 10 weeks. I'm sorry to hear you're going through tough times, but would you quit your big law internship halfway through if a similar thing happened, or your first job after a few weeks? Quitting this internship could send off bad signals. That being said, perhaps try to ask your internship supervisor if it'd be possible to reduce your number of weeks from 10 to maybe 8 (which is typically the minimum for a 1L internship), given the circumstances. I don't mean to sound like a hardass, but I don't want to see you screwing yourself over. What you do during your 1L internship is moderately important when applying to big law, regardless of region, because firms will want to hear that you've done at least some legal work during your first summer.
&gt; Can't you get re-infected? I believe the most accurate answer is "most likely not."
I look forward to him peaking at 2% in the polls before dropping out after Iowa.
I attend a "prestigious" law school so shit like this is so common. Rich libs thinking they're lefties by engaging in idpol. I have so many infuriating stories to tell. A couple POC students I know who attend here, for instance, grew up in wealthy New England towns and attended private high schools. They plan on going into big corporate law, and justify it by saying they're helping "close the racial income gap." And yet they had the nerve to call me a typical privileged white person because I said I hoped to do public-interest legal work after graduating lol. I literally grew up in a household that had an annual income of $17,000. I can't stand this community sometimes.
Yea, I did read about that, thanks for posting it here! Regardless, the FB comment is stupid. Edit: Hey all! Some of you are upset that Grossman's cause of death actually remains inconclusive, and believe my post is misleading because of this. I totally get that! In all honesty, I was pretty angry and tired when I posted this. A wiser, more well-rested me now realizes I should have said "potentially died" rather than "literally died" in the post title. That being said, I swear to you I posted this in good faith. And my issue with the comment in the post remains largely the same: Doubting Grossman died in the protests because of an autopsy is one thing (and reasonable). Doubting she died in the protests because she's white is a whole other thing (stupidpol).
Great question! I actually received a full-tuition scholarship. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to attend. :)
&gt; because they had never met a combat veteran before Wow, my veteran friend at my school has gone through literally the same treatment! This is crazy to read lol.
I'm not annoyed inherently at her skepticism. I'm annoyed at her reason for being skeptical.
Not really. I posted this because the commenter's logic is fueled by idpol. That doesn't change even if Grossman's cause of death is inconclusive. Doubting she died in the protests because of an autopsy is one thing (and reasonable). Doubting she died in the protests because she's white is a whole other thing (stupidpol).
As I've already stated above: I posted this because the commenter's logic is fueled by idpol. That doesn't change even if Grossman's cause of death is inconclusive. Doubting she died in the protests because of an autopsy is one thing (and reasonable). Doubting she died in the protests because she's white is a whole other thing (stupidpol).
Hey all! Some of you are upset that Grossman's cause of death actually remains inconclusive, and believe my post is misleading because of this. I totally get that! In all honesty, I was pretty angry and tired when I posted this. A wiser, more well-rested me now realizes I should have said "potentially died" rather than "literally died" in the post title. That being said, I swear to you I posted this in good faith. And my issue with the comment in the post remains largely the same: Doubting Grossman died in the protests because of an autopsy is one thing (and reasonable). Doubting she died in the protests because she's white is a whole other thing (stupidpol).
Another time, I walked in on a conversation between a few friends/acquaintances. They were all trying to—once again—justify pursuing big corporate law as a career, and were telling each other that it's okay to do it because "everybody wants to be rich." Then, to prove their point, one person turned to me and asked, "you want to be rich, right?" I responded with, "eh, truthfully I just want to live comfortably" and right away some dickhead was like "such a white person response" and there was sort of a group laughter. I laughed along because I didn't want to come across as a sensitive bitch, but truthfully I cried walking home later that day because I thought about how hard my dad worked to provide his best for me, and how all I wanted in life was to not have to make all the sacrifices he made. I get the people who laughed didn't know this about me, and so they weren't purposefully laughing at my misfortune. It still stung though. One other not-so-much story, but the Democratic Primary was the worst. A lot of shit was pretty predictable—most students I know here supported either Warren or Buttigieg. There was a lot of "you're sexist if you support Bernie over Warren" attitudes. On Super Tuesday, people were genuinely celebrating Bernie's demise. And during the Biden-Bernie debate, I was in a Zoom meeting with some fellow students, and when Biden was speaking I said something along the lines of "I'm just listening to a racist, senile war criminal right now." Someone responded with "which one?" in a smug tone, as if Bernie and Biden were comparable in that way. Another one just kept bitching about how the Democratic Party's choice had been reduced to "two old white dudes." Just dumb shit like that. Unrelated to idpol, but the worst thing I've witnessed is one student here openly stating that the United States should be governed under an aristocracy. Pretty bad on its own, right? Well, what's worse is that this student literally works for the Democratic National Committee, and is one of the leaders of the New York County Democratic Committee.
This subreddit criticizes idpol from a **Marxist perspective**, not your shitty far-right perspective. Fuck off.
&gt; Like you’re fucking this up for the people with the right message, the one I agree with, lol. Wait, what did I do?
Oh shit, sorry lol. Just wanted to make sure I didn't say anything off-base. I'm new to criticizing idpol, so I'm unfamiliar with this community.
She shouldn't have had to worry about this in the first place...
&gt; if someone put up a statue of Bin Laden in NYC I think that would genuinely be funny.
This has already been addressed plenty in this thread.
You need to take a chill pill lol.
Maybe he's in a different time zone, frankie.
Twas a joke, frankie. Twas a joke.
I'm gonna get assigned so many shares on Friday lol.
My friend asked me if it's possible to average down even though 100% of his portfolio is already in options. Bruh.
I can't believe how many dumbfucks fell for this post lmao.
&gt; It's great that she has helped so many women by hiring them, but it also makes me wonder how many of those women came from a financially privileged background The wealthy liberal elite completely ignore class issues and focus solely on racism/sexism because it doesn't threaten their socioeconomic status and it makes them feel good.
How DARE you
Why do people focus on the traitors aspect? Who cares if they were traitors? The reason why we shouldn't memorialize the Confederacy is because it fought to defend slavery. Full stop. The "traitors" argument is uncomfortably nationalistic.
&gt; Benedict Arnold was also a traitor. Okay? But if someone were deemed a "traitor" for fighting for a righteous cause, would you still criticize them for being a traitor? Betraying the country isn't inherently wrong. What's wrong is defending and fighting for oppression (which is what the Confederacy did).
Am I talking to a wall?
Well then we better share their stories.
I didn't deny they were traitors. I'm saying who cares? &gt; See Cornerstone Speech and the declarations of secession. What about them?
I never denied that, so what's your point?
Do you think the intelligent of a university's students correlates with the intelligence of a university's administrators? I don't think so.
&gt; it was absolutely about admin My point is why wouldn't other schools' admins be "smart enough" to think there's gonna be another spike in the fall? That doesn't sound right. There must be another reason.
Shouldn't we strive to convince people to let go of their bigotry, though? I think there's a difference between cancel culture and openly disapproving of a hateful statement said by somebody. The former is unproductive, but the latter can certainly be productive and result in a healthier and more cooperative society. Of course, problems arise when this becomes the *only* thing we talk about (and that's idpol), but I don't think hate should just be ignored.
100%
And you're very sensitive lol.
Have you considered that not everybody wants to live around your pets?
Got assigned 100 shares of AAL at 17.5 and 100 shares of CCL at 20. Time to wheel those suckers.
Does any broker allow writing pure naked puts?
Okay, thanks for that useless information.
Glad we can both agree that people who stay home are selfish morons!
It's nice that you took a U.S. government class in 8th grade.
I got a haircut today and damn, it's kinda pathetic how much having long, unkempt hair had impacted my mental health.
No, I had to go to Pennsylvania for a week for a family matter, so I figured I might as well get my hair cut. They were only taking one appointment at a time and both of us were wearing masks.
I took off one loop at a time while holding my mask up to my face so they could cut around the ears.
Yea, and it literally took until TODAY for Title VII to protect LGBT individuals from employment discrimination.
Ah, yes, trading with emotions. An absolutely dynamite way to make money...
Bro, just go Theta Gang. I'm up almost 30% since starting on April 27.
&gt; that time she wore a burqa on the house floor I had to look this up because I thought you were exaggerating, and holy shit...
Where and how?
This is basically what people are saying when they say "read theory."
The media peddles these stories to distract the working class from economic injustice and class solidarity.
You can't sell naked options on RH, so I doubt it.
Wasn't this sub made specifically with the purpose of bitching about people who don't talk about class?
If a vaccine can't be made, are you planning on just cancelling society forever?
You're the one who wants to ruin people's lives over a mild inconvenience.
The way Saagar speaks can be dangerous because he reels listeners in with a very class-conscious narrative, which then results in said listeners rationalizing his conservative takes on things. I legitimately thought Saagar was a leftist for the first few weeks I listened to Rising.
Off topic, but it'd be pretty cool to be the direct descendant of the founder and Prophet of your religion.
&gt; among the ten cities of a million or more, it's the third-safest Meanwhile NYC has the lowest death by cop per capita of the 100 most populous cities in the country. I wonder what Mr. Brutality Is Necessary has to say about that. (I should add I'm not defending the NYPD, which still sucks ass.)
His PR is so good that my family takes personal offense and gets angry with me if I ever criticize Cuomo.
If I dumped a slave on your property that you didn't even want, and right away you set it free, does that mean you should be cancelled because for a brief second a slave was within your custody?
I bet John Harvard wasn't the wokest of individuals.
Harvard grads deserve reparations!
Ah yes, let's ruin people's lives before they even start. /s I'm glad this shit wasn't around when I was a teenager. Many people, such as myself, grew up in conservative areas and were indoctrinated with racist beliefs from a young age. It wasn't until I got more exposure to the outside world as an adult that I shook such terrible beliefs. Meanwhile this rich asshole Disney star isn't even allowing these teenagers to grow as people. Nope. Instead, she's potentially fucking them over for life and acting like a brave warrior for doing so.
&gt; I just remember how he handled the whole Suey Park “Cancel Colbert” thing. Oh shit, that was legendary lol. I miss the Colbert Report.
In their dorms?
&gt; Around 15% of people show no antibodies anymore after only 6 weeks. Source?
At this point, perhaps the NYC subreddit should be low-hanging fruit...
Good to know, thanks!
Grow up, you misanthropic twerp.
I believe not understanding a joke is a real sign of autism.
How do they define slaves?
How does one shit *in* a donut?
NYC has enough educated people as is.
Sold my NIO put for a 57% gain.
Currently CCL, USL, PAA, and AAL. [Here's my positions.](https://thetagang.com/Saami)
Years ago I put $4,000 in an Ameritrade account, when I first started getting into trading. I ended up having no clue what I was doing and tanked it to $800, and haven't looked at it since. Logged back into the account yesterday and decided to YOLO it into a penny stock (KTOV) because I had considered that money to just be nonexistent all these years, so I have no reason to care about losing it. Well, KTOV is mooning AH lmao. We'll see where I'm at tomorrow though.
How'd that end for you?
A real classy war criminal, that Obama!
It's possible to hate both.
&gt; Nobody wants to live in the US anymore. Nobody is a bit of an overstatement. [One in five potential migrants (21%) -- or about 158 million adults worldwide -- name the U.S. as their desired future residence.](https://news.gallup.com/poll/245255/750-million-worldwide-migrate.aspx)
You're likely correct. Liberals already engage in Bush apologia. I bet after Trump dies, people will paint him as a goofy, lovable patriot.
Yea, I hope nobody thinks I'm a Trump supporter for posting this thread.
Most I see is something along the lines of "I didn't agree with Bush on everything, but at least he was a patriot who loved his countrymen." Anyways, I personally believe there's a strong argument to be made that Bush was far worse than Trump.
&gt; I see no evidence that Trump would have handled 9/11 or the Iraq War any better than Bush did Ultimately it's impossible to know for sure. I see Trump as somebody who is serially incompetent and has a short attention span. Consequently, I think a Trump Administration wouldn't be able to successfully engage in an invasion of the same magnitude of Iraq or Afghanistan without fucking it up within a year and retreating. So, do I think Trump is any more well-intentioned than Bush? No. But I just see less bad shit happening under Trump than Bush.
You raise good points!
I'm gonna guess neither?
Haven't heard a single firework in Morningside Heights.
For a second, I thought I was on /r/stupidpol.
&gt; you went to a private school for any amount of time I attended a private university for undergrad because my household was so poor that they gave me a full ride. Does that mean I'm rich now?
Someone say a stock and I'll buy it. Idgaf anymore.
Thanks, went all in. YOLO.
Ah yes, diversity committees at big law firms. Achieving "social justice" through more capitalism lmao. Look, if a woman or person of color wants to become a law partner, whatever. But don't act like you're partaking in some brave, beautiful achievement that helps solves social injustice. At the end of the day, you're joining the upper class, meaning you're just becoming part of the problem.
&gt; I’m just going to ignore how you’re conflating whiteness with being upper class. How so? ~~Whiteness isn't the problem.~~ Class is. The wealthy want us to think the problem is exclusively race, that way we fight each other rather than them. Why do you think corporations will gladly support BLM but not unionization? &gt; You know who endows scholarships and donates money to universities and other institutions of power? People with money. Do you not see how having more BIPOC as partners in firms would be a step in the direction of having a more equitable society? Money talks. Maybe instead we should strive to create a society where poor people don't need to rely on the good graces of rich people to attend university. Does that not sound like a better alternative? Edit: I take back saying "whiteness isn't the problem." I misunderstood what was being said.
&gt; When you have a society that has used whiteness to force people not to organize around class, whiteness is the problem. I misunderstood your point then, sorry. I thought you were saying that the problem is literally white people. I 100% agree that the concept of whiteness is used to prevent class solidarity. &gt; they’re releasing statements in support of BLM I don't really want to belabor this example—it was just an example. I will say that that's more than they'll ever do to support the working class, since corporations spend millions annually to thwart unionization efforts. I guess my point is, if someone's ultimate goal is to help marginalized communities, this won't be achieved by working in big law on corporate mergers/litigation and earning tons of money. If that's someone's goal, then fine. If someone grew up poor (which I can relate to), and wants a way out by entering big law, great. No judgment from me. But I'm just sick of people lying to themselves and acting like diversifying big law is a step toward social and economic justice. I'm sorry if I sound harsh but I've just become so fed up with this bullshit. I get a lot of insight into how law firms view this stuff since my wife works close with the recruitment and diversity teams at a big law firm, and god damn these people think they're changing the world.
Yes, indeed. My apologies for coming across as harsh. I've just become increasingly fed up with a lot of this stuff over the summer, and I've seen a lot of my friends say classist shit as they go off to earn $40,000 this summer at their firm internships.
Yea, and it gets worse in law school where most students at the top schools have never even had to worry or think about class.
Why don't you let the professors decide what they prefer?
That seems like a pretty strong argument though. The protests have shown us that so long as people wear masks, we should largely be fine. Just look at how NYC's numbers have remained low now several weeks after the protests.
If a vaccine is possible though, that'd mean herd immunity is also possible and would come much sooner.
And classes can be held in spacious lecture halls.
&gt; paid for by freed slaves This is true, though the slaves had no say in the statue's design. Apparently there was an alternative design where the freed slave would be standing with Lincoln in a Union uniform, but this was rejected. From what I've read, Frederick Douglass was not a fan, stating that the statue "showed the Negro on his knees when a more manly attitude would have been indicative of freedom."
Fuck Stonetoss.
Hey, I'll have you know my great great grandmother was a Cherokee princess!
Best take of the thread.
The response to this pandemic has only further highlighted the extreme class division that exists in this country. White collar employees who can work from home are telling blue collar workers (e.g., my family) that they need to remain unemployed for the greater good. And law students who come from well-to-do families and can comfortably study from home are telling students who don't have such options (e.g., me) that they just need to suck it up and deal with it.
No, I'm not okay. I appreciate you asking. I'm really fucking angry, and I hate the "elite" community I've joined by coming to law school.
I don't disagree that this has largely been caused by inaffective leadership. Our government has forcibly unemployed millions of people, but then refuses to help them up in any meaningful capacity. I would much rather have taken the European route. I think there's also a huge regional divide in the USA. I'm in New York, so from my perspective my state's made a lot of sacrifices and has generally been successful in lowering infection rates to a manageable level. So from my perspective, I think my state's at a place where we can continue to open up more of our society, so long as people are required to wear masks and take proper precautions to prevent transfer of the virus. And I believe academic institutions should be among the first places to reopen, since education is one of the most important parts of our society. I'd much sooner have the universities open than restaurants and bars. But our leaders seem to have weird priorities...
I did somewhat, but I didn't truly know what I was getting into...
No worries. Perhaps I should have expressed my frustrations in a more polite tone, but I just want people to understand that not everybody has the option to "stay at home" in the sense that OP is talking about.
&gt; I’m sorry that you feel so angry about the class divide that you feel the need to lash out at someone you know nothing about. I'm sorry that I presented my comment as a personal attack against you, and I admit that I reacted solely based on the thread's title rather than your personal predicament. That being said, I think it's safe to say that the majority of law students who say they plan on "staying at home" are talking about staying with their parents, not their spouses. That's mainly what I'm complaining about.
Thank you for your comment. I just want every decision made regarding this virus to have the interests of the working class in mind. I agree this virus isn't as scary as we initially thought, though I recognize it's still very dangerous for our elderly and those with preexisting conditions. And so I detest people who refuse to wear a mask in public and engage in other reckless behavior. That being said, everyone staying at home until there's a vaccine is also an unrealistic plan, and I hope our universities aren't crafting their future plans with that in mind as the solution.
You're 100% right!
Glad (but also kinda sad) that I'm not the only one who feels this way.
Congrats! Don't let people ruin the moment by telling you it's gonna be miserable. Law review has been the highlight of my law school experience.
Basically Reddit's attitude toward cruises.
Yes, our leaders are tossing peanuts at us when we're literally on the ground starving to death. And then they'll say, "there you go, we gave you food!" These symbolic gestures are just distractions from true, substantive change that will actually save lives. Look, if they want to change the flag, go for it. I have no issues with it, and support the result. But let's not treat this like some monumental achievement of justice. This should just be the beginning. We must keep fighting!
&gt; They know best when it comes to their kids, I don't believe that's what the Commandment is saying...
Why?
Somewhat unrelated, but I just looked up the house on Zillow, and apparently it's worth about $1.7 million. God damn, living in NYC has really warped my perception on home prices. I thought that mansion would be worth at least $50 million. If $1.7 million gets you that, what does $170,000 get you in Missouri?
Do you understand the likelihood of dying from the virus?
BRD
As a law student, I'm constantly surrounded by classist assholes like this.
Which Presidents of the 20th century would you rank above him?
Yea, why can't people look at heros with nuance?
No I'm not.
I thought I was in a Marxist subreddit.
What they truly mean is "be kind **to me**."
I can't fathom why a Marxist would rank Teddy Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge, Harry Truman, Dwight Eisenhower, JFK, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, H.W. Bush, or Bill Clinton above Jimmy Carter. I can come up with justifications in my head for the others.
No. The problem is that one of the wealthiest persons in human history subjects his employees to deplorable work conditions, and is so greedy that he can't even be bothered to continue to pay hazard pay to his employees during a pandemic—a pandemic, I might add, that has allowed Bezos to increase his net worth by billions of dollars over the course of a few months ($AMZN is almost at an all-time high while the economy suffers).
&gt; but by and large it's one of the better jobs you can get if you have no skills or education The better jobs will always be the unionized ones, and I am eternally thankful that my father, who had no formal training or education, was in a union and therefore could earn enough to support our family growing up. I doubt many employees in an Amazon warehouse are afforded the same opportunity. Warehouse employees in this country largely have no power, and so are absolutely subjected to abuses. And having personally worked on matters involving the labor rights of Amazon employees, I am curious what your source is for the claim that "most of the horror stories you hear are made up."
&gt; UPS is union, they pay worse than Amazon. Most auto factory workers are unionized and pay worse than Amazon. Baggage handlers are unionized and pay worse than Amazon. Do you have sources for any of these claims? Even if this were true, you're handpicking a few workplaces; the numbers show that unionized private sector employees on average [earn more](https://www.bls.gov/news.release/union2.t04.htm) than nonunionized ones. And have you considered that it's the threat of unionization that has driven Amazon to make concessions such as increased wages in the first place? And once again, I'd also like a source for that claim that "most of the horror stories you hear are made up."
&gt; UPS is union, they pay worse than Amazon. Most auto factory workers are unionized and pay worse than Amazon. Baggage handlers are unionized and pay worse than Amazon. Do you have sources for any of these claims? Even if this were true, you're handpicking a few workplaces; the numbers show that unionized private sector employees [earn more](https://www.bls.gov/news.release/union2.t04.htm) than nonunionized ones. And have you considered that it's the threat of unionization that has driven Amazon to make concessions such as increased wages? And once again, I'd also like a source for that claim that "most of the horror stories you hear are made up."
&gt; such great pay and benefits Let's not exaggerate here. And as I said before, it's pointless to compare the wages of two handpicked companies. Unionization will result in increased wages at almost any workplace that unionizes. If an Amazon employee earns $15/hour now, they could still earn more if represented by a union. You're looking at relative gains whereas we should be concerned with absolute gains. If Person A is being paid shitty wages and Person B is being paid slightly less shitty wages, your reaction shouldn't be "Person B is being given great pay!" It should be, "Person B still should be earning more." Anyways, I'm gonna call it a night. Don't wanna get too sucked into too many Reddit arguments in one day. Thank you for the conversation!
