Never understood the idea of paying a lot of money for a bunch of stuff you don't want/need when you can spend a little money (or hell, a lot) and get exactly what you want.
Hope it works well for you! I have yet to get a design I like.
It's very, very uncommon. It's just not unheard of. If google is to be believed, 3% of men take their wive's name. 20% of wives keep their name. That's surprisingly high to me. I imagine there is some regional disparity.
Do you really think gay men in San Francisco were having sex with 3 different partners a day?
Kind of sort of. A very small minority of folks do. Most folks are content to live and let live. There's enough pushing that there's some push back starting to ferment. LG and maybe B are beginning to normalize but the rest of the alphabet soup is causing some problems with integration. Some splintering is starting to creep in.
Seriously? You're comfortable with saying that gay dudes met 3 other gay dudes and performed 3 sex acts every day for a year. On average. Those numbers seem plausible? The logistics of that are just a "Yep, gay fellers sure do like dick and drugs" kind of data point?
Sure, toss out purely homosexual interaction and let's call it sex acts with whatever (because I am positive that is what gay is referring to, but I will give it to you). 3 different sexual partners a day for a year. On average. Not "pretty extreme". On average. This is a number critical thinking says "yep, seems right"?
Yep, that's why I went with a Shield. CZ75 and a S&amp;W Model 19 were just too damn big so I never wanted to carry them. Shield is painless so I bring it around a lot.
Yep. I've learned to completely ignore these types of announcements. My stores rarely have clearance and if it is, it's like $5 off of original price, which is 2x what the internet has them for regularly. Only ones that ever panned out were Sears when they were going down the tubes. Got some good deals from them and subreddits!
Great sub. Nobody minds if you just sit and read and lurk. I had it popping up in my front page for years while I processed alcohol's role in my life.
I am 90% certain it is related to crops in camps, not camps themselves.
Huh. Not sure then. I have a camp that's been up since just coming out of Beta in the Toxic Valley. I've had 3 enemies visit total. Each time I or a visitor had walked into the camp from the road or a Raider point and I'm assuming dragged a spawn.
Ah, the freshman girl relationship conversation. "You have no idea about these senior boys Mr. 1-Down" Uh huh.
There's a few articles out there about distance barriers. If I remember correctly, they go something like this: &lt;250' - Grip/release issue, you're throwing nose up ~300' - Strong arming, not getting your hips/core/lower body into it ~350' - Timing and 1000 little tweaks Seemed to run pretty true in my experience. Once I figured out how to get my hips into it I instantly shot from 270'ish drives to 330'ish. Been working towards 400' but not there yet. Definitely not with any consistency.
Nice course. I imagine throwing over the water on 17 will soon become a right of passage for the locals.
Man do I understand that. Played a game a few weeks back where we just constantly were losing and hunting for discs. Each time it took a minimum of 15+ minutes. Made it to hole 12 and lost our 4th and 5th discs of the day. After finding them we just called it a day. Pretty sure we were on the course at least two hours at that point. Can normally finish that one in less than 1 hour. Man was I in a shitty mood when we left so I can only imagine it under a tournament setting!
My wife is tiny. She knows the truth to your words all too well.
Targhees are good. Back of the heel is where mine have always failed so make sure you're untying them prior to taking them off and putting them on. You'll get some bottom wear but mine held up pretty well. Comfortable as heck. They last me about a year as "good shoes" and then another year or two as yard shoes.
Text. E-mails get overlooked and I don't mess with them much outside of work anyway.
I could go with that. The two would fight it out in my bag for the slot. River eventually won.
JHern's post was the one that made the most difference for me in this thread. [300' Barrier](https://www.dgcoursereview.com/dgr/forums/viewtopic.php?f=2&amp;t=16139&amp;sid=419974b79f91f8142590515da62aa258) [Common Plateaus](https://www.dgcoursereview.com/forums/showthread.php?t=117477)
I'm scared to ask how deep it is...
Buzzz. Maybe an Emac Truth or Roc3 or Shark3 instead if you only have windy courses to play. There's like 1000 discs out there that are all have slight incremental variations on flight. Not so much which disc is right as which disc is right for you that you can actually put your hands on. I would also add that darn near everybody I know plays with a River. Fills a similar spot to a Leopard/Leopard3 but a bit straighter.
I've had a weird thing for [[Torchling]] since it was released. Is it good? Not really. There's something about the art, huge list of abilities, and nod to Morphling that I love though. Too bad they had to go and fuck up [[Thornling]]'s art.
Huh. That's an interesting thought experiment. I doubt it will stick, but I don't really think this is one of those "Hur Dur Alabama so stoopid!" situations. I question what the best-case scenario for this sort of thing would be.
Two run ins with police, assaulting an officer, and drugs? That's...not really normal. Or good. Or minor. He's damn near grown at this point. Not a lot you're going to be able to influence I think. Going to have to try and give him experiences that shift his viewpoint on things. Not sure how much capacity your family has to do that. Changing his environment would be high up on my list of things to look at. Chances are he's got a shit peer group. Weird dichotomy that he's doing well in school but still getting into trouble with the law. Don't typically see that.
Ugh, I hear you. I just avoid the whole chip aisle. Too high calorie anyway and I am not a "stop at 1 serving" kind of guy.
Right? There's a reason vacations and going "out" are special events!
"So you're been sending out your letters pretty regularly then?" "Naw dawg, I save up a good 30 or 40 and then send them out in one sack a couple of times a year. Save mad postage that way."
&gt; At 30, you don’t want to buy the crappy “just out of college” stuf I mean, you don't want that stuff out of college either but it's what you can afford! And let's be honest, you still have a lot of it weeeeelllll into your 30's and a bit in the 40's!
Don't throw away carbonated beverage containers. There's a $.10 deposit on them so the vast, vast majority get returned. They charge it at the register so don't freak out when your 24 pack is $2.40 more than you anticipated. Most stores have little return machines that give you a receipt you then cash at a register. If the store sells bottles, they must take returns of them. We have a lot of niche cultural outposts depending on where you go in the state. Dutch, Finnish, Bavarian, Arabic, Burmese - good opportunity to get some good eats in if you're willing to experiment! Michigan is a true swing state, so be prepared for all manner of political and religious viewpoints. Generally the louder they get the nuttier they are so respond accordingly.
Battle Creek/Springfield area
I think the worst thing they're saying isn't that they're celebrating and taking pictures. I think the worst thing identified is people who are "getting theirs" fuck it up for everybody else. Sucks when you can't hear your kid's name due to a group talking or if graduation runs 2 hours longer than expected and you miss your reservations.
I believe the term for this is "orbiter".
I must have lost the context of this thread. People are complaining about trash bags being left behind or they are complaining about a debris field being left behind? My experience with events has been the latter and not the former so I assumed that was the reference regarding "trashy grounds" and "leaving your trash behind" instead of collected and neat bags of garbage.
Right? The biggest issue is shitting away from home after you get one.
They can. My usual method is blast away with the bidet, then do a paper pat to check and dry. Anything suspicious gets more blasting. It's not so much a squirt of water as a hosing off though.
We mainstream almost all of our special education students now, regardless of the diagnosis. Stuff you never used to see 30 years ago is pretty easily observable now.
I wasn't making much money at 30. $500 in airfare would have been extremely significant. Spending $1000 for somebody else's birthday would have been completely, laugh-in-face unheard of. Even now it would have to be a "this is my last birthday because I have cancer and want to make it special" sort of expense. Air BnB sounds like your best bet. Renting an RV that sleeps 6-8 may be an option. Borrowing one from a friend/family would be better. Putting folks in tents in the yard may be an option. Have you run by expenditures at all? Are folks on board with paying in? Last time we had a guest fly up she bounced around visiting and was pretty much taken care of for everything by her hosts at the time.
Eh, people play with 1-3 discs all the time. It's more about what you can make a disc do than using the "one true disc" for a given shot.
Now THAT looks like a fun hole! Would probably try sending a Saint Pro right down the throat assuming the basket is pas the bridge and off to the left.
I sure as hell wouldn't be talking to the victim's family. Maybe help her write a letter once she's processed through it all, but I wouldn't do that until things have been legally settled, which will likely be quite some time. Maybe help her get her affairs in order in the very possible event that she needs to serve time.
Every single day, multiple times a day. Will stop in the middle of what I'm doing to point it out. I make doubly sure to do so if I'm in a bad mood because I try to reflect on the good things in life to pop me out of it. I tell my parents I love them when I speak with them, usually a couple of times a week give or take.
The under 5 age sucks. They get better when they're in school. Not sure on adolescence yet - so far they're mostly lovable by overlooking a little bit of sass.
Sex, probably.
The amount of time kids suck up is somewhat overblown. If you can navigate a wife and pet, you can navigate a kid. They certainly don't take up 99% of your time unless you have a very intensive view on parenting.
It's interesting hearing the different personas that she's described as having. I've heard the entire gamut from "naive virgin making her way in big Hollywood" to....as opposite as you can get and everything in-between.
Honestly, it's not a bad plan. Epic has now hit a critical mass of games in my library where it's worth me checking into it regularly. This has led to some purchases through their storefront instead of Steam or GOG.
If Tarantino wants to call himself a film expert, he's got the chops for it.
Not much, but a little. Garage sales and private sales are usually worth throwing out a low offer. Usually they take it. On occasion they meet you 1/2 way. Only been rebuked completely a handful of times. When I sell things at Craigslist it's a mix of people that haggle and people that just pay outright.
Kind of. You're not likely to do it by accident.
Lots of mean-spirited comments in this thread. Damn shame to take a hero and associate him with whatever this childishness is.
Hmm...I wonder if I left work left to be graded in the inbox. Probably. Looks like I have to go in tomorrow anyway to deal with some dead fish. Maybe being in the school will spark some ambition. Lord knows I'm not spending my time wisely at the moment unless playing video games recuperates the soul.
Full-size steel guns are pretty impractical unless you want a range toy though. It *could* work as a nightstand gun, but so would a lot of other things.
I owned one - if you managed to conceal carry it or use it outside of a range context you're a better man than I!
I wouldn't worry about moving near friends. If push comes to shove they may move away. Move to someplace you want to live. I *would* consider family location when it comes to moving. Same caveats apply and I suppose it depends on your family dynamic but there's something to be said for being close to Mom and Dad or you siblings.
He's popular with about 1/2 the country, or at least more popular than what Democrats are offering up. I wish I could say he'd be out of office in 2020 but there really isn't a good alternative being offered up by the left. A pair of octogenarians are in the lead and the ones trailing behind aren't exactly oozing charisma to motivate the vote. Hell, at this rate our best bet is a random stroke putting Pence into office and that says something about how slim pickings are.
Nearly every poll that gets posted for nearly everything shows just less than 50% for...pretty much whatever. Left, right, up, down it never changes. Roughly half think he's doing fine, roughly half think he's the devil incarnate. Maybe more people support the Democratic nominee over Trump, maybe they don't. The polls hardly indicate it's a landslide in either direction.
Uh oh, what happened with the fist?
The pay is very, very, very low.
Michigan is pretty decent. $40k is slowly becoming the floor for 1st year teachers. Then you're poor for about 10 years until you climb in steps a ways and make between $50-$60k. Then you move school districts and start over.
Yeah, Walmart is the big one but there's all kinds of shops that do, especially the farm-related ones.
And cost a whopping $3 instead of $2.00. Where the hell did the idea that we have shit bread come from?
Getting it running is usually only half the battle. KEEPING it running is the other part. My Dad picked some up for the grandkids years ago. He's constantly working on them and I mean constantly - 4 or 5 significant repairs a summer each, minimum. He keeps them around because the kids like them and they get used as a learning experience on how to fix things. My nephew has actually become a pretty competent wrencher due to these things. Dad has a full machine shop on the property. It takes a fair bit to keep them going.
One of the most important life lessons I've had came from my old boss. I had happened to stay late at school for one thing or another and ended up popping out to the football field where our kids were preparing to play against a visiting team. While out there, he told me to look at our side vs theirs and to watch what the kids were doing. The visitors were all in their area doing some sort of team activity - warm up exercises or something I think. They were cohesive and working together. Our team was scattered all over the place, paired off or in small groups, eating bags of chips, horse-playing, yelling at each other. He told me the opposing team had been playing together since elementary school and were going to absolutely crush us. It wasn't that they were more athletically talented - we had superb natural athletes, it was because they worked together as a team and functioned as a unit. Our kids were all individual superstars being held back by lousy teammates. It was all our coaches could do to stop them from fighting one another, much less get them working together. Sure enough, we got our ass whooped. Your coach had a good eye.
I always wonder about PTSD and teaching. Then I wonder if other jobs have similar stress levels. Then I try not to think about it because it's probably not healthy.
Me too. I swear I have a witch that says "Keep eating" once I start. I'm usually not hungry in the morning anyway but if I eat a breakfast, I end up eating a big one. It's usually best just to avoid it until lunch.
At that age in that situation their desperation will well outweigh their pride.
Honestly I hear the kids call each other that so often it never even occurred to me that the thread root could be seen in a racist context. But yeah, I can see where you're coming from. I just read the story as the guy being an arrogant prick.
Good news for the area. Will be interesting to see how they make use of the 10 acres. Reed City is pretty darn small. I wonder if they are planning on University traffic from Big Rapids.
For some of us the struggle is real with names. For some reason my brain just trips sometimes. I've mispronounced my own kid's names, and god forbid I come across something unfamiliar (which is constant in an urban school). Usually I just get the inflection wrong but as often as not I mix names up, use a sibling's or other kid's, or just completely flub it. I've always been jealous of people who are good with names.
I'm not sure blowing the guy up was the right decision, but it sends a pretty clear message. "Keep fucking around because if we'll kill this guy, ANY of you are on the menu as an option." If Iranian brass realizes exactly what you said "This isn't fun any more" and knocks it off, win for Trump. If they try something cute and everybody gets painted into a corner, well, that sucks.
&gt; "Say, what's in this drink?" "Baby, it's cold outside..." *That* is your example of rape culture? Oof.
Easy ones are fun. The 300' carries are not. Also, over-the-water is fine, over the sludge is not.
There's a surprising amount of money available via grants. For a while, health and community related ones were pretty easy to get. Not sure if they still are, but they're probably out there.
Looks like a Buzzz shot.
On it's surface, it makes sense. In reality, it's pissing off a lot of volunteers because the training reeks of CYA. I could wallpaper a room with "Not a pedo" letters. It's stupid.
Probably has more to do with the impact of having a real person there watching. I'm sure they are more..."influential" on behavior.
Swamp Knight's perk generates phantasms (explosive orbs) when he's damaged. Trick or Treat gives a chance to spawn an additional orb and gives them life drain. It's pretty fun. Not invincible (blasters and multiple propane will take you down pretty well and you struggle in low mob density a bit) but definitely pretty powerful.
The haunted hotel line got me interested in Save the World. Business wolf cemented it.
I remember an Iraqi bombing around Christmas about 25 years ago that was thought to be pretty much the same reasoning. Christ we've been bombing the Middle East a long time.
Pretty stable when? Certainly not recently.
Shared sober satisfaction is...a bit of a stretch. It may have been the right move, especially if he's behind the embassy attack and other problems. It's a hell of a risky move though. If it works, Trump did well. If we end up in Iraq 3.0, not so much. Christ we've been at war a long time.
Yes, the Iranian government was more successful at crushing citizen revolts and preventing full-blown civil war?
It's sort of funny in a detached way. Research is done by people. People are flawed. Scientists aren't some magical class of professional. They have addictions, deadlines, likes and dislikes, and varying levels of ability. I work a lot with educational research. Very little of it is any good in my opinion. I swear most of what gets produced is simply what somebody pukes out in pursuit of a degree. Also, the stuff that gets cited is the stuff that supports somebody's paycheck. DiD yOU knOw ClaSS SizeS DOn'T MatTer?! ThE REseARCH SaYS So!
&gt; PS - I'm female, if that matters. I noticed what sub this was posted in after I started to respond. Is it still ok to have responded to this post? Women are more than welcome to participate here. Rule of thumb is to consider what sort of answer the OP is looking for. Is it being asked here because of the desired audience and expected caliber of answer or is it asked here because they want personal experiences? If it's the former, contribute away. If it's the latter, consider if your reply is relevant to what the OP is asking. If you think you have something to add, still ok!
Sometimes I can get away with putting them in a bowl instead of the bag. As often as not I just get multiple bowls, but at least I usually stop at 2. Truth be told I just have to keep them out of the house. It's like beer - if it's not convenient, I don't miss it. If it's there, I consume it just because.
Is Iraq strong/stable enough for us to leave, much less endure sanctions? It's sort of like punching a kid on chemotherapy.
Shakespeare in Love over Saving Private Ryan taught me literally everything I needed to know about how much stock to put into awards shows. Haven't watched one in decades.
It's pretty understable. I use it for RHBH flex shots that need to finish a bit to the right of my aim point - it'll come back (usually), but not to center. At a 85m arm you might be ok.
I actually enjoy Repair Shelter if there's a full crew. Hunting the robots is sort of fun. That said, I always want to get them before the 1st raid and I'm usually irritable if the shelter hasn't repaired by the 2nd.
It's horrendously mercurial. Lessons that work well one year are a dumpster fire the next. A day of barely keeping the lid on things can be followed by students docile and content to listen to the dullest material on the planet. I remember telling myself "every day is a new day" during my early years. You can have a horrendous blow out with a student one day but they completely forget/ignore/forgive and will be perfectly amicable the next.
Fuck no. Don't trust what sorts of shenanigans the wrong sorts could get up to.
Depends on what you mean about life being mess. If you have 3 baby mamas, a warrant, and mild to moderate alcoholism - no, no that's not normal at all. If you mean an unstable career and you haven't established a family yet, looks like 50/50 for this generation. Some of my peers had their shit together straight out of high school and are well established. Others are still working on what they want to do and looking for a relationship and kids. If you mean whether or not you ever figure out what you're doing and feel like an adult, I'm not sure that ever comes.
Lots and lots of paid days off.
Ouch. We get them gratis. Some years we get 10-12.
It has been gentle with the snow to be sure! I have felt guilty for staying in on some playable days just because it felt awfully cozy and snug in the house though! Feels like a shame to waste any winter day that does not have snow on the ground!
In a way it is a beautiful compromise. Both sides can claim they punked each other and spin the narrative however they want. Iran probably got the bloodier nose but I hate to think what happened to their liberal movement.
Telling tall tales to the kids is far and away my favorite part of this job.
The moment the players start trying to sex up anything in the game, put a kibosh on it. Then re-evaluate your friendship.
It's a superb perk. Hell, last year we had an entire week off due to weather. Only year we had to make any up was when we hit 14. Think we ended up doing 1 extra day in the summer.
I've been growing to appreciate it more and more. Actually, I've come to appreciate almost all genres of music more. The only thing I have found myself enjoying less is the misogynistic or otherwise hateful bullshit. Less than impressed with the "I'm so sweet don't you wish you were me" stuff too.
500 V-bucks a week is a reasonable assumption total. Can be a bit higher.
Slurred speech seems to be the popular thing to harp on for politicians folks don't like lately.
Possibly. Our district requires a doc note if you are out more than 2 straight. Your colleagues will start to hate you if they have to sub for you a lot as well.
No. Exes should stay exes.
They are pissed because the game is half-baked, the responses generally tone-deaf, and the atom shop seemingly gating content.
Yeah, but they can get their discs out of that murky water hazard in Maine!
Right? Why'd it have to hit on Saturday?! Not quite enough daylight for those after-work rounds yet.
Star RocX3. Threw it into a headwind and the damn thing managed to flip (pretty sure I threw it on an anny). Hit the ice 10 feet off of shore but slid out another 60 ft. May be able to dive it up in the summer but damn. Hole 1, throw 1, first time taken out of the bag.
Beer and booze!
Unremarkable. Some good ideas, some bad ones.
The Letterkenny Fartbook episode stands out as a real stinker in an otherwise extremely choice series. I will give it another watch, but that one has been on my mind lately with how out of place it felt.
Think about the lifestyle you want to live and where you want to live. Consider the hours, locations, and perks/negatives to the career. Healthcare is a good example - it's very in demand, but many health care positions have some hours that are not stellar, it's a 24/7 need after all. Gap years are a waste of time. Unless your family is rich enough to afford you faffing about for a year experiencing life you're just going to end up mired down into a dead-end job while responsibilities and bills pile up. If you're genuinely uncertain on your career path but are pretty sure you want to go to college take the basic classes all majors require. You're going to get stuck with a writing, math, and likely some social justice courses. Just take them and use that time to poke about. Maybe take a few more specialized courses to see what they are like. You'll learn a lot just reading about the degrees offered by a college - I know it was eye-opening for me to see what was out there. Rule of thumb - jobs that require certifications are generally better than jobs that don't because it prevents every Tom, Dick, and Harry from coming in off the street offering to do your job for less.
Makes you wonder how they got it up so high. Had a similar one but it was Stonewood. I assumed the kid must have just been carried over and over.
I think 2013 was the year we had a power outage for 3 or 4 days due to ice. With the numbers being kicked around that were a little precaution isn't a poor choice. $50 in durable and dry goods is cheap insurance.
I just rewatched the first season last night. It really stands out like a sore thumb compared to the other episodes. There's hardly any good one-liners/segments even. Completely skippable in my opinion.
File this under shit that would have been a good idea to implement a year ago. That drawer is pretty full though so you may need to cram it in there a bit.
Behind the times. This has been a push for 20 years.
Just think of all the trouble you saved by it not doing that during shipping!
Buddy has one, I am pretty much sold on it. Perfect for those 10-15' out discs you don't want to monkey around with finding a stick or wonky path to. Nice time saver for our local stream.
Fair matchmaking? I think I'd won a whopping 2 matches in chapter 1. Chapter 2 has been light-years ahead regarding making a competitive match.
I don't think so. Disc golf is still in the "growth" phase and we need to get as many courses installed across the country as we can. Jumping in bed with the cannabis industry *will* - no ifs, ands or buts about it - *will* stymie course growth as local government support and other sponsors go "No, I don't really want to be associated with drugs." Read public comments about installing disc golf courses into local parks sometime. In my area drug and alcohol use by the users consistently comes up as a negative.
&gt; Absolutely. The narrative of all pot smokers being morons has long faded with the legalization of medical and now recreational pot being of the norm and socially acceptable Maybe in your area. Those are not universal sentiments by a long shot, especially for the people that control/oversee the public purse strings and the public land.
12-14 in the bag depending on whether or not I'm trying out new discs. Bag for the wife, bag for the buddy, back up bag with similar number. 2 kid bags and 3 guest bags at 3 a pop. Two baskets with 8 discs apiece for practice that roost in the cage. Another 90 or so in storage. I dunno, 200 maybe? It floats a bit because I give discs away in bundles whenever I come across a new or potential player.
It's a good plan.
Well, I could wait until summer vacation. That'd be easiest. Otherwise I don't think I was all that far off during my heavy drinking days. You start when you get out of work and you can put back quite a few with plenty of time to sleep it off.
Work gave us a "racism spectrum" document. Being "color-blind" is pretty low on their acceptance scale. Source: Every year I identify that as my position and every year I get put in the "special attention" group.
Just wait until you have parents fighting students! Yeah, society's depravity no longer startles me.
I hear you there. You-tube culture is just so...blech. My kids like it though. My parents probably though the same thing about the drek I watched as a kid.
Nice, good colors too!
I bought one for a friend and it's pretty nice. Only complaint is that the paint wasn't done right - had a large chunk that hadn't adhered. Minor issue with the pole screws not being quite straight but that wasn't too hard of a fix. It's definitely heavy duty for the price though!
Depends on what you want. I have a Hive I use quite often because it's light and use it indoors. It works fine for what I ask of it - 15' indoor putts. The Axiom I have is the outside basket because it's heavier and can handle the longer putts hitting it better. It's a nicer basket, but heavy enough to be a nuisance to move.
It's a bit fast for that for me. Honestly been kicking around the idea of dropping down to a floaty 2/4/0/1 or something similar. I do have one. Love the plastic on it but it's sort of competing with a Zone and I love my Zflex more!
I'm pretty sure Middle School holds that title. Gonna chalk it up to your job. Personally, I'm generally as social as I care to be. If anything it's hard to find time alone.
Depends. In my experience the issues that cause a student to get a GED stick around and cause problems for further education and employment. If you're independent and driven, you can do ok with one as an alternative to the traditional path. It does have a stigma attached though so it wouldn't be my recommendation.
Take a class or two and see how it works out. If it's not for you, you're out $500. If you do well, you can commit to more.
Community college courses are usually pretty cheap, but I'll admit I haven't priced them out in a while. I pay $3k for graduate classes at a university.
I hear you there. More or less achieved my "younger me" goals. Too many years until retirement to just coast and my last dream has a pretty long timeline planned out (I'd like to buy a house with property and live a bit more of an outdoorsy life but that is NOT going to happen until the kids graduate and by then it will be close enough to retirement that I stick it out for a few years to see both where they land and where I'd like to move not being tethered to a job.) I'm getting another degree literally just to keep moving. I don't particularly have a burning desire for it, but I can't just...do nothing.
Doesn't help when there are "Trooper Days" and they're spread out every 2 miles trying to nab speeders.
Buzzz and Zone are two discs that hit that sweet spot of good for your entire disc golf career. Great discs! Buzzz's also seem to the the player pack disc of choice (at least locally) so you can always pick up a new or beat-in one in pretty much whatever style you want.
Had that happening on one of my SSD missions. Could not for the life of me figure out why my amplifier was wiping out because I had the path on lockdown. Turns out Flingers were chucking mobs past the tunnel and they were working their way through the roof. Figured the Air Defense Trap would have gotten them but some must have been sneaking through.
If you're interested, ask if wants to do something outside of work. Could be turning into the work spouse. Non-romantic friend that you rely onto get through the work day. Could be he likes you.
We've made it our mission to make failing out of school as difficult as possible. There's plenty of good education to be had if you want it though.
Well shit.
Yes, he was a weekly reward recently. The Sniper Rifle is the current reward.
Not gonna lie. Dipped into a low-level mission for some rain to squeak enough for an upgrade. Nobody would vote to start the mission. I beared and turreted the living shit out of the spawn to show my displeasure. Not sure if I forced the afk average or not but it must have been close.
I hear you. I swear I've got the yips on one of my local courses. Put 3 into the pond over the season and now I play timid as a fieldmouse around it despite having thrown the hole fine literally hundreds of times. Brought a water disc I didn't care about and that seems like it's abating it a bit, but the nerves are real.
If you're balls deep you may as well hand over the wallet and phone to your buds and go all the way.
I have some $40 hip boots that have paid for themselves many, many times over. Got the SCUBA gear out this summer. It sort of works, but you're feeling around blind most of the time. Turns out disc golf water hazards are not the purest things out there. That and it's a much bigger "thing" to gear up to SCUBA them out as opposed to grabbing boots and a rake out of the truck.
Have the wife look into subbing - pay isn't stellar but the flexibility can't be beat. Works as a supplemental income if you carry the insurance. Should work fine with the kiddos. Shipt seems to be a fairly popular option for my co-workers. I think it looks like a nuisance, but it works for them.
I don't think we are the target audience. Like it or not, she is a female who has lived an unconventional life. There is a market for her.
That is what I question with Boy Scouts. Feels like I pay $150 a year to volunteer and get told I can't do stuff.
If you make me wait to start the mission until the vote option expires, you're getting the teddy army. Otherwise I'll ration them out.
Gosh I loved that game. The one "ex-CIA, I guess?" character was phenomenal.
Outer Worlds has a lot of "Morally correct but gonna get a whole lotta innocent people killed" choices.
The only issue I have is rape. Otherwise you knew the risks. Rape is the monkey wrench. Scratch that: Rape and cases where the fetus/baby would have a wretched quality of life due to disease or deformity or whatever you want to call it. I guess that makes me a hypocrite though.
One I see and talk to all the time. Couple more I interact with a few times a year.
I remember those early levels where ammo is in short supply. The good news is it loosens up around Plankerton. I'll have to remember to drop a few stacks next time I am in Stonewood.
I mean, you can give it a chance. There are many hours of fun to be had. Like a broken significant other though, you better love it for what it is and not what you hope it will change and become.
How to move the needle on the bottom 5% behavior issues and achievement issues. Have parents with money isn't much of a solution.
My 2nd game is usually 6-10 strokes worse than my first. The fatigue is real!
I too threw at a trash can my first season. Truth be told, just shell out the $80 to get a Hive or the $120 for an Axiom/Black Hole. You're gonna end up spending that faffing about trying to build your own. Source: Am cheap. Home projects almost always end up costing nearly as much in materials and being 1/2 as good as the real thing. Only exception is having salvage about, but even then it seems like the bits and pieces sneak up on you.
Talk about some of the practical stuff. Where are his passwords? What's his DNR status and feelings on medical interventions? Honestly the best damn gift somebody can give is having all of their funeral stuff pre-arranged so the family isn't guessing.
It's not so much the wifey getting mad, it is being used to a working man's schedule. I'm tired by 10!
What did Cavill do to you to deserve that?
Pretty sure my last hour would be represented by an ass.
What can you do to change your classroom environment to motivate the parents to engage with their kids? I have admin-speak down pat. Excuse me, I have achieved proficiency with my administrative linguistic skills, but I'm going to knock myself down to Developing because there is always room for improvement - I will just go find a pamphlet to read in the bathroom that'll kick me up that extra level.
We've all had that conversation. We've all had it...
Yes, but I don't feel I am running out of time. It is just how I organize my day/life so it functions right. I am constantly mentally setting aside time for the important stuff and then filling the gaps with the casual/fun stuff.
Why on God's green earth do people keep trying to justify themselves to a teenager?
Depends on what kind of district you're in. I'm pretty sure ours would walk on coals to protect their LGBT employees. We have many that are out. That said, they'd rather eat those coals than teach anything about LGBT sex ed so I guess mileage may vary.
Put them all under oath and start recording. Start with Trump and then let each side start subpoenaing until one side blinks.
No. I'm not super fond of change though, so a lot of youth fads do tend to fall on the "dislike" category. At least saggy pants are gone in all but the most backward areas.
Easy. Listen more than you talk. You should be the damn stone statue inside of a confessional booth at a worship center for a school for the deaf. Be cautious who you give your opinion to. Eventually you can swing your weight around, but it has consequences.
That is exactly what I was thinking!
The prospect of a snow day.
Don't kid yourself. People SAY they want men to be more emotional and in touch with their feelings. What they actually want is an occasional blip on the emotional radar that is neat, tidy, easily addressed, and over. A few tears at a funeral, a squeal of joy at graduation, a quiet dance at a reception - that's pretty much it. Open up for anything less than a milestone and you're gonna be hearing about it later.
I find that putters are rarely a bad purchase - helps to have a good number of them for the practice basket!
It's a metaphor. Chill.
They offer them. It waffles back and forth between mandatory or elective. Frankly I think people overestimate the effectiveness of a class like this. You're either brought up aware of it and have it reinforced at home via parents paying bills and discussing finances or you don't see the point and blow it off until it bites you in the ass and you realize you *need* to learn it.
Schools do fine teaching reading and math to the kids with an aptitude for learning. They also do pretty good at babysitting the rest until they're old enough for a job that will hopefully train them to be somewhat useful citizens.
The question being could you replace him with a better cook for $17-18/hr?
That is unlikely. Whether or not they choose to act is a different matter.
Goes a lot smoother with a TEDDY partner. Between two of them there's not much that will get through. Just keep an ear open for the rare smasher and the lobbers. I'm just running TEDDY perks with Survivalist. Spent a lot of time jerking around doing trades the last two while the TEDDYs did the work. You do *sort* of have to pay attention, but not much.
I'll take "Ideas that sound good on paper until you realize some folks are starving" for $100, Alex.
I suppose the context in which I read it was as an adult starting their career/adult life. $10 for a teenager is fine, but it's a kid's wage. It's not a pretty good start if you're beginning your career.
Yes, I agree. I am just trying to figure out under what condition $10 an hour is a good start. As a teenager doing a part time job in school, it's pretty good. After that it is pretty much bottom of the barrel.
How's the retirement fund?
Just started watching his videos! A fair bit going on in those. Thinking I want to level up a Constructor team and try the jail build, but damn rain is short!
Bay is pretty much a red flag at this point. It's been a loooooong time since he's directed anything good. Pain and Gain in 2013 maybe? I don't remember hating it. Otherwise I think we're back in the 90's.
Christ, with how they vote I think they need to prove they watch any movies at all. Oscars are damn near a list of what not to watch.
More like Guardians.
Cannot even stress this enough. Thought I had mono for years - turns out to be plain old snoring/sleep apnea. That CPAP machine made a massive quality of life increase!
Wish I knew brother, wish I knew. I've noticed the older I get the more irritable I get. Not fair to the folks around me but I don't really know how to change it. I think it's 30 years of stress manifesting itself. Tired of being angry all the time.
Damn near never. Movies teach you it's a viable solution. It's not. It's a shitty solution that is likely going to generate more problems than it's worth. Best bet is to avoid entirely. If you can't, remove yourself from the situation. If you got to, you got to, but it's pretty rare. Good life skill is learning to avoid situations in which that sort of conflict is likely.
I WASTED ALL OF MY SNOW TICKETS ON THE WINTER LLAMAS I HAVE 10X COPIES OF EVERYTHING FOR. DID NOT REALIZE THEY WERE GOING TO BE USED FOR THE NEW YEAR LLAMAS.
IT IS A PAIN IN THE ASS TRYING TO OUTSCORE OUTLANDERS IF YOU HAVE A SIGNIFICANT LEVEL DIFFERENCE. WORST OUTLANDERS OR NOT, TEDDY SCORES POINTS LIKE LEBRON. I HAVE VERY MIXED FEELINGS ON THIS, BUT AN "OPTIMAL" BUILD WOULD BE SCARY.
Shit like this has inspired me to invest in constructors and learn about the build system. Lord knows I am always happy to see a Base go on the objective
Personally I only do the 50 vbuck ones. Main reason I play is to supply Vbucks to the kid's BR habit. One mythic isn't going to make or break your access to more Vbucks.
For me PL has been throttled by rain and survivor XP. Even just leveling legendary survivors sucks up resources like crazy.
It happens, but some missions are better than others for it.
One guide states shadowahard for elemental ranged and obsidian for energy utility gun. Obsidian for all melee. Also, supposedly SS is better for fast fire rate.
Yep,and some of the new ones look pretty decent - Jilly Teacup and Happy Holidays immediately come to mind
It has been hit and miss. Sometimes I get a group, but I don't run often.
Can't speak for Vegas, but your local school district sure as shit covers up as much as they can get away with.
Kept in contact with friends, got married, had kids, made more friends. Invite people to hang out!
Whole buncha "Not gonna let my kid play outside cause of the pedos" going on in this thread....
Most decks that follow some basic fundamentals like a mana curve and card advantage options will run decently. Also, a lot of players think cards are good only when someone tells them they are. Plenty of powerful cards just didn't have the right meta.
This sounds right to me - matches up pretty well with my own usage (minus the 400 foot part, haven't made it there yet).
I'm envious, but in my experience it's worthless planning more than about two days out ahead of time due to needing to change lessons based on student feedback.
Understandable necessity? I suspect we live very different lives.
Was going to say aluminum but I'm not positive they wouldn't chew through it anyway.
Pfft. Our school would just put a couple of trashcans around it and keep on trucking. Flooded hallway from the bathroom? Keep teaching. Power out in 1/2 the building? Keep teaching. Fire in the kitchen? Keep teaching. They didn't even pull the alarm for that one.
I recently purged a lot of my extra ore and items by running a Stonewood mission and dumping it all to the new players. I don't need 4000x Nuts and Bolts but I remember starving for ammo in the beginning because of them. Getting the point where I drop 82s to lower levels in Canny. It's not like you're going to be running out of Power Cells any time soon.
Oh, the big push now is that you're racist but just aren't smart enough to be aware of it. They made it a little unclear if it is actually possible to be not racist due to all the built-in privilege we are born with.
The Democrats are strangely optimistic about their garbage line-up and...questionable at best policies. VA gun control measures are sobering.
Sounds like a privilege of confidentiality issue. The president is afforded it so they can conduct necessary conversations. His advisors are afforded it so they can be honest with the president without worrying about what they say biting them in the ass. Frankly it is the most compelling argument I have heard - Democrats put in a rush job because they didn't want to be tied up in the courts. Not sure what happens if they come forward voluntarily or if they can be compelled. Sounds like they COULD be forced to testify, but it would not be fast or easy. That's what I picked up for the chunk I listened to this afternoon anyway.
The precedent that is set. I don't like Trump. I am inclined to think he is more than impulsive and arrogant enough to have broken laws sufficient to toss him. What I am not thrilled with is weaponizing procedures for partisan purposes. Democrats wanted this done before the next election, but I am not sure the groundwork is there for it to be done properly.
My understanding is it extends to his close aides as well. If it doesn't, that's fine - like I said, I'm no fan. I'm also not sure I how feel about him telling witnesses not to cooperate if they feel they should. Frankly I would like to hear from a whole bunch of folks under oath. Democrats probably needed to take it to the courts to get the witnesses and make the case that this was sufficient to override executive privilege and have them testify. They didn't. If they can get them in, that's fine and dandy, but I don't want to see procedures and safeguards sidestepped. Maybe there's a secret cabal of GOP senators ready to throw Trump under the bus. I doubt it, but maybe. It's probably going to be decided in November.
I have absolutely no use for this gun, but good lord it looks fun to shoot!
Seems like a good idea.
Does rolling loose tobacco have less shit in it? Not that I'm looking to start or anything, but you're always hearing about additives. Makes me wonder about the difference.
100% get you. Mud can be surprisingly deep, surprisingly fast and damn near impossible to get out of. Tripping is a real danger!
I've left them on the ice before. Sometimes it's too thin to walk on but too thick to break through. Hoping to dive it up when the weather gets warm.
The dreaded bogdie. I know it well.
I catch myself on this a lot. When I notice I'm muscling it I drop my arms loose to my side and just swing back and forth with my hips and feel my arms move due to the momentum. SO many tiny motions to master in this game!
Can you elaborate on this?
Good for you, but not for me. Almost went out today. Was cold but the snow has melted down so there wasn't too much risk of losing a disc. Ultimately it was just so gray and "blechy" out that I passed and huddled indoors.
100% agree that a tooth infection is the worst pain I've every experienced. Glad you had success with Ibuprofen. Mine worked well enough to cut down the throbbing but it still "bang head against wall" painful. It's been years and I STILL remember the feeling of relief from that shot of novocaine finally taking the pain away. The root canal took care of the issue completely - I know they have a bad rap but I have nothing but love and fondness for the procedure. 1000% would recommend. Doctor said the tooth squirted when he drilled into it from the pressure being relieved.
Lord, I wish I had built a pretty castle that was just untuned. I went back to do my post-rocket SSDs in Stonewood and apparently I'd built some sort of shanty town of mismatched walls and corridors that didn't defend shit!
There might not be much to get angry about here. Some books just are outdated. Not every kid's book written in the 50's and 60's was To Kill a Mockingbird. A lot of it is just pulp. We go through our school library from time to time and toss out the stuff that hasn't been checked out in 10-15 years to make room for newer works that may be more interesting to the kids. A lot of time we put out a "Free" table but eventually they just need to go.
He was involved with a Halloween quest. That would be my guess.
Yep, writing and characters are good-great, quests are ok-good, gameplay feels...light.
Yeah, go through manually and match by personality. If you are short, pic the rarest guys you have to fill. Feel free to Max evolve legendary survivors. I think I pushed some epics to 20 to claw a boost but not really worth doing long term. Oh, research will boost you also.
The game is definitely guilty of that.
The Tailings in Michigan uses some leftover mining structures. That's pretty darn cool. I believe there is another one in the UP that is built around an abandoned town or something. Haven't been to it, but I imagine it could be neat. Dyscfunctional Acres has a hole in which there are a large number of metal signs - pretty quirky and I'd say enjoyable. Not sure how I'd feel about something like a buried tire in the middle of a fairway.
Good course! Still haven't figured out the shot for the big downhill on #9.
There was an odd period of time where there were numerous threads talking about politicians and all the incest they were partaking in. Some folks were eating it up.
Really? Why would you be surprised at that?
Mom! I need to go Bloopers!
I don't find it particularly skippy - maybe 10 feet on a hard glancing hit. I reach for a Fuji if I want a long forward skip.
Love the feel of the Suspect but I don't think it's as overstable. Been a while since I've thrown one though.
Mmm...that Tactic sure does look nice and flat. May have to try one!
The sex drive you have starting in adolescence through your teens and maybe early 20's. I really don't think women understand it.
Thank goodness. My chem supply was starting to wane! Hate crafting the base versions of the things - well worth spending the 10 caps to not find Firecap or whatever uncommon pain in the butt herb they need.
Short answer, yeah, absolutely. You'll probably burn 500 caps travelling and need to vendor hop from time to time but it's pretty rare I don't find something worth buying within 2 or 3 servers jumps. Just make sure you have heavy pockets. 5000-8000 caps seems to be the going rate for desirable weapons with some of the real top tier/legacy stuff going for much more. I'm hoping to find a Fixer Plan myself. Only one I've seen recently I didn't have the caps for.
What in the world are you looking for that's so specific? Pretty sure I've cycled through every permutation of every weapon under the sun short of maybe a few "perfect" 3 stars that were only 2/3.
Was super excited to get the donut plan this year as I had missed it last. Turns out they're a real pain in the keister to make without a lot of benefit.
I like them. They're rare enough that they aren't a nuisance but you better believe I chem up once I hear their voice. I appreciate that they don't feel like bullet sponges and you can manage them with tactics. Gutsies, Yao Gui and Charred Feral Ghoul variants also feel like they're in a good place. All of them will mess you up pretty bad if you don't take them seriously, especially in groups. Mirelurk Kings, Sheepsquatch, and the high level Super Mutants all feel too damn spongey.
I can't think of a more precarious investment to have than a bunch of old MtG cards.
I run a game club for middle school kids in a diverse school. Let me assure you, just as many black and latino students are just as interested in nerdy stuff as white kids at that age and I generally get a good mix. Trends I have noticed though: 1. They need to be personally invited and welcomed. Putting up a flyer doesn't work. Ask them to come and welcome them when they do. 2. It tends to snowball. Once some diversity is established you'll see more come in. I haven't had a problem with it for years now because there's an established group that cycles as older kids leave and younger kids come in. 3. You do need to shut down bullshit hard and right away. Not just the obvious racist/sexist/asshole behavior, but also that general smugness that smart awkward kids tend to exude when they think they know better than somebody else. This is especially true for kids on the spectrum who tend to be attracted to these sorts of games. I spend a lot of time working with the kids on being a good player, winner, and loser. I will say the biggest pain I had was finding diverse artwork to advertise the club (Yes, I know I said you need to invite them personally, but kids have the memory of a lobotomized goldfish for this sort of thing and the frequent reminders help them remember when and where to show up). It was very difficult to find pieces that: 1. Showed males and females with diverse representation that didn't look like a pandering piece of artwork made specifically for promoting diversity. 2. Showed females in a non-sexualized way. 3. Didn't show alcohol or push the line a little too hard regarding religious imagery (I can push back against showing magical stuff, I have a hard time fighting to show pentagrams and demons). 4. Had PG-rated violence levels.
Exactly like the one I had. In the grand scheme of things I couldn't get over that odd curved rim surface. Board flat for me!
295 feet is excellent for a beginner. Was going to say a River, but if you can get that kind of distance already I'd say try out a Heat. You'll want to learn to hyzer-flip to stretch it out. You could also try lightweight plastics in higher speeds.
You draw more attention with the shirt than without.
None, really. Everything has had a season and I don't mind putting it on a shelf for a few years to come back later. I miss my D&amp;D group kind of. It was a lot of fun while playing and getting together regularly, but there were just as many nights I played out of obligation when I was tired and just wanted to put my feet up. I could probably start playing again this week but I don't want to tie up a weeknight every week for the next couple of years.
Local burrito place makes a wonderful burrito the size of a swaddled baby. Normally I cut it up into two or three meals, which is still quite a bit. I had a friend who finished one in one sitting once. Once.
A) Ruger Mark II's are awesome. B) Taking a range test with a .22 is like taking your motorcycle test with a 200cc bike. It makes things a hell of a lot easier for the test taker, so why not?
Unmowed grass. We're putting in an additional 9 holes for an established course and one of the questions we ask ourselves is "can we mow it?" Anything that stops easy mower access gets eyeballed real close on whether or not it's worth it. Aesthetics count for a lot. I don't like looking at a bunch of brush and crap. Graceful lines and a clear hole philosophy that highlight natural features are great. Poke and Hope holes without lanes are bullshit. A few narrow gaps are fine, but they need to be used in moderation.
Fireproof makes a big difference. I took it off a while back and every once in a while an exploding vehicle gets me.
My understanding is they pushed the charge to 2nd degree and the family wants 1st. Harder to convict on those charges so I wouldn't say it's outside the realm of possibility.
Ehhh, I don't know that the "different planet" feel is the result of gross disparities in funding. I think it's more attributable to the amount of trauma you're swimming in, a lot of which can be linked to growing up in poverty to be sure.
For all of the game's...rough spots...you can't claim that they slept on the map. Some of the finest work in a Fallout game.
There's a weird attitude floating around to always go max weight discs. I agree with that 100% for putters and I believe all of my mids are 170+. For my drivers though, my fastest discs are 150ish. I do keep 170 drivers for windier days though.
Holy grail gun right there! I'd also like to grab one, but I doubt I'd be willing to pay the price!
We had a fella that built his house in lowland swamp area. After a few years of fighting it he ended up asking the city to put in a drainage system. They wanted to assess everybody in the watershed $20 a year for something like 20 years because of that jackass.
Fistulas are awful. You're quite fortunate it healed up on its own. If you haven't yet, consider getting a bidet. You'll find it helps some of your issues and is quite inexpensive and easy to install.
I lucked out and got one for 50. Same price the guy had all the other masks listed at.
Every time the former raider calls me an asshole he gets a bullet to the face.
I hate cards. They cost too dang much and I feel guilty at throwing away $4 somebody spent after 8 seconds of reading a half-assed note. I refuse to buy them and have asked that they not be bought for me. The handmade ones I keep though.
I for one hope this trend on forcing people to testify continues.
Apparently 16% of Americans have a really romanticized view of drug users. I don't think they realize who does the bulk of the ugly work keeping them isolated from working society.
What exactly is a Thundervant? I saw them at the store the other day and it looks like some sort of Thunderbird with an inside joke stamped on it....
My temper has gotten very short over the years, likely due to stress. I have to be very mindful of why I am getting angry and what reaction is appropriate and what is inappropriate and misguided. Working on chores/projects or taking a walk can help. You may also want to visit the doctor for a prescription.
Socks and underwear get replaced annually. If they get a hole or the elastic gives out, they get tossed earlier. I no longer keep "work" clothes per se. I just have "new" clothes and "older" clothes. If I'm working with paint or an engine or something, the older clothes get worn. If I get them jacked up (more often then not) they get tossed and replaced. I got fairly savage about clothes in the proper size. I'm very tall so there were a lot of "marginal" items that were shorter than I like in the arm and torso. Been steadily replacing them with items that fit better. Once I find a good fitting item I tend to order several of them. Weight has been fluctuating so I put "Fat' or "Thin" clothes in storage as appropriate. When I swap them out I go through and toss what I don't like very much or is just getting worn.
Thank god we got there before those damn dirty apes.
I mean, if you leave it like that yeah. I trimmed mine and my son's hair up several times during the quarantine. Sometimes I get it right the first try, but often there's some pretty serious touch ups necessary. I've gotten really used to short hair!
Nope. Gift card for takeout though.... New babies are gifted so many clothes they wear them once before they grow out of them.
In this thread: Lists of things young boys are regularly taught unless you missed a beat as a parent.
MIddle school. Figured out it was easier to do well in school than to half-ass it, which put me in a good place for college, which put me into a good place for a career. I also generally listened to my father's advice, made good peer choices, and kept away from drugs. Haven't done everything perfectly - some choices weren't good ones in retrospect and sometimes the market just screws you, but I feel like I'm in a good place. Still don't really feel like an "adult" even though I'm proabably an age kids consider "old".
Eh, it's a pretty fun game. If I had to make a choice I'd say it's superior to Fallout 4 by a good margin. The problem is you have to wade through some student-work level bullshit that's ridiculous for a professional-level product. Bugs aside, there are definitely some extremely questionable (ok, they're not questionable, they're bad) quality-of-life decisions, balance issues, and progression issues. But.... The map is very likely the best in the series. The CAMP system isn't perfect but it's built upon and improved the Settlements in FO4. The story is on par with the other Fallouts (Acknowledging that NV DLC was head and shoulders above anything else that's been produced) and I really like the premise of significant world changes and story progression, even if it's at a glacial pace.
No. I just can't justify the expense. I miss them so badly though.
I can't remember being glad to be single ever. Yes, my wife and kids get on my nerves on occasion, but it turns out you can still go out and do stuff on your own in a healthy relationship.
That is a superbly deep and rich coloring!
Perfect, thank you!
I was just thinking this myself. A once a week cleaning seems like the "right" amount, but I swear I'm in there every 3 or 4 days because it's starting to smell like a public restroom. I blame kids. We're fortunate to have two bathrooms. I keep one, my wife keeps the other. I swear she cleans hers once a month. And it's not because she keeps it cleaner, it's just gross. Keeps the fighting down though.
I can agree with this. If I'm on my own in a hotel or something for a couple of weeks it will hardly look like anybody is living there. It's when you add in a spouse, kids, pets, and friends that things start going to pot. I take that back - yardwork is pretty much the same no matter how many people are living there.
Most are. A lot of people also like to go on about how stupid the common person is - turns out they just don't agree on everything and it's hard to accept another view point. Not to say that there aren't stupid people in the world, but most are pretty savvy when push comes to shove.
Ooo, have you gotten to the point where you're weighing the value of sticking around a couple more years at peak earnings vs saying "to hell with it" and getting a couple of extra years of retirement? I had no idea how complex retirement is! I always thought there was just a magic day where you worked enough and were done. Turns out there's a lot of give and take.
Tricky part is your health. Off the grid living is extremely appealing if you're healthy and able to live independently. Doesn't take too much for that to come toppling down, by choice, genetics, or chance.
Your in-person dating pool got narrower, but it's easy enough to make friends as an adult.
I wish it was "I'll eat whatever". Living with picky eaters sucks. Nowadays I just make what I want and they'll either eat it or they won't, but I refuse to keep eating substandard bland-ass food because every 3rd person on this planet seems to have a "sensitive tummy".
Your cats aren't busy converting money into poop for you to clean up? Wait, they have other jobs?
Eh, I like the clean look of the Vault-Tec version. This one looks neat but that life vest is sort of goofy.
Haven't been jumped by an Assaultron lately, eh?
It's nice to a data point for a reference on a bloodied build. I'm doing about 52 points a shot with about 300 something on a crit with a full health stealth build. It was when I was dealing 6 damage a shot that I realized I needed to do some serious reworking on my initial build.
They'll mess you up pretty badly. Stealth prevents a VATS target and if they manage to beam you and you can't break line of sight QUICKLY you're going down.
Normal for me depends on the setup. With an instigating lever action I usually do around 1300 if I'm stealthed and headshotting, with a few scenarios going into 2000, but it's rare. Most things are one or two shot unless I get into a big melee where a lot of things are taking small amounts of damage and I somehow lose the stealth bonus. Then it's painful. The worrisome part is it feels like a healthy build. Most garbage is one and done but things can go south in a mob or with a tough enemy. From what I'm reading, it's one of the stronger setups though. Bloodied is above that by a good ways but it's fragile. They really need to figure out a way to tune up some other play styles.
She was losing control of it anyway. Once she made the stupid boat and golf orders people started looking *real* close at what was being shoved down the pipe and questioning what was a valid precaution and what was simple overreach. I'm seeing a lot of masks still, but those numbers will start falling off pretty soon I think. We'll see what the numbers do. On the one hand, I don't recall seeing a bump from the Lansing protests. On the other hand, I'm starting to hear a lot more people indicating they've either had it, know somebody who had it, or had somebody pass from it. My prison guard buddies are all pretty worried.
I also struggle with this as well. We're taught to forgive. We're taught that everybody can wipe their slate clean and become a better person. We're taught that a person can make amends and pay their dues to society for their mistakes. But humans are imperfect and struggle. Some struggle all their lives and frankly never manage to become a good person. I don't know where George Floyd was on his journey. I don't like the conflicting autopsy reports though I'm inclined to think the cop was in the wrong here. I really, really don't like the bullshit I'm seeing the cops pull on protesters. The videos coming out are pretty damning.
I always always always thought my grandmother and grandfather kept a tidy house without many "extra" possessions. We still ended up filling a 20 yard dumpster with crap that was quite undeniably crap.
My job needs to pay my bills. Interesting is a bonus, but ultimately a luxury.
Tone and wording can matter quite a bit. We weren't there to so hard to say whether or not that's the case. My wife can be incredibly oblivious to how she's coming across irregardless of intent.
Fuck's sake, I hope you mean you played a round with the local basketball league and not that you've got a raging alcohol problem. 12 in a round is pretty blotto but tallboys?!
The rock cairns were one of my favorite parts of the course. Silly little things but they really made it memorable. Also, that hyzer shot through a window in the trees was pretty damn cool. Think it was hole 5 or 6 or so. Gotta get back up there this summer.
Woof, with all the alternates? That's a hell of a lot of holes to knock out in a day!
5 people plus 3 kids go faster than 2 people with Zuca carts. Source: Experience
We jump in where we think we can avoid causing congestion. There's often a couple of holes that make good start/end points in a course. Not always, but a lot of the local ones anyway.
My wife went nuts with that crap and there wasn't much arguing with her without it becoming a big fight in which she bought stuff anyway. It got better for pregnancy #2 but man, she got weird for that first 9 months. You're right, babies need hardly anything. A changing table is nice though, I will admit that.
I don't always buy ammo, but when I do, it's because I'm at max caps and need to burn them off on something useful.
I find CAMP plans to more or less be worthless but I am constantly moving weapon and armor mod plans. Those also tend to be the ones I buy because I don't know them all yet apparently. Well, other than Mr. Handy Blades. No idea what the hell is up with that plan.
Nice find! I compromised on a "security cabinet" after seeing what safes run. Not going to keep out anybody who wants to get in but it'll stop guests and kids from poking around.
19 degrees, eh? Call me when they have -10 figured out.
The rhetoric has him spun up. Cutting down on the bullshit consumption helps, but you can't make that choice for him.
Thought I had mono for years. Turns out it was sleep apnea. CPAP machine completely turned my life around!
It's a long-lasting sickness that is somewhat easy to catch and makes you feel chronically fatigued. We call it the "Kissing Disease" as my understanding is that is one method by which it is spread. Sort of like a nasty cold, but instead of being snotty and sneezey you're just tired all the time. There may be other effects, I don't really know much about it.
I got an extra year and a half out of my beater using a coolant stop-leak. Pain in the ass gasket went bad. I knew I was junking it once it gave out though so figured why not? Worked well enough for that purpose.
&gt; There is no rational reason for people who work for the taxpayer to need a union to protect their rights Unfortunately, there are a lot of irrational people and systems in place that force me to disagree with this statement. Police, teachers, social workers, medical providers, etc. are all forced to sometimes make decisions or take actions that other people are not going to like. They need leverage to be able to maintain independence and exercise their best judgement on sticky situations. There needs to be systems of checks and balances because otherwise you're stuck between your boss (who may or may not be competent) and the whims of the public you're interacting with.
Ooof, if you're talking teenager levels of horny that's awful!
Taking lessons from Nintendo branding I see...
14 mph is some pretty healthy wind - DEFINITELY affects my putting game. Swirling makes it hard to grab the right disc. Good job!
Great! Especially with my father because we're pretty in-step with one another. I have to make a point to include mom a bit more.
Love it!
We...do? It's been a pretty common PD subject for secondary....
It's a lot harder than it sounds to hit and if you get the femoral artery they're just as dead.
Always help. The paranoid predator bullshit is way overblown.
Please say excessive sex and degeneracy, please say excessive sex and degeneracy....
You'd be surprised! I usually search with a buddy. He'll sort of focus on the area we "think" it went down while I cruise the trails around the area in a pretty big circle. I almost always find the disc. Like I said though, some are bastards. We had one go down a woodchuck hole of all things once. That one was a pisser.
I can appreciate that it was an experiment. It worked very, very well for the Survivor in Honest Hearts. I don't think it was enough to carry an entire game though.
Labor is boring as hell. Smart move!
I like gasoline to a degree. I don't care for the odor that remains on my hands after washing them. Garage smell though? Yep!
I agree! Sharp looking disc!!!
If the house were on fire and I could only grab one because the other has a baby or something? Probably my Single Six. It was a 30th birthday present and it gets more practical use than all of my other guns combined. It's also fun to use to put holes in paper! Sure would miss the other ones though....
Financial security is huge. It sounds like you've given yourself a great foundation to do what you'd like. Being a teacher in your young 20's isn't all it's cracked up to be. If you teach high school, there's not all that much difference in age and it creates an awkward power dynamic. It's a great job for raising family, not so much for supporting one. You may also find the idea of teaching is more appealing than the actual job itself. Lots of folks realize they have a very different idea of what teaching is compared to what it's actually like in the trenches. I don't know a lot of guys that served that say the experience was worth it. They have some good stories and learned some stuff, but almost all of them indicate it was something of a waste of time and if they'd started their education and job earlier they'd be better off. They're proud of their service, but not many would recommend it if other options are available. Some of them are outright bitter about it. Mileage may vary. Yes, you had less responsibility back then, but I'm guessing you don't have kids, a mortgage, ailing parents, or personal health issues yet. You're very likely still at a low responsibility period of your life. One piece of advice - if you find yourself going into teaching, don't let your accounting license lapse. Pay the dues, take the classes, whatever it is you need to keep it current. When/if you get your teaching certification, do the same thing for that. It keeps doors open and it's usually a pain in the butt to recertify.
Yep. And having the spouse of a former president running is some banana republic shit. I didn't like having the Bush father/son combo either - sets a damn bad precedent. She sure seems to get a pass on her...very questionable positions... as well. The violent video game crap she was involved in may be forgotten by some, but it sure formed a lot of my opinion on her. Same thing with her reaction to Bill's cheating. Or half the shit she did as SoS. Or as a Senator. Plenty of unpalatable stuff beyond "BUT SHE WAS SMEARED!!!"
Jesus. Remember the camera patch and all those dumb skins and challenges? They really thought they had something there.
Accidents and traffic.
It's possible both things can be shitty and require different solutions to address.
I doubt people give much of a shit about GF as much as the situation under which he died. Arsonists may burn down my compost pile. I am concerned that arsonists are doing stuff like that.
You can feed your poor neighbor who's down on their luck. You can't feed the whole world. It's ok to isolate a problem to an actionable level.
Sounds like a heavy lift to me. Black-on-black violence and flawed policing techniques don't strike me as having a lot of overlap.
I taught summer school many years. I just needed the extra money and thought "this isn't so bad". I stopped a few years back. It turns out it wasn't THAT much money and having a summer off is really, really, really nice. God willing I will never teach summer school again.
Because he's a "martyr" now. If he'd OD'd or gotten hit by a bus nobody would be paying attention. Why GF instead of Breona Taylor or one of the others? Why does anything become viral. It just happened to take root in the right circumstances to take off.
If a 10 minute drive makes it a food desert most of the US likely applies.
Silver Beach Pizza is a great little walking area. Free parking for a few hours, splash pad that is sometimes working (I think they overhauled it a year or two back), and a super nice beach area. Last time we were in the area there was a neat sidewalk art festival thing going on. Blueberry picking when they're in season - not sure how the end of June is for it.
Drugs. Stay the hell away from them. There is entirely too cavalier an attitude on Reddit about "OH MY! YOU TOTALLY SHOULD TRY THEM! THEY'RE COMPLETELY HARMLESS AND MAKE YOUR LIFE BETTER!" Bullshit. Best case scenario? You have a fun night. Worst case scenario? You wreck your health and relationships and end up with a record. Not necessarily one of those "bullshit drug war" arrests either, but a very real consequence to some dumbass action you took while high that hurt somebody else.
Noticed NBC had a blurb about diversity training for workers. Wonder if that means paid staff or all leadership, including volunteers. Getting damned tired of being told I don't know how to human properly without training in one breath while the other is begging me to serve as a male role model for our youth.
Pretty soon they're going to have to start developing "Recruitment and Retention" training. There's already a great deal of grumbling at the the YPT. Old blood is getting tired and my generation is getting wary of camps being sold, programs and activities being shut down, and the chronically outstretched hands pleading for fundraising.
I'm afraid of wastes of time. I'm hurt by the implications. I question whether they have the expertise to create a program that is more helpful than hurtful. I know that this is going to be one more thing that will cause volunteers to wonder if this particular cause is the one that is worth their efforts.
No. Top down meddling that destroyed local council networks and activities coupled by increasingly restrictive policies and regulations watering down the scouting experience. If I had to put my finger on it, I'd say the opportunities it provides to grow from a kid into an adult have been limited.
Scouting is very open to accepting individuals with various disabilities. It's a real strength in the program.
I spent an hour or so typing out a rather long response trying to explain where I am with scouts at the moment. On reflection, I'm not sure that's super relevant and you likely know the history anyway. I'll try bullet points to see if I can keep it succinct. 1. Scouting is in the middle of an identity crisis. It seems seems to be at war with itself regarding inclusion and exclusion. 2. The scouting of my youth is not the scouting of today. Some of it is evolution - times change. Some of it is entropy - things fall apart if they are not tended. Some of it is destructive - poor decisions on the parts of some have eliminated opportunities for our youth. 3. Scouting does not appear to have its house in order. Some of it is financial - bankruptcy for the sins of the past and some very questionable situations regarding camps and properties. Some of it is philosophical - what does it mean to be a scout today? 4. National vs. Regional vs. Local control is a mess, at least for my area. Long story short, there are so many different causes and groups and efforts that need good people. Sports, youth groups, community groups, church groups, educational groups - many of them great places to volunteer and make a difference. With scouting apparently in a constant state of reactive flux over the past 10 years, it's hard to say what it's going to look like in the next 10. I'm worried scouting in my area is going to collapse based on the texts and emails I've been getting and conversations I'm hearing both tonight and over the past several years. It's just "one more thing". Another redditor commented that this will be his 5th or 6th diversity training due to his work and the things he's involved with. I'm in the same boat. I volunteer my ass off. I'm tired of diversity training. I'm tired corralling and coaxing and cajoling people into following up on another training. I'm tired of being asked to lead groups and be a role model and "oh, could you manage this please?" I'm tired of stepping up. I'm tired of getting other people to step up. I'm tired of the CYA papers I need to keep signing and having just so I can step up. I think Scouting has a heavy lift ahead of it. I look at the other things I'm involved with and I just don't know if I can help keep my little piece of it together in my area, not when I see so many others walking away because they're fed up with being told to change because what they were before wasn't good enough. "It's just diversity training, what kind of evil person can be against that?!" It's not just diversity training (which I don't have all that much faith in being all that well thought out or effective based on what I've seen floating out there). It's just one more thing. Edit: There's my explanation for you u/Anthem40
My wife is like this. Generally agreeable and she enjoys the act, but it never crosses her mind to initiate because she's very rarely just "in the mood". Frankly it sucks. Getting to do 95% both of the mental and physical load regarding sex and intimacy while a little voice in the back of your head constantly asks why she just isn't more into you isn't the most fun cross to bear.
Edit: Removed to de-emphasize my personal situation.
Oh, I love my wife a great deal and we're in a relationship that works. The old saw about "Do more work and it'll turn her on" is a damaging mindset I feel and hate to see it propagated.
Your assumption was that my wife's low level of sexual initiative was related to me half-assing the relationship generated the tally. It's not a list I have floating around to whip out just in case. Parenting isn't a chore so I didn't include it. It's a good part of the day. Disciplining the kids are not a fun part of the day, so I included it. But hey, "Do our chores fellas, that'll really put me in the mood!"
Of course I love my wife. I have a great marriage. The "Reactive Desire" part of it is not great. I suppose I'm not so much reading "Having Reactive Desire is ok and you're ok" as much as "Having Reactive Desire abdicates you from being a pro-active participant in your sex life because it's hardwired into you". Anger is probably transference from some other unrelated strife going on in life so far. It doesn't surprise me that it's coming across that way. I suppose Reddit is a safe space to let it fly a bit.
Oh, we've had those conversations many times over the years. It's settled into "it is what it is". It's one facet of the relationship, not all of it. She'll do things if prompted and asked. I'm just never going to be "surprised" by a thoughtful gesture because she's just not going to think of it. I get it too, I had some health stuff that killed my libido for a few months so I understand how sex can literally not cross your mind. It's a very jarring point of view compared to thinking about it chronically nearly every second of the day, which thankfully has abated over the years.
You're absolutely right, which is why I hate seeing "Do more chores and it will turn her on" being constantly touted as advice to this problem.
I have to think that there's a middle ground between "Your biology must match mine perfectly" and "Incompatible".
That seems to imply sexuality is rigid, or am I over-reaching?
&gt; aren't going to use what little they have for getting horny. That's sort of what it boils down to, isn't it? Should both partners be using that mental energy to maintain romance and intimacy? I'm inclined to think it's a shared load. I think a lot of sex is mental in addition to biological. I may be wrong, but I don't think so.
But it's also what I've been trying to tell you. Sex has a mental component. It isn't healthy to expect one partner to carry the burden of romance and initiating intimacy. Both partners have to set aside mental energy to nurture it. I think I set things offtrack when I described my wife as likely having a reactive desire and responded to your question about the division of labor. Our relationship is great, but she's terrible at initiating or providing romance. The expectation is that I do it. I don't think that's a situation to be held up as healthy, even if it may be common. I don't care for the term "normal" being used to describe it.
The only person that change a person is themselves. I'm trying to make the point that if a person happens to have reactive desire, they need to devote some of their mental energy to how they are going to help sustain the intimacy and romance of a relationship instead of requiring their partner to perform all of that particular task. My marriage is great. I've said it before and I'll maintain it. I've said it in numerous unrelated posts to this. We addressed Responsive Desire many years ago, though we certainly didn't know what it was called. We talked. We communicated. We came to an understanding. She needs to occasionally devote some mental energy to remembering that she should initiate and maintain romance. Normally I initiate the vast, vast majority of it and that's fine, but the efforts that she puts forward even if she has to be purposeful about it are important to the well-being of our marriage. I was hoping to get across the point that if a person has Responsive Desire it's important for them to devote some mentally energy to initiating and supporting intimacy even if it doesn't always come naturally. Relying on your partner to do all of the initiating may be common, but it shouldn't be seen as normal.
I haven't, thank you for the recommendation. My wife and I have made our peace with our natures and have things pretty well worked out. Unfortunately I think I communicated poorly and ended up presenting my wife's and my marriage/sex life as a dumpster fire when I meant to bring forward our experiences as a cautionary tale and that Responsive Desire was something that should be worked through instead of accepted as normal.
Eh, nothing wrong with two lady engineers. The more the merrier!
"Go home. I have shit to do."
Sometimes it sneaks in there. The crafting stuff is common to find since it doesn't autoscrap, but occasionally you misclick or zone out on your sequencing.
Man, I use chems and booze pretty darn frequently but the addictions have been fairly rare lately. I do *occasionally* run lowish on addictol (as in, a dozen left) but that can usually be solved but looking for vendors.
God, stims are heavy as hell. And what sucks if you're going to tank pylons you DO need a ton of them!
Which crimes are victimless? I always hear sex work and drugs, but one involves a lot of abuse and human trafficking and the other seems to be involved in the vast, vast, vast majority of other crimes being committed....
If you're talking a couple hundred bucks a month it probably isn't worth it. If you're talking $1000's.....I mean, maybe? 1. Shit gets out. Like other posters have mentioned, it's most likely to come out due to somebody vindictive outing you. It can be dredged up through legal action though. It can also just happen by chance. There are plenty of "Open" secrets in a school - who's cheating on who, who's a swinger, who's on what substance. It all comes out eventually. Every one of those examples is a real life one, incidentally. 2. You'll be fired if the wrong people get out to it, as many, many, many people have mentioned. Especially as a male elementary teacher. 3. It's worth keeping in mind what, 50% of teachers quit in 5 years? So that's a thought. Not sure what the age-out rate is on sex work though.
Everybody mentions the black market like that's the problem. It's one aspect of the problem. Another aspect of the problem is the stupid shit people do either on drugs or in pursuit of more drugs. It's not victimless when other people are dealing with your methed-up ass.
Thunderdome, obviously.
I'd prefer for there to be less users. The addicts are certainly problematic, but a one-time user is perfectly capable of doing harmful actions. I suppose if you want to provide a locked room for people to shoot dope in and let them out when they're sober that could work.
My dad is great! Buddy told me that I wasn't doing myself any favors wearing a cowboy-esque hat as far as looking like my father went (who's well known for wearing tilly-type hats). I told him it kept the sun off and I absolutely didn't mind being compared to my father.
No, I don't think you actually can make that argument.
That's a good example.
Not sure. Frankly I've been in mourning the last few days since the diversity announcement. Based on the texts and talks I've seen flying around for my network I strongly suspect our regional scouting is going to take a massive hit. We were already eyeballing losing about 1/3 of our membership due to the new fees and are worried about the impact COVID will have on fall retention, much less recruitment. We also took a big hit in our volunteer adult force with the integration of girls into the scouting program (Not passing judgement on it - I personally couldn't even tell you how I feel about it. We haven't had ladies sign up so I haven't had to reflect on it much). The YPT wasn't popular and so far neither is the simple *idea* of diversity training. The consequence is that the old guys are "noping" out and frankly there isn't a younger group in our area stepping up into leadership roles. The enthusiastic "Don't let the door hit you on the way out" message I'm seeing floating around...may prove regrettable when the smoke clears. If worse comes to worse I'll teach my boy the skills I've learned and find or make a place for him to learn leadership and teamwork. Options exist.
Not really any more. I was a voracious pleasure reader when I was younger. The book store was a regular drop off for my allowance and later my teenage paycheck. As I've grown older my reading has shifted to work-related and study-related. I still read books for pleasure, but likely only a half dozen a year now instead of 2 or 3 a week. Part of it is work reading diminishing the interest, part of it is difficulty finding things that interest me any more. I've noticed I have developed the habit of discarding books if they do not really interest me in the first chapter or two. As such, I tend to rely on libraries now. I'll grab 10 that look interesting and finish the one or two that grab me. I also noticed a disturbing trend with my old books - they just don't store very well. I've had to throw out many copies due to moisture damage or rodents or just a weird...dusty dry texture thing that I can't really describe. It's just off-putting. I had held onto many partially to reread my favorites and partially for my children. Thing is, my favorites that I re-read are slowly but surely getting battered and falling apart and ultimately discarded and not replaced and my kids don't really have interest in the stories that interested me as a youth. I also have come to appreciate the amount of space it takes to store a library (or really, a family's library). I still buy an occasional pleasure book - almost always when I'm on a trip or vacation and need something to kill some time. It's rare though. I've come to appreciate being able to simply get one from the library and return it when I'm done so it's not taking up space in the house. If I want to reread it, I just recheck it out.
Sigh. Yep. Wish I could say it gets better as they get older but at this point there doesn't look to be an end in sight. It's always doing the most random-ass vapid stuff too. How did the golf club break? "I was hitting a tree with it." Like on accident? "Yes, I was trying to chop it down and the club just broke." Sigh.
Throw it out. Throw it out. Throw it out. Yes, it sucks you're adding plastic to the environment - that damage was done when the thing was made. Nobody wants it. It has no value. THROW IT OUT.
Lots of people do! It's just not WotC doing it.
I'm not sure why I love this comment, but I do. I think it's because I can picture a cartoonish explosion of blood and bits followed by a moment of stunned silence and pregnant pause on the part of your mom until a delighted look spills over her face as the words "That was awesome" spills out of her with all the glee of a 10 year old.
The infamous Birdogie.
First of all, I want to say I'm damned proud of you for standing up for yourself in that situation. I mean that genuinely, even though I know piss-all else about you. You did good. The ugly truth is condoms sort of suck. They change the feeling, no ifs, ands , or buts about it. They tend to leave a funny smell on your hands (and I have to assume penis), can be a nuisance to put on, and are sometimes ill-fitting and uncomfortable. There have been times I've been unable to reach orgasm due to a deadening feel or something just feeling off. That said, in some regards condoms rock. They can really help staying power if you're having problems with sensitivity, they make cleanup a lot easier, and there's the whole layer of protection against disease and kids. My wife and I used condoms for years, both before and after marriage. Hell, I've been snipped and we're both disease free in a monogamous relationship and I'll still bust one out every once in a while. Not often, but sometimes. For a large part of our relationship, we used them off and on - usually off initially, then on to "finish up". Though the ship has sailed long ago, I'd *never* neglect to use a condom with somebody I was beginning a relationship with (or I suppose a random sex encounter if you're into that sort of thing). Condomless sex requires a huge leap of trust. Like, moving in together level of trust. Having a baby together level of trust. Literally putting your life in their hands level of trust. You can change your ass FOREVER without one.
Super. Two geezers with dementia to choose from.
So hard not to run a C2 you haven't birdied before. The wind or a fast green is inevitably what gets me into trouble though. Nothing quite like missing a putt only to have to do the exact same putt from the other side.
I mean, it sort of sounds like she's earning $40k a year for a 24/7 job.
Throw them out, especially if you're talking travel-size. Give them to friends and family if you think they'll take them. But accepting opened hygiene products from strangers is...not a common inclination.
&gt; You might want to check how long ago you opened them. Most products have a relatively short lifespan. This is an excellent point. I've certainly found products that are years old stowed away one place or another and they get quite...unusable.
Love Self-Determination Theory. Good on you for being aware of it. Given you age, your first step is to simply see what's out there. There are many educational philosophies and methods. See what different cultures do and how effective it is. No sense creating something from scratch that's already out there. You can start checking research to see what common trends are. Unfortunately educational research is not in the best of places right now regarding quality, consistency, and repeatability. There's a lot of it though, so some truths are to be gleaned. A word of warning. When something becomes evaluative it ceases to become a measurement. Take any number or program with punitive measures associated with it with a massive grain of salt. Lots of "wonder schools" cooking the books to avoid consequences. This is painfully, painfully true of graduation rates but we have plenty of cheating on standardized tests and unreported discipline as well.
YES! Completely! It's not 100% what I used to get, but it's awfully close to it. I LOVE being able to touch things up and keep it short every week or two as well, instead of "milking it" and stretching it out to 6, 8, or 10 weeks.
I agree. I do use a mirror to "check" though.
They were a ton of fun the first couple of times. Just not a lot of point to keep redoing them. Hmm, if they awarded treasury notes maybe....
&gt; 1-current world affairs have sucked for a hot min. It’s a lot. I can really appreciate this comment. It seems like it's been one thing after another for a while. I hate to stick my head in the sand and ignore it all but it's difficult to process and manage everything that's going on in a healthy way.
I don't know, I don't really feel close to somebody unless there's some ball busting going on. It indicates a level of trust. Shouldn't always be the default, but if your friends aren't calling out your shit in a good-natured fashion they're probably more like acquaintances in my opinion. Gotta know where to draw the line though and when to exhibit restraint.
Fruit of the Loom and Hanes both seem to have taken a crap in recent years. I think I ended up throwing one batch of socks away after I realized they felt like spun plastic grocery bags on my feet.
I was under the impression wrongful termination was only in play for protected classes. I am 100% prepared to be told I'm incorrect on this.
Couple of years ago I would have also been in the "guy was a scumbag, played a stupid game, won a stupid prize" camp as well. I'm definitely moving a bit more into the belief that maybe police need to be showing a little more restraint on this sort of thing. Seeing way too much "Well that doesn't seem right" videos and claims floating around, which makes me damn curious about how much stuff I was dismissive on before.
Is that the one documenting the homeless situation? Can't remember the name of it, but there was an excellent documentary about the uglier side of homelessness and the different approaches to dealing with it.
2nd sticky on the top it looks like.
I SCUBA to find discs for some hazards. You better believe they tend to stay where they land when they're 20+ feet down. Found a couple in the 5 year club.
No name/no number is a keeper - do what you want with it. If you're tight with the community, feel free to check their Facebook page for the no names. In many regards I treat the no names as my reward for going through the effort of fishing them up.
Huh, interesting idea! Will have to see if I can sneak that in
Some people get an instant connection. I took a few months if I recall correctly. Frankly, the older my kids get the stronger I feel about them. Not sure if it's a function of time or maturity.
It's not uncommon, but it also isn't the norm. The gold standard is if a disc is marked, you contact the number. If you don't want to and a drop off is provided, you can drop the disc off and let "They/Them" take care of it for you. Some people just leave the marked ones on baskets and walk away from them completely, possibly without contacting the number at all. Unmarked is trickier and is a bit divisive in the community. One attitude is that if the disc is unmarked it's essentially yours. Note that the expectation is that you ask the groups ahead of you if they've lost a disc so it's not an immediate "finders keepers". Another attitude is that you need to go to...significant...levels of effort to find the owner. Research on Facebook, reach out to local players, ask around. A drop box is sort of an in-between with a "but". On the one hand, it's easy and takes the burden off of the finder. On the other, you don't really know what happens to that disc. Perhaps the original owner would have wanted you to have it. Perhaps the club gave it back. Perhaps nobody claimed it and it's now the club's property to dispose of as they wish. For a disc found on the fairway or left in a basket, no big deal. For a disc you fish out of the water or waded through brush and marsh for? Tougher call, because you had to work to find that disc.
I like Barsby personally. He definitely made me a fan with his Climo impression - just seems like a cool dude to hang with. Nikko and Philo are also great! Paige Pierce when she relaxes and has fun. Hokom, Bjerkaas and Shue are all also worth watching!
I thought Kaepernick was kneeling because he wanted to bring attention to police brutality with a bit of general inequality issues in there as well.
My exact thoughts! It's always good to use marginal land and always good to have more disc golf courses, but goodness!
This sounds right to me. It's also interesting as you do research because you start seeing the same names popping up over and over again. You start to get an idea of who's an expert in what and getting a feel for the "lay of the land" and current understandings. I have no idea why I get the little shot of glee I do when I see an author referencing another article or paper I've also read.
It's cool, I gave him an exemption.
3 pylon tanking the encripted event is the main issue I have with balancing my stash weight. I hardly EVER use stims and colas (w/ cola nut) during normal play. Maybe 1 or 2 over an hour of play tops, so I tend to accumulate them. WIth Encryptid though, 3-tanking the pylons means I may blow through 20 stims and colas each fairly easily. Makes it a pain in the rear to decide how many to stash (at 1 lb apiece).
Lard-asses in power armor blocking my shots tends to be more annoying. They are usually the ones pumping heavy weapons damage into her so I suppose it is what it is.
A lot of it boils down to "I have no faith that this will get done unless me and mine do it." It's a lesson I taught my son when he asked why I volunteered so much.
That's pretty damn great.
I found the traditional "You may be an alcoholic if..." list to be basically dead on. If you have to wonder, chances are pretty good there's an alcohol problem present. It gets murkier if you chew on there being a sort of "spectrum" of alcoholism. The person that binge drinks every Friday is different from the person that drinks a couple of drinks every night to "even out" and is different from the one that pours bourbon into their coffee in the morning. It's very, very eye opening to discover how little alcohol Joe or Jill Average consumes. Or, maybe the perception on the amount they consume being so little is a reflection on how much of a problem alcohol can become as it sneaks into your life. How do you discover if somebody you're dating is a "secret" alcoholic? Tough to do I think. I'd try and pay attention to whether they ever leave a drink half finished and how they behave around "unlimited" alcohol opportunities.
They review it in government/civics. Why is the assumption always that we are not teaching important societal stuff?
Gotcha! Suppose it would be doable. Not much different than a blood drive I reckon.
I'm a fan of stainless- wish I had a bearcat in it. I will say that stainless lever action is just...I don't know. I want to say offputting but I dont find it offensive to the eye at all. It's just so....unconventional.
Teachers can sometimes use the animal beanie babies to teach classification of organisms.
I don't understand why anybody applies anything to their lawn. It's expensive and not good for the environment. Just mow it regularly and it manages to be pretty lawny without further interventions.
No thank you. The GOP can do far, far better.
I've found success with Intermittent Fasting, but it doesn't always stick. My big thing is once I start eating, I tend to eat a lot. It worked better for me to have 1 big meal a day and then maybe a smaller one to kind of get me through. Usually I try to not eat until noon (at minimum) and stop eating by 7:00. If it's not in that window, I just went hungry. I also have to be damn cautious about the food I bring in the house. I do NOT have the willpower to resist potato chips.
Good lord - what "conservative" values do you hold that Trump is the paragon upon which all others are judged?! He's not a moral man nor does he show...frankly even the barest dregs of family values. He's not good on 2A. He's not good on 1A. He's not good on deficit spending. He's not good on personal responsibility or being held accountable for one's actions. He doesn't really seem to have any clear plan on the economy unless you're an isolationist, which doesn't strike me as free market oriented. He wants to build a wall and he's maybe possibly rubber stamped some decent judges? He kept Hillary out of office, I'll give him that but I am one and done with this president.
Heard good things about the 131. I use an FS90 with blades for our courses and that thing is a damn beast on brush. Don't use it so much for maintenance as blasting out new fairways or disc collection paths.
Agreed! I'm just not looking forward to the day I ask too much of it and something gives that wasn't meant to give. Sometimes I don't feel like getting out the saw and use it to take down 3"-4" shit trees, which is asking a bit much of it. I have found it works great for bringing rotting stumps level with the ground for mowing though!
Hey, if you're the guy out there swinging one this is important stuff!!
I hate the "all or nothing" attitude that pervades so many things. Give me the HPA and I'm a happy camper. Don't really see the harm in SBRs or Shotguns either!
That makes it sound way less impressive. Pretty sure there area lot of old timers with jars of mercury in the basement that you could say the same thing of though.
It's not a bad idea, but...also not that simple. 1. As several users have pointed out, it's a "short term" solution. The tree grabs some carbon out of the air and store it as organic material. Then it dies and releases it. We can probably retard the rate of release by putting it in an anaerobic environment or something (burying it) but I'm not sure what that would look like at scale. Might end up with methane though, and that's not better. 2. Where are we putting this trillion trees? Are we mandating that private property owners plant trees on their land? Are we removing one ecosystem in favor of another? 3. We're already actually pretty good about replanting trees and increasing green space. Where are we going to see a trillion trees worth of increased capacity?
I'd go nuts if I could only drive with putters. Very uncomfortable rims for that for me. Personally I don't see any problem going up to a 5 or 6 speed like a Buzzz or Leopard.
I always have to wonder what it's like to have TIME to replay games. My backlog is huge.
Looked forward to the game for months, possibly years. Heard praises heaped upon it like crazy from friends and gaming communities. Finally learned it never went on sale and just bought the thing. Returned it after dinking around for an hour and realizing "Holy shit, playing this game effectively is going to be like taking another grad class." Ended up refunding it. I'll take another swing at it if it ever goes on sale. Right now it's too damn intimidating.
Funnily enough, my research classes told me this was still a no-no. Still need to cite properly.
Which country is it like this in?
When I was first learning about the firearm world I know I was shocked to find out how disproportionately expensive revolvers were compared to autoloaders. Deals can be had to be sure, but you've really got to scour the used market. Unfortunately, the good deals are often grandpa's gun that the family doesn't appreciate. Lord knows I love em though.
The blatant racism is bullshit, but are Star BM's really up to $500 now? That seems really damn high....
THAT sounds more along the lines of what I would expect.
That's what I ended up going with for pretty much the same reasons - keeps the kids and casual snoopers out. Hope to get a safe some day for the right price but a serious safe commands a serious price. $120 must be the full sized long gun cabinet though. I swear I got my file cabinet sized one for something like $50.
Love my Model 19 even though it's not really supposed to eat a .357 on the regular. Just a classic beauty. Ruger Blackhawk is also a hoot and a half but I suppose you need a taste for Single Actions to justify one.
Oh. I mean, you sure on that? Some only have the 4 year degree because that is the minimum required for certification unless you get into some real loopy situations. Most go on to get master's degree. [Source](https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=58) As far as curriculum goes, it varies. Math tends to be fairly rigid in what gets taught when in my experience. On the other hand, most of the other subjects have a good deal of freedom in how they wish to deliver the lesson. If the district provides a curriculum, it's typically more of a guide than a set of instructions and was generally written with "in-house" teachers instead of following something canned. Maybe not always, but it's very, very common. Numbers I've seen for efficacy of the US's public education system don't look great at first glance. If you start parsing numbers we look a lot better. We do very well with our "privileged" (well off) students. We move the needle quite a bit more than we probably should be with out "challenged" (poor) students. Taken as a whole the numbers look pretty average but an argument can be made it's because so much of our pool of students come from a "challenged" background.
Establish a consistent nap and bed time. At 18 months the kid should still be taking two naps a day and giving you 3+ hours of peace. Make sure the kid has a consistent (early) bedtime. 7 PM is about right. Try and encourage independent play if you can. To me the toddler years are the toughest. They are old enough to move around and get into trouble and too young to be left unsupervised or even independent for longish periods. Good luck man. Those naps are key though!
One issue with splitting PvP and PvE is that it strains resources. Every gal or guy you have monkeying around with PvP balance is one who's ignoring some of the glaring PvE balance issues. Content developed for PvP is less content for PvE. You end up half-assing both. It may be necessary to acknowledge that has a PvP game, FO76 is lousy. They can keep trying to force it, but they're never going to get something that's going to nurture more than a handful of diehards who like the branding. At least they're slowly but surely removing the griefing opportunities, which as far as I can tell seems to be a lot of the purpose of PvP mechanics at this point.
Make the workshop revert to unowned if not defended. If somebody wants to spend literally every minute of their play time defending workshops more power to them. It wouldn't be the norm I think.
I don't know. I can't EVER remember workshops being super farmed, even when the rewards were much higher during beta/launch. I only saw pvp/competition at the ammo factory. Everything else was basically ignored. Maybe the power plants when they were making fusion cores at a higher rate. I see occasional grabs now that I suspect are just dailies getting done. Hardly ever come across a developed workshop. Very rarely see anybody trying to grab a workshop that has been claimed by somebody else. Happened maybe a half dozen times since launch and I tend to grab them for fast travel points if I am putting time into the game that day. Probably been killed over a workshop....3 times maybe?
From what I have seen, if you were able to get an education and a decent career home ownership has been very attainable. If you muddled through and got a "job" to pay the bills, it's much more difficult. That said, I live in the mid-west where COL is reasonable. People complain about $800 rent and think $2000 is absolutely insane for a downtown apartment.
It is, but not if it is an accident. It's like when you totally whiff your line but somehow manage to sneak your disc through Sherwood forest for a passable par.
A compliment is a compliment! I'll take what I can get. That said, I'd be a little worried about the guy. Things are leagues better for LGBT than they used to be, but I suspect there are still a fair number of psychos out there that would react poorly.
I'm a "Zone" kind of guy. If a number works for you, that's great! I need to pick an area, counter, drawer - something with boundaries that I can tackle. Then I know when I"m done and can get a feeling of accomplishment!
Weasel was the high point of the raider questline. Truth be told though, I enjoyed the settler allies waaaay more than the raider characters. It wasn't what I expected based on Reddit scuttlebutt.
Sounds like they fucked up the restraint technique. Does raise an eyebrow when people say things like "throwing a sandwich does not justify restraint". If they're non-compliant to verbal redirection you're basically left with the option of clearing the room while they work through their tantrum. Or bribing them with a bag of chips to behave I guess.
We get what, 50ish a day + 150 a week now? So ~500 a week if you clear everything now. Hmm. Suppose we'll have to see. Atop Shop currently trickles out just enough stuff for me to clear my atoms out but it's pretty rare I'm short currently.
I agree. Looking through the season rewards it's pretty thin regarding things I'll be interested in. Rank 19 is realistically as far as I'd need to go, though I suppose I can mix up my Faschnacht steins with the Jangles one.
Freddie Fear's usually has a couple, though the increased traffic seems like it's been picked over fairly frequently. I make sure to snag it whenever I get a chance. Same with Gum Drops. Also, Morgan High School usually spawns on the table in the hall with a couple of corpses reaching into candy pumpkins.
Well, thinking in a school setting: 1. Kids get ~20 minutes for lunch. If they have to clear the cafeteria they may not get to finish eating. If they are held over to allow time to eat, they are deprived of class time. If they are deprived of class time, it inhibits their education, with negative consequences for both the school and student. 2. If a student can clear a room by acting out, that student now has control over their environment and others around them. I'm sure you can predict what happens once students figure out they have this control. 3. Outbursts like this aren't rare in some populations/settings.
There would be a whole decision tree of events and decisions. It would probably start with "What is the history surrounding this event and the current circumstances?"
1. So, you just tell the folks working "Sorry, Billy threw a fit and you need to stay over for a yet to be determined time?" Time just doesn't magically appear. 2. Some kids have no control in their lives. If this is the one thing they can exert control over, they will exercise that option. Amusement, validation, straight-up meanspiritedness - take your pick on their reasons. 3. Sounds like they did and they messed up. I'd wonder why so many adults were necessary to restrain the ~~student~~ kid but in my experience it's because they're going apeshit and it's difficult to control without somebody being hurt.
1. It's not the kids, it's the staff. Even then the kids will likely have their own sets of time obligations like appointments. 2. I don't know how anticipating things is going to solve the problem. 3. Ultimately you're right. I feel bad for the kid. I feel bad for the staff being charged. I feel bad over whatever confluence of events brought things to a head in that cafeteria. I don't necessarily think clearing the room is the right intervention. Better than killing a kid, but that's a low bar.
In these situations I bring one of the large outside trashcans inside and begin to go through the garbage. If it makes me feel gross, I chuck it. There is very, very, very little worry that you'll throw out anything of value. In most cases once it gets to that state it's garbage anway. A 2nd box for stuff to donate to other folks can be helpful, but it had better have real value.
I went with glass containers with plastic lids. It's really not much more of a nuisance transporting them to work and whatnot. If you have regular every day bowls that come with lids that's just bonus because less stuff! Cornell or Corningware sells dishes like this.
Not sure to be honest. I've met some weird people out disc golfing. Older fella may have been half in the bag and realized what it may have looked like when he disavowed himself. I'd have to say trust your gut. A 50 year old playing with a teenager is a bit sketchy, but I can also see a solo player wanting to "look out" for a solo kid on the course in the late evening. If it felt off though, it probably was.
Damn! That looks like the size I was looking for! Oh well, have to file that away in the old memory file for the next bag replacement.
Whitehall is also well worth the trip. That area is positively ripe with awesome disc golf.
I think they've snuck it up to 36 holes also. Personally I like the front and back original 9. I know a lot of folks love the deep 9 but I never really get the appeal. Some interesting holes, but a couple of lousy ones too in my opinion.
&gt; or make them happier I mean, that seems like a very reasonable expectation for a girl/boyfriend.... I get what you're saying though. Being in a relationship won't fix something fundamentally broken within oneself - that's a personal journey.
Marketing is a strange beast. They look super happy though!
Shoes are huge. I was thinking my knees were going out about your age as well. Turns out I had one pair of shoes (that I frequently wore) that was just shot. They looked good, appeared to be in good shape and were comfortable, but I think the heel must have collapsed and caused me to stand oddly. Once I chucked them (and I hated doing it because I'm ~~cheap~~ frugal) the problem disappeared basically overnight. They were reasonable quality shoes as well. Forget the brand, but they were in the $100-$150 range. Weren't all that old either. New insoles didn't help the problem, it was something with the shoe itself.
I keep trying to get into this show but it just doesn't stick. I get to episode 3 or 4 and my interest just sort of fizzles.
Voat. It has its own issues.
That's a hard sell. An *awful* lot of complaining could have been mitigated by occasionally seeding old events with new plans. Look at who's running what the least - throw a few 1%-5% drop plans in those rarely run events and watch them become popular suddenly. Using the atom shop as the sole source new content probably wasn't a great business plan.
It's a nice gesture, but $35k isn't exactly retirement money. $350k would probably do it at 70. If he's frugal. And health isn't an issue.
The article says Chicago...
Did...did her jaw unhinge?
Hmm, seems like I usually just ask them if they want to do a given activity. Not really worth overthinking it. Sometimes it doesn't really click though. My neighbor is a nice guy and I jaw with him a fair bit over the fence. He's got a lot of family life going on though so after a couple of reach outs I just sort of let accepted he'd be a friendly neighbor instead of a friend who's a neighbor. Nothing wrong with that. I 100% get that you've only got so many punches on your friend card available and now may not be the season for a given friendship.
It goes up and down. Sometimes several times a week, sometimes once or twice a month. Most of it is based on how often I feel like getting things moving. I'd say stress is the biggest factor but man oh man do kids kill spontaneous sex and narrow your "go time" windows. Horrifically, the older they get the worse it gets. Little kids are a nuisance but at least they go to bed early. Teenagers keep their own damn hours and sass ain't an aphrodisiac.
Would be a good legendary perk.
Same, though I think I did it last week. I knew damn well there'd be a drought after Wastelanders so I've been rationing out the content. Still haven't finished the Wayward quests. Figure I'll do that after grinding bullion a bit.
Tons of these glitches popped up. Conversations not giving you the option to progress, .5 to 1 second delay on menu command inputs that are annoying a hell. I'm assuming it has to do with lag, but it frustrating.
Yep. Mental energy becomes a very tangible thing when you're working through emotionally charged objects. Papers aren't so much emotionally charged but there's certainly some decision-making on value and consequences of disposing of it.
The positive feedback loop is real!
The sound of $2000 leaving your pocket when your car makes a sharp heavy bang and stops.
Education. Some kids are going to cause a lot of misery and heartache to people who did nothing to deserve it as they work through growing up.
It really just sounds like the plan is to open with full intent to re-close 2nd semester after a bunch of people get sick.
Got a couple of discs we have returned multiple times. You dredge it up and go "huh, this one looks familiar". Sure enough, you recognize the name. I can also personally attest that my buddy has a disc that is hellbent on returning to the pond it came from. Have had to fish it out of the same hole it came from at least four or five times.
&gt; Not that the Karate Kid is some amazing work of art, Now why do you have to throw shade like that?
&gt; Biden's gun legislation proposals are insane They certainly give one pause. I hate playing this game of "Do they mean it or is it pandering, and can they actually pull it off if they get into power?"
Digging the white line/black line outlining.
~~No. While I've pulled out discs with pond scum that is literally that black, the lettering would be obscured just as badly. It's just a black disc next to a green disc.~~ Edit: Apparently I'm incorrect. Not sure why it would avoid the stamp but stranger things have happened. Can certainly confirm pulling discs covered in enough much that the original color is indecipherable.
There are a few nuts out there, but like most things - turns out that there are a lot of folks out there willing to meet in the middle. I swear the internet is one part extremist nuts and one part people claiming the other side is an extremist nut.
My dad is kind of like that. Not much time for frivolous stuff. As I get older, the more fun I realize those "work" projects are. Different perspectives I suppose.
Near as I can tell, a good disc diver is worth their weight in gold to a community. That's just based on the feedback I get bouncing discs back anyway.
Appreciation goes a very long way for getting discs back. I return a lot of discs. I get 9 great interactions for every 1 jackass. Keep your disc divers happy!
Hmm...maybe a Northman but it's quite a bit more understable than a wraith. Maybe not so much by the numbers but in real life.
I don't think the mixed messages coming out of the government have been helping. The politicization of it certainly caused problems.
Root canals are one of the greatest procedures ever invented. I put up with tooth pain for quite a while on a tooth I had a crown done on. I had to be careful how hard I bit down on one side or it would aggravate. I had to really watch my hot/cold intake or it would aggravate. Sometimes it just ached. Went to dentist several times and had the crown "shaven" because they thought it was just a poor bit/fit. Eventually it got infected and I was in complete misery for days. Got in, got antibiotics, and got the root canal a week later or so. I'll never forget the sweet, sweet relief of the novocaine/lidocaine/local anesthetic numbing the tooth prior to the procedure. Then the bliss of not having a chronic ache in the mouth that had become a "normal baseline" afterwards. It's been years and I'm still beyond grateful for that procedure.
I'm "numbing-agent resistant". I've gotten into the habit of telling/reminding my dentist that they're going to have to use 2-3x as much as they think they're going to have to use and that it'll wear off faster than they think.
IT has a real lull in the middle/start of the back half. I didn't remember it stalling out a bit when I read it as a kid but, like many I imagine, the movie prompted a re-read and it sort of stuck out like a sore thumb. Honestly I think it's a trend for most of his longer books. I remember The Stand having a similar chunk of dullness and I actually stalled out on 11/22/63 when he started drolling on about Oswald.
King has been writing for a long time. Some of his older books suffer a bit from the changes in technology and society. I'm old enough to remember what things were like when he was writing them and can tackle them as a period piece but I imagine they may be more difficult for a younger reader. Pet Semetary isn't a book that's going to make you feel good while reading it. PS and Gerald's Game were both books I remember feeling kind of icky reading due to the subject matter. Try "The Institute". If you like it, read "Firestarter". I think Firestarter is the better of the two but again, it was written 30-40 years ago.
Nope, though there are some folks of that pallor on my mom's side. Dentist said it wasn't super uncommon. Some folks are just "lucky" like that.
