You backed up nearly every claim with supporting evidence including explicit acknowledgement that ultimately you were comparing a work made in the 1930s which did not have the same level of internal consistency you'd expect from the 2010s *followed* by an in-universe explanation. As far as I'm concerned you're a goddamn superstar at this.
You act like I hate laughing. Bitch I fucking *love* laughing. Dunham's shit doesn't make me laugh, and it doesn't make me laugh because it feels lazy as shit. I couldn't give less of a fuck about some Muslims half a world away whom have never heard his crap.
&gt; At least someone is willing to be hated for saying it. The important thing is you co-opted his insight and courage as confirmation of your biases and galvanized your sense of self-righteousness. Yes, I am aware of the irony.
Uh, no. This is kind-of stupid. The big Two just need to streamline their books and advertise them with more precision.
Now that is the kind-of thing you get to do when you're on top of your mountain.
The free NoSleep Podcast did a full production of the story as a season finale. 2.5 hours or so. It's easily the best they've ever put out. Kimber's VA in particular really sticks out in my mind.
I was waiting for 90s desktops to loop around to being retro-hip. I wonder what took so long.
&gt;Yeah I have tried and it works if you’re not socially inept That little tack-on at the end tells me you're defensive, insecure, and quite possibly full of shit. I quoted it so you can't backpedal.
Well he's a daily content guy, so no, but when he's on he's *on*, so he's worth keeping an eye on.
God this movie sucked so bad. This moment and his entire relationship with Quill was amazing as subtext among the rest of the first GotG. Wasting half of the sequel making that subtext explicit to no real end other than wanking off Michael Rooker was just, so goddamn lame. I'll go to bad for The Incredible Hulk. I'll go to bat for Iron Man 2. I'll go to bat for Thor 2. I won't go to bat for GotG2. Bleh.
How's that First Responders job treating you?
How many ants do you really think are willing to get squished in the name of the fight, especially against their countrymen?
You're not wrong, but you're ignoring meta-context and you sound like a wanker in-need of a wedgie. "that accumulate to," Jesus.
Yeah, don't fuck with the kinds-of people who care enough to know Pokemon in this day and age. They really know their shit.
Morrison was the only writer who even attempted to use Superman Blue creatively, and it's interesting the powers he came up with.
But, that's not a Christmas episode...
Dreaming of a White Porsche Christmas. It has its moments, but overall it doesn't work. It's too grounded to get nuts, but too nuts to find emotional grounding.
70s and late 90s Avengers, Crisis on Infinite Earths, JLA/Avengers, and half the reason you even know who the Teen Titans are.
I don't buy it. You're so socially back-footed and isolated that you'll crawl on your belly for her, but one day you formulate a plan for revenge? At *best* you're missing some story steps. Moreover you're intelligent enough at 8-9 years old to understand a Civil Suit, which you don't seem to have filed because according to you the school immediately settled and paid to let you go to an ASD school...which doesn't really exist as ASD presents in extreme variety and the only common presentation would be those who require intensive care, which you don't seem to have needed. One autistic to another--I think you're full of shit. This isn't revenge porn for me. This trivialized the actual shit people like me go through. I hope the internet points and ego strokes to your frankly mediocre creative writing skills were worth it.
Nice alt.
This is based off an Adam Hughes drawing yes?
The yawn is how you know it's not just a trick.
Which is why they don't. Even for DC his power-scale is wonky. Sometimes he's the literal right hand of God and they call on him as one of their last lines of defense against the Anti-Monitor destroying the multiverse... other times he's a dime-store vigilante with spookum powers.
Hate to say it but you're right. To say that the deck is stacked in favor of women strictly in terms of online dating is being generous.
Yuppies are so fucking stupid sometimes.
Really, no Nightwing? You went with Dickbats?
The American Dream never existed. There are hard-working people. There are lucky people. Then there are hard-working people lucky enough to be rewarded. That whole ' The harder I work the luckier I am' saying is disingenuous.
One of my girls howls with separation anxiety when left alone, and is very aware of her small size so she doesn't like cuddles, but is otherwise a really sweet and loving thing. The other was both very submissive and sweet, and bratty. She was the one who would let you pick her up and hug her, and always fall asleep in your arms. She was a real pain to groom or give pills to though. The last was dumb as a post, and very happy. He was achingly handsome. The other girls really loved him. He was the only dog who could read me and give affection when I felt low. They could all be bad with house accidents though. One would spot, the others would follow suit. It could get exasperating. Grooming and bathing was also an ordeal. I did them myself. I always had to block out an afternoon to do them. They all required ear care, and grew wart-like growths as they aged. Paying for their removal was smart, at least once before they became too elderly to stand surgery. Overall 8/10 dogs would highly recommend.
Wanna rub that belly
Well he did write: * Kingdom Come * The Flash (Wally West, cementing West as his own hero) * JLA (including Tower of Babel, the "Batman has plans to kill the League if any of them goes rogue" that fans love so much) * Superman: Birthright * Lots of collaberative work on Age of Apocalypse * One of the best Fantastic Four runs in history, up there with Kirby/Lee, Byrne, and Hickman * Indestructible Hulk * S.H.I.E.L.D maxiseries * The most upbeat and fun Daredevil run since the goddamn 1970s And those are the more acclaimed ones. ------ You want to get into some bullshit Twitter drama? Go for it. Loads of people are idiots on there. But don't talk like Waid hasn't proven himself one of the best writers in the business several times over.
Yeah that wasn't a good episode iirc
Love and Monsters
Outrun is nothing like Outrun aside from the name Outrun
Yes. The lowest common denominator is well and good for posts here but will look amateur in a finished video game.
Go eat another tide pod
Oh your poor roommate. I hope he's ok.
He doesn't love you. He never loved you. He never could love you. And that bruise isn't sexy.
You're the guy Dilbert beats up for lunch money
Imagine them like an amphibious Honda Civic.
Is it still being made by Fox? Yeah, no thank you. 2 decent movies over nearly 18 years is not a track record I will back.
That's stupid on so many levels.
Yea... as a Latino I would be hesitant to wear that kind-of shirt. I admit my cowardice.
&gt; that hard-set Lol you can't read for shit. There's a key qualifier in there.
If you read his words it's about the fact that they miss the nuance of his more deconstructionist characters--namely that the Watchmen and V are really *really* awful people and having a good point here/there does not make them folk heroes... quite the opposite in-fact. Also y'know, DC did screw him out of loads of money for Watchmen. That's fair. The rest is just meme-ing from industry people who understand that a strawman is a useful social tool.
Everything about Red Son was Morrison's idea, btw.
Yeah anyone who argues this one is lying, not paying attention, or a dumbass. Johns is a cautionary tale that you keep a great fan-turned-writer on a leash.
At this point I think it's just a low-key running joke that Steve is totally White Usher but no one seems to care.
No, no from the second one onward that was pretty obvious. Still enjoyable enough
I browse /r/skincare to appreciate the struggle, even if I don't follow. It really is a lot of work.
So I've hit a wall in my PoF story where I could use some help. What incentive do other players have to join me in a mission that will take at least half an hour?
Well, he's not wrong.
Of course, but it feels gauche.
All I said is that he wasn't wrong. Don't be so defensive.
Somewhere a woman is reading this, going 'what the fuck?' and isn't aware of the irony.
COPD is common and there's a higher risk if you smoke. You really, really don't want it.
Compared to serious depression, it's a minor inconvenience. Trust me.
Looks very very GW2 inspired (the top and wings are the biggest tells). Really well done!
Happy Birthday Grant. You don't always hit home runs, but I've never seen you do anything less than swing for the fences.
It's time travel rules with the X-Men. There is no upper-bound for the level of bullshit the writers can pull to justify whatever they want.
Come off it. The UK and London area is far **far** more dependent on commuter rail than the US will likely ever be.
This is one of the absolute best Next Generation episodes.
It's not about being black. It's about being a bit... *too* well-manicured to be a non-actor. The kind-of person who reacts to OWL like this likely doesn't have the time, money, and grooming to look this good and *randomly* get caught on the cameras.
Said the person with no sources... You literally just added the quote format. &gt;Since this is apparently all you need to do to be 'true' then take it as fact that the person I'm replying to is wrong and a cancer on humanity.
The writing here is awful
I get where you're coming from in defining such phrasing as toxic masculinity, but doing so requires such a conscious awareness of gender coding in language that most people won't understand your rationale. All they will see is you conflating a negative behavior and defining it as male, which will be counterproductive regardless of your validity.
As someone who used to espouse that mantra when the internet was genuinely new to most of the world and culturally dominated by teenage and young adult men/manchildren, I agree wholeheartedly that it's time for a change. I'll miss the sense of digital frontiersmanship and psuedo lawless freedom, but the world outgrew the infrastructure to justify such immaturity a long time ago.
On a tangential note: I really hope someone eventually gets the rights to do a Paul Verehoven treatment of Ready Player One. Only a treatise so sincere in tying one's identity to the media they consume could provide the base necessary for the mean-spirited takedown my generation deserves. --- You've given me a lot to think about. I would guess that part of the problem is the ephemeral, abstract, decidedly non-spatial *virtual reality* that is the Internet. There is no proper animal instinct when socializing because it is largely form without precedent. That's why social engineering experiments like this article are so interesting. If only cultural austerity were easier to shed and the "ban as few bad ~~customers~~ apples as profit margins tolerate" nature of capitalist web structure wasn't so resistant to moderation.
You don't understand \*what\* I was saying and jump into the conversation with self\-righteous indignation and a shoddy turn of language. You are demonstrably a detriment to constructive conversation on multiple levels.
She was a well\-rounded woman with consistent virtues and flaws?
You know someone respects the ocean when they are terrified of it Most of the time.
The competitive/quick play dilemma is well known in the community. Bottom line-- individual autonomy reigns and if you don't like it, then leave. Sucks but it's true.
Ice burn
That's never pouting that's their adorable grump face without all the wooly willies to hide it.
5th Century BCE? Goddamn that is high quality
"Why are you posting weird old computer stuff?"
[Relevant](/https://youtu.be/lmGmGHRCQSY)
I know I'm old because all I thought there was " some dumb kid is gonna suffocate under one of those."
/r/im14andthisisdeep I don't break that out often but dammit son you earned it.
Then me.
How did you get here from 1985?
There was a C&amp;C pro scene? Or does your joke kind of suck?
652
That guy is built like a goddamn ogre.
As a guy who only does his grocery shopping late at night, I'm sorry it's such a dice roll. That really sucks.
Bed bugs. Get your shit nuked. Now.
Wyald. Sadistic hedonism is just repulsive and sad.
Wild dogs couldn't stop me.
Could you be a chain chomp in prior versions? No lie that was really great.
They're pedantic "trees for the forest" guys who aren't terribly educated nor funny.
By being work friends with Ryan Coogler and having the best possible pitch for a Rocky sequel outside of having Rocky fight the Predator.
I don't get that impression as much of latent despair over excess. Critics can easily use a "holier than thou" excuse to discredit them in the eyes of those who need to consider their message the most though. Disappointing.
Don't be dense sweetie. You knew damn well what he meant.
Since he used the word "flats" I'm guessing he's UK or AUS, which may have a more difficult black market to buy from.
Way too many of you get **rock hard** at seeing a vegan put in their place. It's disquieting.
Mommies and Lollis\-\- a Guild Wars 2 story
I am genuinely afraid that we won't. The public has extremely short memories and is very socially malleable. Our lawmakers and judicial system aren't fully broken, but they are slow and seem genuinely apathetic towards any greater good beyond their own careers.
Austen's run hurt the average something fierce.
Bethesda legitimately does not give a fuck about Fallout lore. That is not inherently a bad thing.
**DAMMIT**
What's your recommendation for women who seem to be more interested in having a boyfriend than getting to know you? Lost causes?
Yeah I've always needed lots of sleep but it's nothing like what I needed as a teenager.
You're not wrong, but using a minority exploiting a loophole to condemn the whole is foolish.
Jesus I like Tom King but please stop sucking his dick. He's got great flow and good at stripped\-down dialogue, but most of his writing is carried by the muted color palettes his artists use.
Bethesda chasing trends? Well I \*never\*.
Uh\-huh. Yeah... the devil is very much in the details on this one. See the show Angel for a nice examination of this exact theme.
Yeah p. much this. Ridley Scott's strong suits and interests over the decades show a man who prefers fucking around with technical aesthetics over telling a story, although he is perfectly capable of doing so.
You have the loveliest hair.
And then everyone stood up and clapped
I always shaved my own with a "real" pair of salon clippers and have for over a decade. I don't show so I go real short all over. These are trouble spots you should consider: * under the ears * under the paws, on the pads * the "armpits" on the front * the butt Make sure to address these in some form. They're the most likely to form mats and/or trap moisture. If you aren't showing, please consider their comfort and go short everywhere, especially during warm seasons.
Bit of both
She's getting off on the attention. Most guys date at least one girl like this in their lives. If you've been through this much back and forth already, it's safe to say a relationship isn't going to happen. So cut your losses and move on. Your feelings might stay but they're feelings *for* her, not a basis for a healthy adult dynamic. You'll get through it. The other side is better. Promise.
When were you tested? Shit has changed a lot.
Interesting. I had my own diagnosis a few years ago at a specialty center in an internationally renowned psych hospital and there was no mention of a 'scale.' I would think critically about who you approached.
I work intimately with COPD patients you sanctimonious turd. We care. We feel. We will help out people like OP without hesitation. And when we leave the room we're going to grumble about what a dumbass he was. We feel that way *because* we care.
Hey much respect and admiration. Really. Please know that. My big gripe is that everything about the magazine seems too basic for anyone versed in the scene, and far too obtuse for anyone outside of it. It lacks a focus. Please iterate further. I may be disparaging, but I still believe this could be great.
Just be you. Vaporwave is much more of a phantom milieu than teal and magenta. It's the ephemera of the ghost in the machines from the Regan and Bush eras.
You're not wrong.
Thinking critically means trusting one's own ability to assess over the need for concrete evidence. Doesn't it? (Ron Howard: It doesn't.)
Pretty sure the final boss of Jet Set Radio is on the roof
By my understanding it's just a David Cage-esque game that doesn't suck noodles.
Oh you sweet summer child. I've been here 10 years. It's always been like this.
Gave rise to legions of edgy idiots who are more concerned with justifying his character after 80 years, usually by making him "dark" and having everyone else be heroic trying to stop him, instead of actually telling stories. - Abandoned his rebound wife the instant he learned his dead wife was alive again.
Brilliant
It sounds like I'm being an edgy teenager by saying this, but you're describing one of the natural limits of capitalism.
I doubt it. Dyes have gotten much cheaper in the last year.
I know. I didn't state the obvious for your sake.
Ok but why though?
Ooh that seems like bad design tbqh
"This esoteric finding under insanely specific conditions..." just doesn't get further funding. "We may have found a way to cure cancer... By extrapolating cherry-picked data from a study only tangentially related to human biology, which would require a decade of progressive research and lottery-level luck to definitively cure cancer." does get further funding... If you cut out most of the filler and focus on "require progressive research."
I don't disagree, but you're literally over a quarter-century too late to complain.
It is a really great shot. Reminds me of the original Wasteland cover, or Fist of the North Star. Not really cyberpunk unless A S I A, but I get where you were coming from.
Captive market. When the alternative is to suffer and quite possibly die, bad employees will bet you're willing to tolerate bad treatment. Plus the jobs themselves cause caregiver burnout. It is a very real concern. I've had my shifts where all you want to do is throttle someone who is genuinely suffering, no matter how illogical or unfair that feeling is. I never mistreat patients, but the feeling does arise and needing to recharge and flex my "empathy" muscles is part of professional self-care.
I want 5. There is something wrong with me.
Probably not that much, but it's sweet because he recognizes the instinct to knead and stimulate milk for the wee ones.
Yes *if* he gets the UDON costume. Sorry dudes but white skeletor just doesn't work for the dude's personality and skills. E-- I will never ever understand the passion some fans have for white skeletor. I really, really don't. It's a fine look. It's just not a good fit for a non-powered mercenary assassin. Orange and white? A cape? These things get in the way of his vocation. EE-- oh yeah Marvel/Disney would have to pay UDON to use the costume. Lmao fucking cheapskates.
Michael Dorn is low-key one of the coolest dudes.
Not a bad concept, but that is some F-level writing.
Remember when this was all just subtext and implied? Good times. Good times.
She was an admirable attempt to add a different dimension to the main cast, but like the rich nerdlinger Dennis and failed X-Man Gwen... she just didn't jive with the tone. I respect the writers and show for giving her such a fair shot, but it just wasn't a match. There was a hint of an interesting angle with her going all Mulder, which the show acknowledged explicitly, but it didn't go anywhere because well... Angel and his crew never needed the cops. And the episodes specifically focused on the cops like the Thin Dead Line and the Sensitivity episode are among the worst in the series.
Maybe. I won't pretend to know. I'd hope so. As it stands it reads like a bad /r/fantheories post about The Dark Knight gone sentient.
Fair point.
Normally these clickbait-y titles are full of shit... but this is a great double-page.
The book The Big Burn is a fantastic recounting of the formation of wildfire management in the US. It is insanely dangerous work.
T E A L
I don't fully agree given 401k volatility, but I agree that traditional pensions are no longer prudent in such a mercenary economy.
True. It is ultimately corrupt.
Food service, retail, janitoral, and a choice of things like elder care, poverty outreach, sanitation, and so on. It would do many people a world of good to be forced to spend summers in high school working such jobs.
People prefer to punch down. Less chance of consequence for sadism.
Bagley is such a legend. Mad respect.
One of Angel's genuine failings was being unclear about the team's finances. My headcanon around it is that Angel was just dipping into investments no one else knew he had to pay everyone. No I don't know how Wesley's tenure squares that with this theory thank you.
These are the same people that bullied the girl who played Rose off of twitter and are calling for Kathleen Kennedy's death. Believe me, they've earned this one.
Or more accurately, pre-20th Century surgeons were butchers.
Christ, that is like winning three lotteries in a row.
My issues: * **Infrastructure**\-- it's a corrupt world and I expect funds to be embezzled to the worst kinds of human slugs, but that doesn't eliminate the need to keep our roads, rails, bridges, tunnels, sidewalks, and more in strong shape. * **Property Taxes**\-- reduce them. Find a way. There must be a way. * **Net Neutrality**\-- unless you work and/or are paid by a big telecom, Net Neutrality is good for you and your community. * **Environment**\-- If a dense, population-rich state like NJ can figure out ways to innovate and manage clean air, water, soil, and so on it would both act as a model for other areas of the country and offer immense business leverage in providing solutions. I could not care less about bogeymen like illegal immigrants or gun control, nor care about the promise of recreational fun and cash influx of legal marijuana and gambling. The core engine is what needs to be working right now if we want our state to be comfortable five, ten, and fifty years down the road.
I genuinely don't mind either way. It's free additional content, and lots of it.
I'm autistic and work in a highly emphatic profession that requires strong interpersonal communication. I'm not great, but I get by. Do you know how? **I'm humble and open enough to understand that just because something doesn't make sense to me doesn't mean I don't have to abide by it.** I'm the social minority. I'm the square peg in the population. That doesn't mean there is a binary "I'm right/they're wrong" or vice versa. It means that the majority has their conventions and if I want to be accepted then that means cooperating without fully understanding sometimes. Really dude. Grow up.
Only if you're a dumbass who just walks out into the wilderness or among crowds, especially by yourself.
There weren't.
A fake fan-trailer.
Format/Distribution needs a massive overhaul. Fans who get extremely huffy whenever people they deem "outsiders" come in need to be put into a culture ghetto inside of the industry, rather than held up as the "core" that keeps everything afloat. DC Comics legitimately needs to be gutted from the inside out, starting at the top, and replaced by people who understand that "good enough" isn't good enough.
Marvel gets the benefit of the doubt for the time being. I'm not a fan of their current "true fans won legacy characters take a backseat" approach, but I also agree that they were far too aggressive with legacy characters and rewriting their characters' slates every year and needed a change. DC has been septic since 2004 and despite half a dozen soft re-launches and 2 hard re-launches still struggles to be more than "yeah that sure was ok, I guess."
Your game is weak son.
This is an exceptionally sheltered comment. Nothing has really changed aside from the scale and speed of communication and the tools we use to facilitate comfort. Go actually read "my fair lady" blah blah blah crap if you think that shit back in the day was *simple*. Hell, just go back to the 19th Century and read some Jane Austen. Courtship and dating has *always* been a headache, and if you're just looking to fuck on the downlow there are (and always have been) plenty of avenues to do so. The latter just wasn't written up and preserved for posterity the way the highbrow stuff was. Hell, what we *do* have indicates that people in the past got fucking *freaky* with their freaky fucking way more fucking often than most of us ever do-- guess no internet meant making your own fun. You're feeling social fatigue and looking for emotional validation, and that *is* valid, but trying to impugn the past like some open mic stand-up only makes you seem provincial and stunted.
&gt;When you are embarassed about your life, normal questions feel like an interrogation. This seems like a really good way to blame the guy for a very real phenomenon that loads of men and women do when talking up a potential partner. There is such a thing as being blunt and objectifying without necessarily being sexual, and questions about "what you do" and "where you live" can definitely be employed to that end.
T E A L M A G E N T A A S I A
It's lazy, hackneyed, and stupid. It has nothing to do with offense. It's just plain badly constructed comedy.
I think you're rationalizing because you don't like the idea that Steve was once all piss and got someone killed. That sort-of thing happens on the road to maturity.
Well I disagree about DoFP. I thought it was atrocious. That said yeah there's a saying in film. You make the movie three times-- when you write it, when you film it, and when you edit it. A LOT changes during each stage.
This woman is an utter delight to listen to.
It's a very compelling argument that DC Sampler #3 is Constantine. Alan Moore is not one to skimp on details. The character in the earlier Swamp Thing issue likely wasn't Constantine however, albeit one hell of a coincidence.
In this case, it is correct. You're either lying, uneducated, or a dumbass. Take your pick, or do some research on what NN actually is.
Fun fact: kids born after this issue will be 18 soon!
I felt bad that the Tomb Raider movie stunk so bad. She fits the role well and could easily carry an action franchise with material befitting her talent.
Even by your extremely loose "I saw bits of Blade Runner once" standards, this is still a crappy photo to demonstrate cyberpunk.
Well-said. I'm reminded of the Marvel movies where Scarlett Johansson is shown as immensely capable, but also y'know... can't wrestle directly. They don't have to do that because they're fantasy action movies... but the filmmakers all seem to know that even in fantasy we're aware of how a "normal" woman versus a guy with 50 kg of weight on her is going to go, so they don't have her grapple them.
T E A L M A G E N T A U R B A N
We know how much time you spend getting your bangs to flop "just so."
If you're running emulated Pokemon, you simply must play it at 300% speed. It circumvents so much of the menu/text crawl bullshit.
As long as you're no fool.
There is a minority of the community that can, but on that exact same note I've seen lots of people eager to throw the baby out with the bathwater because it creates a... less culpable environment.
The latter. It's a very common business tactic.
The sequel to Barkley: Shut up and Jam! Gaiden is looking fresh
Why are you getting toilet paper graded?
Bronze. Johns is Bronze Age. Silver Age is more when Superman had random insanity every week like Jimmy Olsen turning into a giant turtle man or the Flash getting turned into a puppet.
Wisdom was at least as old as Colossus, except Kitty was 18 at the time so it's ok? I don't know. I was born a bit after Kitty's heyday, so the fanfic-y obsession some writers have with her is lost on me.
Start literally anywhere. Lupin III is one of those franchises designed to be as episodic as possible. It's a bit of a relic in that regard, in a good way. * Lupin III -- lovable horny goofball scamp belying a master thief * Jigen -- the right-hand gun man * Goemon -- the unflappable samurai of few words * Fujiko -- the dangerously dangerous sexpot of sexpots * Zenigata -- the oaf law officer who hunts Lupin like Team Rocket hunts Pikachu Congrats, you now know everything you will ever need to know for any Lupin III-related media you consume.
Yeah ballet is absolutely no joke. Anyone over the age of 16 still doing ballet deserves respect. Full stop.
and did you know Steve Buscemi was a firefighter and helped out on 9/11?
Always good to have that kind-of album in the back pocket.
I love it because he was trying to act but just couldn't get there and came across as an even more constipated Snake Plissken.
It's more Vaporwave than most of what I see on these subs. For real. Looks like 80s Spec Art, which is way better than T E A L M A G E N T A R O M A N B U S T.
Solid. I didn't laugh much but I admire the fuck out of the chops it took to make this. It seems like LOL Random at first, but it's really quite tight.
Depends on the material. Considering how amazing cacao is, yeah it's a pretty big waste to use it for art.
So, Silent Hill 2 during the fog segments.
That is such a smug sentiment.
I think intent has a lot to do with the question of purity both in Snape's turn and his subsequent loyalty. Again I think he is sympathetic and did noble things, but I also think that his deeds can't be balanced like an account ledger where *x* sin can be balanced by *y* acts of nobility to equal *z* level of redemption. I know Harry saw Snape as redeemed, but to be honest... I think Harry just felt guilty that he spent most of his life vilifying a complex, tragic, utterly pathetic man and needed to affirm redemption for his conscience more than anything else,
Your formatting is utter garbage.
I'm sure this is a classic, just like the book.
Sum 41 really cleaned up his act
Jeez snowflake how sensitive are you?
Excellent A+ video this is one of my new ambassador media.
What do you care about what some random girl thinks?
As an autistic who suffered for years because of limited diagnostic criteria stemming from limited understanding of the syndrome... Fuck. You.
No. Tbh that seems kind-of dumb, but hey if it makes you happy I'm not going to say you shouldn't do it.
You underestimate how successful you are to even have regular matches. Many guys can swipe literally hundreds of women with unlimited likes, every night, and still be lucky to get 5 matches a month... With no replies. I'm not bitter, but I am pointing out that your advice presumes a level of fortune far above the average.
I worked with a majority of women in medical settings. I've never felt like I was on true eggshells, at least not of my own doing. &gt;No, I'm no creep or jerk. Prejudice and ageism and sexism can be real. I'm saying that up front. That said, I've rarely met a person who says this who isn't subtextually saying "come on I'm not one of the *real* bad guys who is all obvious and up-front about my creeping." I've had my creep moments. So have my lady co-workers. Everyone does. Just because you aren't Donald Trump grabbing ladies by the pussy doesn't mean you haven't had subconscious, non-verbal reactions that creeped someone out. Yeah it sucks that someone might accuse you of something, but *you don't get to control that*. All you can do is CYA and move on with your damn life. &gt; I dare not comment on a coworkers new hairstyle. Wow you must *really* suck at talking with people.
Autism diagnostics take *way* longer than 45 minutes and often involve interviewing multiple parties, as well as a comprehensive history. Mine took two days. Go shopping around for a specialist, not just some random psychologist who happens to take your insurance.
I usually say something like "It's five-levels of meme deep. If I tried to describe it I'd sound like an insane person."
"That's something every country can enjoy!"
&gt; I want vulnerability in a man. *if* he's strong overall &gt;I don't see it as a sign of weakness at all *if* that weakness isn't pervasive or chronic &gt;I don't want to be protected. because I've never been with someone who couldn't protect me &gt;I want to be adored, attention, cuddles, and kisses that don't always lead to sex. because strong, mature men are incapable of anything but brute fucking?
I'm just filling in the subtext that you might not even be aware you're saying. There's nothing wrong with that subtext either, but it is there whether you consciously agree or not. The overwhelming majority of people don't want someone who is weak.
We likely do. Try *socially* weak-- low earnings, poor social grace, externally-limited ambition, dorky hobbies, small status, etc.
This is the next level of Morbid Reality and I agree. Poor kid didn't have much of a chance.
Sooty-loaf and speckle-loaf be loafin' about
Good thing I'm an old man who is easily pleased by things that sticks to what I already know. And Tim Schafer going over-budget doesn't affect me one bit.
There were literally door-knockers employed for the sole purpose of acting as an alarm clock, knocking on the doors/windows of people.
Deeeeeeep croooooowwwwww
Honestly, you sound really self-centered. You cannot possibly be so socially blind to not understand that underage sexual content is extremely unpleasant and not wanted by most of society, and that expecting the world to cater to your highly specific needs is exceptionally immature. I am autistic, and I do not have the luxury of expecting the world to accommodate me in public or professional settings, even if it means soaking up unfair abuse and having to alter my expectations for what I might get out of life. Your situation is indeed more extreme, which is all the more reason you should have the perspective to understand that you cannot reasonably expect a high profile storefront to allow easy access to material the overwhelming majority of the public has no interest in catering.
Holy fuck you are a loser.
Yes. The End from Metal Gear Solid 3.
I think you grossly overestimate the appeal of DQ to Western audiences. It's the same reason Call of Duty can be a monster smash in the West and a moderate success, if that, in the East. Our cultures are stimulated by different things, no matter how much you personally wish it were otherwise.
What is it with all these homes looking identical?
Steam filled that niche for a while, but it's pretty dead in its own right. Discord kind-of works, but again most adults just don't invest energy into it unless they're into video/voice calls... which is just the worst in my opinion.
A lot of people want to "have" kids, but relatively few realize they're raising adults.
Yeah for real?
Oh good "it was all a dream." Real original.
If they get their frequent patron card stamped two more times they get a free sundae
Little premature for a victory lap eh there bougie puppet?
Ghost in the Shell had more than a few things working against it, which were easy to ignore at the time because fanboy gripes *always* muddy the discourse: * Very specifically Japanese * Overblown cachet as a "brand name," it was always just a 90s cult property that even anime nerds don't universally love * Everything about its setting, aesthetic, and tone that was interesting has been so successfully integrated into other cinema--The Matrix, Minority Report, Transformers, Prometheus--that it ironically came across as derivative. * About detectives, I guess? And robots? It isn't quite clear, even after you watch the movie. Alita, by contrast: * Non-specific apocalypse setting (technically the US, but it hardly matters) * Nondescript cyborg battles are the main action selling point * The trailer specifically sells "Gepetto of a robot waifu Pinnochio." Really simple hook. It just seems like an easy sell to markets that already *love* extremely broad robot action like the Transformers franchise.
So, embezzlement
Guild Wars 2. On first glance it seems like Generic McFantasy, but the devil is really in the details. The lore plays with a lot of shopworn conventions. It also has the right balance between "taking its nonsense seriously" and "letting lore serve the gameplay." One of my favorite game pieces involves a Fractal--a short dungeon instance--where you and your party are forced to inhabit the bodies of Charr during the siege of the human kingdom of Ascalon, which was a big world event in the first Guild Wars. You are forced to play the villains of one of Guild Wars 1's most memorable plots, assured in the knowledge that not only are the Charr meant to win but will continue to hold Ascalon 200 years later in an uneasy truce with the remains of humanity... ...yet none of that is made explicit or spelled out, or takes away from the mechanical/aesthetic thrill of being a group of Charr attempting to take an old human city by force.
Thanks!
They just reuse cgi/local/sfx animations. Check Age of Ultron they use Cap's air roll like three times.
&gt; HotS is simply not fun or interesting to watch. At all. None of Blizzard's Esports games are really. There's a reason SC2 failed to get the kind-of traction SC1 did, and why despite Blizzard's insistence that OWL is a big thing it struggles to break out. Blizzard simply cannot understand how to make a visually coherent esport. They literally lucked into it with SC1, and every attempt since has been some measure of failure no matter how much money or dedicated effort they pump into it. Look at even the most unintuitive mainstream sports like American football, rugby, cricket, etc.-- even the most thickheaded bystander can still figure out "get ball to goal" after a minute or so of watching. I played Overwatch from launch until this year, and I still couldn't tell you wtf is happening half the time in an esports match. It's why Rocket League is literally the only esports game that non esports people even kind-of "get," and like it or not you *need* non-esports people to get your game if you want a real RoI. I feel a kind-of schadenfreude watching Blizzard fail tbh. It's really sad that for all of their effort they still don't understand that visual clarity is king.
[Moviebob actually did a really interesting video on this exact subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9iab0z6Kyg), namely whether or not art can transcend the limits of its intent even when everyone is completely aware of the cynical, naked, cold commercial artifice behind them.
Unpopular opinion and I don't care who knows it: Star Wars sucks now. One blowjob at a time please I only have so much bravery in my pants.
And have you guys heard of this underground gem The Ring? or this totally unknown slasher indie Scream? How about this up and coming Edgar Allen Poe guy?
It's more of a ratio of strength to overall body mass. Idiot.
The Universal Studios ride was underrated
&gt; do these justice, Do what justice? The creepy cover drawings? That's literally all the original has to recommend it.
&gt; isn't inherently dishonest but rather just going through the motions of a ritualistic transaction. Well it is *and* it isn't, simultaneously. It's a contradictory non-binary, which is difficult for anyone to grasp.
Do things because you want to, knowing full well that doing so will make you disliked-- do this within reason of course; it's best to do this to people closer to your level, not superiors.
I'm an old head that loves Marvel and comics, so believe me when I say that I'm not saying this in hysterics-- Marvel has *always* had a low-key Asian problem and when you lay it out end to end it becomes kind-of hilarious in a sad way.
As an older dude who remembers Milestone, the Priest run, and the genius of Dwayne MacDuffie... It's vindicating to see black characters connecting once the right creators gave them a push.
Phil Hartman is almost universally lauded, yet I still don't feel like he quite gets his due. He was a master of delivering the most ludicrous lines with a straight face.
K. It still sounds creepy to my ears and I don't want to listen to it. I don't support a ban, but if you put it on I'll either turn off the program or leave.
Zodiac was most probably the kind-of guy you would find on the alt-right side of 4chan, or /r/TheDonald-- neckbeard-y, possibly ASD, disenfranchised by nominal support systems and raised to overtly identify with the media he consumed, etc.
I'm ASD. Check my history too, I'm not just saying that. I actively campaign for better ASD perception, participate as a subject in research studies, and mentor members of the community. What the fuck have you done for them? I'm going off of evidence and my own experience with internet and ASD culture. Zodiac's letters, fixation with media, garish costume, and modus operandi in regards to his victims are all only a few steps removed from many people in online cesspools that I have seen. Most ASD individuals are not violent nor killers, and Zodiac was almost certainly comorbid with other disorders, but he was not some unique creature and even a cursory delve into places like TRP, incels, bronies, etc will show you a *lot* of grown men that sound eerily like him based off of what little evidence we have.
It's pretty good. I've certainly seen worse.
Fake as hell
I have always been one of the only people leaving my screening early for the last 5 years of Marvel movies, and I've been seeing Marvel movies since fucking Blade 1. Leaving early beats the crowd.
Yes. And? What's your point?
Oz is a really funny cartoon tbh.
I call that one shmoop face.
Haven't seen this in over a year. This is some special garbage right here.
Last paragraph is the real shit.
I don't think your ego would let your mind grasp it.
&gt; Worst is she was disparaging it saying it just felt so high schoolish. This is the real dealbreaker. If you don't like something, or even look down on something, that's your business. Don't disparage anyone else unless you have damn good reason, or you're just an asshole.
Episode 5: "Rox starts Burning Man."
Dog: I am also cat.
Free pre-show castrations with every screening
Why the boob window?
I still chuckle that when I was a kid my parents told me that Color TV was once this big honking deal... And now kids can say the same about me wanting portable gaming in color.
It makes a great double feature with Earth Girls are Easy
I love everything about this
Make it verbally clear that hugging the 10 year-old is now something that requires explicit verbal permission. Get the 10 year-old on board. Make it verbally clear that this is not a punishment, just a change. No means no ALWAYS. Get the substitute stuffed animal with rice inside, as mentioned.
No fucking way
American Dad has some of the best final punchlines goddamn.
We're talking about the concept of a whiteboard smartass. To some it seems obvious as a way to track responsibilities for any child, but most people really are that breathtakingly thick that it would never occur to them.
And if you start watching Teen Titans at Season 5 you'll miss them defeating Trigon and Brother Blood. You can catch up via YouTube, pay for the content yourself, but either way the show isn't waiting for you. Why would you expect it to?
2 am is definitely in the upper percentiles of curfew privilege for that age, although I can see an argument that if you're letting them stay out that late anyway you might as well encourage them to spend the night somewhere safe so they aren't wandering around (or worse, driving) drunk or high.
Pizzagate was stupid, but even a broken clock can hit two right times a day.
oh that makes polluting now ok then thanks
I've got a sensitive "pity meter" that comes from being a literal autistic who is far more perceptive than a lot of people think... this is one case where I don't think pity is really part of the equation. It's more of a "we know that physics won't let us enjoy this activity together on a formal level, but we want to enjoy this activity *with you* so let's be silly and pretend for a few minutes." It really comes across as rather compassionate.
Please don't fetishise this.
Ah, so yeah really *really* arbitrary.
Two-word answer: medical ethics Ugly answer: not treating the child leads to potential legal recourse and while treatment may seem cruel, unusual, and pointless it is the least risky course to the practitioner, thus allowing them the highest chance of continuing to help others.
He's got a lot to live up to with a name like Rytlock.
I am literally fat, autistic, and old. I've asked and been rejected by four women in the last month and there was no discernible pushback. All rejections were polite, respectful, and none tanked the friendship/acquaintanceship between myself and the women involved. All you have to do is be mature, controlled, and own yourself--note that I did not say "confident" because confidence is an overrated, vaguely defined trait. If asking someone out is being met with "unacceptable" reactions, it's probably because you're being a twitchy, insecure mess who looks as liable to return to the scene later with a gun as he is to cry about it online.
Uh-huh. Yeah I saw that this morning too... and groaned. I don't know why but even for the sausage mill of "20 EASTER EGGS YOU WON'T *BELIEVE*..." of /r/fantheories and Buzzfeed, and the internet in general, this seems like a whopping pile of "who cares?"
SNAP OUT OF IT
Lmao fuck all y'all
Then the school can provide one.
Hope you're out respecting yourself and paying her no mind chief. You deserve better than that.
I've had that girl in my life. Eventually you will have to understand that being alone without her really is better, even if it means cutting yourself off.
It really is.
Would really like to see this study. Please.
This isn't an actual sequel. It's just what's been recorded from Tolkein's notes. He got like 10 pages into one draft of a potential sequel which he abandoned. The odds of the Tolkein estate commissioning further work on this project is extremely low. They're not averse to sanctioning essentially fanfiction, but this is one well too dry to tap, and they've made several novels out of Tolkein's old lore notes.
Likewise : )
Well said chap.
Lmao no.
Do you really not understand the hows and whys of Online Dating being awful for most men? Speaking for myself I've had maybe 5 dates in 15 years from dating websites/apps... compared to the 20 or so relationships I've had from real life/non-dating online connections that grew forward...and the dozens more one-shot dates that didn't go anywhere. If I were to go by the judgment of OkCupid, Tinder, Bumble, etc... I'm practically subhuman and barely worthy of notice by anyone. Meanwhile I literally had to turn down a cute 22 year-old co-worker *tonight* because I don't date at work and despite her fitness-tight body I don't think we're very compatible. The disconnect is **huge**. During dry spells I have to actively fight the urge to self-pity and let the crazy skewed marketplace of Tinder define my self-esteem. I can't imagine how rough it is for guys who can't manage to score real life dates, and find a kernel of sympathy for the toxic mental illness circlejerk that is the incel/TRP community in spite of myself. I can see how more vulnerable men can find themselves sucked down that rabbit hole. Really girl, you need to get a bit more worldly about what dating for men is really like.
That's extremely easy to say when you can match with hundreds of guys on an app with minimal effort. It's a bit like being a middle-class suburban atheist who feels pity for impoverished refugees in a war-torn developing country because they cling to religion. It's just plain haughty.
They've got a lot of ground to exhaust before they're essentially inventing Fourth Age lore entirely out of new cloth.
Beep balls and some way to mark the balls he has with an oil scent could be useful...
I was thinking more like gross owner sweat from dirty clothes.
Tweet this @ Dave McKean and Neil Gaiman it looks a lot like the character Delerium.
Only 90s kits will remember
I think it was more of a beffudlement that something so obviously niche got a huge budget.
Ace is perplexed by your traditions but holds his poise like a proper gentlemen of good standard.
Or, and hear me out on this, Iron Man 2 and the general plan for the Avengers Initiative was sloppy and underwent multiple rushed revisions due to: * Favreau's original plans getting changed, which by all indiciations had Howard as unambiguously in the wrong. * Whedon rewriting the original Avengers pitch from the Zak Penn draft. * Whatever insanity Perlmutter was up to. * Negotiations with Disney. * Iron Man 2 being pushed wayyy up the production schedule because the first was a breakout hit in ways Marvel Studios clearly didn't expect. I know that the point of this place is to try and come up with lore-accurate reasons for why sloppy storytelling exists, but this is one case where I think the metatext is just too strong.
As someone who is boring and has long-since embraced being boring... you sound like sour grapes.
Yeah, and I grew up around status/thrill-seekers with great marketing chops. A lot of their stuff is overrated, but just because they seem like they're over-compensating doesn't mean they are.
Lmfao your ignorance is fragrant: * Wan's ouvre has always been lauded in spite of a lack of auteur styling on his part. Oh he's exceptionally good, don't get me wrong, he just doesn't make artistic waves. He's a phenomenal market predictor, with an unobtrusive and clean directorial style. * Cameron was hardly a nobody, having established a reputation very early on as a wunderkind in Roger Corman's production pipeline and strongarming his way into tentpoles by his second feature (Aliens). Wan took ten years to get to doing more than his extremely profitable niche horror brands. * Michael Bay is a technical genius, a pitch-black nihilist, and an overgrown art school frat boy in that order. You don't need to like his movies--outside of Pain &amp; Gain and The Rock I don't--but there's a reason why The Criterion Collection put Armageddon onto their list back in the early 00s. Film people know and respect the man, even if most would agree that his worldview and interest in portraying humanity sucks dick. * Tarantino positioned himself geographically close to Hollywood and got extremely lucky with an angel investor after impressing them with his early scripts for projects like Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, and True Romance, and once Reservoir Dogs was released Tarantino became a major name almost overnight complete with many, many side projects and acting roles for Tarantino himself. Most people *still* couldn't tell you who James Wan is, let alone that the guy behind Saw, Insidious, and The Conjuring were the same.
Mostly yes, but also no. A **lot** of medicine and medical procedures boil down to shockingly medieval techniques, but the extensive training and corresponding price tags do come with genuine expertise on how to do it and not permanently fuck you up. aside: some will still permanently fuck you up even when doing their absolute best.
Lmfao my parents weren't good, but they didn't beat me. And those parents who beat their kids are scum, but they don't rape their kids And the rapists may rape their kids, but they don't sell their kid for prostitution and so on and so on and so on It's turtles all the way down, and suddenly my parents look a hell of a lot better even if I'd stand by the assessment that they're bad parents.
What gets me is that a franchise built almost entirely on Baby Boomer Daddy Issues and loose King Arthur allegories somehow surprised its audience by showing Luke Skywalker as a disappointing Daddy Figure who fucked up his kingdom by betraying a younger relative and exiling himself to a mystical island.
Never fuck with someone who has the chops to survive Manhattan unless you're prepared to bleed. Those fuckers are quick, motivated, and don't pause for effect.
Yeah and "in vitro" is just an album by Nirvana.
There are a lot of things about China that suck, and authoritarianism runs rampant, but it isn't 1984.
Good.
This moment sucked so much. * Repurposed a really great quote from the God Butcher storyline, where the villain didn't actually know/care what Thor was the god of and was mocking him. When *Cate Blanchett* can't sell a line, you know the writing went sour. * Reused the Immigrant Song because Disney paid megabucks for that Zeppelin sample so fuck it they're gonna reuse it, even if it made no fucking sense.
Man I wish I lacked enough serious problems to get this angry about children's movies.
Wow those are some dumb 20-30 year olds.
If you have room I would be thrilled to join. I have a little experience with a few systems, but never made it far into a 5e game.
This is an ollllllllllld copypasta.
You'll see what I mean in a few years when the cycle repeats. Jordan Peele's Twilight Zone has a shot.
Preferences are good. Being an asshole about them is arrogant.
The correct answer to snobbery isn't to counter-argue, but to give the baby their bottle. "Oh I guess it is." then you move on.
You do seem to be good at trying to rewrite reality when it doesn't agree with you.
One exercise I did was to pick a colleague I didn't like, who had given me trouble, and gave myself permission to piss them off. I didn't bully them or stir up trouble. Just little things like not immediately responding to them and walking at my own pace, and never apologizing or acting like I did something wrong. It's very empowering, because you start to learn that not only is it ok to tick people off and not only will many of them respect you more, but many will end up liking you better. Try it.
Caudillos man
This is extremely mid-20th Century in a good way.
Impressive effort. They're still not gonna do it. Sorry kids. At *best* you'll get a five-second soundbyte shoved in during a break in the main act while they change stages or something.
Obsidian usually brings good stuff, usually. How is the combat and lore? I loved Pillars of Eternity for a good while but both of those turned me off from completing it.
Yeah it was the first--and only--time outside of the comics where I've seen anyone approach Apocalypse in an interesting way.
Do point out some completely apolitical shows.
Are the Muppets coded as racially diverse or multicultural despite there being no intrinsic need? Sounds pretty liberal. What about Sesame Street, which deliberately portrays the inner city and regularly has message shows and moralist characters like deaf, autistic, and homeless Muppets. Really "SJW" huh? The point is that nothing exists in an apolitical vacuum you clod. Everything created is by definition a byproduct of the perspective that birthed it no matter how impartial they try to be. Relative experience has clear finite limits-- I will never know what menstruation is like, or what it is like to grow up rich, or poor for that matter--and at best you can mitigate them, but bias and intent always seep in at the cracks and the only reasons to say otherwise is because you're lying, not actually paying attention, or a dumbass.
I hope so. Being a bit of a dick when you need to won't damn your soul. It's just part of that ugly /r/natureismetal side of life. Even Jesus wouldn't have been above killing an animal or stripping a plant if it meant he would survive.
Nah all /r/outrun dweebs do is post that purple/magenta/yellow/orange sunset.
Yeah there are actually loads of shit places where a kid will actually get his ass kicked for stuff like this.
The timelines were always screwed. T2 takes place in 1995 despite being one of the most 1991 things in existence.
I guarantee they weren't his friends. I guarantee they didn't learn a thing. I guarantee they sleep like fucking babies. If they have thought about him since his suicide, it was only to rationalize why what they did was justified.
The abusive ones should.
The important thing you're projecting is that you know everything.
It means you're a pompous asshole. I know you think you're being reasoned, logical, enlightened even, and compassionate. You're really just leaving room for people like this to continue their lives without consequence, taking advantage of your benefit of the doubt. They are not on trial and you are not on the jury. You can and should condemn them. It's a common social mechanism that, while often misapplied to our own community, is sometimes necessary. They spent a sustained effort to catfish a socially vulnerable man, an effort they took almost certainly *because* he was socially vulnerable. Even if this manipulation occurred over only a day or two, that leaves plenty of room for reasonable doubt that they needed to shut down their ruse. The most generous definition of Hanlon's Razor would *still* have to concede that these people were knowingly performing actions with intent to do harm--defined as either the pain of discovering he was manipulated, the pain of being deliberately rejected under false pretenses, or psychically molested for the amusement of others. And this is based solely on information in OP's post. We don't know if his brother shared intimate details under false pretenses such as information or revealing photographs, much less if the manipulators shared this information publicly or otherwise used it against him. That is very possible, although I'm certainly giving them *reasonable doubt* and not assuming such detail. You need to get out of your pretensions here and wise up. A lot of people really *are* this shitty, and you don't owe them *anything.*
Isn't John K a confirmed pedophile?
Duh, /r/movies are mostly teenagers, idiots, and marketers appealing to both. They form a very solid echo chamber. Joker is not going to do that well, incidentally. It'll be a hit, but don't expect a barn-burner or anything.
No, I worked there at the end. They did make attempts. It just wasn't anywhere near enough. They still wanted the huge footprint they had in the 90s, and that was never coming back.
I mean there's due respect. It was an important world event because it shook up all the rich folk and reminded them they too were mortal, spurring wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and seriously changed US culture overnight. It's worth knowing and understanding. It's just listening to losers in Wisconsin or Iowa or New Mexico act like it's still this fresh wound and cry about it nearly 20 years after the fact. It's so masturbatory and as someone far closer to the event I feel qualified in telling them to go fuck themselves. I'm confident MacFarlane wouldn't feel far off behind closed doors.
Tough shit I'm not your film instructor.
So Harley Quinn for brunettes
Well kids, do you like it?
You read like a Baby Boomer.
So all y'all fuckers are just straight-up ok with commercials disguised as posts huh?
1993
Not really. The X-Men flicks are mediocre and disposable. Let them die a quiet death. It's frankly better than they deserve.
The effort:profit ratio is probably too low to be bothered with, especially if you want the capes to move, like at all.
Yeah we joke out on the Coast but we know Midwestern anger ain't nothing to fuck with.
There's a reason we send all of our comedians with potential out to Second City.
Adams must have been fucking **loaded** to be able to afford no slaves and still roll with the rich kids. Wonder where his family got that money, back then?
Again, it's superheroes. They're a niche product. I enjoy the comics in theory but in practice I just don't have the time to read them. 30-something neckbeards like myself are not a lucrative cash cow.
Yeah they really work on the scale of a media conglomerate like DC Entertainment.
That's most streaming services.
If you want to know why most of the world thinks the US is a bunch of rich shitheads, this will do nicely.
LMFAO "Hidden Gem" jesus dude. Ito's been popular as fuck on the western internet since at least 2004.
No one bats 1.000 forever.
My parents started doing this with movies we watched after I moved out and they stopped seeing me day-to-day. It really is telling how stupid people think you actually are.
Out of work people want work
I respect your honesty.
Lmfao kid I've been reading comics longer than you've been alive. Trust me, Aquaman has **never** been A-List, and all of Geoff Johns' work on him with New 52 didn't do shit. Peter David's work didn't do shit. Kurt Busiek's work didn't do shit. No one has ever actually succeeded prior to the movie, and I'm still surprised it succeeded as well as it did.
Always a snowflake waiting in the wings to get their participation trophy. "BUT WHAT ABOUT WHEN A BLACK GIRL WAS MEAN TO *ME* THAT ONE TIME?!"
Sure thing buddy. Sure thing.
Remember in the early 90s when this type of shit was considered edgy humor?
Yeah these are TV people. They would prop up their own parents on marionette strings and have them live-fuck on camera if they honestly thought it would keep their jobs going.
The Silent Hill influence is **strong** here.
As someone who lived on the greener side of that era, it really wasn't, and if you're over the age of 16 and still like that brand of stand-up you're a wanker.
Being fair that shit got shared a **lot** of places immediately. It can't all just be fans.
Thanks but no thanks.
"That sure is interesting. But I don't care!"
This is pathetic.
It's pretty garbage save for O'Quinn, but that's not a new opinion. There's a reason it isn't mentioned with the greats.
Laird Barron is a fucking master of horror short stories, particularly blending Western and Lovecraftian elements while playing them completely straight. Check him out now and get hipster points at your local high school. Don't read his full novels though. He's good, but he hasn't mastered the long form (who has?) and gives away *way* too much backstory on his own mythology to be frightening.
Eh, no gameplay. Pass.
Probably the most long-term character growth behind Buffy, Cordelia, and Spike, and definitely the most tragic.
Definitely for the worse. Tends to happen to a lot of tech companies when they get the money to move out of the "garage." They don't leave the "100 hour workweek sacrifice it all for us" culture behind. See-- Apple, Rockstar, Facebook, etc.
First time I saw it I turned on the TV right as Copper was about to shock Norris. I was *10*. You can imagine what an impression that made. I'd love that level of shock again. Note to marketers: You cannot replicate that level of shock again. I'm not 10 anymore. Don't try, it won't get you my money.
They won't do it because people like you will *whine* to the fucking high heavens, but they should make Magneto a radicalized wannabe who grew up in the shadow of the Holocaust and is letting paranoia and bad influences get the better of him.
Accurate
Nah w/out brand cachet (including the borrowed cachet from the MCU by casting Hemsworth/Thompson), this movie *really* has nothing.
What's the financial incentive to guarantee quarterly growth?
Been playing since launch. Trust me, Anet is *never* fixing their performance. I'm running an R9 390 and i5 from 2015 and I'm getting 40 fps regularly on World Bosses and Meta Events. It's worth the trouble.
Oh fuck right off. I'm running an i5-4590 and my performance jumped considerably.
Report stuff to the Github I suppose. Either way texture load-in is a minor complaint relative to the way the game will chug during crowded events.
He ripped this from an old Star Trek episode, "The Lower Decks."
Nerd cred, but this isn't going to woo the diehards. Doctor Sleep has a bad rep in the book community. This is for casual fans who really liked IT and are vaguely aware that The Shining was a thing that exists.
No shit this is a cash grab they're not paying likeness rights.
Ok Mike.
This look is anime af
You can't go home again.
(there's good reason they're $10)
there's no way to say this without sounding like a massive douche, but you'll understand when you're older.
&gt; It's literally a storyboard. Very much not true. Comics can work as a storyboard, but there are things comics can do that movies can't and vice versa. You don't call a still painting a "single frame" of a comic. 30 Days was made back in the early 00s, and frankly a *lot* of Hollywood views comics as a marketing tool and a creative jumping-off point rather than anything to hold fealty to. That's not inherently bad either-- Starship Troopers, The Shining, Iron Man 3, Captain America: Civil War-- all of these movies wipe their asses with the source material and all for the better. 30 Days isn't good because they were likely all just journeymen jobbers looking to get a product out by a deadline and didn't have the time, money, or skill to really find the best way to tell that story.
Not a gem, really. Kind-of a shit game from a shit genre that was only popular during the era of quarter-munchers.
It was a different paradigm. Back in the 80s and 90s a movie could find a second life in video rentals, which is where Child's Play built up its cachet.
Clickbait garbage. Anyone paying attention already knows the answer-- the US views the prison system as punitive and ripe for exploitation, not for rehabilitation and protection.
We are also warm, provide safety from cold, rain, and snow, and often provide recreation.
This is what happens when the X-Men starts believing the hype that it's "about things" and not a fun soap opera.
Exactly. Most Star Trek fans and nearly everyone who ever worked on the shows/movies 100% gets that it is a goofy, colorful nonsense mess of a franchise that occasionally stumbles into quality. It is fantastic on that basis. The fans that don't? You want to avoid them. They're not well.
Yeah I actually don't like Vonnegut but I respect him, and he was on the money with this one.
Nah Taskmaster has a wry personality. Keanu is **infamous** for his inability to emote.
Really? I grew up around NYC during that time and it seems to have done a pretty good job of it.
Nah I'm not a snob for kaiju flicks. KotM has a really bad human plot, even by the standards of the genre. It's a total bore whenever the monsters or Watanabe aren't on screen.
Only really hits as a mile marker for Spike's longterm growth tbh. Sans context it comes across as a bit hokey.
Joyce was so drawn out, fraught with uncertainty and then unexpectedly off, like a light switch. Fred was just a sucker punch to the gut followed by dim hope, then yanked away at the last moment.
I'm not the biggest fan of Alex Ross, but it takes *serious* skill to make the O5 in their O5 costumes look menacing.
Oh hell yes it is. Source-- watched Toy Story in theaters. People were making that joke a quarter-century ago.
1. You probably don't have enough saved to retire. 2. Social support networks, especially kids, are helpful as your body will eventually betray you and you need to rely on others for help.
Then Marvel backpedaled by saying Sublime had done something to drug Magneto's mind and make him psychotic. Because there is a real and troubling subspecies of fan who will hear no slander against their Holocaust Waifu.
Depends on how grown up they really are. Even really nice adults can be shitty to people with arrested development.
1. The man-puppet from 3. 2. The snake from 3. 3. Force-feeding you your own viscera until you joke.
That article is **15 YEARS OLD**. Do you even know that Aspergers isn't a thing anymore? It hasn't been *for half a decade*. Or how about how stupid it is to retroactively speculate if someone who died before most of the readers were born had a disorder, much less someone from the 1500s? You are a shameful person.
Ahoy's retrospective mentions how a 486 was the threshold for DOOM to be possible.
Selective breeding. Danes that are actually scary tend to be made into guard dogs and not pets.
Could have very easily gone South
Oh honey...
I'm genuinely surprised. Good for everyone involved.
Looked that up-- that is a *douchebag* move to order that drink, holy crap.
It's a blended drink, meaning it requires the barista to use 1 of 1-3 blender pitchers to make it. This needs to be rinsed out and cleaned between drinks, obviously. Now ideally there are 2-3 employees running the bar during a rush-- 1 for the hot drinks, 1 for the cold drinks (where the blenders are), and 1 to clean/miscellaneous duties. Things are rarely ideal, and often there are only 1-2 employees to run the entire store. The store, not just the bar. So needing to constantly run back from bar to bar, cleaning and reusing the scant few blenders, to make very minute variations on the same few drinks... It creates long wait times for everyone and a very tedious, involved workload for the Barista. During a busy time at Starbucks, order something simple. A coffee, an Americano, a simple iced tea or iced latte. The refreshers, frappucinos, cappuccinos, etc...especially complicated "secret menu" items (not actually secret, just custom)... It's a dick move.
Trite "edgy" humor. It's not shocking or offensive, just lame.
Would love a clip of that it speaks to my soul.
I had a Dane and his teeth seemed to recede, but w/e I don't care.
Yeah this shouldn't even be a question
This is the same management that insisted on writing the Personal Story at launch, ignoring their writers. GW2 management has been historically kind of dumb.
As terrible as it was twenty years ago. So bad it's kind of good though.
Kind-of? I've been in an active guild since launch and I participate/communicate, but I've never really made friends. I've also made a few solo friends, and had a few real life friends come and go. It's not bad, unless I want to RAID. Hard to pug RAID groups as a total neophyte. Pugs are demanding and intimidating.
Because they're cheap (by blockbuster standards)
*Yikes* /McAllister
They really are the more vulnerable little things aren't they? Just begging for protection and love. Do you have any pics of yours?
No. Hereditary wasn't that great and I'm experienced enough with horror movies to know that this hype is mostly teenagers who don't know better yet. Looks ok though. I'll watch it for free on a rainy afternoon.
"I think..." No, you don't think. Not on this. Most *professionals* don't know what the fuck they're doing outside of scamming the needy. You're out of your lane. Sit the fuck down. Just ask what the symptoms are and be supportive accordingly.
This is classic "what about the *men*" horseshit, tbh. Valid point, terrible timing and delivery.
It's very common, yes, especially with NTs. They'll claim it's common among them too, but it really doesn't seem to be.
She actually did cameo on Star Trek The Next Generation.
It's surprisingly skippable. Try it some time.
Wait really? Y'all thought a $30 racing track would include a full plastic bulldozer too?
Framing matters Like how you're framing this as a social crusade for Lost Boys so they're more amenable to whom you actually blame for all of society's ills.
The important subtext to either is "know your place."
Not how it went down at all
Wonder Twins. They were invented for the crappy 70s Superfriends cartoon so Gen-Xers love them even though literally no one else does. He can turn into various forms of water. She can turn into animals. It's as lame as it sounds and that's on a team with old-school Aquaman.
Plausible
She made a gaffe in making a general statement. The response is disproportionate and ridiculous. We've all said dumb things and made broad generalizations. If high-profile people aren't stripped of their privilege for making general statements about minorities, she does not deserve to have her very minor status as a streamer stripped for making a comment in exasperation.
Yeah I'm a man who plays a lot of games but I avoid "the culture" best I can. No joke, the ladies I've met through gaming/real life are *easily* the best ones to be friends with because they know not to take it so seriously. Some guys too, but they're not as common. That Keanu Reeves/Cyberpunk 2077 is goddamn creepy.
It's armchair nonsense, but I really do think a lot of the toxicity comes from their communities failing to give them a sense of strength and purpose. After 25 a lot of those guys have either found purpose (healthy or not) or screwed up their lives to the point where gaming isn't really viable. The others are either ultra-toxic, or simply well-adjusted.
God I hope you got paid for that OP. Without it it's just... it's just so sad.
Laymen and even film industry people often confuse "comic" with "storyboard." While the latter can be the former, the former is not the latter, in the same way you don't call a framed painting "one panel of a comic."
So puppet and shell companies
Batman is such a neckbeard.
It's a show that has lasted a decade in spite of wildly mixed quality. I don't feel bad taking potshots.
Batman is interesting. The older I get the less I like him, but I see his value. The really interesting part is that I don't think he's ever had a truly good movie, but rather ok movies with a few great spots. He's kind of the ultimate neckbeard fantasy-- a rich kid who spends all of his time in his parent's basement on their computer dressed in a furry suit, who only leaves to either beat up on poor/mentally ill people (but it's ok because they're *bad*) or have sex with a woman in another furry suit, and justifies it with a Survivor's Guilt narrative that is clearly unhealthy. Ok that's kind-of mean and disingenuous, but it's not inaccurate either. Batman is in many ways antiheroic, but all of his movies frame him as the righteous badass instead of the lunatic he is. I think there's real potential to explore Batman as an antihero and track his development into someone more well-adjusted with sidekicks, but it's a hard hard sell to movie people. Most dudes I know would sooner kick a puppy than admit that Batman is a shitty person who needs a redemption arc before being portrayed as a hero, and movie folk even less so. But there's a good story in there. It's a bit like Iron Man evolving from being this self-involved douchebag to deciding to help others, to learning to work with others and accomplish great things. Start Batman as this awful person who is really just getting his rocks off, and have other characters like Superman, Wonder Woman, etc. show him that his approach is self-defeating and not actually helping anyone. Then as the scale of threats grow bigger and beyond Gotham, Batman starts to realize what he can do to actually make positive changes and uses his fortune to do stuff like build factories and bankroll the Justice League. You can still have him brood, and be the badass loner of the team, and have "issues," and be the coolest guy for using gadgets instead of having innate superpowers. You can also have him go back to Gotham every now and again to deal with a supervillain or a crime family that rose up in his absence. You can even use a "safer" more gentrified Gotham to show how and why Batman would enlist teenage/young adult sidekicks and train them to watch the city while he's gone. It makes sense to me, but that's not what any Bat-fans want to see, and that makes me sad. Despite everyone *claiming* they love heroes that are compromised and villains that are "complex," the truth is that when heroes do things that are actually reprehensible they tend to disavow the hero entirely. Or even worse they mistake the protagonist for the moral center, and work to justify their horrible actions because one or two of their points were solid or they have *feelings* that make it ok (see: Rick from Rick and Morty, Walt from Breaking Bad, Tony Soprano from The Sopranos, Tony Montana from Scarface, the list goes on). And don't fucking get me *started* on the Joker. If someone says they love the Joker and he's their favorite character, run away and fast.
There are probably some advantages to employing people with Aspergers who filter the input of life differently, but it's a soft benefit at best. The rest are honestly drawbacks.
I'm autistic you idiot noodle. Aspergers hasn't been a thing in the DSM-V for **HALF A FUCKING DECADE**. You are so far behind the times. And it's not a bipolar spectrum, which I know is what you dumb ass was thinking. It's a radio graph. Don't know what that is? Then maybe you should shut the fuck up and educate yourself. So sick of dipshits like you. God help you if you actually *are* autistic and this lazy about helping yourself.
... I like it.
Nowadays? I remember doing that as early as 1998 to get screenshots of Diablo.
As a grown-ass man it makes me understand why older people were so exasperated with me when I used to act like all of the 00s bullshit was the first time in history stuff like that had happened. It was equally stupid of a lot of them to act like none of what was happening in the 00s mattered because "history repeats itself"--Baby Boomer complacency right there.
Or like an emaciated old woman whose veins have become teeny-tiny little things.
I heard a funny thing happened on the way there
The important thing is you're somehow the beleaguered victim of cosmic injustice.
&gt; I will never understand that level of greed. It's honestly a kind-of mental illness, the idea that someone else having something is equivalent to you having less. And like yeah the bottom line is that deep down they know on some fundamental level that they mistreat their subordinates, and giving economic power to them could very well lead to them being on the other end of mistreatment, but it manifests as such an extreme and maladjusted anxiety that they'll fight to the death over *subsistence* wages let alone the kind-of empowerment that would actually threaten them.
Not just fail, but fail after doing everything he could correctly. He rolled with every betrayal or setback, none of which were his fault, and performed massive heroic feats worthy of any epic. And he still failed, because he didn't go for the head on a million to one shot.
A drugged out travel cook sharing his Bougie frustrations and succumbing to mental illness is not someone I look to for insight.
At this point whenever he gets a new enemy he should switch identities, befriend them, and get them to father him a bit. It'll wreck them every time.
Those two haven't been relevant in 20 years.
The Music Industry isn't what it was in the 80s. You really can't hit on that scale again.
That argument is so amateur. The powers are never the issue. There are two problems. The first is that no one wants to tell Superman stories filled with real characters. They either want to hold to some outdated orthodoxy full of bland reverence, or do a bullshit radical take to "justify" him in the 21st Century. There is no line drive pitch that just lets Clark, Lois, Jimmy, etc *be* characters who talk and live their lives. The second is that Superman is a working class fantasy. He's a small town farmboy gifted with the ability to play in the big leagues, and his common sense Americana view enables him to have a moral compass in the face of temptation and other wannabe Masters of the Universe like Lex Luthor, Brainiac, and Darkseid. That angle is *completely* lost on the Bougie and Upper Class folk in charge of the property. At no point does bullshit about Jesus or Moses enter into it. At no point should bullshit about him being "too strong" enter into it, because power levels are always arbitrary as fuck. Any focus on Krypton beyond "it sure did exist" is too much for your average Superman story. And wanting Superman to go back to being an inverse of John Carter like he was for the first 2-3 years of publication in the 30s is mistaking the trees for the forest. It's a valid idea, but you'll find you run into the problems I'm talking about regardless of whatever window dressing you throw up
Rock as a culturally relevant thing has been dead for over a decade lmao where the fuck have you been?
We do bear the sins. Capitalists don't give a shit.
It's always had an undercurrent but they really reared their heads in 2015-16 with the election. There's some serious white supremacy and fascist shit on this site.
[citation needed]
Amalgam Comics was so, so stupid. If some nerd tries to tell you about how great it was, you can safely dismiss anything else they have to say. It wasn't. They were children and didn't know better.
No, not really. I mean they're capable of setting a horror mood or tone, but despite their unquestionable genius I also think they have their limits. They've never done spectacle well, and they prefer to have a wry sense of humor undercut their darkest moments. There's a spectrum they operate in and what /r/horror would want just isn't in there.
k
You have a mental illness.
Thanks but no thanks. He's too clean-cut for the kind-of Logan I like.
Jeez full of herself
I love how clearly Mignola is inspired by Kirby sometimes, especially in his character faces
Good job letting that there speckled loaf loaf them speckles
I know they won't because it's Disney, but I really hope they get kind of weird with it
OP is such a garbage person
Ride your high horse all day. I'm not wrong.
Good lord you losers suck his dick more
I am 100% uninterested unless Johnson is back and he's invested. Daniel Craig was amazing, don't get me wrong, but the film making and writing is what really made that movie.
Why do medical reports act like this isn't the first thing we want to know?
I could practically hear you sucking through your braces on that
I'm asking what was the design rationale I know damn well what they are.
You almost certainly do and don't realize it
I was around for PSO's launch, no one ever called it that. You're technically correct, but trust me no one gives a fuck
This is the second time I've seen a racist thing here so this is just a tread now?
I've lived elsewhere and it's not quite as wild as a discrepancy as Jersey, no
Duh they're nice but Harry is also a meal ticket
You mean lone wolf and cub
Great stuff is always
Kind of hokey really
Self-pity is deeply unimpressive
Either that or he finds that perception useful to endorse
"if you're explaining, you're losing"
This has not aged nearly as well as your nostalgia says it has
Great Danes really are just like that
This reminds me a lot of the late 90s, when the illusion first popped and people realized that simply shifting the paradigm of communication doesn't alter anything about human fundamentals, especially when chasing capital.
Go fuck yourself corporate Reddit!
