I didn't realise this until the other day but Onkyo and Pioneer are the same company now.
It's very moreish.
If you don't want to game on it just buy one. Just be sure to get one with an SSD.
Every TV has this turned on by default, because it makes regular content "smoother" which is the only way you'd actually know you were on a 4K TV at regular viewing distances, even with a 4K source. The HDR is the only way I can tell without getting right up close to the TV. If they want smoother films, release it in 60 fps. Auto filling in the blanks is a terrible way to do it, and I fear that if they do start releasing 60 fps movies, they'll "upscale" all the old movies using exactly the same terrible algorithms. And I still can't watch The Hobbit with the High Frame Rate option in my home.
I maintain Todd is the biggest psychopath in Breaking Bad. You can see him when he justifies shooting that kid and trying to find words that a normal person would say. Because he isn't one. He doesn't value human life at all.
Nah fam. Mini-disc players was where it was at. Was a pain in the arse to copy CDs to them as well. Think it needed an optical cable to get the track breaks in the right place.
Well it would mean more than "80% of voters chose a Brexit supporting party". If 51%+ actually still want Brexit, go for it. I personally doubt they still do once the reality of it hits them.
There's only 12 of them. Do they really need a whip anyway?
It's just globalization for the little man. If companies are allowed to put their call centres and manufacturing in third world shitholes for pennies an hour, should our hearts really bleed when we buy directly from those same places?
Well, you're cursed now.
Funny, I don't remember him getting any hate until he became Tommy Robinson.
Did we all grow up in the same house?
Used to know an Italian guy, and he would flip his shit at the things we put on pizza. Pineapple is a good suggestion if you want to wind one up.
The only enemies you really need to use the right approach on are Wraiths, since you can't hit them unless they're in the slowing spell. For everything else there's shield, dodge and hit. It's a story game rather than a gameplay game. If you're still not into it after the Bloody Baron quest chain reaches its conclusion, then you should probably stop. A shame because it's one of my favourite games this generation (with some of the only DLC worth having) but it's not going to be for everyone. Another thing of note is that you only really level through main story missions. The side quests only give a small amount of XP.
20ms is unlikely, considering the 2017 and 2018 LG OLEDs are 21ms and considered really good. https://www.rtings.com/tv/tests/input-lag/discontinued There are some 2013 Samsungs on there (yours is from 2011), so I'd expect it to be about that (LG LN5700 is ~67ms or around 4 frames @ 60 fps) or worse. Try plugging a PC into it and just moving a mouse around. Most games add about 2 frames from movement to display as part of the engine, so you can also try filming yourself playing a game and see how many frames between input and response.
Boosting mine by putting 40% a month in, plus employer's 5%. Didn't have one for years, so got some catching up to do.
But up or down, at the end you still have a house you can live in.
Looked shit anyway.
Isn't that where they make popovers?
Well there was an alternative to Steam back then. They were called "shops", and were in every town and city. I think Epic can succeed, not as an exclusive source, but as a platform where Indies can keep more of the money. It will certainly be better for most even than direct selling, once fraud is taken into account. And what kid out there doesn't have Fortnite installed already. A couple of free games sweetens the deal. I'm not a huge fan of everyone having their own bloated shop installed on my PC, but while Valve's cut is 30% it's going to be the reality of PC gaming.
And by "personal responsibility" he means "none whatsoever".
No witness, no crime.
So you wouldn't be able to use the TV apps to play content.
At 4k HDR? Plus the LG apps are pretty good and the remote is hard to give up.
Depends if there's a football match on.
Nostalgia for things that happened like 2 years ago...
False. If you're really good at it nobody notices. The key is to make sure you get all the neck and hands.
Just think, our first contact with alien life will be unsolicited nudes and a mixtape.
*Minus* 8 tins.
Well at least when Harry goes bald that rumour might stop.
Just shave it all off lad, you look like a school headmaster.
Yeah, it's not some wildly outlandish spelling, just a rare one.
Did you calibrate it from the menu? It says the logo had to be visible but I had to change the RGB (limited/full depending on your TV, it truncates colours below a certain brightness to black) option in the main PS4 settings menu to get that to show at all. If you've been playing with HDR on most titles it's worth a look.
But what can we do to crush the dreams of the one in eight?
These were soulbound on creation, right?
They're are no good movies based on games. None. However the Netflix animated Castlevania series is worth a watch.
Surely that would require some kind of super-wide phone? Wouldn't that be difficult to hold in your hand? It would look very silly when you try and talk into it.
It's the will of the people.
No wonder Dennis The Menace always bullied him.
The good news is you're now crouching.
Bad ones at that.
Bye-bye, jobs.
"We're aiming to print money with Lego Dimensions now, sorry. Also, The Avengers are more popular. And Star Wars is back. Man, fuck The Hobbit."
Yeah I think the whole Lego tie-in thing has run its course. It was mostly the same game over and over with minor tweaks. Like every other fad people eventually have enough of it and move on. The toy as DLC appears to be over as well. Disney Infinity died. Even the Skylanders money well seems to have dried up. A double whammy for Lego.
The fact that you don't even get a month's subscription with the expansion is madness.
Being a system-wide thing rather than something for one specific game probably helps. Even then they're not huge money makers. Most Switch owners won't even own one or care about their existence.
By "other unannounced projects" do they mean "some mobile bullshit that's going to make us super rich"?
I mean, their best selling title is a Star Wars game. But the two or three times yearly instalments mean that nobody is really excited for Lego games the way they were in the early years. Nothing really sells well any more, so they get all prepped to sell 10 million of something, it doesn't happen, so they assume it just needs the right franchise to tip it into the stratosphere once again. They thought it would be The Avengers. Then they thought it would be Star Wars TFA. It isn't. It never is. Original Lego Star Wars works because we've seen those films dozens of times over the last 30 years. We know all the scenes and it's fun to see them in condensed form with Lego and silent slapstick comedy. It doesn't work so well when it's a film that came out three months ago and isn't interesting enough to carry a full 8 hour game.
Ah, the repeated call to break mathematics. Sorry, governments. We can have secrets now. I mean, we don't, obviously. We blurt our entire lives into Amazon and Google. We spray our thoughts across Facebook and Twitter. We can't stop ourselves, even when presented with the harm that can do. But we *can* have secrets and there's nothing you can do about it. Except torture.
Watch them pull a WoD and make this a two tier expansion...
Now it annoys me even more!
That dog looks like Seth Rogen.
Or I can get them in Tesco while doing the shopping I was doing anyway. And it's still cheaper than going into Game.
"Do what you love and you'll have one less thing that you love."
I don't know why people still watch TV. Is it that hard to choose something to watch for yourself? About the only thing it's good for is sport, and even there the internet is just about caught up.
Rare to see Stabbo on the internet. I didn't even know they had it around there. They deleted the original post after the locals ridiculed it. https://m.facebook.com/nottspolice/posts/2231741710196316
All I can see is Alan Partridge and his massive beefeater bear.
I notice those "this is climbable" markers only became necessary after games started adding so much clutter. PS1 Tomb Raider never had them because the only things there were things you could climb on. Now it's 50/50 if that trellis is scenery or a ladder.
How well does the C3 get cat hair out of thick carpets? Been thinking of replacing my elderly Dyson as it's cumbersome to use.
Annoys me I can't vote for them. Shame we can't have an English National Party that isn't a pile of racist shitheads.
I wouldn't. That's where the magical coins appear.
A good test would be to plug it into a monitor and see if it's still as hard.
Have you seen the Ion's Sufficient Tooltips add-on? I think you'll really like it.
So is New Zealand a part of Australia or what?
Are we officially allowed to start counting the sleeps until we're fucked?
Step 1. Don't have an Oculus Rift headset. :(
Yeah, a lot of Polish and Romanian people came here when they joined the EU. Both are extremely religious by UK standards.
Here's somebody else's, since I can't be bothered to get out of bed to film my own. https://streamable.com/ao9ih
Nice to see that in 2018 Doomsday cults are still a thing.
Probably outnumbers the people still maining a shaman...
You underestimate the idiocy of the electorate. Recently I saw an article about a man who is on universal credit and can barely feed himself and his young daughter. He voted Tory and will do so again because he thinks Tory policies are right for the country, and that austerity is the way to fix it. He just fails to realise that *he* is the enemy of the Tory party. That he is the blight on the nation they despise. I don't know how to reason with that because he isn't coming from a position of reason.
I'm sure early on when people were asking for it, they said it would be too cliche. I kind of agree, but nobody seems to be making a proper ninja game these days. Maybe Shadows Die Twice will scratch that itch.
G2A is *built* on shoddy customer policies. They sell a subscription to make sure you actually get the products you buy. As if that's not a fucking legal requirement of being an online shop.
These days we're lucky if they don't look like a Doodlebear.
Here's a complete list of games I've bought at full launch price this generation. The Last Guardian. Uncharted 4. Red Dead Redemption 2. That's it. If people are buying new games several times a month, they should probably look at themselves rather than the games industry. Stuff always goes on sale eventually. Not everything is worth your time or your money. A kid I was limited by the latter, now it's the former.
Fun? As part of the basic package? We're not a charity you know, fun will be at least 3 DLC packs away. But look! Funcoins are 20% off when you buy 50,000!
All my Facebook friends have either baby pictures or dead grandmas as their profile pictures. That alone is enough to make me want to delete it.
I know somebody who swears WoW died the day they made herbs sparkle. At some point WoW stops being fun for people so they blame the most recent change, rather than the fact that it's old as shit and they just found better things to do.
THQ making a moderately successful drawing tablet for the Wii. They decided that Xbox 360 and PS3 would buy it in similar numbers, so made millions of the things. Turns out that other consoles were not too keen on a half assed graphics tablet, and it started a chain of bad finances that led to the company being sold off piecemeal.
Just waiting for the queue to pop.
I think there were a handful of quests to build the Icecrown Colosseum and some odd PvP faction NPCs dotted around.
Junkie boy there can get £18 for it at CEX if he hurries up.
Peter's Irish girlfriend in Heroes. Lost in time. Never mentioned again.
I'd go with the Xbox One S, because at least MS bothered to put a 4K BR player in it, and it's cheaper than a PS4. Still baffled that Sony left it out of the Pro.
The decision to play him with a broad Yorkshire accent is a work of genius on its own.
I'm pretty sure you have the right to decline their sharing of data *and* that must not disallow you from using the service. It must also be opt in.
To be fair, Destiny 2 probably just had yet another 40GB patch.
It's for The Greater Good.
Judging by the size of it, it wouldn't even be your choice.
I regularly fall asleep during movies. It's normally when the CGI action bits start and you've got 15 minutes of citywide destruction that doesn't seem to mean anything. How can I be expected to care for a character's well-being when you've got sequels lined up five years in advance?
Pokemon Go works, although it has to be said you lose much more weight at the dinner table. Ditch snacks, weigh out sensible portions rather than eyeballing it, etc. I like to put Netflix on while using weights, for the downtime between sets.
Yeah, this generation was an important lesson for MS. It wasn't a dance peripheral that put the Xbox 360 on the map. It was Halo, Gears of War, and an early start. Sony knocked it out of the park on day one and never looked back.
By adding the main too? If somebody disappears and then a level 120 appears to try and kill you, it don't take a genius to work out that's the same person. Also, you can check mains and alts on various progress sites. The achievement timestamps give it away.
It is silly (no matter where somebody goes in the EU they should be entered into the same system and dished out among the countries proportionally), but we are so hysterical in our response you'd think we were about to hang another monkey.
We've got one that's only open during office hours, is about 100 yards from an Aldi, a Tesco and an Asda, seemingly has 40% of the shop dedicated to budget kitchen roll, and the door is always locked anyway.
I'm holding out for Patriot Coal.
"Just smash through the iceberg" shouts man on neighbouring boat to the Titanic.
Yeah, everyone's was doing it. Presumably to make you go "oh, the internet is rubbish. Better take out a ludicrously expensive subscription to BT Sport"
It did seem they took precautions when they stopped denying the reactor had blown up.
It's probably 8 out of 9 people...
One is for Guardian readers.
I haven't either. Which is why I've not leveled a new alt from 1 to max since Cataclysm. But those who want to play new characters have to either waste time leveling through 120 mindless grinds or boost it for an afternoons wages.
Better than actually dealing with CSS.
Apple wins patent to waste the whole battery when it wakes up in your pocket and tries to find a face in all the pocket fluff.
Well you could push it on the rich, but then they wouldn't vote Tory would they?
I wouldn't say realistic (mounts still reflect in water some way in the distance for some reason), but the original game had blobs for shadows, no reflections at all (my wife's GPU couldn't even render transparent water), and the lighting was all pre-baked and flat. It seems they've kept all that from retail. I'm not even sure you can make retail look like vanilla even by pushing all the sliders down to 1.
I'm of the opinion that Royal Mail's fee should come out of the tax. If that means the government get nothing, so be it. Don't set the bar so low. Make it so we little people can get the benefits of a "global economy" as well as massive corporations, and set the VAT limit at about £100. This is going to be especially annoying after Brexit where all kinds of goods are going to get caught up in this shit.
Stacked with new features eh? Can't wait to pay 800 FunGems to resurrect a pet after it dies in a bullshit unavoidable way.
Real men use assembly and whack the nails in with our bare hands!
Perving tax?
Remotely activated floodlights. Gimp suit. Air horns. Go wild.
Is this a new AVR, or a used one that somebody might have have "creative" settings already in there? &gt;When I unplugged the HDMI, video went black, but the sound came on. I dont get it. Possibly the Xbox detecting that the HDMI was unplugged and rerouting audio to the optical port. Does it work if you unplug the optical? Checked the Xbox settings and do other HDMI devices work?
4K TVs will display your content just fine, I've run my OLED almost exclusively in 1080p since I bought it. You honestly won't save any appreciable money by hunting down a 1080p set. You'll just get an old crap TV. On top of that some TVs can display 1080p content at 120Hz, e.g. PC games. Which is very smooth.
Have a paper straw wrapped in plastic rather than a plastic straw wrapped in paper!
Memento the job. :(
If 5% of the country are racist idiots, *shouldn't* Our Tommeh get a seat?
I'm pretty sure if a working-class couple's child had gone missing under similar dodgy circumstances, they'd have both been in jail for the last decade.
Exactly, respecting the result means Norway, not North Korea...
That would be my suggestion too. That way the warm air comes out the back of the Xbox and goes up and out the back. Maybe pull it out another inch or so from the wall.
Certainly looks that way. Very Diablo-esque.
This is why Cameron fucked off the second he lost the vote. The only winning move was to win the vote. Anything past that is a lose for everyone. Well, everyone who isn't interested in hiding millions of pounds of illicit earnings in the far corners of the world.
When has anyone ever searched on Reddit? Or even scrolled past the first page of stuff. Just one of those things we get over and over, like "what soundbar should I get?"
Are the games maybe switching to a resolution that the TV doesn't support?
Kind of like the cards you get in the original Witcher when you cop off with them.
Doesn't need to be lunch time either.
It does seem the most ardent Brexiteers are all about sabotaging any form of Brexit at all. I suspect it's because they don't want the flak when it all goes wrong and Project Fear is proven to be Project Reality. I guess that's what happens when you sell the people an impossible solution to their problems...
**Optical and ARC** only support 2 channel PCM (lossless) and compressed Dolby/DTS 5.1. These are what you'd expect from the DVD era, but are mostly fine for streaming services which only carry compressed data anyway. **ARC** additionally supports Dolby Digital+, which is how you can get Netflix to output Atmos content on the TV app. It's a compressed form of Atmos. Everything else is not only HDMI only, but it will also not pass through regular ARC. **eARC** is a fairly new standard that *does* pass the new and improved audio formats, but it requires very new TV and AVR equipment. The only way an ARC soundbar can support uncompressed surround formats is by plugging the source directly into it, and from the soundbar's HDMI out into the TV.
It's not even the EU particularly that I'm passionate about. You can go for the Norway deal all day long. It's free movement that I really want to keep. I met my wife in an EEA country, and because of free movement rules she was able to join me here. No threat of deportation for not earning enough. No gatekeeping. No endless 80 pages of form filling. Just move, work, live, done. By threatening to take that away, they have turned me into a single issue voter. I was never going to vote Tory anyway, but Labour could probably use my support and they're not going to get it until they get off the fence.
The real question is, will Stadia Base allow HDR at 1080p? Because that's really the point of "4K" rather than a small resolution bump that many people can't even see due to the distance they sit from their TV.
Clay? Gore? Must be Lee Hardcastle. I remember his [Pingu version of The Thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAoONl2P8fw) which remains magnificent.
I think you need to actually have an MP for that, Nige.
Keep your private shit away from the communal shit. It's just common sense, surely?
And Casino.
Every tutorial I've ever followed has always fallen apart about halfway through when they want you to click on something that has moved or changed.
Tim seems to be one of those guys that has the occasional fantastic idea, but neither he nor anyone else can tell them from the bad ideas until the game is finished.
Can see the Tories offering to pay it again, in order to get grannies on-side. Maybe a bit closer to election time though. Say, September.
A small cabinet at that. They look pretty tiny in the pictures, even accounting for the usual Photoshop fuckery. $300 for a full size cabinet with screen and controller sounds like a bargain. Edit: Although I'd rather have a slimline one that folds into the wall when not in use.
That's going to be awkward af to use, even with the stand...
I'm not sure "favourite kill" is the term I'd use, but it was certainly a special effect I've not seen before or since.
Possibly, but I'd burn them in a stolen car so as not to arouse suspicion.
Can't help but think cladding a tower block in wood is somewhat poorly thought through.
That's EFTA.
Given that you can download the storefronts for no charge, I don't think they've got a leg to stand on. If it would actually cost them more money (e.g. saying they'd launch on Wii U and then pushing it to Switch instead), then they'd have a definite point.
Windows is listed as a requirement for the PC version. Maybe Linux users could learn to read instead of spending all day recompiling their kernels.
Tell you what, that crack is really moreish.
I feel that goes for most of the shows in this thread. The first season (sometimes more) is planned, with all the twists, conclusions and revelations that make a good show. Then somebody drives a dump truck full of money into their houses and asks for 5 more seasons...
ARC supports DTS and Dolby 5.1, as well as stereo PCM. You won't get modern lossless formats (no streaming services use them) or Atmos (although with a 1.4 AVR that want an option anyway) Are you sure the FireTV isn't outputting PCM all the time?
I think Naughty Dog's output is the best multi-generational example out there. From Crash through to Uncharted 4, you can see the additions and alterations and improvements (in both tech and gameplay) made along the way.
Yes, but not in full view of them. I suspect a lot of protest organisers will be disappearing without trace fairly shortly.
Yeah, amp only.
If they could find an analogue out, they wouldn't need that adapter. Most TVs just don't have them any more. Mine doesn't seem to either. More likely to find Bluetooth than a 3.5mm jack these days.
Fancy that. All it did was push house prices up even more. If people can afford to pay more for their home, people will charge more.
Nah, it's all Reich. Seriously though, you really don't want that tattoo anywhere that people could see it without context. Not unless you want to spend the rest of your life wiping milkshakes off yourself.
Echoes of Trump right there.
I'm being paid to shit. Who's the real winner here?
For those that don't know, you can have them set that way at the same time. The main setting is for games, while playing a BR disc the Options button will allow you access to a second version of that menu that just works when playing movies. As for the why: For games, bitstream is very laggy and there's no need to encode and decode it when HDMI passes 7.1 PCM just fine. For movies, Bitstream is the only way to get Atmos out of the PS4. Leaving it on PCM will only output 7.1.
Latency is mostly OK for me, but I was running Rise of the Tomb Raider at like 80-90fps on my PC, and the Steam Link ran it at like 40... Choppy as fuck. No idea why. Doesn't help that scenes with any amount of complexity are reduced to potato quality by the video encoding. In the end I just unplugged all my PC stuff and took it downstairs to play on the big TV.
Call me old fashioned, but if I pay full price for a game, I not only want a full game, but I don't want it holding it's hand out for more money like a beggar outside a train station. So you've made content for a game? That's great. Pop it on PSN and I'll go buy it if I want it. I don't want to see adverts all over the menus for it, and I *definitely* don't want to see stuff in-game for it. Like quest givers who want you to buy the DLC, or locations on the map that stop you on the way in to get you to buy it.
Users award Reddit Shit get a one month "reward" of being forced to use the new UI.
4K ends the resolution race. After that the framerate race might begin, although they'll probably just cram more crap onscreen instead.
It's just Breaking Bad that did this, isn't it? Can't remember seeing it done anywhere else.
Not really. I used to use an ancient device (Creative DDTS-100 7.1-Channel Audio Decoder) that had a bunch of optical inputs and 7.1 out (which was faked since no optical signals actually support 7.1) This worked fairly well throughout the PS2 and Xbox 360 years, but unfortunately optical is a bit outdated now. Optical only passes 5.1 DTS, 5.1 Dolby and 2 channel PCM, and anything outside of that has to be converted which can add lag. Running a PS4 though it in Bitstream mode adds like a second of audio lag, which makes it completely useless. You could *possibly* use something like that from a TV, and it might work with say Netflix. Honestly don't know where mine went so can't test it out. Upgraded to an AVR years ago and never looked back. I don't see why it *wouldn't* work, since the optical limits are the same as HDMI ARC limits.
I quite liked Smithereens.
Well, sounds like Hong Kong are on their own then.
This government? Nothing.
I think the key to enjoying those is figuring out how progress works. You need to open shortcuts to make failure less punishing. You need to figure out how all the enemy types work. That's more or less it. The levelling helps but it's kind of a red herring, as is the armour. Unlike other games, you progress is not held back by your level that much. Weapon upgrades are much more important, as you need to be good for less time. But you still need to be good. There's a lot of leeway for cheesy tactics.
There was no cyclist in it, but we spent the next two weeks waiting for a fine to drop through the letterbox. Also, a bike lane you can drive in? What's the point of it then?
Is HTML not your favourite programming language?
Seamless.
Probably (and only if you invest it in a stocks and shares ISA since guaranteed savings accounts seem to cap out at 1.5%), but you can't live in a savings account. I paid my mortgage off early because it's nice to have one less thing to worry about.
Sounds like a great reason to not buy a Samsung TV. Apart from them being crap anyway. OLED is light years ahead of QLED.
Most *MMOs* aren't built with MMOs in mind... Or at least not in mind of what they eventually sprawl into.
On the bright side, the half of my money that I shoved into a S&amp;S ISA is doing well...
I love that line because Olympus is like half the height of Kilimanjaro, and you can't even *see* Kilimanjaro from the Serengeti.
But what if he's a 90s rapper hanging with his homies in the hood?
How fucked in the head do you have to be to see a bunch of 6 year-olds murdered by a psychopath, and your first thought is "the gubment tryin' to take mah guns away again!"
Wow. Could this be the first EA game since Mass Effect 3 that I'm actually interested in?
I've wondered about that subwoofer myself. Low bottom end and it's a decent price. Saw a review that says it doesn't go particularly loud, but at the same time I don't need particularly loud. Not unless I want rather violent neighbours knocking on my door. Wonder what the catch is, or if it's just slipped below the radar.
A black character who isn't a walking stereotype. Praise the lord.
Had the same problem when I went to Iceland. Pissed it down every day. Don't think I saw the sun or moon the whole time I was there.
I think they have one of those in Ireland. They'll be OK.
There's two kinds of shows. Those that die when they're still good, and those that prolong the inevitable. Three kinds of shows if you count Breaking Bad.
Starring Emilia Clarke, Emilia Clarke's left eyebrow and Emilia Clarke's right eyebrow.
The train I was on did have a destination of Brum, so that's probably where they were packing him off to. Can't say he was in any state to get off anywhere other than where they get kicked off at the end of the line. Far enough to not be a local authority problem any more. Toodle-oo.
Bethesda the publisher is doing quite well. Got some solid titles under their belts, like Doom and Wolfenstein. Bethesda the developer... Well... Their games are different. A world, in which you can go anywhere whenever, create your character and play it the way *you* want to, and a huge amount of stuff to do that isn't just "collect an item here" like a lot of open world games. It's just they're a bit buggy, and we've come to expect better. Things like The Witcher 3 and Breath of the Wild may not have the flexibility of Bethesda games, but you can't argue they're not more polished. I've never had to Google stuff that wasn't working, like the time in Skyrim I picked up an item and then got a quest to get it. I couldn't drop the item because it was important. I couldn't "get" the item because I already had it. I couldn't type an esoteric command to fix it because I was on the Xbox 360. It crashed more than anything else I've ever played. And all the while people just shrugged and went "Bethesda innit". I played New Vegas after that, and although it was still extremely buggy, the writing was on another level from what Bethesda normally do, and there was flexibility in the story rather than just a bunch of threads you can either do or not. There was never a need in Skyrim to actually master any magic to become leader of the Mage University, the questline didn't make you good at it. It's just poor in ways that are hard to grasp until you step back and go "oh yeah, this makes no sense". I think Bethesda games are like Pokemon for me. I played one, enjoyed it, can see the flaws and repetitiveness, probably won't play another.
Yeah, it's not the 90s engine any more. There's no doubt bits of it still in there, but there's probably bits of Carmack's original quake code sat around in Modern Warfare 3. I don't think its fair to blame the engine for every problem with Bethesda. At some point you've got to blame the devs. Either for sticking with it, not fixing it, or just not knowing how to use it. The problems come back to them.
I'm not sure it's a dogwhistle so much as an alpine horn.
Source Engine being GoldSrc being modified Quake Engine again. It's Quake all the way down... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/Quake_-_family_tree.svg
What they should be asking themselves is "will the Tory voters continue to vote Tory with Rory in charge?" versus "how many those other voters would switch to vote Tory with Rory in charge?" But that's forward thinking, and expanding the party based on compromises. Things that aren't exactly the Conservative forte.
As if the Daily Mail of all people give a fuck about anti-Semitism... "Hooray for the Blackshirts!"
Super Noodles, BBQ Chicken flavour. Boil in a pan, 300ml of water. Add an egg and mix it all up. Boil all the water off, stick it in a bowl. Add some cheese (strong cheddar, just melts in) &amp; meat (chopped up Peperami or pre-cooked chicken bites).
Given that Arron Banks was telling his followers to join the Tories specifically to pick a Brexit PM, quite a few.
Presumably by being as sick of this bunch of wasters as we are. He does seem like his patience is running thin. Quite what he's doing in the Tory party is anyone's guess. I'm guessing he took a wrong turn and just went with it.
Modern Tomb Raider puzzles aren't really physics puzzles. There's just a bunch of glowy interactive shit you can push about and press buttons in the right order to progress. And if you stop to think for more than ten seconds she gives you the answers anyway.
Exactly that. For "modern" game design, Imagine a popup appeared right away (or worse, a fairy with an annoying voice *saying* it) on 1-1 saying "Hey adventurer, did you know you can press LEFT and RIGHT to move around?" and then level 1-1 was just a flat surface with a few coins on it. 1-2 has a popup going "I hear you can press A to jump", and then the whole level is flat again with a few blocks to jump over. And then every mechanic being introduced in this gruelling terrible tutorial that makes you want to claw your eyes out. It's maddening when you just want to get stuck into the game. If your game requires an overlong tutorial, you should probably have a good long think about why...
And £50 in case you get sent to jail.
Horizon Zero Dawn appears to do this, with it's various elemental attacks. Hit it with a few fire attacks, and it'll become "burning" taking ticking damage and opening it up to more damage. Although there it's just one of many things, like roping them down, and blowing whole chunks of the machines away.
Welp, that's going to mean we can't trade with *anyone* after Brexit...
No, you came in too early. You should have waited for somebody else to say they were named after Mr Crowley by Ozzy Osbourne, then blown their minds with even more knowledge.
I'm sure I read that housebuilding is propped up by Polish labour. The capacity is held back by a lack of people able to do it. That may not still be the case, but worth a look I reckon.
What were you looking to spend? Basic amp is like £100 new. https://www.richersounds.com/hi-fi/amplifiers-receivers/cambridge-topaz-am1-blk.html If you pay a bit more or go second hand you can get a basic AVR. That way you can run any Bluray players and consoles through it, as well as upgrade it to 5.1 further down the line. Even control the volume through the TV remote (if you run ARC instead of optical).
Saying you're doing something and *actually* doing something are two very different things in Governmentland. Lets not celebrate just yet.
Then I wish them my most enthusiastic contrafibularities.
"This website doesn't work." "I want to run this banking app." "I need to WhatsApp this person." No thanks. I'll stick with devices that have other actual brain-dead users. The PCs I get handed are from the ark in most cases anyway. Think laptops still running Vista. A tablet would be an upgrade.
Shame I had to watch it on NowTV which is the streaming equivalent of cybersquatting on domain names. 720p. Stereo. Fuck NowTV for even existing.
"We've not racist, we've got a coloured friend!"
Especially since a cease and desist normally follows any kind of public reveal.
What have these people convinced themselves Corbyn is? Stalin's brain in a mechsuit? To the gulags with them!
Technically you don't vote for the party, you vote for your local representative. Who is free to leave that party at any time and join another. And the parties are free at any time to do whatever they want, because there's absolutely zero accountability in any of it.
This Is Spinal Tap.
The tech behind a TV is something to look at. Most are LCD (both edge lit and FALD), but there are OLED too which has superior contrast handling even if they're not as bright. Pay attention to the black levels when comparing. Shops are often quite bright, so it's harder to see a difference that will be all too apparent in your living room.
Hope it's Q.
That ending is completely unwatchable, it's hilarious. It's like ending Schindler's List with a song and dance routine.
This is about the knitted Klan hood patterns isn't it?
I'm rapidly coming to the conclusion that it never existed. A thin veneer of tea and charming eccentricness over a steaming cesspool of poverty and hate.
Sausages!
I can't imagine the queen saying that about anyone. Not even members of her own family, let alone Trump.
I like how the higher value cards are slightly bigger. Makes it feel like a better present.
The latter. You can't kill greed.
Thanks to the Personal Relationships Act of 2015, appearing on Love Island is now one of the few legal ways that native Brits can now breed. Hope you've put your application in, because there's a 12 year waiting list. Don't want to miss that fertility window.
I work in IT. No thanks...
The ones with 10 kids are an absolute minority, the fact that you even mention it is down to right wing papers pushing the slow news day "look at this lazy fucker, 10 kids and *you're* paying for them" articles. I don't know anyone with 10 kids. The only one I've even heard of is that scrote from Derby who burned most of them to death in a self inflicted arson attack a few years back.
The main problem with cycling is that the infrastructure is complete crap. In most places we've just about got room for two cars (as long as nobody has double-parked), let alone actual protected cycle lanes. I'd like to see them offer tax incentives to companies that let their staff work from home. Get some good internet going, and millions of office workers can get two hours a day back, and save god knows how many car journeys.
Not that difficult. Line them up in order of leaving the EU-ness (which is to say No Brexit, Soft Brexit, May Brexit, Hard Brexit), and travel along it 52% to reflect the referendum result. That leaves us in Soft Brexit. Stay in single market and customs union, we've left the EU which abides by the referendum result. This is also the only one in which first and second place votes give anything like a majority. Yes, you ignore the Hard Brexit brigade, but they'll always be angry anyway. Trying to placate them is an utterly futile exercise in goalpost moving.
Still a better boxer than Rocky...
Which is fair enough. I would like to rejoin the full EU and even join the Schengen area. It's just the only sensible middle ground, and reflects the utterly divided state of the country. Quite why we haven't landed on it yet is beyond me.
There's a difference between a standalone product that gets a sequel due to popularity, and a product designed to be part of something larger that may get canned due to a lack of it.
Do you get 20% added to it in a workplace pension if you earn below the threshold? Also, I didn't factor in the employer contribution. Forgot they'd made that mandatory a few years ago.
Including online sales, Bayonetta 2 probably sold more on the Switch than it did on the Wii U. The Wii U was a failure by any measure. I don't think it even came close to sales of the original, but console exclusive play by different rules. It's about selling consoles rather than games, and a game can technically make a loss but still be worth it to those funding it. Their biggest selling game of recent years is almost certainly Nier: Automata.
It would have to have servers in my country to even consider it. And I suspect that the first lag-fest when trying to game would send me scurrying back to console. Definitely a try before you buy type thing.
I mean, you're in Aldi. The decision to favour price over everything else has been made long before you reach the shite aisle.
Tell that to Ubisoft. https://www.gamespot.com/articles/former-ubisoft-developer-accuses-shadow-of-mordor-of-using-code-from-assassin-s-creed/1100-6417307/
How very astute of you. You want a review mentioning AC? https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/gaming/middle-earth-shadow-of-mordor-review-blend-between-assassins-creed-and-lord-of-the-rings-9772779.html *I* never said they stole the assets and code, but if one of the developers is convinced of it, can you really argue that they're completely different? I honestly wouldn't be surprised if Ubisoft sold parts of AC to them to use in their own game. At that point they'd moved on from the Ezio series, and had some new engine stuff going on with AC3 and Black Flag.
When you want to throw a milkshake but have to improvise.
15 I think.
The thing about an AI that's smarter than a player, is it's pretty much indistinguishable from cheating. What players really seem to want is predictable AI, so they can feel smart for being better than it. They want to know what the AI is "thinking", this is what FEAR did so well. Good communication with the player, and a play area designed to exploit it. Pretty much all stealth games have a way to tell the player they've been spotted, or are about to be spotted, as another example.
"A society grows great when old men plant trees in whose shade they know they shall never sit."
Has anyone seen the picnic table? Nvm, found it.
How far down the supply chains do you want to go? Even if you get all the way to watch the metals that will eventually become in iPhone X being dug from the ground, do you call it a day. What about the natives who used to live on the mining site, rotting in a mass grave courtesy of Mega Mining Corp? Society is built on the corpses of the poorest. You can ask your suppliers if they're ethical all day long, but eventually it gets down to a level when they just lie to get your money. And most people, even in the west are too poor to really be able to do anything about it. Tell somebody working two jobs just to make rent that they shouldn't be buying the cheapest shit, in case somebody in Mozambique isn't getting a living wage out of it. In a a perfect world, our governments would ban the import of things sourced through murder and slavery, but that seems somewhat unlikely to happen.
I've always assumed the people who appear in these things are made up. An amalgamation of stock photos and "inspirational" corporate messages to distract you from the fact that you exchange large chunks of your time and life for pitiful amounts of money.
Money. That and make up, personal trainer and fashion consultant so you don't look like you've got some rare disease.
But as usual the Iranian people will bear the brunt of anything we do to them. Haven't we pricked about in the Middle East enough?
And why is that I wonder? Because corporations run by billionaires can be trusted, or because of decades of environmental regulations?
He could be in Thunderbird 5.
"Two? I can cope!" Warblegarglebargh! As that patrol of three enters the game from behind you...
Can't we have Peter Kay back? At least he was in decent things.
It's not the sea level rise you've got to worry about, even at a worst case 9 metres, which seems somewhat fanciful. I mean we'd lose Hull, Skegness and maybe Peterborough, but I'm not sure anybody would really miss those. It's the huge amounts of rain that climate change is bringing on, and the fact that after a while there's nowhere for it to go. This November I went to my park and half of it was like a lake. The brook was filled. The Trent had swallowed the footpaths. I've had trains cancelled on three seperate occasions due to flooding on the tracks. The nearby fields are still sodden with water even now. It's never been like this in living memory.
Yes. Lots. The first had aged badly even by the time Uncharted 3 came out. It looked good but that was it, lots of pop up shooting gallery sections with monster closets.
Pretty sure they just extended it by another week (along with the sale) unless I misread it. But you can keep it until later in the year, yes.
Another bad tutorial. Sorry but a screen full of irrelevant text, a fairy constantly interrupting you, all those are bad. You want a lesson, an obstacle that can only be passed by paying attention to it, and then a few more opportunities to use it and abuse it. Almost every level in Mario Galaxy 2 works like this. It doesn't just stop you in what you're doing to tell you about health bars, or some obscure mechanic you're not going to use until you're 20 hours in. If I'm still at a stage in the game that can be passed by running around and hitting the attack button, then leave me alone to do just that. It's not like an opening fight against a few guards needs you to be told about all the shit that fills the screen.
The other week my Nintendo Switch wanted to do a system update. "Oh, here we go" thought I. "OK, I've done it." said the Switch. In like 2 seconds. It's still possible. Modern things taking ages to update isn't inevitable.
I particularly like my local city's news site, where an accidental motion sideways as you scroll down loads the "next" article. https://www.nottinghampost.com/ Click an article and try it. Doesn't matter which. They're all the same, it just alternates between people moaning about airport parking fines and people being stabbed. What fucking world does that design make sense in? Are there people that only learnt to use Tinder and want the same swipe system everywhere?
Take a good look at that socket and see if it's 4 pin or 8 pin. It looks very wide, a lot like networking stuff, which would make sense being right by the TV. Your master socket is probably somewhere else. If they had Virgin, you might not even have one. When the guy from BT came to mine he had to fit a new cable since the old one had been snipped for some reason.
"My friend has this idea for an app..." "Does your friend have several million pounds available to advertise his app." "No." "Fuck off then."
Will you be using said bus to tour the country, solving crime with a cast of quirky characters?
Huh, so that's where it goes. Never really thought about Golden Brook being anything other than a little stream. Used to play in it where it goes under the M1, back when it was literally "all fields". I think it must be Church Wilne that's been flooding that train line recently.
I'd guess it's like that only with more tiny bags of heroin.
Not this time. I've still not got round to playing Alan Wake American Nightmare or Quantum Break...
Hell, I even prefer Eurogamer's no score system. Avoid, Nothing, Recommended, Essential. That's all I need to know. All the other systems boil down to that anyway.
We shouldn't, but we really want that juicy Brexit deal. When has common sense ever stopped us getting involved in other people's wars?
The delay on referrals seems to be almost deliberate. So you say "well fuck it then" and go private at great expense in order to have your tooth out just as it stops hurting. That way the NHS saves money and the *exact same dentist* gets a bunch of money at his plush surgery in a nice area.
It's weird because there's been a load of random army recruitment lately, and I assumed a war must be on the way. And then the US blow the fuck out of an Iranian and it all makes sense. Presumably we're a lot more complicit in this than we'd hope...
Just a wild guess, was it The Star?
He could be an Ancient Berber.
I wouldn't bother, Bill, they'll only spend it on more wars. The poor won't see any of it.
If you can do it online, it's got no place being on your average high street. That and most of the shops are shut during the evenings and even Sundays. If the only shop open outside of working hours is Tesco, guess where I'm going?
I suspect nobody even bothers to write in to these magazines, so the skeleton crew of staff spends all their time making them up, laughing at the absurdity of it, and wondering why they still have jobs.
I particularly like this one. Edit for not linking to them directly: https://web.archive.org/web/20200104040858/https://www.express.co.uk/news/royal/1223546/Queen-Elizabeth-II-news-Prince-Charles-heir-throne-Prince-William-Duke-of-Cambridge-royal Seems that if you put quote marks around bollocks you can still print it as if it were based on reality in any way.
We've ramped up the army recruiting recently, so we've known something was on the way. I strongly suspect we knew more than that. Tories don't spend money on anything unless they know they're going to need it, army included. And we want that juicy US post-Brexit deal. Fire up the Quattro, we're going to war.
You're right, here you go. https://i.imgur.com/A04LVpX.png
I liked the ones that were just a big tilted wooden disc. You'd all clamber into the middle and try and stay on while the one kid who actually *liked* running would get it up to terrifying speeds.
"Here's your receipt for your husband, and this is *my* receipt for *your* receipt."
Takes a lot of lions to take a hippo. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzVLpLwqJcU And that didn't seem a particularly healthy hippo to start with. And even then it seemed more annoyed at the car than at the lions trying to kill it.
And in the Chronicles screenshot she looks like a head in a jar from Futurama... The set of eight retro games are nice though. That's my childhood right there.
Goldeneye may have been more in line with them. But the N64 was never as popular as the PS1.
https://i.imgur.com/mJC7Z4oh.jpg
There are no reliable sources. VGChartz can only get physical sales figures from places like GfK Chart-Track. Not every store gives figures to them either. For example, I doubt Amazon does because what could they possibly get from it? There's a lot of extrapolation going on. What does Sony's 1.1 billion figure include? DLC? Fortnite? PS+ games claimed? The appalling guff that inhabits the lower reaches of every online store?
Half a pint of whisky. Half a pint of lemonade. Scotch Shandy.
I suspect the video encoding used by most streaming services and digital stations was to blame here. They've always had very blocky blacks, as they see it as unimportant detail. I wondered at the time if it would be better on a 4K (or even regular) Blu-ray, but since the whole season was complete gash I won't be bothering.
Although you might have to hide it in a bongo mag to conceal it from others.
I asked for a sausage roll and she tried to offload a sausage cob on me. This is why cobs shouldn't be called rolls!
I had it on the Amiga. I nearly failed my A-levels thanks to that game. Played it obsessively for months instead of revising. Between that and Assassin's Creed III, I don't think I learnt anything else about American history. Got enough of our own I guess.
I do wonder how much involvement he had with all those games. Suspect it was just cashing the cheques.
Land on that scale? Yes.
All I overheard in Iceland was "Farðu út úr húsi mínu." Did you know they don't lock their doors over there? Wierd.
I can see them adding the 8.2 essence drops to the new raid. I'm sure they did similar before, but can't recall when. MoP maybe?
1-6 are the series worth watching. Pretend it ends there. It's a good ending.
Even the front window is less about new games, and more about second hand mobile phones and tablets.
Last time I bought a physical PC game it still wanted the disc in the drive to be able to play it. I think the codes have a limited number of uses if they do online activation, but they're fairly good about just giving you more as long as you're not obviously taking the piss.
Not especially. It's long winded, but there's not really many shortcuts available to boost you. You can earn the currency needed for most things (and you get the daily max amount in a few minutes if you're lucky), but they have added a few things for the super addicted that you can only buy for money. If it carries on going in that direction, I'll stop playing it.
Check out Mr Optimistic over here.
Honestly thought we'd seen the last of them with the collapse of Wonga and QuickQuid. Thought they'd all moved on to Guarantor loans as a way of issuing loans to people that can't afford them...
Don't worry, I deprecate others too.
Or play for free with a better UI here... http://nandgame.com/
In 1989 Pablo Escobar blew up a plane and killed 110 people to get one person. Whenever I see somebody "accidentally" shoot down a passenger jet I always ask myself who was on board that it was worth killing over a hundred people to assassinate and make it look like a tragedy.
Reliable? You must have been running a different Windows 98 to me. I was restarting my PC several times a day. Wasn't until XP (and all the NT/2000 stuff got merged in) where it became reliable.
I can only assume she can suck a golf ball through a garden hose with the amount of roles she got. Snow White and the Huntsman would have been watchable if you just cut all her bits out of it.
Our PE teacher killed himself on the M1 after a girl finally put in a proper complaint about his wandering hands.
Someone I know (with appalling financial sense and a credit rating to match) got an expensive phone on contract then traded it in for the money, switching to a phone he already had. So that's where some of them come from.
The Liam Neeson thing was actually from a different show (Life's Too Short).
A lot of that shit is automated as well. There's the [heat changing mug](https://i.imgur.com/0fZfNMz.png) one. And the other day I was searching for an arcade joystick when a particularly cheap one caught my eye. Like $18 cheap. And it seemed to have a built in Raspberry Pi and a load of ripped off games. Turns out it was a picture of the joystick on an iPhone case. The AI is taking over, and it's utterly stupid. Don't know what that says about us...
Some years zero. Last year was somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 split between Iceland and Tenerife.
Heard pained meowing coming from upstairs once, so ran up to see if my kitty had hurt himself. No, he'd just knocked his ping pong ball under the vacuum cleaner, and couldn't get it out again. My current cat however, will knock his sister's ball under things just so she can't have it. He is a championship level arsehole, but very cute.
Well, IV mostly, but both of them are about being poor and living in a shit hole. Simultaneously making you out to be forced into crime just to survive, while your character is walking around with $100k in his pocket like it's nothing. I think the worst feature was taking all your weapons away when you got busted. III and VC at least had a bunch outside your house so you could quickly get going again. In SA you had to run around the city finding them or buying them, which was bullshit. Saints Row definitely added some convenience, like being able to get your destroyed sports cars back, and starting you off armed to the teeth. I don't want realism, I want fun.
Optical is a giant pile of shit. There, I've said it. It's able to carry PCM 2 channel, or compressed DTS/Dolby 5.1. It comes from the DVD era, and it should have stayed there. ARC isn't a lot better, but it can be used for Netflix and TV apps to output sound, and you're unlikely to notice any difference there. I had a constant issue with ARC and PS4, in that anything other than PCM 2 channel would give about half a second of audio lag. Anyway, plug the PS4 into the soundbar's HDMI In port. Plug the TV into the soundbar's HDMI Out port.
It's a good size for a TV. It's the HDR that you'll notice more than the extra pixels, especially for movies or streaming. For gaming you *might* notice the extra pixels, but more as a level of perceived sharpness. Depends on the game.
Sounds like a dodgy HDMI cable from the AVR to the TV.
And a Deathstroke fight that wasn't in a fucking tank.
Wear a grey wig and those special trousers that come up to your nipples and just pretend to be old. If anyone gets suspicious just say something vaguely racist like "that nice coloured boy".
But how will they get by without handouts from the British public, with only a net worth of about £20 million between them?
Saw one in Tenerife. I'd always assumed it was an British company, but it's Dutch, I think.
And that's why I still use Subversion.
There's only one true James Bond song. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSjkDZ2Vj24
We do have just the right climate for a lot of wind power as well. To the point where it's often our biggest source of power on any given day. [Right this second](https://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/), it's producing more than gas and coal put together.
Looks like I'm going into space.
Somebody didn't pay attention in Breath of the Wild...
I suspect we'll have to wait for a future generation of solar tech before it's useful over here. The ones we have weren't really installed as a way to cut bills, more a way for a third party to get money off the government...
It's an odd one because while it's quite short, Spidey is fairly flimsy and it's very easy to die if you take a couple of good whacks.
Yeah, not complaining though. The planet may be fucked, but at least I'm not freezing to death every morning as I walk to work.
Juggling. If you can throw a ball from one hand to the other, you can juggle.
And in what way will our regulations change so they're no longer in alignment? Or let me guess we still don't know, so actually no fucking way to prepare...
I'm going to guess at "whichever regulations our donors want us to drop".
It's what I use. Being able to edit a bunch of lines at once is a real time saver.
Mine is "Soaking in the hoisin of your lies".
It's just Vaguebooking. The answer they're after is "u ok hun?"
But one of them had a 'tache! The Daily Mail say that means all of the children are 40 year old hooks-for-hands terrorists!
What's great about Ulduar, is it doesn't just force difficulty on you. There was always something to go for, rather than the next boss just being a bitch because you didn't have the right raid comp to cheese it. I've missed Ulduar's system ever since they forced the Mythic bullshit on us. Sure, it's great for the top few hundred guilds, but there's a lot of guilds who find Heroic too easy, but get cockblocked at a certain point in Mythic. A more gradual difficulty curve would be welcome.
&gt;office angles I could make a joke here, but it might be a bit obtuse.
It's the special Crystal edition and everything!
More like the stray fat that comes off bacon.
That's what timing your employees toilet breaks does for you...
If you ever go to Iceland, have some Appelsin. It's like Tango before the sugar tax made it undrinkable. Also there's a great burger shack right in the middle of the square near the harbour. Hlollabatar.
They seem to try and spread it out through the year, so the bills don't go up massively in winter. Which although is a good idea for the kind of people who use a bank account as a 2 day buffer between their employer and a mountain of direct debits to creditors, I really would like a choice in the matter to just pay for what I've already used.
See Roger Deakins for details.
Just don't buy the DLC. It's honestly not important. It's just a glorified "expansion pack". We had those back in the day too. I can't really think of many games where the expansion is essential, like the game feels incomplete without it. Destiny perhaps, although that falls into some awkward crevasse between a single player game and an MMO. I've bought DLC for one game: The Talos Principle.
No need to hold off. The current LG OLED stuff supports all the features of HDMI 2.1 afaik. AVRs are another matter. Don't think any of the current range support any of it.
Yeah, there's no option to output audio only over HDMI.
Yet they're quite happy with the third little piggy eating a cow.
Pretty sure I set it up under the nVidia control panel. There's a Digital Audio section. I can't check right now because I moved the PC back upstairs where I only have monitors. I think Windows detects both the AVR and TV as separate audio devices with different capabilities.
The problem is the special effects dept wasn't ready for it. It looked like Martin Freeman wearing rubber feet, with dwarves in nylon beards, because that's what it was.
They also do QA and Localisation. So it's not that bad.
It really does feel like they created two games, and then sellotaped them together.
What if they're only recommending it because it secretly rots your teeth and they get paid by the filling?
Or arrive with a -300% movement speed debuff thanks to magical space worms.
Portal to Stormwind &gt; Portal to Jade Forest &gt; Flightpoint to Mistfall Village &gt; Watch it get most of the fucking way there, before inexplicably turning back towards Shrine of Seven Stars and *then* going to Mistfall Village.
That and MS spent the first few years cancelling and delaying exclusives left, right, and centre. Fable Legends? Scalebound? Both gone. Crackdown 3 didn't launch for years after it was supposed to. A workmate put up some free Xbox calendar he'd got, and around half of the pictured games failed to come out during the year. There was a whole load of bad decisions MS made that hobbled them for the generation. The "used game blocking" controversy that was eventually canned. Bundling Kinect and inflating the price. Being unable to run most games at 1080p. Lack of system-selling exclusives.
And some more books to lift the TV higher.
But won't anyone think of Kraft's poor shareholders? Tuck in, fatty.
World of Warcraft moved to a map based system years ago. I kind of missed the old way, where it would tell you to go to the camp to the north, or a cave south east of the watchtower, but when they launched Classic I thought I'd give it a go again. Most of the quests didn't give you nearly enough information, and unless you fully explored every inch of a town, you'd miss quests from some guy in a side room off a basement of an inn you might not ever go in. There was a reason websites like Thottbot existed. I ended up downloading an add on that put all the quest markers back, just like current WoW.
Not hard at all. Just incredibly expensive.
Well no shit. We still don't know what Brexit actually entails, what "preparing for it" means, and in what way the regulations will "[no longer be in alignment](https://www.politico.eu/article/no-alignment-with-eu-rules-after-brexit-says-uk-chancellor-sajid-javid/)". And it's on Friday. What a fucking shambles from start to finish.
Nonsense. Scampi Fries. Marmite. Strong cheddar. Greggs sausage rolls. There's load of great things.
I thought Mr Jolly had killed him back in 1988.
Rimmer: Billy Doyle. Well, that's a name that came from the wrong side of the tracks, isn't it? You can see it all now: a youth spent in and out of corrective institutions. A string of illegitimate children. The wife will be all white shoes, no tights, and blotchy legs. Has to take up petty crime to cover the court orders for maintenance. Before he knows it he's standing in a bank with a sawn-off shotgun. Somehow it goes off. An old lady gets both barrels through a crocheted bobble hat. All he can do is hide. But where? And then it hits him - with all his ill-gotten gains he can buy four years in a computer game and wait until the heat's off. So ends the Ballad of Billy "Granny Killer" Doyle. Lister: It's yours.
I can only assume it's a combination of resolution, frame rate and HDR that is unsupported by the AVR for OSD but it's happy to pass it through.
Wow, Reddit was properly fucked earlier ...
Romans, Vikings, Tudors, WWII. Maybe French Revolution, if we're feeling exotic. We can fill in any gaps with Blackadder.
Weren't a lot of the graphics for this remaster taken from fan made things anyway?
What a shitty generic name for Frosties.
And by "different" we mean "none".
All the Bioshock games had pretty shitty gunplay. There's a reason you get infinite resurrections with no penalty.
PSVR Doom is such a fucking mess. There's like three ways of controlling it and they're all terrible in different ways.
Even in 1991 it was £2 for a pack of 20 in the UK. The one kid with the wispy moustache would buy them and sell them in the playground for 20p each.
You think that's bad you should see the cinema.
She looked damn good in Stardust. Can turn me into a newt any day.
Quietest launch I've ever seen. I played WoW yesterday and the launcher said nothing as far as I could see. The main "news" is 30% off running an SQL statement.
Should have trained him to shit in the tunnel. Who would even know?
Robinson's too. Tastes like battery acid. Vimto is the only drinkable one left.
Because their figures aren't great either. They're at about 10-15% of the smartphone market. It's pretty good for one company, and they make a killing on each one sold by concentrating on high end phones, but if you start comparing them to Android as a whole they'll look bad. Huawei probably make as many phones as Apple, and Samsung blow them *all* out of the water. It's just nowhere near as much profit per unit, and that's not really something Apple would want to boast about to consumers. Save it for the shareholder meetings.
Even in heroic, we have people not understanding it. First tank puts 4 markers down. The second tank says which one it is. You kill it. Every time, somebody in the first tank's group shouts out the name of a marker they can see. Of course you can see it. You can see all the markers. Nobody is asking you, dickhead!
I mean, it's not like there's a queue.
Greed. The combination of shareholder expectations along with spiralling AAA development and marketing costs has proved to be an unmitigated disaster for the gaming industry as a whole. These companies are here to make money and the games are merely a side product. There are plenty of people who still make the products that long-time gamers want. I advise you go and buy things from them instead. I've spent the last few weeks playing Untitled Goose Game, Celeste, The Outer Wilds and Horace.
What I mean is the money is the ends and the games are the means. They're not making this for the love of gaming. It's purely a product to make as much money as possible. You can say this about a lot of industries of course, but gaming over the last few years has visibly changed from an old model of "people make a game and need somebody to publish and market it" to "publisher forces certain types of monetisation on developers to the detriment of the games".
Closest I can get you is *Sightseers* or *This is England*. But delivered with all the tone and clarity of Karl Johnson in Hot Fuzz. And after about 8 pints (or 3pm) it's more like David Bradley in the same film.
It's certainly more readable than regular Java...
No, the mumbling is five decades of alcohol damage. He used to be a window cleaner. I've no idea how.
And by "return fire", we mean "open fire".
Fox's are compete twats for this. Their assorted chocolate biscuit selection I got for Christmas was a complete con. There was one or two of each biscuit with a little plastic riser under each one. 90% air and plastic.
Specifically the bits within the Brumline.
Do you want cursed? Because this is how you get cursed.
Thankfully it's back to normal now.
Well, you don't get to be the world's richest man by being a decent human being.
This is where the argument for cloud gaming is strongest. Just software included with cheap TVs, tablets and phones. Just need a cheap controller and you're away. MS and Sony should be falling over themselves to get third party Madcatz-esque shitty $10 pads all over, because they'll rake it in on the subscriptions. Google Stadia and only being available in a package that cost as much as a console, with games as an extra purchase on top? That was *never* going to work.
How are you doing the audio, btw?
https://i.imgur.com/R1fdEt3.gif And yes, exact same price as it was on other platforms. THAT'S THE PROBLEM. I'm not buying a game to only be allowed to play it on somebody else's computer.
And look at the amount of new builds built on flood plains and mining areas. Neither of which you're likely to find out about until you're knee deep in shit or half your garden is about 20 feet down from where it should be.
When I was looking for a house like 15 years ago, I went to one that if you put a bed in it, you wouldn't be able to shut the door. It was literally wide enough for a single bed, and had a tiny alcove at one end, presumably for gathering all your sadness in one place. When I asked the owner why it was listed as a bedroom, he just went "fucking estate agents innit?" which I figure sums up the whole industry.
Damn right. How you going to maintain those Patrick Stewart looks into your 70s with a wrinkly head?
I'm not sure it's the demonstrations he's glad to be avoiding, but the police murder rate. https://i.imgur.com/rBtQxxe.jpg Life as usual is not really a good thing in the face of that.
If there aren't consequences for kneeling on a black guy's neck for nine minutes, what hope is there for enforcing name badge rules?
I think their owners do own the rights to it now. Although it was like two years ago the last time I saw that mentioned. Sadly multiplayer shooters that are purely for fun seem to be dead. All embroiled in microtransaction lootbox shitfests. Money ruined everything.
If somebody is happy to pay somebody to do something that can easily be automated, they deserve to be taken for a ride. Hope he takes his automation software with him so he can sell it back to them at an astronomical rate.
I can't imagine ever caring about mediocre food so much as to sit in a half hour queue for it. McD's is what you get when you want something greasy but can't be bothered to cook anything when you get home. How have these people not starved over the last few months if fucking MaccieD's is what they look forward to?
Didn't we have a thread about Total Recall last week? I look forward to next week's Robocop thread.
That looks like something from Bayonetta.
DLC as one off purchases is fine. Used to be called "expansion packs". DLC as a random item in a box or "fun bucks" can really just fuck off. If you want to make shitty mobile games for gambling addicts, then at least have the decency to make it free so I know to avoid it.
Well he was one of them. Worth pulling his statue down just for that.
Exactly. Fish it out, pop it in a museum, maybe on it's side or in a big fish tank. Stick a video of it being torn down alongside it.
Happening though isn't it. GAME have reopened. McDonalds. Schools. It's not "safe". It will never be "safe". But money makes the world go around, so it's opening all the same. Like it or not, in the absence of a vaccine, herd immunity is the way out. Slow infection of the population, try not to overwhelm the hospitals, people will still die, but hopefully not as many as just letting it run rampant.
We'll just decree the laws of mathematics to no longer work. That'll give us access to all that data, right?
I'd imagine they bought it in good faith and used it, so wouldn't be liable for anything. It's on Shutterstock to do the checking.
I think most of the overheating stuff comes from the limit on video length. Which is actually down to file size limits on FAT SD cards (2-4GB iirc), and EU duty laws that mean anything that can record for more than a certain amount of time is a video camera and is taxed more.
There's a handful of gems in there, but most of those games are similar in quality to the Flash stuff people used to throw up on Newgrounds. Nobody was buying them anyway. Chances are people buying this will never play more than a handful of them. The headline is what they were after here. And if it makes money for charity, then it did its job.
Boycott as in not go? Sure, I wasn't going anyway. Boycott as in not watch a bunch of free to view football matches? Good luck with that. FIFA are corrupt as anything, but they're right in that most people won't care if they can watch their country play football.
Meaning of Life is extremely abstract, and honestly a lot of it falls flat. A couple of sketches are just awkward. They linger on a bit too long, and everyone can see they're not working, and then they shuffle off after realising that nobody was listening to them.
Remember when Monks weren't going to have an auto attack and then they added it back in because they have no idea how to make the game work without it?
Celeste. A Short Hike. Octodad. Nuclear Throne. Stuff like that. Older titles that have been in many bundles or even free before now.
"Amazon, what's the cheapest graphics card?" "Here's a £0.01 PCI-E extension cable with £6.99 of shipping."
UK law seems to cover it. http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2013/3134/regulation/34/made (2) The trader must reimburse any payment for delivery received from the consumer, unless the consumer expressly chose a kind of delivery costing more than the least expensive common and generally acceptable kind of delivery offered by the trader. (3) In that case, the trader must reimburse any payment for delivery received from the consumer up to the amount the consumer would have paid if the consumer had chosen the least expensive common and generally acceptable kind of delivery offered by the trader.
Now you're thinking with portals.
This'll be why the original is coming to PC. To generate interest in this. The original has fantastic world building, story and gameplay. And Lance Reddick. Lance makes everything better.
That's what I got from it as well. Those abstract rifts are the loading screens.
Sorry, there's only room for one "nine" joke in Uldum. https://www.wowhead.com/quest=27950/gobbles
Glyph of the Pacifist. Hides your moonkin form when not engaged in PvP combat. Blizz employ me pls.
Fucking hell, they'll be stopping the playing of Dueling Banjos before every race next.
Still got fucking godawful voice acting though.
Almost worth it for the 30% bonus XP.
But we get used to it almost immediately. Video always stands out like a sore thumb. Pre-rendered is often different framerate, lower resolution, different assets, blurry and when you want to remaster it in a couple of years time, you'd better hope you kept all that original data lying about so they can re-render it at 8K HDR16. Right now we're being wowed by fancy lighting, but a year in and we'll already be seeing the joins and wires that hold it together.
&gt; I think that’s the thing with this presentation. A lot of what your mind tells you is cinematic could be gameplay now, we have reached that point graphically. Reading that, you were implying that gameplay has reached the level of quality of pre-rendered video. But now you say the opposite, that cutscenes have instead switch to the same graphical level as gameplay? There's still a lot of pre-rendered cutscenes doing the rounds. e.g. Ratchet and Clank with it's sudden jarring switches to bits from the movie. Blizzard are a developer that still loves them. It all depends what was easiest for the team to work with, and what your staff are most comfortable using. I expect the next gen will also see a mix of the two styles.
I used to hate them as well, but then I played Bloodborne. Try to split your runs into various types. Learning runs. Your intention is to master enemy types. Don't worry about dying here. You have nothing to lose. Learn the enemies, their attacks, those annoying ones that jump out of nowhere to ambush you. Farming runs. Kill a bunch of enemies, gather enough souls/XP to level. Stick within the part you've mastered, so if you do die, you'll probably be able to get your souls back. When you've got enough, spend them on what you were saving for. Progress runs. Get as far as you can, you can probably unlock a shortcut with this type of run. Shortcuts are everywhere, and can often provide a way to the boss without having to do the whole area each time. Boss runs. Run past as much as you can. Get to the boss room. You're learning and eventually killing it. You'll probably die a lot doing this, so don't worry about losing souls or killing anything that won't follow you. If something is optional, it's OK to go back later. Some bosses are ridiculously hard for where they are. Once you get over the initial unforgiving nature, it's quite fun. Just don't go wandering around with a few upgrades worth of souls on you, into unknown areas.
Why aren't you just going PS4 to AVR via HDMI, and from AVR to the TV? How sure are you that it was working fine before? My experience of PS4 surround sound is that the best method is PCM 7.1, but you can't pass that via optical, only HDMI. Trying it over optical will result in stereo only. You also can't pass that via ARC, it will downgrade to stereo. The Dolby/DTS Bitstream options did output 5.1 via ARC, but were so laggy as to be useless. I also tried it via optical and got the same lag. Optical and ARC will not carry more than 2 channels of uncompressed audio. They are relics of the DVD era. ARC is used mainly for getting audio from your smart apps on the TV back to the AVR, because the likes of Netflix use heavily compressed audio anyway.
I think you're due an upgrade. I had to upgrade my old Logitech system when the Wii U didn't come with optical at all. If you can put up with it for a bit longer, the HDMI 2.1 AVRs will be out by the time the PS5 arrives. How sure are you that it was working before? Because I thought mine was working as well, until I actually listened out for it.
Sounds like a great way to commit identity theft. 1. Advertise a cheap flat. You don't actually need to own it. 2. Ask for details. 3. Keep asking. 4. Use them.
Who tries to steal a shitty little monitor?
Don't allow phasing until you're out of combat.
Nobody here seems to have mentioned Mr Jolly Lives Next Door. Shame on all of you!
Burn it up and get a nice smokey smell in here and let that smoke go into the sky where it turns into stars.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt5532370/?ref_=ttnw_hd
The first ten minutes or so are great. It quickly goes downhill once it starts being about a kid. Bumblebee is an infinitely better Transformers movie, and I'm honestly annoyed they didn't just make that one to start with. Now anyone I tell to watch it refuses because they've seen Michael Bay poisoning the Transformers well for the last decade.
Wait for the housing market crash they seem to have predicted, and wait it out. You don't want to slap all that money only down only for the price to drop by 10%+. They don't want that either, and they certainly don't want you running away from the negative equity that results.
Given that my mortgage adviser pointed at a &gt; before going "is that more than or less than, I never can remember", that might be a surprisingly accurate acronym... I then spent ten minutes removing 50 duplicate printers from his laptop so he could print something. If you want a career in this area, the bar is pretty low.
Crash Team Racing? Although frankly that game was already broken long before the DLC came out.
Yeah, but he's got dementia.
Half the time it sounds more like they were trying to remind us that these things exist. Just to boast about something we've done for years it without actually having to do anything extra.
We don't always debate petitions, but when we do, the answer is "fuck off plebs".
C&amp;A didn't go under. I saw one in Tenerife. They just left the UK. They're Belgian I think...
How's the kangaroo going to explain to his mates what happened? "This no-pouch cunt straight up kicked me with his hands..."
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3BO6GP9NMY&amp;t=170
He could have been on a council gritter by now, if only he wasn't such a big nonce. Let that be a lesson to them.
On CPU rather than with any 3D accelerator hardware. I mean, technically Doom is a 3D engine (apart from all the sprites, but we still use sprites for shortcuts even now). It just turns out you can take a *lot* of shortcuts if you can't look up and down and make assumptions about vertical lines always being vertical.
I reckon the argument will really break out when the item design team forget Titan's Grip exists, add a 2H weapon with an amazing proc, warriors obviously equip two of them and go top damage for three weeks, then inevitably get nerfed so only one of them can proc.
And a better world. A map with so many icons you don't even know where to begin is no comparison to BotW's exploration. Zelda with it's scanner is still the absolute gold standard in this regard.
Reminds me of the Blackadder bit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY41eD4lS28&amp;t=67
Poor fucker's trying to cure his depression, not make it worse...
You need some way of connecting a controller. Not all TVs are going to support that.
At the very worst you can go in and yell at people.
It's a very bright monitor, I'll give it that. Either that or my old one is close to death. Turn that shit down or adjust the colour settings on your PC. You can also get eye strain glasses I think, for a more low tech solution.
How many bands send out demos and how many actually end up making money from it, or have somebody notice it? They've got to try, but the odds have got to be astronomically low of being the next Nirvana or even the next Nickleback...
Depends on the type. Thick pancakes, yes. Thin ones, no. That's more for lemon juice and sugar.
"If it wasn't safe, they wouldn't be open" Which sadly only works if the government don't want people to die. Even the UK government shut all the restaurants, and they *hate* the poor.
What the fuck does that even mean?
I went to school with the unfortunately named Richard Dick.
Well the ones at the top of that chart do. UK Christians don't really bother. There's also the matter of them often living in larger family groups iirc. Much like Italy, those groups are likely to have several generations in the same house, meaning more elderly infections.
It's more than that now. The SSD is going to be a big factor and allows more than just slightly faster loading times. See that Ratchet and Clank trailer. There's no way to have an option for that kind of thing (although I do fail to see how FIFA of all things will be pushing that). And the raytracing as a standard means they don't have to implement all the old tricks at all... Like the engine just flat out not supporting shadows or screen space reflections any more. This could get messy. Like "needing two completely different PC versions" messy.
Can you keep him please? We've had quite enough of the frog faced cunt.
The UK is a good market for tracking game sales because our stores are nearly always cheaper than buying digital.
I used to live near Bishopdale Close, and that's about a hundred miles from Bishopdale. Check and mate.
Or an animation studio.
Ah, NASCAR. Truly the *Duelling Banjos* of motorsport.
Good luck with the Discless edition. Most places that sell consoles also sell the games. They just won't order any of the cheaper machine. Plus, I would rather pay extra and be able to actually own the games and be able to trade them to others if I want. This is a fundamental right of ownership. I only buy digital if it's an enormous saving. And it very often isn't. Also I need a 4K BR player and having it in a machine I'm probably going to buy anyway seems like a no-brainer. Providing they don't do anything daft, like refuse to pay licencing money for Dolby Vision. Like MS did with the Xbox...
They'll be cutting off their revenue as well, although it's probably a fraction of what Amazon do so they won't care. Honestly hope it fails miserably, just so they stop with this shit. License transfers of digital goods should be enshrined in law. That is the dream, not being locked in to PSN where everything is at Nintendo prices.
It's nothing to do with the download sizes. It's the fact that the copy is locked to me only. I can't trade it in. I can't sell it. In fact I can't buy from *anyone* other than PSN. Meanwhile, single player games work just fine with no servers. Even Demon's Souls on PS3 will still work. Also, you might want to look into what happens to your game collection if you have an incident of fraud on your PSN account. Hint: It's not great.
At least they're passing on the savings.
I don't think that one has a laugh track.
A whole 5%? Who would even move into those 2% of poor homes?
Here's the German one for comparison. https://github.com/corona-warn-app
Not sure I like the idea of Tesco food being somehow lower quality than it already is. I'm having to buy most of my fruit and meat from M&amp;S at the best of times.
I don't remember arguing that you could do it in Legion either. If anything that was even worse, although they did later make Artifact Knowledge a fixed buff for all rather than having to do it manually. Both expansions have been pretty horrendous experiences for alts and BFA seems to actively punish late newcomers for having the audacity to not be subscribed for the last two years.
I don't think the problem is the voice acting. The writing is dry as a fucking desert though. I listened to the one about Ocelet being called Shalashaska or something, and I never listened to another after that.
Maybe a 13 year old Vectra is past some magical insurer's tipping point where they start falling apart. It's not like they tell you how they calculate it.
I particularly like that the scene ends up with him laughing off his demand for name and rank, and was doing it just to shit him up. But at the end of the film, who's that steaming open envelopes in the basement? Our little stand-up comedian friend.
It even flashes up pictures of people who aren't a match, just to let you know it's working.
What they look for is bad debt and patterns of irresponsible borrowing, but also the ability to pay the mortgage with your income. That last bit isn't included in any credit score. "Credit score" is a trick to make you buy something from a credit checking agency.
"What's your x that nobody has heard?" of is such a terrible question for reddit. Inevitably people upvote films they *have* heard of, so the top of the list is always stuff like Moon. Reddit is a millennial popularity tracker. It's not useful for much else.
Or just get a new apprentice.
Well those guys should just go back to Nativia where they came from!
Bloody integer overflow errors. I blame Gandhi.
The Loch Ness Monster brings about £40m a year to the Scottish economy. It's not about science.
It's buggy as fuck, that's why. Edit: OK, enjoy having the camera flip 90 degrees so you can't see what you're doing or where you're going (super useful in a Sonic game), and random crashes if you use anything other than the standard Xbox 360 controller. The PC version of this is a fucking abortion and you should avoid it.
Looks like Face Masks are back on the menu, boys!
Man, that game got so much hate from people who wanted it to be Myst.
This shit is lethal in the wrong hands. All it takes is one dipstick in a police department to upload that blurry CCTV photo, and suddenly you're looking for the wrong guy. But it can't be the wrong guy, you have his photo right there!
Maybe they're no longer expecting such a big drop in the housing market. The coronavirus panic is over, even if the threat is not. That means back to work, chummy. Don't you know there are millionaires out there that need a bit more money?
No, at least you can speed those up by pulling more. This quest has taken the exact same amount of time through the whole expansion.
It's called doing their job.
I think it's on PS4 as well. You must really have a potato. :( Not sure if it runs through GeForce Now or one of the other cloud services. I know a guy at work was using Shadow to play things.
I'm struggling to see how that can be on par with these in terms of success. No brand recognition.
You are a small business owner. Do you: (a) Let your employees stay at home, and pay out of your own dwindling resources for a chunk of their wages. (b) Allow your business to fold. (c) Say "right, back to work lads". There may be the odd plastic screen thrown up, or a box of cheap rubber gloves and paper facemasks left in the staffroom, but have no illusions - when the government stops paying, businesses are reopening in full.
What did they even sell? They only have the MS Surface, and it don't take much store space to showcase that... There's Xbox, but who would go to the MS store to buy a console they can buy anywhere? I suppose they could dig out some old Zunes...
Whatever. I'll be dead.
Or just accept AC is not your thing, like I did. Played one on the DS, couldn't see the point. Stardew Valley was far more entertaining. There's still no "end goal", but it's more gamey.
No, Bumblebee is genuinely good. It's all the Michael Bay shit that sucks.
It's alright. It'll be hot again soon, and you'll realise that the fan does fuck all and you'll be back to chucking talc down your pants every hour.
Shadows was a tricky fight as well. Once I killed that one I sailed through the rest, apart from Martyr Logarius who also had a pretty bad run back.
The only winning move is not to play.
Finding the rare wasn't too bad when the zone was current, because there would be people putting it in the group finder. Good luck with that now, because the only people in Nazjatar are multiboxers and botters farming for herbs.
This generation's loading times are why SSDs are the best next gen feature. I'm pleasantly surprised by The Last of Us 2's load times though. They've at least been smart about the limitations of current systems.
Kill enough people with Coronavirus, and you don't need new houses.
I know, right. It's all so disappointingly small-time, given the pocket depth of the people involved. We need more Clay Davis types.
Remember when gaming "journalists" saw that The Witness was a puzzle game in an island and told everyone it was a spiritual successor to Myst. A game it was absolutely *nothing* like. Pepperidge Farm remembers.
