Do you play BFV?
Indeed, I would like to see how it plays out? Why didn't you get it? Planning to get it later?
My bad ;)
Which stats aren't decent?
No one's talking about 3D spotting.
This guy in my calculus class
Dude... speak English.
TTK is one of the slowest of any Battlefield
Thank you!
Random question... Did you draw your profile picture? ...And do you ever sleep? :O
WW1 veteran taking part in WW2 brought his
It doesn't run on Linux though. It runs on a FreeBSD fork.
Like the BF1 apocalypse update?
It's almost as if he had to salvage a Frankenstein game.
I loved the concept of Tempus Finis.
Claims the person who calls me a terrible player with 6% shot accuracy ***on PC***.
Lmao, the person with the boring life is the one who insults another for finding joy in getting a platinum. You probably write with ballpoint pens.
Got stats to back that up?
They do
reddit in a nutshell
MP40 had 330ms TTK prepatch. STG had 400ms TTK prepatch. Yes, STG got a buff but you're ignoring the SMG's quicker ADS time as well as better hip fire spread.
And? "EA Bad"
Muh teamwork /s
I doubt that the code was transferrable and even if it were, there would be very little reason to transfer code as most of the code needed would already have been written.
Yes it is
My purole waterman ink sometimes turns green too.
I'd rather have a good game that's unplayable for a while than a buggy but playable game that's fundamentally bad and riddled with bad game design... making bit forever unplayable. TFW, Reddit was more concerned about women being in the game than actual good game design.
There's nothing fun about repeatedly dying to campers that you can't see... Maybe people wouldn't be "crying" if they found the game to be very enjoyable.
And assault destroys vehicles and wrecks infantry. Support bypasses ammo attrition and gets shotguns, LMGs and MMGs...
https://youtu.be/4m32pCjSmas
Guns are at min spread by the 5th bullet
My phone is more powerful than the Switch.
Meh, it's not cold at all indoors.
The best pilot is a dead pilot.
Band?
Too bad they're no longer good
New Obscura was slightly meh too.
Damn, sounds like I screwed by the RNG. I guess I'll need to breed another Litten through trading to get a stronger one?
Pilot V5
Not any different from BF1 in 1v1...
No they won't, it's not hard-coded.
&gt;Deal with a bunch of dicks often enough and eventually you become a dick yourself. Lolwut? This is a business here, be a dick if you want... It's not my business that sales are down...
SIPS makes the Webley so bad in this game along with the damage drop off.
Would it damage the pen?
Post your Battlefield stats, let's see your understanding of the game and its mechanics.
Just because I'm posting in a Post-Hardcore sub doesn't mean it's a thriving genre where it's bands aren't all leaving.
Lmao, one of my best games was on this map with the MP40. [https://imgur.com/a/zceVGz1](https://imgur.com/a/zceVGz1)
Vertical recoil is easier to control than horizontal recoil. You can pull your mouse down to counter vertical recoil but you can't fling your mouth left and right to counter horizontal recoil as it's a lot more random. The MP40 has much better ranged accuracy than the Sten. If you want range, use the MP40. It actually has very good range due to low recoil but it's damage drop off will means each bullet would do less damage than an assault rifle which actually has more recoil than the MP40. You can easily do well on large maps and at range with the MP40 with good positioning skills and knowing how to utilize it at range. You can get kills out to 100m very easily.
Yeah but that's besides the point. We know that you could see people just fine in BF1 Hardcore. Spotting is not the issue with BFV. You still need to see someone before you can spot them.
Battlefield isn't a yearly franchise...
I'm not, you're just not very smart or could be bothered to do your own homework. You need me spoon feed you information that is freely available online despite me already telling you exactly where you could get this information... yet you call me full of shit. Get a working brain, idiot. Even the core game designer hates some mechanics in this game, lmao. I also checked your stats https://battlefieldtracker.com/bf1/profile/psn/corpjiri With those stats, you clearly have no idea about anything relating this game's mechanics or meta that I was right now to explain anything to you as it would be pointless...
Lol, you don't have to defend your stats. It's just a game buddy, like you said, play for fun.
Lamy All Star. Pilot MR
It's single player that is tacked on.
I don't have to justify my preferences on the internet.
Assault is not an overperforming jack of all trades. They are constantly bested by medic at close range. My support and recon at long range and by support and far mid-range.
Git gud https://i.imgur.com/D3vhdmSh.jpg https://i.imgur.com/n6SJLmnh.jpg
This is one of those git gud moments. Trees is a lot of cover.
Just because they could've doesn't mean they did. There was no huge marketing push behind the digital rereleases of RBY and furthermore, it's still the game as the original and not completely new games like Let's Go Pikachu and Even with a completely different game design philosophy aimed at capturing a younger, more casual audience.
It actually has one of the slowest TTKs of any Battlefield game and it's just slightly faster than Battlefield 1 after TTK 2.0
Well, the tanks in BF1 were OP so....
Yet Arkham Knight ran like trash on PC compared to PS4. https://youtu.be/_BcV6LWVDaw
Not by much and it's worse in some ways.
Random compared to which Battlefield?
Reddit? Lmao Definitely the Symthic guys, not this place.
Weapons can be balanced around ADS time.
I noticed that too. Probably because it's awful. Aerodrome and Hamada are the only maps that will make me quit a server.
Casualfield V
It's not a stretch, they say it in the post linked above though not in those exact words. They said that new players are dying quickly and not logging in rather than learning to git gud so they're changing TTK for them. The change is absolutely causal. It's worse than Battlefield 1's original TTK which was changed earlier this year because many players felt that it was too slow. The TTK is already high and making it higher just makes gunplay feel weird and makes it difficult to engage multiple targets which you do a lot of in Battlefield, a 64 player game.
Just because you give feedback doesn't mean it's not a full rollout. You can do a full rollout and still accept feedback which is what they're doing. If it were a test, it would only be available through a small selection of servers but that isn't the case here...
They said it themselves and we have played Battlefield with high TTK, we know exactly how it feels so yes, there's nothing to test. This is worse than BF1's original TTK which was largely detested. High TTK doesn't work well with the mechanics and game design of Battlefield.
Why don't you head over to /r/BattlefieldV and ask why high TTK doesn't work with Battlefield?
What is the point that you are trying to make?
You could get headshots with the old TTK..
After false marketing, yes
Lmao, DICE is completely incompetent...
Maybe because not everyone's a scrub like you?
You're right, the values are wrong. I stand corrected. Ribbeyrolls does 24 DMG at 15m.
They're the same thing.
SMGs and ARs perform more differently from SLRs and semi autos. The mechanics being discussed between the two are same. The fundamental difference between them is that SLRs have higher damage and slower rate of fire while having the very same mechanics and this difference is completely irrelevant to the scope of this video. They're the same weapons, there is just a minute difference that isn't relevant to this video, get over it and the YouTuber discusses both types of weapons.
Thanks for confirming. You want a casual game that is heavily limiting to a skilled player's ability to influence the outcome of an engagement. Have a good day.
None of these things are fine but okay.
Why?
Maps are in-engine though.
But you can still play the old TTK...
Then I agree. Sad that EA got your money before doing this.
You could get minimum spread with 0 loss in DPS outside damage dropoff through proper microbursting... assuming that you're aiming at center mass. There's still FSRM but that's in BFV too.
Also the fact that BF3, BF4 and Hardline all had lower TTK than BFV...and BF3 was incredibly successful. http://symthic.com/bf3-ttk-charts
Most of the devs that interact with the community have little clout in the overall game, even the game designers. At the end of the day, it's still a team effort and there are also people higher up the hierarchy than most of the devs and these people call the shots. Drunkkz3 isn't responsible for this but he's getting the flack for most of it as they believe that he completely controls the gameplay direction. Likewise, I'm sure that Dan Mitre wasn't lying... he just doesn't call the shots, he's just the community manager but he and guys like DrunkkZ3 get caught in the crossfire. Dan Mitre has no input whatsoever or at least very minimal input on game design. Many of the good things in BFV are ideas from Drunkkz3, most of the dumb things ruining this game are from other people. If you want to be heard, just don't play the game or at least only do Conquest Core but preferably, don't play the game at all... $$$ is the only thing the suits listen to.
Because its TTK OP to begin with. Hillhump for no SIPS, barely any recoil and super low TTK.
I like it too.
It's nearly half price and almost the same price as WWII.
I don't play Battlefield for immersion. If I wanted immersion, I would play an open world RPG.
Counter Strike has no time to kill and no bullets to kill values? Bullet values are given distances don't account for a many other variables like rate of fire and in effective TTK (as opposed to theoretical), spread, recoil, etc.
Thanks you very much! That sounds super interesting. I hope to learn the mechanics of your game. I just figured time to kill would be more transparent and readily layed out like in the Battlefield community. http://symthic.com/bf4-ttk-btk-charts?assault=1
K/D does matter
Fountain pen
Whoever designed Hamada and Aerodrome should reconsider their career decisions.
I would Galicia for Aerodrome...even Suez.
Once again, 150ms does not account for ADS, recoil, spread and that most people have a shit accuracy below 30%. It's embarassing that you think 400ms is a good TTK at point blank.
DICE: "Both"
"What is this spread?!!?" https://youtu.be/n4RUjQ71QZg SLR gunplay is so bad in this game. No horizontal recoil or SIPS. Just move mouse downwards and mag dump...
But Support isn't overpowered with access to LMGs, MMGs and shotguns in a game with attrition and the worst visibility I've ever seen in any game?
There is still spread.
The TTK is higher than BF4, BF3 and Hardline. What are you saying?
Hardline is better than this game
BF1 had lots of recoil and the only spread model that encouraged spamming in BF1 were the LMGs with negative spread. LMGs were given negative spread to allow them to be good at range without them being inferior assault rifles. Now that it was removed from BFV, assault rifles are now inferior LMGs as LMGs have little recoil and little spread. You have no idea what you're talking about. BFV spread is so low that spamming is viable in this game. In fact, semi auto guns in BFV have no spread increase and no horizontal recoil so spamming is exactly how you're supposed to play them. And to add to my last comment, BF1 did encourage controling spread. It has lower spread decrease per second than other games and the introduction of a first shot spread multiplier to encourage people to use bursting patterns based on distance to get the most optimal spread for engaging at distance. You want to know a game that doesn't require you to control spread? BFV, spread is so low in game that you might as well ignore it.
No, what bowl are you smoking?
The fact that this game isn't tactical is exactly why camo doesn't work.
Just because you haven't seen a dev say that doesn't mean that there isn't a dev who dislikes it. &gt;How fucking dull are you that you cant look down and see you have one clip and go get more ammo. Nice strawman, that's not the point. It's pretty clear that you're too casual to even see when a game is casual.
I'm at horizontal 90
Spread decrease, recoil decrease
&gt;There is like two guns in the entire game the require you to control recoil to be effective with them, the non-storm automatico and the russian lmg. The automatico factory has vertical recoil of 0.42 and horizontal recoil of 0.42. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Automatico\_M1918\_Factory](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Automatico_M1918_Factory) RSC SMG has a vertical recoil of 0.74 and vertical recoil of 0.72 and horizontal recoil of 0.4. More than your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=RSC\_SMG\_Factory](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=RSC_SMG_Factory) Hellriegel Defensive has a vertical recoil of 0.48 and horizontal recoil of 0.475. More than your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Hellriegel\_1915\_Defensive](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Hellriegel_1915_Defensive) Machinepistole Storm has a vertical recoil of 0.63 and horizontal recoil of 0.48. More than your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Maschinenpistole\_M1912](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Maschinenpistole_M1912) Ribbeyrolls Optical has vertical recoil of 0.5, a horizontal recoil of 0.33. Higher VRec than your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Ribeyrolles\_1918\_Factory](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Ribeyrolles_1918_Factory) Thompson has a vertical recoil of 0.55 and horizontal recoil of 0.45, more than your automatico.[http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=M1919\_SMG](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=M1919_SMG) SMG 08/18 has 0.47 degrees of vertical recoil, 0.6 degrees of horizontal recoil. More than your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=SMG\_08-18\_Factory](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=SMG_08-18_Factory) Parrabellum had a vertical recoil of 0.38 and a horizontal recoil of 0.8, twice as much horizontal recoil as your automatico... [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Parabellum\_MG14\_Low\_Weight](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=Parabellum_MG14_Low_Weight) lMG 08/18 has a vertical recoil of 0.42 and horizontal recoil of 0.575. More than the automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=IMG\_08-18\_Low\_Weight](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=IMG_08-18_Low_Weight) BAR M1918A2 has a vertical recoil of 0.8 and horizontal recoil of 0.02, twice as much VREC as your automatico. [http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=BAR\_M1918A2](http://symthic.com/bf1-weapon-info?w=BAR_M1918A2) I have no idea what you mean by Russian LMG. Wanna know how much recoil BFV guns have? M1907 has vertical recoil of 0.68 and horizontal recoil 0.2. KE7 has a base vertical recoil of 0.65. Horizontal recoil of 0.225 A vertical recoil increase per shot values of -0.038... yes, that is a negative values because LMGs lose vertical recoil with sustained fire. One of those game mechanics that encourages that spamming you hate so much. Sturmgewehr1-5 has a vertical recoil of 0.75 and horizontal recoil of 0.275 degrees. Not a lot of recoil. It's also worth noting that these are base stats and BFV has specialization that allow you to recoil even more... Source: [http://bfdata.juhala.io/pages/](http://bfdata.juhala.io/pages/) Oh and BFV SLRs and semi-autos have literally 0.0 degrees of horizontal recoil, their recoil is entire is entirely vertical and is stupid and casual af. Not even going to bother posting exact vertical recoil values. &gt;Those are the very reasons why bursting and tap firing is useless in BF1. If you were burst firing in BF1 you already fucked up. Wanna know the most effective way to play with BF1 weapons? Mag dump inside weapons effective range, don't engage outside of it. If you are engaged upon outside of your effective range and have no choice but to shoot back? Mag dump anyway because then you have higher change killing the dude as bursting takes too long if you want it to have any real effect on your accuracy. It is very rare that burst firing would be your best option. Basically only if you are the one engaging and want to conserve ammo. So patently false. First of all, tap firing is already dumb in BFV as BFV also has the first shot spread multiplier as well the 5rb meta which means only an idiot would microburst in this game. Secondly, bursting is not useless in BFV. BFV made it so that you had to very your burst length based on distance unlike other games where there is only way to shoot a gun. Magdumping is ridiculous because you can't hit anything to recoil penalties and high spread, what a dumb thing to say. &gt;So instead, of seeing your bullets disperse, you now have your screen shake all over the place. &amp;#x200B;
So you're needlessly pedantic after we established that we're talking about company coin earlier in the sentence?
I'm waiting for the Automatico, Helliregel, SMG 08/18, lMG 08/18 and Machinepistole ...Oh and Arisaka...
T A C T I C A L
MMGs are just bad game design and have no place in this game whatsoever.
Press O to win.
If a significant enough portion of the community has visibility issues enough for the devs to believe it needs addressing, it is an issue.
With the state of camping, I don't mind.
You make it sound like Square Enix was not behind the state of FFXV.
Don't be cheap
Nope
Anyone who uses MMGs should be made fun of
Imagine being such a scrub that you don't want good visibility.
Fortifications are unfun.
BF1's current TTK is similar to the current BFV TTK... And 0.5 isn't the current TTK... the slower one that since been reverted.
BF is played by people with the IQ of a rock
If you want shit visibility go play a milsim. This is not a again laying on your belly in a bush for 30 minutes with an MMG.
Boomer
Stats mean nothing in this game with the with the camping meta. Good players are underperforming and bad are overperforming because 3/4 come from invisible camper... I logged into BF1 for the first time in ages today and could easily go 20K/D and I'm lucky to get 2K/D in this game. https://i.imgur.com/kd2uJ5p.jpg
But DICE said this would be the most skillful Battlefield yet?
BF1 has better game design than BFV.
Just boomer things
You're right, it's not as casual as CoD... it's even more casual than CoD... CoD is more competitive than this junk.
&gt; Source. But assuming I believe you, Great. All BFV SMGs are 4btk weapons... &gt;Lets say the suomi is not a skilled weapon. Now, tell me how does this make smg 08 skillful? I did not say the Suomi is not a skillful weapon, I showed your logical inconsistency because because the Suomi outclasses the SMG 08/18 and Hellriegel by leaps and bounds. The Hellriegel and SMG 08/18 would die to be an extended mag Suomi. Automatico and Thompson Annihilator would die to be a RoF upgrades Suomi. I would love to see what about the SMG 08/18 that you believe is skillless that is not present in the Suomi and Thompson with the upgraded mag and recoil reduction. &gt;..Lol. &gt;sigh Proving my point.
But dying to an invisible MMG player in a corner somewhere is not getting outplayed or making a mistake. I feel ripped off since this game was marketed as being skillful and tactical but it's more casual than CoD.
I mainly play Conquest too... I'm just saying KPM is what matters with visibility. Don't be so butthurt, I'm not attacking you.
When did he say that?
He didn't want to be associated with it because he didn't agree with it. There was no new TTK, it's just the old one with a damage multiplier. A new TTK would take ages to make just like BF1's TTK 2.0. The difference between 4btk and 5btk on the STG 44 is 100ms, that's a long time. And there is a reason to use lower rate of fire weapons and that's recoil and range. If you felt that there was no reason to use low rate of fire weapons in the original TTK then there would be even less reason to use them in the higher TTK because your weapons take even longer to kill and you need to rely more on lower TTK weapons to remain viable unlike with lower TTK across the board where the high TTK weapons have a low enough TTK to get the drop on someone or multiple people and still win and BFV never had low TTK. It was always high, higher than BF4, BF3 and Hardline... and I don't know why you would want it even higher. It's also worth noting that with the lazily implemented damage multiplier, the difference between low TTK and high TTK became even greater so there was of a reason to use high TTK weapons. That is because a percentage increase of a small number is closer to the original number than the same percentage increase of a large number.
I highly doubt you did. I could barely see the guy hiding in the corner besides the health station in the church or the guys camping in the building on C of Rotterdam. Nor could I see the guy hiding in the corner of D of Rotterdam or that camping sniper on Hamada. It's worth noting that there's a difference between looking at a video and processing the sheer of visual and auditory information while planning your next move and being prepared to face opponents that actually playing the game entails. For the guy behind the door. I looked and it was pitch black. I began looking towards the way to the stairs but as I walked closer to the door, it became clear that someone was there but I had already looked there and it was pitch black so I looked somewhere else. The space behind the door shouldn't be visible when I'm one foot away and already looked and saw it pitch black and so I focused on somewhere else.
No complaints from me if a shotgun isn't good.
It's so insane that even DICE agrees that visibility is horrendous.
But high TTK encourages pushing and the opposite of camping.
It has the same type of CPU inside... a more powerful version.
But visibility is actually good Narvik at night and it's already in the game in Operations...
And who cares if it degrades the quality of gameplay? That's exactly why they made it so much more infrequent than in BF1, because it was largely agreed upon that it reduced the enjoyment of the game.
Just because good players doesn't mean it's not shit game design.
It has a TTK of 333ms, worse than the STG and 1-5. Same TTK at Sten but worse hip fire. It's not OP.
Assault rifles are supposed to win at mid range... That's what assault rifles are for. We're talking about close range here where MP40 ADS spread and recoil are irrelevant. Hipfire is the deciding factor of the range being discussed. And I'm skeptical of how much better the Ribbeyrolls recoil is to the MP40 after the HRec buffs.
SMGs bypass the need to ADS at close range. You can easily outdamage any assault user that you begin shooting at first at close range. And you do need to ADS with the M1907, it's Hipfire does not remain reliable for a very far distance. You have no idea what you are talking about. https://m.imgur.com/KPRcGyA https://m.imgur.com/RimYRJV
The latest update ruined image uploading. It works sporadically. Go back to the last version.
Night Narvik actually has the best visibility in the game. Daytime Narvik is over exposed.
Or maybe his nose is red because it's freezing outside.
Wouldn't 9S be ecstatic?
They're not the same.
And there are people with more hours than you who say that visibility is horrendous. Also, you shouldn't have to "look" for the enemy in a fast paced game like Battlefield. You want to encourage pro-active playstyles, not encourage bad camping playstyle like what everyone is doing in BFV. There's a stark difference between the BFV and BF1 meta. Most people are trying to PTFO as hard as they can in BF1, everyone in BFV is prone and camping because they know it makes them invisible. PTFO is punished. This is not interesting gameplay in the slightest.
Post your stats Edit: Lmao https://battlefieldtracker.com/bf1/profile/psn/QuestItem
&gt;Yes those are good stats lmao Those are shit stats. At 1.6 K/D and 2100 SPM, you should feel bad. His daily K/D is like 2.something. What a fucking embarrassment. And here I am going 20 K/D when getting my ass steamrolled. https://i.imgur.com/AuTEksZ.jpg &gt;Not everybody needs to be a top league player You better be if you accuse people of being bad at a game. &gt;and if he is better at BFV like he claims, he has every right to assume you aint that great and just being salty at BFV. No, arguments are challenged their veracity and not outside forces. Such reasoning is fallacious... But then again, these are your stats https://battlefieldtracker.com/bf1/profile/xbox/w00ds98
Okay, scrub!
That makes sense, thank you very much! Was confused how Meruru and Totori would end up in the original Rorona. Meruru wasn't even an idea yet.
Just because the game punishes PTFOing doesn't mean you can't top the scoreboard while PTFOing... No, more prone people is because you become invisible and MMGs are lasers once prone. Nonetheless, this is an unfalsifiable argument.
Just because something is an "opinion" doesn't mean it can't be challenge and that the opinion can't be fucking retarded.
And the medic who gets kills will always be better. If you're going to squad leader, you need to be able to meet the requirements of the role. Some people actually want to win.
Nice strawman again.
And getting kills as well as reviving is doing just that It's also an FPS, you need to know how to get kills
Suomi. Quick ADS, big magazine, reduced horizontal recoil, reduced vertical recoil. I'm wondering if I should switch the reduced vertical recoil buff for better hip fire spread increase per shot since vertical recoil is easy to counter.
Why is is?
Quick ADS, Horizontal recoil buff, vertical recoil buff, increased mag size.
Because it has no recoil
At least medic chain revives isn't as insufferable as having a million zerge zerging, running at the speed of Usain Bolt shooting bullets at you from ever direction while invisible campers lay prone with MMGs. BFV designed by people who have cool idea and put very little effort into thinking of how these ideas work in synergy.
I've been doing that for two days straight.
I can top the scoreboard. This game just has horrendous balancing... the least effort that a dev could put in. https://i.imgur.com/l8XuY4L.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/w7Gbe9M.jpg
http://imgur.com/a/Ghit6Wy
Your lack of self awareness is hilarious. BFV's bad visibility is exactly what you're describing, a game that cuddles bad players who can't play aggressively.
I won't next time :)
Grey filter for WW2.
And no tanks and planes. Battlefield would be so much more fun without vehicles.
Maybe cuz you're bad.
Me too
Who?
Lol
The reduction in spread means increased damage drop off Plain and simple
Yeah and it became bad with BF3.
Yeah, the video addresses that.
I don't know if map design that encourages zerging is good can be considered subjective.
I use R3 to crouch because being able to quickly crouch is important to me. I don't want my character swinging left and right in awkward angles while I'm in a gun fight. Strafing is also meta so trying it to an important mechanic like crouching is just counter intuitive.
Fun gameplay &gt; muh realism. Like giving someone a tap on the back after getting blown up by a tank will bring them back to life like in BFV...
What game is this? I want to play it!
Were BF4 and BF1 black and white?
It's a meme
Kronus is more similar to a controller than KBM...
Have you seen MG TTK?
https://esport-battlefield.com/
BFV is a run n gun arcade shooter.
But no prone boomers 😊
\&gt;Playing conquest
CoD is 5v5
LMAO, this sub. I'm actually fine with this if they roll this into hardcore mode and remove attrition from the base game.
Lmao, if you think classes are differentiated enough that it's possible to not be able to play one class. They all play the same... You're just an angry scrub cuz you're sub 3 K/D in every category.
Okay
There is no difference between having to pull your down and having to pull it down at a slightly different angle if the magnitudes of the recoil is still the same.
[https://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-36136635](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-36136635)
BF1 gunplay was too skillful for the community.
Lol, who cares about Spain?
Computer science ≠ computer engineering You want a computer engineering degree.
Spawns have always been garbage.
I'm getting Angel Beats vibes
Role playing
At the time of the last trailer. We were told two of the maps were for comp.
Kek
The GBA ones are ARPGs.
I get worse ping. I've gone over a 1000.
How so?
Missed opportunities...
&gt;Unlike the SNES original, there is no co-op in this version. The developers say they want to focus on the single player part of the game, so you won't be going through this one with your friends. I would say oof but do people who play JRPGs even have friends? 🤔
They'd have to create models for every Pokemon.
Source?
So anecdotal reports from an extremely small sample size yet you want to be taken seriously?
Yah
Yes
The 20 round mag is fine.
Did they try having an actual marketing and distribution budget?
Isn't GoG run by a other company that is wholly owned by CD Projekt?
I have no idea wtf I just read.
It's a low rate of fire gun.
Velvet is annoying
GoG is operated by spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością.
The Steam app is essentially a web browser. Of course it's small.
Mimosa too.
Not right wing enough.
No, SMG and AR assignments are the easiest and the MAB is a very accurate gun. It's very similar to the STG but it has more spread. 25 rounds is satisfactory for anyone who does not have bad aim. Remember, it takes 4 bullets to kill at the 10m mark and 5 past then. You can theoretically down 6 enemies before needing to reload. I easily down 4 - 5 enemies when using the MAB. 3 minimum with bad aim. MAB with right side specialization has less recoil than the MP34 with the upgrade that puts it at the same RoF as the MAB.
https://youtu.be/UC4cFI8Tj90 Is Westie the most based YouTuber?
I never said I die to proners, did I?
Lmao
My biggest gripe with DQ11 is that it doesn't feel like a traditional old school game at all. It has very little in common with greats of the genre like DQ1-3 and Final Fantasy 1-3. It emulates games of a newer era and I don't think it does a good job at that either.
DQ11 is nothing like the original Dragon Quest games.
I feel so old now
The problem here is that isn't what's happening in video. We're only discussing free speech, them saying racist things. Yes, harming other people and speech that compels others to harm minorities is a violation of the social contract and deserves retribution but this isn't the context of the discussion.
Cries in Bleach
&gt;A military that invaded other countries, violates their rights, and causes more damage than good. A police force full of corruption that doesn’t protect our rights like they should, but takes them away “because they’re ordered to.” You make it sound like this is all they do. &gt;but the income tax doesn’t need to be as high as it is because at the end of the day it’s going to fund unnecessary activities that I do not support. That's not what you said in the OP. You said that you want it at 0%
You'd prefer to press more buttons, especially more buttons that are on the farther ends of your keyboard? Then Mac commands are flat out better imo.
No, what you say is completely incorrect. Classical Liberals and Minarchists believe that a government is important for protection of Liberty. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night-watchman_state This philosophy rests entirely on the belief in the social contract, stating that government is an absolute necessity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_contract Anarcho Capitalists are anarchists who do not believe in a central hierarchy but believe in non-centralized hierarchy. &gt;Anarcho-capitalists hold that in the absence of statute(law by arbitrary autocratic decrees, or bureaucratic legislation swayed by transitory political special interest groups), society tends to contractually self-regulate and civilize through the spontaneous and organic discipline of the free market (in what its proponents describe as a "voluntary society").[1][2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism Libertarianism isn't a political belief, it's a spectrum of believes that encompass all the ideologies previously mentioned. While they disagree on things, they all agree that we need less government than we currently have.
That's a link to the U of T website, one of most prestigious universities in Canada. I can assure you that it's trustworthy information!
That's not how economics works.
How so?
I'd rather be a capitalist pig than uneducated. Like really, it's 2019 - we're living in the age of information, books are in abundance, research is can be had in an instance, you can have the information of a person with a PHD without taking a single course. There's no excuse for being willfully uneducated on the basic of economic topics.
But you need one to understand economics.
Yet you can't explain how it's so different.
It could say Jump and be a fake. The presentation is pretty low-tier and uninspired so it doesn't help.
You post in Canadian subreddits. Canada was built on Classical Liberalism. In other words, you live in a Nazi country according to this subreddit. This new type of liberalism that permeates through Canada did not exist 60 years ago. https://i.imgur.com/NA6CkWX.png Classical Liberalism isn't a term outside of the US and Canada because it is the default definition of liberalism in the rest of the world, especially in Europe and Australia. Therefore, Europe is a Nazi continent and Australia is a Nazi country according to this thread.
You know movie trailers get their own trailers now a days?
Is it an RPG made in Japan?
Bandai should hire me to direct a BC RPG.
Don't tell me you seriously think game design is not an issue with this game?
MAB is great.
AP mines shouldn't exist.
You can actually see people and there aren't a million prone MMG boomers everywhere
Doesn't suit it at all. It's cool but doesn't suit it.
Y?
shitpost
Not BF1
There are a lot of things in the current OP video that haven't happened yet. I didn't expect the new one to be released for a while.
No, some things that happen in the current OP haven't happened yet in the actual anime. Manga readers will understand. Plus, the current arc takes a huge twist and having a new OP now doesn't make any sense.
The anime will be non-stop action from here.
Fire Force 2
I don't consider XI to be an FF game either.
Your argument makes no sense. There are two components of skill in a first person shooter: 1. Aim or what is called "technical skill" 2. The second type is called cognitive skill. This is what we call game sense. Aim is a closed skill. It does not interact with other players. There's only one way to use this skill - to aim as effectively as you possibly can. But what exactly is aim? Aim is nothing but muscle memory. Your brain remembers what intensity to push your muscles to replicate a movement by X degrees in-game. It does not take effort to aim as it is entirely muscle memory. You simply perform an action with absolutely 0 effort on your part. It's a brain-dead skill. It requires no greater effort to be a good aimer than to be a bad one. Rather, it requires greater skill to be a bad aimer than a good aimer because good aim is simply muscle memory. It's not something that someone "tries" to do... What is cognitive skill or game sense? Game sense is simply a form of intuition developed after observing patterns in gameplay across multiple instances of events. The human brain is incredibly skilled at pattern observation, so cognitive skill or game sense is too, a passive skill. You just observe things and you develop an intuition as to what works and what doesn't. It takes no greater effort to realize that a player who is climbing a ledge is likely to be unable to retaliate from an attack for a brief moment or that a player rushing a corner is likely to have a teammate behind them. People who are good at games aren't "trying hard". They've just played enough that they have natural and effortless ability to move their muscle a certain way to replicate results and to understand the underworkings as well as the "meta" of a game. It takes no greater effort to be good at a game. No one is "trying hard". Your argument is essentially boils down to "StOp BeInG gOoD aT gAmEs".
Good :)
This has been posted before
She went back to her old outfit
Patry can do her braids
Black Rover Black Catcher
No. He spent extra time and less time on certain days playing it
Yes
They spoilt Noelle powerup. They will spoil 1st Wizard King. They will spoil everything. Damnatio and Marie being attacked might even be shown.
OP gets upset then throws them out /s
Yay! I thought they hated westerners since they never localized a single game.
Atelier Rona Plus. Work your way through Totoro then Meruru (my favorite).
Demon Slayer and Promised Neverland are the epitomeof mainstream though?
Prickly Queen
It's a codec issue on WhatsApp's end. Has nothing to do with Boost but it can be fixed if Boost came with a native video converter.
Yeah but it's too campy and tacticool.
MangaDex, KissManga
Anyone else wish they spent a little more time on the devil?
&gt;It's a name people came up with after getting butthurt over the "Ok Boomer slur" What are you talking about? It's a meme that has existed for years?
He still does some FF work once in a while.
You can't be serious
DS-era Pokemon were some of the most beautiful sprite games ever made.
Yes. The DLC is version-exclusive.
Zapdos looks like Bakkugo
I'm insanely hyped for the game. I'm also a huge Kubo fan so it's a match made in heaven.
I own Volume 1 and Volume 0. Never played them though.
He's right
I love Empire
Nyaa.si
Thanks for the Sobble!
I got Sobble. I'm definitely looking a Grookey and some Sword exclusives so hit me up. You can also shoot me a message on Discord if you wish. It's easier to contact me there.
No one is forcing you to buy Sun. I for one skipped Sun and only spent $40. And how is it a better game? It costs more and has less content? There's no exploration, the entire game is running down a hallway.
Doesn't Type Null count as a legendary?
&gt;Every other game before this required you to trade or tranfer Pokemon that weren't in the game. And this one requires you to trade Pokémon that are in the game.
The Pokémon are in the game, they're just not accessible to you until you buy the DLC.
&gt;You can only CATCH them because of the new areas population. This game has no post-game and barely has any content. These new areas were cut from the game to sell as DLC. Every other Pokémon game has new areas with Pokémon from other regions. Sinnoh did this for free. https://m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Battle_Zone I'm not oblivious to common sense, you're just a shill.
&gt;Then you must really hate games like Gen 3 where all the sprites were coded into the game but you needed Fire Red or Leaf Green or to trade to get the remaining Pokemon. Gen 3 felt like complete games. Sword and Shield does not. &gt;I have no problem with someone disliking the fact that not all Pokemon are available in the game to everyone for free I have a problem when people criticize this like it's some kind of new trend while ignoring the fact that it's been like this for years. To quoque fallacy https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_quoque
Having a happy playerbase enables you to make money in the long term as opposed to ripping off your playerbase to make a quick buck but destroying the long-term trust of your playerbase.
I have too many Scorbunnies. I'll give you a Scorbunny in exchange for any Sword exclusive that I don't already own. P.S - I have none so far. I also have Grookey and Sobble. I can give you Grookey and Sobble eggs too.
He sits on his PC.
Scorbunny, Grookey and Sobble are up for grabs in exchange for Sword exclusives. I already own Turbonator and Golitha.
Was most impressed by your cute Espeon.
We need more anime skins. They're all I want to buy. I love the Oden skin and the AUG skin is dope too but I want you guys to go full weeb. A purple MP5 skin would be instabuy.
But We Never Learn is a comedy and not an action show so not a fair comparison
I'll read this for the plot
When someone declines a trade offer, I show off my shiny Charizard or shiny ditto then cancel the trade when they accept then end the interaction.
Just spam balls at it.
Most people prefer Torchick... just like how most people prefer Scorbunny. They're just the cutest starters of their gens and their final evolutions look the most badass (with Treeko coming in second). If you want to end starter inequality, make all starters cute and make all their evolutions cute and/or badass looking. This is something Gen 2 did all, all starters look great but I'm a Cyndaquil boi.
I have no actual stats, just anecdotes. Sobble won a small poll almost a year ago but those numbers aren't close to actual sale numbers and it was far from launch.
Is that mandarin?
The game is not played from the perspective of the character; it's played from the perspective of the human being playing it. The perspective of the character is irrelevant to criticism of the game because games are made to be enjoyable to the human beings playing them, not to the AI characters.
Are you saying that his career path isn't lucrative and that he should reconsider?
I strongly believe that online infrastructure is broken or its works as intended but is powered by spaghetti code.
That's understandable :)
If users are gaining mass amounts of karma from posting Yuno in gold and not green like the last time, isn't that the "Reddit free market" showing that a significant portion of people here quite enjoy this specific user's posts?
Sorry, I can be a dick sometimes :)
3D pen?
Max out hipfire. One of my favourite guns in any BF. [https://i.imgur.com/zZGtTfT.png](https://i.imgur.com/zZGtTfT.png)
That's not a good thing.
It doesn't have to be this way though...
Shin Megami Tensei already exists.
Because most of players that don't like BFV have already quit the game and went back to older BFs or play other games or have accepted defeat and stopped trying to change the game but silently browse and/or play it and hope that the next game will be good. The loudest voices in this sub are mainly a vocal minority of those who like the game enough to keep talking about it and remain hopeful for its future. The majority of FPS gamers are not milsim players or have many milsim dispositions. A good product (if it hopes for mass appeal) is one that targets the median consumer. Ask yourself - does BFV target the median FPS player or is it chasing a niche of players of strong milsim dispositions?
Wow, Somali is soo low?
We don't know if there are plans for it to be translated to English. It has been translated to German though.
If DrunkZ3 had much influence, BFV wouldn't resemble what it is today. (It would change for the better)
Sony requires you to do that too.
That's amazing.
That's a lot of old consoles
I'm completing Dragon Quest III.
Not a manga so idc
I want Battlefield to go to Treyarch 😍
Sword Art Online
I play SMT. I am not a weeb.
He showed up in the manga a few months ago. He single handedly saved the Clover Kingdom from the remaining elves. He has gotten strooong.
The best panel in the manga is in next week's episode. It can't be bad.
The outro already spoils the next arc.
If you want to change her mind about anime, don't show her Naruto. Show her Ghost In The Shell or Ergo Proxy.
Empire did an ending.
Are you meme-ing because this is hilarious?
So is this following the VN?
I don't understand this joke.
Should've gone to Production I.G.
I am reading After Virtue by Alasdair Macintrye.
Hype!
Just a few though.
People who have only had Domino's.
There is nothing Elite about this
Snapchat
They're not strong enough
Yup
You don't necessarily need to read his work but I'm sure it helps. I'm sure that you'll get by reading about his work from other other sources to gain a decent understanding. The author discusses many different philosophers, not just Nietzsche, and he makes a great effort to explain the gist of their works before criticizing them so you will get by. It might also be useful to read up on some of the basics of Aristotle as the author is an Aristotelian.
There's only one thing they can do - filler. The chapters are too short to do one chapter per episode.
Thanks for sharing it then. I love obscure Japanese games.
Isn't this old news?
Thank you My only issues with the writing is the slow start, the rushed ending and how the writer decided to split the cast midway through but besides that, I really loved the writing. The mystery of the Global Rebirthday was excellently handled imo and the foreshadowing was great. You could really tell the author had a story in mind. I really loved the Tenjuin kids, Kyle in particular is a well-written and Sakurako is my favourite manga/anime/visual-novel/JRPG heroine. I like how the characters are also weaker than most battle manga.
&gt;which is basically a fucking copy paste from magi's whole setting. absolutely pathetic How is this a copy paste of magi? This is a copy/paste of every RPG. Did Magi copy Dragon Quest?
Does this have a good plot?
He looks like a dick.
One Piece's art is meh.
I read Jump+ manga weekly. If it has "Shonen Jump" in the title, it's Shonen Jump. He never said, Weekly Shonen Jump, just Shonen Jump.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BlackClover/comments/d0qrmz/tabata_will_be_judging_the_jump_new_world_manga/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
Denji's going to be attacked by Santa Claus in the next chapter or the one after. Probably through the last remaining devil hunter brother.
That's like saying you want to read a Japanese book without knowing Japanese. The first step is learning Japanese
Well I consider games like Dark Souls to be a different breed of game altogether but yes, they do a very good job at role playing and there is much for JRPGs to learn from these games. It gets my seal of approval for the very same reasons why I praise FF3 and Witcher 3. Persona games consistently have good stories. Tales of Vesperia had an interesting story but I don't think it did enough to break the mold. I enjoyed Yuri as a protagonist. The story is very philosophical. Yuri is a libertarian and a personification of highly influential enlightenment liberal philosophers like John Locke for example. The entire concept of the guilds is a libertarian concept (besides the murdering), it's no surprise that Yuri is drawn to it. I quite enjoyed this aspect this aspect of the game. Flynn is a personification of Thomas Hobbes. To no surprise, Locke was inspired Hobbes' view of the social contract but came to different conclusions from Hobbes. Duke Pantarei is a personification of Edmund Burke. Unfortunately, while very inspirational it was just a "safe" story. The ending of the game unfortunately felt like every other game, proselytizing a played out liberal ideology. Every other aspect of the game was deeply philosophical, original and refreshing but the ending false apart since it devolves into safe, mainstream, liberal story tropes. It had good ideas but they sadly took the safe route. Nonetheless, Tales of Vesperia is one the better games story-wise (excluding the ending) and there's alot that other games can learn from it.
This is a false equivalence. Those religions you quote assume that happiness means eternal life (Judeo-Christian) or a good reincarnation (Buddhism). Furthermore, they are focused on the happiness of the individual achieved through committing actions that only affect the individual. Utilitarianism is about the happiness of the majority and not the individual. Furthermore, those religions view morality through a deontological lens while utilitarianism soley view people as means to an end. Deontologists see morality as good in itself. Utilitarians see morality merely a means to an end and is fixated on hypothetical imperatives as opposed to categorical imperatives like deontology. I absolutely cannot stand utilitarianism.
&gt;Finally, I can’t think of a single instance in Borderlands where combat *isn’t* the answer. Handsome Jack will &gt;!pay you to kill yourself.!&lt; Edit: Added spoiler tag
Okay, I definitely that Berseria was trying to be dark and serious but came out being edgy instead.
Installing privacy extensions is a way to get tracked too.
They killed my boy "Psyren".
GRID is loads of fun
It's supposed to run at 60fps on PS4. It looks great considering that
LG G6 got 1 year of software updates
Tachiyomi, previously Citra
Monster Hunter Stories is only good because it's a port of a 3DS game.
Tales is selling twice as many copies as Persona?
PCs had been challenged forever. PCs have only just gotten low level graphical APIs.
Windows is a joke of an operating system
Windows works by having a single account and giving that account for full system privileges. Yikes!!!! This is not good system security. The windows registry is bad. Disk fragmentation is a severe problem on Windows Your operating system spies on you and sends information to the United States government Forced updates where your system becomes unusable for an extended period of time and needs to reboot Anyone with self-respect should remove this garbage from their system. Linux doesn't need to reboot to be updated.
You're free to do as you please and I commend you for not throwing around insult. &gt;I won't deny Microsoft is a pretty shady company but I'm capable of knowing that, not liking that, spending a minimum on the products I do want and using it how I see fit. Again, you're free to do as you choose but you're supporting a company that is violating your consumer rights and would've been bankrupt ages ago if they played fairly.
There's no glued together feel. You're free to use something like Gnome, KDE, XFCE and LXQt that provides a full suit of applications and a full desktop experience. Or you can install individual packages and link them together, creating a system that suits your specific needs unlike Mac OS and Windows where you're forced to use your computer with the applications that Microsoft and Mac OS ships. And let's not forget that Windows is not popular because it's a good OS. Windows only exists in 2020 because Microsoft has done every illegal action that they can find to kill off as many companies and competing systems that they possibly can, illegally creating a monopoly for themselves. Using Windows is inherently unethical and you're contributing to the further destruction of the the computing ecosystem. Microsoft has single handedly held the computer industry back 20 years and have caused consumer to pay more money for inferior products. This wouldn't have happened if Microsoft had never existed so they wouldn't be able to destroy the computer industry by doing every illegal practice in the book. Anyone who owns any Microsoft products should be ashamed of themselves.
While it may be a western release, many Asian released games get English subtitles and no western release
Very important if you're doing lighting and physics. Heck, even game design requires some maths if you're doing an RPG or FPS game.
Out of those you listed, its closest to Jujutsu Kaisen though they're not particularly similar. Also, do you think people in the Jigokuraku sub will say not to read Jigokuraku?
You see so many people on this sub trash games for being under 60+ hours then praise another game for being over 60 hours despite the fact that game #2 is 70% grinding, 20% meaningful gameplay, 10% story. All they care about is that huge playtime number
Some games push the GPU harder than others and are therefore more likely to show signs of a failing GPU.
Ruby is also sick
Just stop using Windows if you want to make a difference Like Richard Stallman said, if you want the future you dream of, you'll need to make sacrifices.
It was not a reveal event. It was a GDC talk for developers because the in-person presentation was cancelled due to Coronavirus social distancing concerns.
There is a direct relationship between not having experienced any recent government despotism and being eager to give up your freedom to the government. Look how well the curfews are working out for the US now. They were all happy about the curfews just a month ago.
Spez said that racism is allowed on Reddit http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-43738032
No one remembers Ellen Pao.
People who mod lots of subs tend to have despotic tendencies. Many will love such a job.
The sheer existence of the PS4 really proves this. It's so polished that you would never assume that it's running a fork of FreeBSD 9.0 unless you knew that Sony has a history of forking FreeBSD.
&gt;Persona 5 is widely and critically considered the best JRPG of the generation No it isn't
I don't care what normie reviewers from IGN and GameSpot think about games. That doesn't mean I'll like it. Their opinions are worthless.
Imagine thinking reviews matter. Yes, I must point out that they are normies. I have no idea why the opinions of normies are relevant to me. We have little in common. Whatever they think makes a good game has no value to me because I have my own evaluative criteria. Game reviews, especially numbered reviews, are absolutely worthless because there is no way to universalize feedback of a game. I'm very sorry for anyone who bases their purchasing decisions based on what normie strangers on the internet think of particular games. Some of my favorite games ever got 70/100 on Metacritic. Many of them, never got reviewed by normie outlets like IGN. And just so you know, Metacritic is weighted so that outlets like IGN make a greater contribution to a game's score than many other outlets. Yikes.
https://youtu.be/S82YvCtwfHY
The Cell was very powerful.
My only issue is the way insert mode works. If I open Google, there will be a blinking icon in the search bar but once I start typing all the shortcuts began to do weird things because the browser needs me to manually enable insert mode. This ends up wasting my time very often. This is just an example, this happens in every webpage with a typing prompt.
Why is this downvoted? It's true
The PS4 runs a BSD 9.0 fork so technically, BSD wins for gaming.
Which game console you own ism
The same applies to PCs at least for the average redditor. Whenever you tell them to install a real operating system like BSD or Linux, the first reply you get is "but muh games". The average redditor doesn't seem to do much but game on their PCs. If anything, I think the success of consoles proves that no one really wants much more from a computer. Most people's computer usage can be summed up as "browse Facebook, some YouTube, maybe Netflix and watch porn"... you could do this on a $50 phone or a cheap Chromebook. Anything more will only be used by a very small group of users.
Haha, thanks. So it's apparently aimed at teaching English. It didn't occur to me that they would "hiragana-ize" English words. Wanna I learn how to make anime 3D models :(
That's reddit culture for you
Should anime fans be denegrated as they have previously been in this sub as well as /r/Japanlife? It came to my attention that the Government of Japan created this website to encourage foriegners to come to Japan. [https://web.archive.org/web/20190214131723/https://us.jnto.go.jp/cometojapan/](https://web.archive.org/web/20190214131723/https://us.jnto.go.jp/cometojapan/) It seems that the success that anime has had overseas and are very happy to capitalize on it to bring in foreigners. Anime can be a means for people to learn other aspects of your country that they might like. It's not bad in and of itself. Should this be a thread to encourage more discussion or is this too "low-effort"?
&gt;Because Wikipedia is a certified source of information 😂 Are you a certified source of information? &gt;So by your logic the PS3 and the PS4 are the same generation. Tee hee hee you’re funny The PS3 was not released between 2012-2019. It is a 7th generation console. It was released in 2006, six years before the current generation of consoles began. Reading comprehension is difficult, I know..
Thank you for your explanation. I wonder why they haven't been sued for distributing game roms then.
Thank makes sense. I was not aware that they took down the roms. Thank you for explaining it to me.
Will do, thank you for your help.
Thank you for your help. Fortunately, the Arch wiki helped me solved the problem. I installed qt5ct and set it to be my environment variable and everything now works perfectly. I use LXQt and Plasma. There are absolutely 0 gtk that I care for so it's good that I can have the same workflow regardless of my WM and DE.
Nice panel
So they can remotely hack into his computer? And he made fun of them on multiple occasions... so it appears that he was aware of their attempts to hack into it and he did not turn off his computer or at least the networking features?
Battlefield 1 outsold CoD
"The game"
So FF8 was entirely written in Kana?
The DLC maps aren't very good. I'd argue that they're worse than the mediocre base game maps
They're trying way too hard to look futuristic. It doesn't look good at all.
If it looks dated in 2020, time won't be kind to it.
1. Many people don't have access to Amazon 2. Some people are swimming in money and don't need sales 3. Limited space if you're a student in the dorms or if you live in a place that has small houses and apartments like Japan.
Oh, thank you for the help. I'll keep this in mind going forward. I switched to Polybars because I couldn't figure out what was wrong.
PS5 looks like something straight outta /r/EvilBuildings
No, it's a musuo.
If racist people don't create racist societies but racist societies create racist people, does this mean that there are societies before there are people?
It was banned for doxxing and harassing users on other websites, not body shaming.
That is true and Ellen Pao began to clamp down on it but then the Reddit "revolt happened". What Is find ironic is that Ellen Pao is exactly the type of CEO that redditor wants in 2020.
That isn't RDNA 2.0 Your operating system is Windows, a slow, bloated and archaic operating system that is known to have performance issues that make it run slower than BSD and Linux in disc performance. If you don't believe you're free to check out multiple LinusTechTips videos where he states that Windows' disc performance is awful and is outperformed by Linux. &gt;SSD 240 gb: $40 The PS5 has a 800GB SSD and I can guarantee that this SSD you're listing is vastly inferior to the one in PS5. I would advise you to do your research on the PS5 SSD. It's not some generic off-the-shelf SSD. This entire build that you're giving me is non-sensical because the PS5's system architecture is completely different from that of a standard Windows PC, allowing it shave off lots of overhead from operations. &gt;Yes, you can’tn’t You really can't and your $800 asking price (with used parts, yikes) is nearly twice as much as the PS5 will probably be while still being slower and less efficient in many ways.
&gt;Buddy I just said you can build a better pc in $800 with a used 1080 ti. You literally cannot build a better PC for $800. And you're also using used parts All you've done is shown that you don't know much about computers. I would highly advise you to read up on computer architecture and what differentiates the architecture of the PS5 from the computer you just outlined. Even if your hardware was more powerful (which in many ways, it isn't), the overall system would still be slower. https://youtu.be/4ehDRCE1Z38
This is i3
&gt;I hope it does attract a wider audience (at which point an English dub will help) but its core audience isn't bothered therefore it is completely inessential and it isn't 'unfinished'. Not being "bothered" isn't a prerequisite for whether something is finished or not. It also not a visual novel. &gt;Not to mention the game will probably cost a little less by the time the English audio download is available so it can only save them money. Most game sales as well as music album sales are made in the first few weeks after launch.
I doubt this can run on an Intel HD Graphics 3000
&gt;Tales of Berseria is a vastly superior game if you want a recommendation. I disagree
Halloween
I don't believe that anyone "should" like them. I don't believe in objective values. I was not insulting the previous user for possibly not liking them. Would you like to know what I personally enjoy about them or why I believe that someone could like them?
They're black Americans
Bandai called it an RPG before.
/u/OkSolution8
I'm really looking forward to purchasing one!
Is this a sequel?
Herbstulftwm
Sakura Taisen
There are tons of PC exclusive JRPGs if you're willing to play games made for the PC98.
I unfollowed her for promoting toxic masculinity.
She shamed men for being under 6 feet in one of her vids.
Just so you know, it was supposed to be a joke but I did not find it funny at all and it's kinda hard to know which jokes are really jokes and which ones a person truly believes.
This is a shitpost subreddit.
I'd say 50% in.
Yes
Cuz it's 2020, we've moved onto 4K and 1440p. Heck, even phones these days are shipping with 4k screens.
They do these streams every few weeks. It's always a merchandise announcement.
He said that the person was responsible for Sonic Mania "existing at all", not responsible for developing it.
There's no difference between the two versions except that the Japanese PlayStation devices use different back and accept buttons from the rest of the world. The Nintendo Switch uses the same layout as the Japanese versions.
PS4 is worth buying because it runs FreeBSD, a true master race operating system. Would've been good if Sony allowed us to use the pkg package manager, the FreeBSD repositories and by extension, allowed us to install a window manager like Herbstulftwm or desktop environment like Plasma. This will be like Other OS from the PS3 but built into the normal OS. This would kill the PC for me and I would fully switch to consoles. With all the talk about being master race around, you will never a real master race while running Windows but I doubt that Sony will ever do this since it's a niche interest. I doubt that there are many people looking for a full BSD desktop experience built into their consoles.
How about they release SMTV on Switch?
Jeez, you're everywhere. It even feels like I'm stalking you.
It looks like you're right. I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Maybe the author was going for realistic character development rather than main character instantly becomes OP like most manga. Heck, even Midoriya hasn't won any fights except against grunts at 19 chapters.
Dreamcast has better games than Switch imo.
Stallman was right
How is Mac OS worse than Windows?
The Switch has a fully functional emulator and heck, all Xbox exclusives are on PC.
&gt;95% of switch games are 3rd party games that are on multiple platforms, not just the ps4, shows just how well of a verse gamer that you are. Same games I see on Xbox I see on steam, switch and ps4, or what? You think dragon quest was a ps4 exclusive? You think star ocean was a ps4 exclusive? You think any final fantasy game is ps4 exclusive? I can keep going on the list and you'll see those very same games are on pc and xbox as well Thanks for proving my point.
Why would I want to play PS4 games on Vita, let alone Switch? I want new experiences, not subpar versions of PS4 games. This is what made the PSP and DS the best handhelds ever. Switch is only good if you're too poor to buy a PS4 so you just play subpar versions of the PS4 versions of games. [Unfortunately, I own a PS4, Switch and Vita so I would see new games that I can't play anywhere else.](https://i.imgur.com/3wLql4H.jpg) Nintendo's strengths have always been that they did their own thing rather than being a poor man's PlayStation like the Switch is. Once, PS5 comes out, the Switch will be left in the dust because it will no longer be powerful enough to be the afterthought console for the worst version of the latest game. Either it dies because everyone has just used it as a poor man's PS4 or maybe devs will finally make some games worth buying a Switch for. If it's the former, enjoy. The only Switch game I'm looking forward to is Shin Megami Tensei V and it probably won't ever come out. Keep on spamming Atlus Twitter for Persona 5 on Switch though /s
Isn't that the feature that sites use to spy on you?
You don't get to choose what part of a story people should care about.
It is.
Your mobile site design is downright predatory and its quality has degraded over the years to the point of being unusable in a desperate attempt to force people to use your mobile app. Your mobile app is subpar and far inferior to third party apps despite your anti-competitive practice of locking APIs to your terrible official app.
Sakura Taisen is probably one of the greatest games ever
&gt;Switch is the most succesful console right now That's the PS4 &gt;I don't see downsides on getting a Nintendo Switch instead of a PS VITA, the better ps vita games are ports and Switch has ports, a new thing doesn't need to improve with time,you are considering the console individually,if we considered them all as one,then it's better getting a psp than getting a PS VITA. There is no PSP game that can't be played on the Vita.
I have used voice chat on Vita. Party chat works perfectly. Switch can't do it. You need to download a mobile app and do some weird hack. It can't be a primarily multiplayer device if it lacks basic multiplayer functionality.
If you follow Druckman, you would know that he has far left beliefs. He's so left wing that he's far outside the norm, even by left wing standards.
The PS Vita is a PSP. Persona 2 is running natively.
We don't take kindly to proprietary operating systems here.
I'm seeing a lot of DE's lately? Did the mods tone down the rules?
Posts like that would be downvoted in /r/ArchLinux
This one looks like it's trying to be more like Beelzebub than Hungry Marie.
&gt;Yeah, I don't really understand people that complain about MW, even XclusiveAce triggers me when he says that the Multiplayer is bad, he just doesn't want to take it slower and goes full on rush mode. It can be rage inducing but you should know how to strategize to earn kills, right? Games are supposed to be fun. What's the point of camping and strategizing if you're not having fun doing so?
&gt;He’s not a leaker like TGR and he could get in trouble for this. He did
The majority of KDE users in this sub would switch to Mac OS in an instant if they could.
Red Hat
That means you're pretty much done with the installation. Everything else is additive.
&gt; Debian focuses on Free Software Stallman disagrees
&gt;My mom recently got a new game for the family switch, thinking it was a RPG, turns it out it looked like a crappy minecraft clone that was in the style of Dragon Quest Builders 2 It was not Dragon Quest Builders
Reddit: Chrome bad Also reddit: Discord gud
My setup is perfect. I dunno how hard someone can mess up Arch installation. Partition hard drive, keyboard is in UTF 8 by default, install base, Linux, firmware. Setup time zone. Pacstrap whatever you want. Chroot into system. Done?
That unfortunate to hear. Just gotta hope for the best. It could've been so much worse, I heard that the infection rate was relatively low over there compared to other countries. I hope it all works out for you in the end! :)
How is Arch not polished and needs tweaks?
I've had mine since 2012 launch and it's fine. Must've been mistreatment.
Apple has had app overview since 2011.
It's on PS Vita.
It's the most controversial game in the franchise. Many of the developers don't even think it's a good game and are just doing what management tells them to do. The studio is bleeding employees.
Why do rappers have so much cash lying around in brief cases?
