the burrito bandito
Big Rings is aight it goes hard in the club though
a lot
that God guy can sure ball
developed by the same corporations that made the magnetic rims wake up sheeple
they should draft Daniel Jones
players only babyyy
anywhere but LA
i’m still enjoying the fact that we won idk
i already hate the offseason
The Seattle Snakes sign Kevin Dursnake to a 5 year super snake consnake
Method Man gets raw with the southpaw style
yea but they make a living off of it while we hand it out for free
nah let’s play something else. Raptors/Cricket 2020
only real ones know 💯
ya i’m going to the keg tomorrow to chase the dragon you in?
what’s that
no shit
there was a video of a chick getting hit from the back and the guy said something like “i’m about to come like a train” and the girl was on her phone or something and she let out a really unenthusiastic “choo choo”
- /r/NBA 2018-19
yea can’t think of any examples tho 🤔
i love him
where acepace at
... except they do have good flow lol
knitting?? now i finally have a chance to join yussss
i don’t give a shit
i have a gay cousin he ain’t white tho
604 gang
idk i’ve had some asian people think i’m asian even though i’m not
so you’re saying there’s a chance
this game was pretty cathartic ngl
🅱️razy
that’s just wrong
“are you dumb?” certified toronto mans
big fan of the sham
gamers rise up
you think twitter is bad you should read ig comments on second thought pls don’t, for your own sake
a million on what ??
players only finals only pls
dlo and booker
the Tatum one is the same picture?
fire the dj
sounds about right
it’s finally offcial
nba champs 😭
i’m rooting for em
and the 7th man award goes to....
Montrezl for 7th man of the year
your first mistake is reading instagram comments lol they don’t know shit
we really doing this again huh
that was the exact word that came to mind lol
larry: i love the young people
Magic
do it pussy
i didn’t come here to cry
moms are the real mvp
Hopkins dawg
you are HIV aladeen
only nerds wait till the evening to hit the club
yipeeeee
hominid
obviously lol
anyone know if Klay got his quicksilver shorts on
please leave
it’s uncanny
Donovan “Miles Morales” Mitchell
ur 90?
how dare he have fun
In episode 2F09 when Itchy plays Scratchy’s skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a magic xylophone or something? Boy i really hope somebody got fired for that blunder
relatable
classic kobe stan
begone demon
is ur gf Khloe
i was hoping Merrill Lynch would trade up for him
everyone is a scrub to him he’s just bored
bruh id be a gajillionaire if true
he’s fit what the
he’s got two girls
are we going to ignore the fact that Kyle has a huge booty 🍑🍑🍑
it’s Kevin Durant man
not to mention a free throw
Barbados Slim
does he even know where they’re sitting at tho?
the disrespect to Nipsey smh
ah yes those pesky raptor fans
thats the hulk ur talking about
thats being generous, did you see the protests lol
now wait a goddamn minute Rondell
lol fools downvoting dont even know they think we’re the Suns without Kawhi
pretty sure freddie is black though
hells bells Trudy
he just looks sexy all the tine
yo wtf lol
fuk i cant wait to watch this team
thisisfine.jpg
i have a negative balance. i gotta spend money just to be broke
where the fuck am i
its so fire
he looks like Travis Kelce
I respectfully disagree
Real trap shit
Mr Big Crap
Yea just go check out /r/NBA sometime
Got a question? You ask the 8ball
Name checks out
Sup CP3
Succession Euphoria
Something we can all get behind
Is Greg stuck at his own table lol Classic Greg
Why hasn’t anyone said Patrick McCaw yet smh
Just ignores Elton John lmaooooo
He looks like Malloy from Simpsons
Haha all good!
Y’all look so different
Or Shaq in Curb Your Enthusiasm
Stroke me daddy
Ay girl
Damn lol
That’s the dumbest one here I’ll eat my chips thank you very much
New Orleans sports fans and beefing with refs
Damn pass the tequila
I got spoiled in the NBA offseason this year. Can’t wait for this years /r/NFL f5 season
What a cop out smh
Larry David you four eyed fuck
Damn that’s a high quality stream thanks mane
I want some Brisket now
Adam Silver pls make it happen
Turns out one of the best pg’s can get wins who knew Imagine how good Shai will be after being the padawan under him
Oh woosh I should know that one smh
Yea that bum has 0 pts smh
Came straight from a 2000s bad boy music video shoot
Bif peenus
6MOY
That was like several mini episodes of Curb lmao. Made me realize how much better the show is without a laugh track
Depends on the mood I guess
We are all younglings compared to ole Eli
They already did it when he was fighting with Deathstrokes daughter. She cut his staff in half with a sword
Man Kawhi shoulda stayed. I just remembered how bummed I am about the whole thing lol
What’s an injury
Le underrated gem
fr Aaron Rodgers and Mahomes kinda seem like jerks to the other agent
I know a thing or too about blowing a lid too early
Yea I called the suicide hotline after that /s
I’m saving myself for marriage thanks
I get hella nostalgic hearing this reminds me of an ex gf
Why are people?
Ain’t no secret!
Don’t count out the Tennessee Henrys
Kawhi would hang his head like that after a win too lol
That’s what I thought lmao
My Somali princess 👑
The jury is still out on that one
Zylan Zylan Zylan Zylan Zylan He dunks hot fire
The weast runs thru Cleveland
Real gym rat
It’s easier to root for him since he’s on the Pelicans lol
I’m talking bout the eyes not the sleepy part
GOAT
I just call him Jim
Stay off the weeeeduh
Just having a good time don’t shame
Hey now
Hark!
🔥
He’s tryna set up a Fight with Logan Paul smh
This is an easy listen compared to Whole Lotta Money
Too much sauce
On Ja
He is 1337 fosho
Anyteam that beats LeBron is cool in my book
Fuck snl and the whole cast
Life&gt;death
Cleveland Thug gets dp’d by 2 LA studs
Joe Burrow to Cleveland
Whoa hold up where is the good at
God...frey Jones
I’m all about the paper I stack books
He’s a lock don’t worry 🐐
https://youtu.be/YYe0EMQz3ow
This is a place of business!
I hope the Raptors basketball squadron can score more goals than the other team in this sport match
And so it begins
That’s a technical foul
What kind of title is that lmao
Bruh Serge sucks at catching the ball
Get this man an Oscar
They good at ball basket
I love the atmosphere for this game
I’m more scared of the unknown tbh
That’s messed up
Like Jerry Jones and Jason Garrett
This game is fire
Solid, thick, tight
Scrappy gym rat
They couldn’t miss tonight sheesh
I wish TRoss made that dunk but that block was nasty too
Those darn magnets
Who said this lol
Good lord man that’s a dope spot
Buck Nasty
YEUGHH
That’s some high quality h20
What is the point of living
Yea wouldn’t he be like dead with that low bf lol
Damn u clicked on that pornhub ad too
I’d be down Chipotle is amazing
I was gonna say that was very pessimistic of you but then I remembered how hard Star Wars fans are to please
Ay shoutout Gangsta Gibbs
Kids wear Kyries but still think the earth is round Open your third eye sheeple
Mmm chicken tenders
Release the Snyder cut! /s
We all do RIP
Maybe one day he’ll even be h.
“There was no foul” 😬
[10]
GOAT
RIP
Very cool very legal
I wouldn’t wanna be a Bears fan either
The box says 20 or whatever minutes of 400 degrees not 2-3 minutes of 0-400 and 17 mins of 400
I guess we’ll do em a solid but they owe us one
Dobby is a free elf
I’ve been triple single for years
“Donovan Mitchell for 2!........ Now they’re saying it’s a 3”
I C O N I C
Damn this sample is wild
These are the advanced analytics I come to this sub for
That Ballmer guy is a big baller
I really hope at least one of RJ Ja or Shai are top 10 eventually I love those guys
Baba Ganoush!!
Otis and his dad look like they came straight from a Yung Lean music video shoot
“What is my purpose?” “You serve ketchup”
“You know I’m something of a Willem Defoe myself”
Idk man they’re locker room is falling apart, you see all those videos of them fighting before games? /s
God damn this show is so good. I kinda don’t wanna watch the last two episodes cause that’ll mean I have to wait another year for s3 (if it happens 😭)
There’s always Randomer. Carried on in the spirit of earlier Blawan
Nick Nurse no more McCaw PLS
What was that LMAO
Perfect form Steph Curry could never
Wheel snipe celly
That injury was a blessing in disguise for Marc after playing like a year straight lol
7/10 needs more Golden Corral
This man is clearly an intellectual
I pretty much only watch The Simpsons now
There better be a season 3 😭
I hope y’all played his greatest hits too https://youtu.be/U_hRXPJUmEY
North American House Hippo
Someone watched Sex Education recently
What the efff
BC gang
From what lol
I’m liking this tall death lineup I wanna keep going even when Fred is back
Live look at Marc 🤯
Sorry sir
I never got it till just now tbf
I got I got I got I got
Or pull a Lou Will and name it 6 lol
It’s treason then
Quite
Right up there with OG Mudbone Wu Tang
Best in the league
Those darn magnets
Wow Trae is holding the team back smh
Who dat
Baby diapers
He’s a champ and still disrespected smh Which one dropped 33 on dray in the finals
He’s also older than all of them combined
Must be nice to be Siakam rn. MIP to Champ to fat payday to all star in the span of a year
Time to trade Kermit and tank
I’m bout dat
If they lose we’ll know why
And they weren’t too found of the Allies around 1939-1945
I love Kurt
As is tradition
Build the wall and make Kawhi pay for it
Damn that was a good interview
Imagine that being your job Where do I sign up
Counts as a page click for their sponsor = more $$$
We don’t claim this man
F5 szn
Never heard of him
They won’t even make the playoffs /s
What would we get out of this deal tho
Don’t do me like that
Go team
Damn I wanna start collecting vinyl Their loss dawg
Playboi Carti diss track incoming
They had me until Raptors lol
Maybe they watched The Masked Singer
“I’m so full of myself”
How do I watch this in Canada? DC Universe isn’t available yet smh
What it do bootyyyyy
So this is what it feels like
https://mobile.twitter.com/Projectsprodigy/status/1220816174402998274?s=20&amp;utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
The guy looks like an alien Being a dope musician helps tho I guess
I’m all for team chaos
Some *Uncut Gems* -KG probably
Is there any chance Danny gets traded somewhere
He’s got nice skin it’s not fair
xoxo Gossip Girl
Calmest in the Room feat Travis Scott
Max from Minnesota incoming
I have seen the face of god
Glad we can agree on something george
That was pretty great lmao I know the sequels get a lot of flak but watching this makes me sad there will be no more Kylo Ren
I loved the ending. Still play that St James Infirmary Blues version by Jon Batiste all the time
Still would
She’s got some long ass arms
This exchange here is why I love reddit
The Imperial... March Yeah it checks out
None for me thanks
I want Lil Pump with a 40 inch vertical
🌊🌊🌊
He’s in the floor now
TD is always fouling smh
Yea idk why more coaches don’t do that smh
That’s why Pop is the GOAT
Oops
Damn I missed Tyler was watching the New Orleans Zions Where the link at
Yo is that FKA Twigs??
Ah yes that’s what Beyoncé was singing about
If I had a gf I wouldn’t be on reddit smh
U check out the sale they got goin on at the gap yet
I fw billie I don’t care
They’re ending racism
Yooooo
LOL
Damn haven’t heard this one in a long time xxxy had some good stuff
Prodigy of Mobb Deep Kobe
Yea maybe “help out” wasn’t the best choice of words but it is a good way to honour him no doubt
Was supposed to be Ape Shit
Damn he really did that
Mamba on Mamba crime
That Clippers game obviously
Thanks Obama
Time is a flat circle
*play for your freedom* 💀
*scratches neck* y’all got anymore of them albums
BIG TRUSS
Wow
Delayed from what Club Atlantis was supposed to drop like 2 years ago lol
What’s the difference, you’re their all time best seller!
They got some decent stuff like dames and hardens
I’m partial to “Home From the N.O.”
It’s a very good album
Yea why would they downgrade smh
*when you left the fridge open and somebody took your sandwich*
That’s what you get for not hailing to the chimp!
So so soon
The man went from Ariana Grande to Kate Beckinsale what a legend
This was just the kinda list I was looking for ty
Sick reference
Krusty Komedy Klassic
Look at those arms woof
They should be calling it *Toronto Mans* for extra authenticity
Bring back Make em dance Lance
Bulls
Gucci Mane
+1 for killa
Logo lizard
Reggie Shmurda
Carmelo over here
Trade harden /s
Pat McCaw
I hope blazers make the playoffs
I mean they lost to the hospital warriors it’s a vicious cycle
He can’t handle the razzmatazz hop skiddly do
We can’t have this menace in the league he’s corrupting the youth
Hark!
I’m a patriot above all else 🇨🇦
Is it possible to learn this power?
Pablo was the best day of my life
Would love to see more
They sure are high on Bam
Smokin dorts
Swedish chef over here
Same with DeRozan too lol he’s always posting cryptic song lyrics on his ig stories
Does anyone here unironically bump Antonio Brown lol. He just dropped a new one it’s low effort even by his standards You can tell the mans just bored
Damn they both nailed the east reserve list
Sixers or Celtics
I will spend all the money to get one
What did he say
Aight I’ll get the 6ers on the horn
I hope he gets paid wherever he goes he deserves it
Damn the east really runs thru the cavs huh
That was certainly a basketball game
Tinder profile material
I hope Gasol is back tomorrow
You joke but we almost dropped the game tonight
Oldest trick in the book
Oh fuk I forgot that’s today
What if you got neither
Lock for all star
We’re spoiled these days
Mad men 👍
It’s either this or Bojack Horseman 🤔
Yea lol. Only 6 more episodes left 😓
They’re just thirsty for karma and every thought is too important not to share with the world. Happens in every fresh album thread lol
Justice for the Laws of Physics
Not Klipsch that's for sure
40 co-produced FWIW
That’s weird. There’s a Chinese rap music label called 88 Rising
Yea I assumed as much
Where should I start with Griselda? Ive been playing The Plugs I Met and Westside Gunn's new album a lot lately. Not sure where to go from there I'm way behind these guys are awesome
Yikes lol hello 3 seed
Is your friend beastmode
I loved it and I want more tbh
My favourite part is him talking about the man he once loved and how he ended up losing him. Made me feel some type of way about him And then he takes Rock to the other room with the other two men
I just hope all the teams have a fun time
Portland or Grizzlies
Serge Ibaka got skinny
Search up Siakam in this sub and you'll find 100 of these exact threads rofl
Fit #1 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Got the drink in me going back to back
And he got hotter
That movie was so money
I remember being hype for this movie back in high school Excuse me while I cry
Second time I've seen these today I need em like right now
I like Crave a lot but that's a Canadian thing. We don't get HBO Max here cause they renewed their licensing with Crave
SLATTT
Shaq Diesal
Ya when it's off its way off lol. Defense always a1 tho
Suns are Bucks kryptonite lol Suns in 4
Wow Ty just got an android phone had no idea
Right after I move smh
I'm sorry the answer is "moops"
This is why I'm fat
Big Ls opening bars are so hard
LeBron
Kyle 'Maximus' Lowry
The thicc one
RIP Drew Brees is cancelled party June 4 2020 - June 5 2020
What a chump lol
REAL TRAP SHIT
Does the pawn shop guy count cause he got the most laughs for how little screen time he gets “Looks like we’ve got ourselves an old fashioned pawn shop waffle iron bidding war”
Uh racism
Officer Scraps from the Simpsons
Mavericks / Raptors. Also Pacers / Raptors Clippers/Lakers season opener
I miss his old stuff from Hessle/Hemlock/R&amp;S etc
Lucky guy
There's a ton of players from other teams protesting too
"They called me Kid Gorgeous. Later on, it was Kid Presentable. Then Kid Gruesome. And finally, Kid Moe."
He's got the kavorka
Those all star jerseys were way better than this year
Look at his new ig post he's jacked as fuk
I hope op was fired for that blunder
Man from nowhere A bittersweet life
Go Raptors 🏆
Cam to Sixers confirmed
Aye yaaaa
Nothing is original here
"so I took it personally"
Hells bells Trudy!
Sixers one rofl
T____T
This is relevant to my interests
Even the filler is good lol u just gotta be in the right mood cause it's so varied in style
Kyle Lowry is hotttt
Throw some Drizzy in there and baby you got a stew goin
I can't see explicit on Spotify either
Halo Infinite
Listen to Flashing Lights by Kanye 100 times in a row to unlock this achievement
Y'all need to at least get rid of those green and blue ones rofl
I lay pipe left and right like JR Smith ...
Hell yeah
Good show lol
"and Nigel's parents have a real good marriage"
I need purple to happen T___T
For a sub named hip hop heads this place is lacking 2pac love today
Real lunch pail kinda team
He's the Raptors 17th man. Need him to get Mike Budenholzer fired up again
Imma start my own league... With blackjack... And hookers!
🤷
Damn I havent heard this one in yrs
Morris v Morris Double Trouble in the Bubble
He's huge lol
He signed an extension I'm sure he's more than fine being there
Truman Show vibes
I'm going for Tenet and that's it
Welcome to Travis for the past few years
Y'all look so different!
Their only argument is sales rofl
Gym rat
I don't wanna be a homer but he is the greatest to ever touch a basketball
Well ya
Bojan gave LeBron depression
JuJu from the Steelers too and got shot down
Back to back baby
Uhhh what had no idea this was coming out
ITS DOLPH 🐬🐬🐬
YEZZIR
I know a couple in Vancouver alone lol
Jesus
Wew lad
Yes
I'm too high for this shit
Kanye bear
I'm James Harden and you're watching the History Channel
Super 8 was a dope movie
Jesus Christ
