What kind of pokemon is that in the middle?
Do dolls dream of eldritch sheeps?
I think we hugged the site to death.
They are replacing it, namely NDN.
I think at this point we at the moon, compare to where we started. Next stop: Mars.
Wonder if face recognition still works.
Those ears are huge!
Define a "higher" sense of purpose. And is the matric culturally relatively?
Yeah Ludwig on NG+ is hard. I was in the same boat as you are amd died over 30+ times to him before I could learn his moves well enough. The higher attack power with extra health was just crazy. On the other hand I found Ook to be (relatively) easy, got him in 14 tries. Laurence on the other hand took me 40+ and I stopped counting after that.
Yes, naked dodging is the only way.
Darwinism to ensure only competent players get to level up in this pvp server.
Hostility goes both ways, unless one of us is a zen master. I'm not one. Not to mention it's easy for someone to judge on the side line, as they don't have to deal to the comments I received (that I somewhat deserved). Let this die. I did, and so should you - as it concerns you not.
Cool, thx! Now if only I can convince my friends to all play on pc...
Almost enough heat to kickstart a star.
I bought WoW... I raid.
Flying spaghetti monster!
Funny thing is Fromsoft was already making "3D" games back in early 90's. King's Field was their first game and it came out in 94. First full 3D game was Armored Core and it came out in 97.
Long may the sun shine!
Perfect. We should start setting up protest tours by recruiting from /r/2meirl4meirl and /r/roastme , and various 4chan boards. If they failed, they win. If they win, we win.
That'd also send steong messages, but no. Just protest and raise concerns "normally" and the government will finish the job, like the article suggested.
You are right, but it *is*. If we have influence of those governments, it wouldn't be like this. But we don't.
Dunno about new, but different.
/
Don't ask me, ask yourself.
You don't need my answer, you already have one. So there's nothing to discuss, only actions are required.
You can coordinate those questions with the right group of people. And you can find them easily eith just a few searches.
I do my part locally, but mostly I observe.
As I said, you can find what to do easily online. There's enough data there.
That's a view from a high horse. People get drunk for many reasons, but mainly is just to have fun. Who are we to judge how and why they have fun? We can only control ourselves, and remember, no one asks us to "save" them.
Because printing and smelting physical currency is cheaper/greener than cryptomining, that's why this piece of info got mentioned so much, right guys?
Not the point of the argument and not relevant to energy usage. It's like saying most cars and machines uses oil/gas, so we can justify continue usage of gas and forget about green energy.
That "theater" room is acoustically atrocious. Room scaling is wrong, speaker placement is wrong, acoustic treatment is none. Not to mention the unnecessarily cramped seating. Everything else is pretty on point tho.
I want to see Mob vs Tatsumaki
Buy a house.
Exactly. Too much sound in a room can be a very bad thing. And all those stone will be horrible(or too good) for reverbs. Unless, of course, the speakers are just props and actual sound comes out from a few tiny in-wall speakers...
But the full Shadow Die Twice reveal tho.
Love this Ninja Slayer crossover: https://dragonith.deviantart.com/art/MH4U-Meownster-Slayer-531508538 Edit: fixed link.
Every move can be argued as a selfish move. Ultimately, why did you think that was a good move? Even if it's altruistic, it's still a selfish move because altruism makes you feel good - by benefiting others, your own ego was satisfied. I gave up on the notion of judging whether an act is selfish or not.
Rent is fucked.
But a typical Hong Kong lady would say: "The malls here are boring! And the food is expensive and lame. I'd rather go to Seoul/Tokyo/Bangkok/etc."
This looks awesome. Can we take it without any experience in rust?
It's not even related to pleasure. My argument is that it's always ego. Say someone decided to do something completely altruistic - died to save the lives of others. That's good, but why did he do it? If that person did it because he thought it's the right thing to do - that's ego. He chose to act on his belief. The element of "self" is written all over that decision. If he just did it "without thinking" - then it's because he wouldn't have done any other action, it was just an automatic respond. And this is the case that is arguably non egotistical, but if we dig down deeper into psychology, we can still argue that the impulse for doing that act is stronger, thus still a selfish respond, as in it really comes from the core of the "self" in a way that overrided the act of thinking. Thus, selfish.
You are kinda right, but within context, the quote was talking about selfish acts, and so the self is relevant to that view. Also, I'd argue that self can exist without full control. All it takes is awareness.
Yup, the cleanest people I know - Thais and Japaneses. And that's also one of the reasons Japanese companies prefer to open branches on Thailand due to many cultures similarities, such as the use of honorifics.
Some of the products are worth more than gold per ounces.
More like a Japanese tengu mask.
That one oddly strong titanite demon at the bottom can go fuck himself tho.
Yeah, all the great setup for CoD. MLG much?
There's one room with 3 of them, and I think it was the middle one that just somehow has higher level.
I feel like I saved something somehow somewhere.
Serval?
Murphy's stout? It's alright. But if it's on tap and it's fresh then it's kinda good. Otherwise you're not missing out much.
"Someone thinks I'm getting the train off."
I want a larger size version so I can set it as my dynamic desktop.
Legal to pet or legal to own as a pet? They are always legal to pet :) But to own as a pet, it depends on the state laws. More info here (scroll down to 3): http://www.wideopenpets.com/10-exotic-pets-and-where-they-are-legal-to-own/
This. Is. Amazing.
Yes, the state of zen of the hunt, also known as the moment. Just be. Edit: I can't type
"The answer is meow. No seriously Mark, I'm a flying cat. What did you expect?"
The best kind of sidequest makes you level up IRL.
Many people are uncomfortable with themselves and most of them never found out the real reasons. But when you have a whole culture and economy built upon "friendship", "romance" and "partying/celebration", no wonder we'd have a group of people who never learnt to tolerate themselves.
Nah, to players like myself, the struggle is the fun. The harder, the better.
Bed of Chaos
To hell with the damn gundams, give us sentient AI that we can marry!
Their music wasn't even niche, it's just sounds like bad production/composition to me. Also crappy audio engineering and recording too. Most of that is not their fault, but then they should know better.
Yeah, I don't think their food alone justifies the award. Must be one of those "cultural importance" thing. But even then I still don't think they deserve it over many other places. Which leads me is believe the whole James Beard award maybe BS.
It's more about lag and netcode than hitbox...
lol when the player zoomed in on Oceiros wwwww
Just because something is highly regarded doesn't mean it's not BS. Depending on the region, some Michelin stared restaurants can be very commercialized and not worth that star. But otherwise I agree with everything else you said.
Why use water-butter mix instead of pure butter? Is that due to potentially burning the butter? My friend has done pure butter before - it came out looking/tasting a but burnt but otherwise okay, but I assume he could have kept the temperature lower next time to avoid burning.
Hang it from the ceiling.
Implying eth isn't also run by big banks.
My theory is that greed is the biggest motivator behind big banks, does that make sense? So if there's money in it, the big banks will do it. Note these are the guys that have divisions to trade in wine and cigars. If outsiders like us can think of ways to get into crypto and make money, there's no reason to presume that the big banks haven't already figured that out. Remember, it's their job to be greedy.
Yes, Soulsbourne definitely understand rewards well.
Which mission is that? Armored Core 1 is still one of my fav games, but that was a ling time ago and I don't remember the details.
That's classic Fromsoft tho. Remember Anor Londo in DkS1? They could have made a way bigger map than what was playable, as the assets showed that there's a whole city below where we played. But Fromsoft is like - nah you guys don't need all that fillers, here're the best parts.
Woah, quality! Dig that style!
Thanks for the thoughtful reply! What about the brightness comparison between the HP and Lenovo?
What, you got problem with those low poly jugs?
If I drink it I'd have diarrhea that splits the clouds.
I'm going to an optometrist first so I can make sure I get it right.
It's still 90 shots. Wouldn't somewhere like more than 10~20 shots be reasonable? That means there were a lot of police and they kept firing even after the suspect went down, because I simply can't see how anyone would take 90 shots and still be standing. Edit: didn't know it was 90 shots at a moving target at night. That makes a bit more sense. Also for whatever reason I double posted, although my browser said it failed to post both times. Whatever.
They surprisingly are. I bought a homeless guy a sandwich a few weeks back, and I ate my sandwich together with him so we talked over the meal. He recently just came from Anaheim, but before that he was in Oregon and it got too cold there (and rained too much) so he moved. He's only going to be in town for few more weeks and will move to another place. There's a will, there's a way.
There's nothing to learn. If people buy them, the devs will keep making them. And also this is made by a competent dev, so it shouldn't be horrible.
Siegstein Ornward.
Oh, shame. Thanks!
I don't have a hardcopy that does vr porn...
At this rate, you might be able to make a full compendium of NPCs before the remaster hits :)
Prepare to post :)
Link to the first part?
Github was never open sourced.
You know what... If MOON strat doesn't work, we should try the reverse strat - FLOOR! Fuck it, to the floor!
Do androids fart of electric flatulence?
More like starting a new r34 fetish like what happened to Earth chan.
Lady Bird The Perks of Being a Wallflower
The title described the picture tho, wtf?
Makes sense they use Country Road as the theme song then.
Here's the 4chan leak for reference: https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/417902596/ Looks like the level design is more open world and there will be some interesting PvP mechanics (invade the world of another player and gain control of a mob but with power up). The weather and day/night system that changes enemies is cool too. But that may make farming for items much more tedious... Unless they fit their bloody drop rates. Super excited. ALL ABROAD THE HYPER TRAIN!
Copy-pasta from my other comment: Here's the 4chan leak for reference: https://boards.fireden.net/v/thread/417902596/ Looks like the level design is more open world and there will be some interesting PvP mechanics (invade the world of another player and gain control of a mob but with power up). The weather and day/night system that changes enemies is cool too. But that may make farming for items much more tedious... Unless they fit their bloody drop rates. Super excited. ALL ABROAD THE HYPER TRAIN!
They are the publisher, Fromsoft makes this.
Interesting anime but depressing. Every character has some issues and I also don't like the tropes the writer used. "Oh I hate this man despite him raising me from a child to adult and provide me with everything I need, because my mom was nuts and killed herself in an accident. And now I'm going to be a crazy bitch with a hidden package too! Bet you can't see that coming!" The plot development is also very standard and follow templates... The show is well made and has high quality. But I just can't enjoy the plot nor the characters. 7.5/10.
Case in point: /r/kidsarefuckingstupid Do you want to be responsible for a kid that cries until 3am because it stayed up passed its bed time playing games, so then its cortisol kept it up but also stressed it out so it became a hellspawn? To be fair, yeah we are responsible for their character development in the long run. But the dumb things they do? Fuck I can't even stop myself from doing stupid shit sometimes, good luck "being responsible" for your kids stupid shits.
/r/supermodelcats
According to the current light novel meta, this guy is going to reincarnate and become super OP in the next life.
When "the best is yet to come" played, I just sat there listen to it for a bit. Then I kept restarting the stage because I wanted to look at Snake's 8bit face and wanted to listen to the music agsin. I had a "tiresome" look on my face for the rest of the day. Until the next day when I saw the those little furry friends again, which melted my frozen heart.
Each time this got reposted the compression got worse.
The kick back on this gun may just rip my hand off.
Based Miyazaki is based.
Nah that's the best. Gives you that extra twitchy speed while having the lightest grip necessary.
...I want dis.
/r/kittenmittens
Maybe we can arrange a global boycott day by not playing the game for 1 day and see how that goes. ...nah who I am kidding no one can resist playing fortnight, am I right?
/r/comedynecrophilia &lt;- this way
When the source compression is already high but the capture still uses png to preserve fidelity...
Not new, the full translation has been posted before.
lol think you might have missed an item. But yeah otherwise just take your time in dealing with them... And oh, not locking onto them helps.
Don't think Turbo Kid belongs to the group of light hearted funky films, as it's story is quite bleak. I'd suggest Toxin Avenger instead.
Maybe at least wait til the post left front page before reposting?
&gt;I love this *rage* post
Yeah, no one is denying that right. You phrase it like Fromsoft is forcing the players to buy a game they don't want like they paid for a subscription or a shit kickstarter or something. But this is an non-issue that shouldn't even need to be mentioned.
...so a game is bad because it divides the players? Wow, I mean, just wow. That's some next level reason that I can't compete with. You win, bravo.
There's no prize, but there's no winning condition. It is also not a game, it's a simulation. Exist, or cease to be, those are the only conditions.
Repeated distribution can maintain the same quality. This is more like Degenerate Distribution.
When even stabbot doesn't respond...
Random rand = new Random(); int what = rand.nextInt(); int the = rand.nextInt(); int fuck = rand.nextInt(); for(int i =0; i &lt; 50; i++) { if(what + the - fuck == 1) { x = x + 1; } else{ what = rand.nextInt(); the = rand.nextInt(); fuck = rand.nextInt()} } I'm still a noob so if you know a cleaner way to do this let me know... Like maybe using lambda? Edit: 5% more neat
Yes I know DeS. I played it when it first came out. Hell, my From game was Armored Core, and have been in love with this company ever since.
Sorry, I still don't see what you mean. Do you mind typing out the part on how to use it?
Oh I see, so this way it's easier to test/debug for negative numbers. However, my intend is to write something that is horribly unoptimized and stupid. But still, the "x + y - z ==1" is unnecessary, I like your reasoning better :)
[*Boat rocking intensifies*]
Don't think that was the case for DkS release. I have always been a Fromsoft fan so I was one of those those played DeS during launch, and later helped to translate materials for DkS before it even saw English/global release. If you search my username for those older DkS threads you'd see some of my posts.
And there's a prequel to the prequel of prequel: Chapter 1: Establishing team code standard
The first rule of Chinese Censorship - you don't talk about Chinese Censorship.
Also note: in Archdargon's Peak we can see both the Sun and the Moon.
/r/comedycemetary
You are not alone, friend. I've been down a similar path but with DeS. Anyway, some general advice is to keep up with exercises, or at least walk for 15 mins everyday and get some sunlight. Check out /r/eood for more. And /r/meditation too. Both have been proven to work wonders. There are also some videos on the same topic of how Soulsborne is strangely therapeutic: https://youtu.be/viP4psS3MUQ https://youtu.be/yAvBGtgnWcc https://youtu.be/ExAT42tE4Qk Best of luck!
no u
OP, pls consider x-post to /r/wimmelbilder
Bro butt
His face is like "wtf I didn't ask for this."
Yup, but mostly it's due to maintenance cost, and also potential falling hazard during typhoon seasons. Both issues are related to maintenance... Anyway, these types of neon lights are expensive as they have to be hand made, and they don't last long. Worse is that most neon light makers are retiring, thus driving the cost higher. Watch this short documentary for more: https://youtu.be/e5po0u3HLTg
Yup, knew it's that location in CWB.
Oh too bad. Guess it died young.
Looks like it was carved out of a single piece of wood, which mean no moving parts and hence easier to preserve. Edit: fixed typos so it reads less retarded
Fuck off Gelato of Riverdancing.
Saw hin playing in Tucson of all places earlier this year. Can confirm still beast.
[Tank!] (https://youtu.be/n2rVnRwW0h8)
For those interested, check out Tapped, a documentary on the effect of bottled water: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tapped_(film)
There are some sudden transitions, like the last orange bit. If there's some smoother transition to it I think it'd be perfect.
The joke is that you haven't tried kalih box switches yet... If you like clicky.
Nope, that's what the sugar is for. The other liquid is green tea.
/r/comedycemetery
Ballmer peak is slippery.
Aww she's a cutey.
Or you've been tasked to write test cases for codes that no one knows why it works.
Holy shit new Androcell!
Now go back and fight Souls of Cinder again. Maybe you'll notice something you didn't before.
Good style, looks like something we'd see in a medieval fiction.
Nah he's Robert Downey Jr.
*u w u*
If pvp isn't already messy and unbalanced enough...
Start with Dark Souls Remastered. Or Demons' Souls if you have PS3 or can do emulation. Work your way through and maybe skip DK2. If you have a PS4, then add Bloodborne to your list.
The child didn't get hurt badly. Besdies, It's a good thing for the kids to learn to get up themselves.
Add more entropy.
The second phrase says "cousin" instead of "big brother."
Yeah it'd be silly to do it while standing.
Aaaaaaaaaaaa
Aqua Man in his teenage years... Aqua Teen? Hope he's not hungry too.
And most of the time they don't.
Good stuff! ...andholy shit aol.com. Haven't seen this in a while.
If we don't text them? Phone calls or video conferencing, I guess ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
SUCKING
Flamboyant
So civilized, meoch wow.
Sol also shouldn't be a virgin. He got ~~married~~ Aria ffs. Edit: accuracy
Same. What really turned me off was the Wicked Eyes and Wicked Hearts. The whole arch not only felt like some shitty high school drama, worse, it felt like it was written by a high school student. I mean yeah I get it, politics and shit. But I didn't sign up for warden/inquistor duty so I can play drama queen. It's frustrating because the time travel plot for ~~mage class~~ mage vs templar quest was pretty cool. But then we got flipped into bullshit that doesn't care about our class/history. Edit: correction
Aye true. Corrected my post.
It's not bad by itself. The problem is that I couldn't stand it thematically, nor in terms of game design (story telling). As a quick comparison, in Mass Effect, having seen only a glimpse of the destructive power of the Reapers (that wasn't fully confirmed) was enough to get many political powers on board. While we did have to do favors for some races/individuals, most of them made sense as they were each struggling with some real threats (e.g. fighting a war). Us solving those threats really made it special, because those conflicts couldn't have been solved by someone else, it had to be us (sup Mordin). Now in DAI... Even after the world witnessed the problem and the power of the evil that we must fight, what do the leaders do? Get together to discuss if they should even bother. That's fine, okay, maybe they have good reasons? Nope. Most of them are "I don't want to help because my dog is sick. If you can find a cure for my dog then I'll support you." Really, this required an inquisitor's time and effort and it just had to be us? In my headcanon, my Inquisitor was so disgusted by the level of wickedness that he decided to give up on this country and simply moved on to do something else. In my evaluation, this is the failure of instilling sense of agency and care into the player. And that, is the problem in game design, which when coupled with the vast, empty, open world and uninteresting (imo) npcs, I just stopped caring. If you enjoyed the game, good for you and keep playing! For me, there are better ways to spend my time.
That's true, in this sense our actions /decisions changed the quest line, which isn't an option for WEWH.
...You know both of them have been in the same room, right?
Let me offer something a bit different: 1. New Hitman series Want to find short cuts and discover secrets? Well you've got yourself a set of beautiful playgrounds. 2. Horizon Zero Dawn Fluid and precise combat, kinda like souls but open world. 3. Nier Automata The combat isn't as precise but it's fun. Great story too. 4. Metal Gear Solid series If you're just looking for action heavy games, check out Metal Gear Rising. I'd also highly recommend 1~4 with 5 being optional. 5. Doom (2016) The developers were inspired by Bloodborne. Very visceral and aggressive, with many secrets to discover.
lol naan, funky name.
But why is your face so sad? Oh you are not sad? You mad? Sorry, it was just a joke. Why so serious? Look, if everything gets a free pass just because it's a joke, then we don't need comedians.
Also very little resolution is required for a jpg.
So what's your kill, fuck, marry?
Hey, they announced CTR and Outer World, showed more Rage 2 along with some other cool games. It's not that bad IMO. No Fromsoft but at least we know the game is coming out soon. Edit: also there's the remake of Stanley Parable, one of my fav games of all time.
Yyyyeeeeeeaaaahhhhh
Permanent SL1 run.
&gt;Sometimes the truth is complicated Indeed, which is why we have [Hickam's dictum] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hickam%27s_dictum). Tbh I've never like Occam's razor as it's usually misused/abused. Anyine quoting Occam's razor as a determining factor automatically fails the scientific process in my book.
Continues to be overrated and overhyped then. Meh.
Touhou party...
It's already linked.
The keyword is "likely." The problem is that it's just "likely" with no base of quanitfiable estimation nor even margin of error. Just "likely" or "maybe" or "should be." That's about as unscientific as common-sense.
Nah, no one cares about you that much. Liberating, isn't it? https://abstrusegoose.com/603
&gt;The problem is that it's just "likely" with no base of **quanitfiable estimation nor even margin of error.** Yes, science is about likelihood, but usually it's liklihood with educated estimations, i.e. this finding has 95% ± 3% chance of refuting the null hypothesis as a non-random event. Or that it has 0.00001% chance of being random. These numbers when put in paper are not something people pulled out of their asses, they are based on logic and math. Occam's Razor features no such rigoursness. It's just a more convenient way of saying "doesn't look right to me because it's too complicated."
That was an interesting read, thanks!
Arrggh, what's the song! I need source to the song! Edit: found it! [La Manzanita by Chicano Batman] (https://youtu.be/1YPcDhSSrP0)
It's not carcinogenic, but it is dirty. Try this: Collect some snow, put the snow in a container, let it melt. If you have microscope, take a sample of the snow water and check it out. I bet the snow water would look pretty dirty. We don't drop our greens onto the ground, let it cover in filth and then smoke it. So why do this? It's so much better to use our own crusted ice instead.
Is that the VA from DkS3's Fire Maiden (also from DeS)?
Most likely our immune system took care of the filth... But knowingly drink dirty water is something that we usually avoid, because all it takes is one case of nasty pathogen then it'd suck. But yeah in most cases we'd be fine.
x-post to /r/comedyCemetery and see what they think.
Fiber won't save your ass given enough scoville units. The brown star basically becomes a portal to hell.
[You're not OP :P] (http://imgur.com/gallery/icOcf)
Hope this will set some precedence for hefty fines... And hopefully jail time. But I won't hold my breathe on this.
Oh cool, didn't know. But if you don't want people to review the result of your work then why create this type of work? Just for fun?
The top layer is usually cleaner but not always.
If you can't stomach the uncertainty, don't get in.
What's he holding?
What helix?
No he's a bastard
Should have seen that coming haha
Pretty sure Ike would have shot half of the GOP "hardcore-military supporters" dead if he were alive today.
/r/nocontext
I can't figure out how to use Monster Zero. It says it should yave 3k dmg but it'd take 3 hits to destroy a teleportation tower/pylon on Normal, where it'd usually go down with a quick burst of low level phalanx which would be about 1~2k dmg. Is there a optimal range o use it? Or is it just a problem with the Zero version?
WD is my fav class in EDF5. In addition to the hit and run tactics, another important role for WD is to act as bait/target of bosses, i.e. Queen Ant. If you read any of the Japanese wiki, basically they all agree that WD is for "mobility tanking" because if you are good with your controls, you won't get hit in most situations. On Inferno pretty much no one can afford to get hit. I'm not at that level yet but I've tanked single Queen Ants multiple times while my team mates just focus on clearing and dealing damage. Of course I'd attack to keep the aggro too but that's not difficult. I could do two Queens but I'd need shelter. Another role of WD is to pick up drops. No one can scan the battlefield as well as WD so a team should always have at least one WD to maximize drop pickup. Finally, you'd need to learn your charge rate and energy performance. There will be times thst you'd be waiting for the full energy, other times you'd just learn to use the emergency charge rate without overheating. These are all skills you'd learn by playing.
Good shit! Digging this album so far.
Thanks, I was wondering if the description was reason for the terrible performance, or was it the same for all monster type since I haven't got to lvl 15 drops yet. Lvl 14 rn so I'm close. Been trying to catch up my online progress with offline play, so it takes me longer.
That's just Eric Cartman in his cosplay, you can't fool me!
I don't think she enjoy what peace is, let alone what meditation really means.
Because they are all part of FiveEyes: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Eyes
Miyazaki: "How do we git new players gud? Hmm... Oh, I have an idea."
*Just Do I't!* -Shi'a LeBeouf
Toss *** My *** Salad
Boof means something else...
Catberg is in...
The whole tree would be red...
It's okay. Some mixes felt too forced.
Holy shit that was cool. Love the parallel panels! Great work!
Noodle!
Fuck malaise.
Armored Core VR dating sim!
Ebriestas was my bane too. Some players can just smash her face in easily but I struggled against her for many hours. Anyway, congrats, and onwards! The preys are not gonna hunt themselves.
Yeah gotta save up those calories for winter... Go Wildcats!
An OG phycological horror game. The term Blood Echo in Bloodborne came from the Echoes in Echo Night, as Echo meant the will/spirit of the past. Edit: what am I getting downvote for?
Calling it now - 3D Dot Game Heroes 2!
One Appearance Man
Is India the new China? Nah, they don't mine much.
Because Blockchain != Crypto.
What SCP is this?
Japan isn't expensive compare to the US or many parts of Europe. Also Jazz always has a following, like classical or metal.
That's arguing the semantics tho. Yes we need some sort of token, but it doesn't have to be a currency or even tradable. It just need to be trackable... But there's already build-in feature of blockchain.
I agree with oken/value. But it doesn't need to be a currency (which implies it's exchangeable/tradable).
That's a much better read. I'm surprised it took them that long to realize some interviews questions are just flat out stupid. But better late than never, right? &gt;Ultimately, the goal of a hiring process is to bring great people into the team or company — to make sure they’re a fit and will succeed, and to create a great experience for them so they want to join. Really like this bit too. Sometimes it feels like the companies forgot the purpose of hiring, and simply setting uo another gate keeping layer for the I-am-very-smart people.
This is the kinda post I like to see more of, instead of someone who is already well build went and did a more intense training for 3 months and post as "progress."
Yeah baby talk dirty to me.
"See this, human? I made this." "If you offer treats to me, I shall allow you to boop my subject."
Congrats! One of the design principles of Fromsoft games is that Miyazaki hinself has to be able to complete the game, and he's not good at action games. Naturally, there will be ways to overcome most obstables, be it items, leveling, or strategies. Learn, adapt, and win. I also love the feeling of improvements as I slowly become better, and I take my time with NG because there's only one chance to experience the game fresh.
Omg when it noms it's back foot!
/u/gifreversingbot
&gt;Dude fucking cats man. Woah, phrasing! But yeah cats are great.
I think it's Filipino, but I'm not sure. Please make a comment on the language if you know.
Holy shit! Never knew these two performed together! This is the best of internet for me today.
Username checks out.
Yup, /r/mildyInfuriating too.
[Ugochukwu - Windows 95] (https://youtu.be/6eyHxGcSc_o)
Sometimes the explanation in this sub is better than the ones my professors gave... You know, people I paid a ton of money to get an education from. It's both depressing and also super cool.
I won't trust the hammock with a shelf full of plants behind it tho.
PSA: backup your saves!
Which should be the standard for wage increase, bu here everyone shouts "commies" and ignores that fact that everyone is worse off.
If boof, then no stomach issues.
Weight is a big factor. Glass is heavy... At least if you want the glass holding the beverage to be strong enough to not shatter on the slightest shake so it could withstand transportation.
It really isn't as dangerous as most people here made it sound tho. The carts are tuned down, and the people follow a guide, who will set the speed for the group. And also, it's not like every other driver on the road are trying to kill these people. I'm honestly surprised by the amount of negativity blasting the company. Every time I go to Tokyo people on the carts and they always have these stupidly happy grin on their faces... And I'd love to try it someday but my schedule has not allow me to yet. Sure, safety is important, but these are people know the risk they are in. Next you are going to tell me that going skydiving is dangerous and the companies should be banned too! Over emphasize on safetiness, and that's how we end up with a society that every children's playground where everything is "child-proofed", that every pool has to have guard rails, that every product has safety warning lists longer than the actual manual. I sense astroturfing, that, or the majority of people here really got some issues.
These people are adults, yes? We trust them to perform their normal daily functions and not screw up, just like they trust you to function, yes? So why is it that when it comes to being responsible for their own safety, suddenly we should take away the ability to make the decisions from them? If people want to hurt themselves, there's nothing we can do, because they will find a way. If these people know what they are getting into, and is following rules accordingly, is it really our place to stop them? And I thought the US embraces freedom. I guess it's not regular freedom, but Freedom^(TM) .
Am I missing an insider joke? 2017 is 2 years ago.
So these guys are dangerous to other people in those karts, but every other driver on the road driving with hundreds if not thousands of pounds heavier machines are not? We regular things according to the threats they pose. Sure, a kart hitting some kid could do some serious damage, but that's nothing compare to even the lightest car on the road. And if you are telling me that the drivers on the road behave "nicely" because they are licensed, then either you don't drive, or you are very naive about human nature.
It goes to both.
Do you really think it's just CO2 in that canister?
Elite Bombardiers can go die in a dumpster fire.
If that's how you define it then something will always overshadow another thing. Like the "best" restaurant in town overshadows another, even though they serve different food. The "best" album overshadows another, even though they are different genre.
There will always be bias tho - asking people to not to be bias is like asking everyone to have an open mind. Want to guess how well that will work?
Reddit karma doesn't count, period.
Meanwhile in Costa Rica: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/bwx0w5/costa_rica_doubled_its_forest_cover_in_just_30
If facts can't persuade people, how do you expect non-facts like taste/art (ala anime) to influence people? We are seeing the study I linked in action first hand. I hope you are having a great day.
Works the same for general problem solving as much, i.e. math.
Beat me up, Scotty.
God damnit why is it so cute I'm melting
That pair of speakers...
And all the pics were taken on a potato...
You know, that'd kinda parallel with the Souls games except BB
no u
Wraps are stupid. Change my mind.
Which is why 100% of technical analysis is invalid.
Huh? Nightmare of Mensis is well made, and doesn't lack any details.
I have an opposite conclusion from my own experience and reading /r/bloodborne posts tho. Nightmare Frontier isn't that good, but NoM is pretty much got everything it needs - multiple shortcuts and hidden areas. It's bigger than Cainhurst AND Upper Cathedral combined ffs. But whatever.
Are you Touka from The Legendary Hero is Dead?
Genos &gt; Iron Meh.
True, but Stark is kinda an asshole, which was why/how Stan Lee made him, as Lee wanted to see if people would like a rich asshole as an hero (turns out they do). Personally, I think Genos is more likable. His arc against the meteor was amazing and shows more heart than most plots of Iron Man.
Looks great but I dunno if I'll ever be able to play/enjoy another modern Tales of game again. The grinding elements that infested modern jrpg is what kills it for me. It used to be each town has just a few side quests you do, and rarely have to revisit dungeons; but now it's a few *dozen* side quests and you'd need to return to most dungeons, sometimes multiple times in order to get the secrets... That's not mentioning having to track long side quests that spans multiple chapters and towns so you'll be travelling a lot. I love that when the whole game has only 1~2 like that (ToD, ToP, etc). But now there's like one in every town. Like, seriously? I hope Arise will have less of those time sink elements, but more substances. Edit: typos
lol it's cool. It's kinda a waste tho considering the originals probably look a lot nicer.
Mild Average.
Great game. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of heart and tech (so many mini-games) that went into it.
Oh I can see where you are coming from. I was also clinically depressed and it took me almost a decade to "recover." But now that I'm comfortable with myself, I looked at the "darker" plots as they are - they are description of the troubles of a mind that resonant with us - and that speaks to me about the quality of the writing. The best thing, IMHO, is that they (the writers/characters) don't judge. I didn't have anyone to turn to when I was down, and seeing that at least some of the characters got some support makes me smile. But yeah, if someone is uncomfortable about their inner turmoils, this can be a bit overwhelming at times, although they usually resolve it well. I had plenty of cringe moments while playing too, but those are good cringe? I think? 😅 Think about some of the "greatest books" like the Great Gatsby or Death of a Salesman. The main characters in those books aren't always likable - and sometimes, that's on purpose. Edit: a word
Well jeez, I didn't expect that. I'd imagine someone working in mental health would not be so easily triggered. If you are having a rough day, I hope it'll get better.
Nah, there's no removal since those shops cannot be build in the first place. Also I don't think any part of HK looks like the screenshot, not even the remote regions.
Nah, don't trust those tears. Narcissists are good at self victimizing and would make you think everything they've done are for you... But the reality is that they can only think about themselves. Not saying she's at fault or anyone is right, just saying it's better to stay neutral and not be so quick to judge without context.
You are all breathtaking!!!
Really? If someone has been toxic, the other person shouldn't feel joy that they finally get out of a problematic relationship? Guess we'll just have to agree to disagree then.
We need plot... On the inside!
[Casual'd]
Well it's building off of an existing fan base who have faith in Fromsoft... And now add fans for GRRM, we have the formula for a perfect storm. The fog's just lifting...
I'm saying we should stay neutral. Sounds like you have other things in mind more than just the picture tho. Whatever, have a good day.
Good vid and great production as always.
My body is so fucking ready. Also I guess we'll be scrutinizing every word of the interview and make memes with them to quench our addiction for more hype.
Fromsoft arpg style.
Your shit will float too!
Cut off too early! Needs to see "You are all awesome!"
That guy is not a waiter, he's actually the owner of the place. The place is Tung Po in North Point, in Hong Kong. One of the most awesome place for local Hong Kong style food, but the restroom can be fucking disgusting. Source: I went there many times. And the owner is super chill and friendly.
Not enough views? yes, Underrated? no. If anything I felt both versions to be overrated imo.
Everyone focuses on the grill but I think the shattered ring makes a better wallpaper smh.
Next time, just say "yes" :) For more, see /r/inclusiveOR
That we helped created. Rejoice!
Sounds like some kinda dessert someone in Tempa sells.
I'm not into GOT. But that idea dates even back further, like the movie Merlin starring Sam Neill.
Meh
Nope, Sheung Wan: 永興膠袋 114 Jervois St, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong https://maps.app.goo.gl/eWWLUBpZc62zqHE18
/Shrugs But then you can say that about anyone who stands in the front. If they are old then they are kind to young ones. If they are young then kind to elders. I support the protesters but the story that the picture tells on the surface doesn't match the title. I get what you are trying to do, and I like it, but it needs to actually show - or at least hint at - the context.
The thing is, Eclipse itself is fine... Not great, but fine, tolerable. But then everytime trying to upgrade it is basically a hazard, and sometimes it can just decides to shit the bed and gets corrupted. Meh.
Aaaawwwoooo
I mean if a certain sword saint can pull a gun...
Yeah I pretty much the same experience. So glad to see more support for Java on VSCode.
It's going to happen regardless in 2047. There was really no need for the push for extradition to begin with.
Yeah seriously, IDK how Eclipse performance is all over the place.
Eclipse did a few things right. The code slection and syntax highlighting are usually better thsn others. But then they lose out in other areas, mainly in usability and customization.
Better than "read this book to learn how to read more books."
Fighting is stupid. Protect and negotiate, like civilized people we are.
Can someone copy the tweet here? It's keeps showing error and ~~get~~ can't read the link
Yeah shibas love to run around all day, that was their job to chase away critters and monkeys when guarding the fields/gardens.
To shreds you say?
My point is that the word "fight" inherently means violence. Remember the slogan during the Umbrella Movement was "Protect/Defend HK?" That's why it remained one of the biggest and most peaceful protest. If people don't stop to think about the meaning of the words that they are using, then brain washing has already completed.
Oh I was excited for Boichi... Then I remember for some reason he never got an anime adaptation.
Creating conflict to divert attention is the whole point. Ask for equal pay? It's now gender awareness. Ask for inflation as minimum income raise? Suddenly it's about boomers vs millennials. Ask for retirement/health benefits? It's a full on capatism with patriotism against communism. So many straw mens, and few seems to understand that Economy isn't a zero-sum game only.
Well in his defense he recovered from being shot 9 times...
Yooooooo! OP I think you are onto something...
How do you prevent the water from getting stale? Do you add water occasionally to balance the evaporation? Also, do you add any nutrients?
"You must be shapeless, formless, like piss. When you pour piss in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour piss in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour piss in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Piss can drip and it can crash. Be like piss my friend." -*Bruce Pee*
A lot of football pros game tho. In fact, a lot of pro athletes game.
Yeah, right?
Seriously, this vid needs audio!
Are we starting a new trend? I support this!
This is x-posted from there.
Yes I do. You got a problem with that?
That's not how crashes work. When a crash happens, everything goes down. Just go back and look at any of the major crashes. Nothing is safe, even oil and gold.
Real hackers use Calculator.
Let me explain why the whole market crashes and there will be no exception: Market starts crashing, someone, call him Jim, (or institution, whatever) has a bull option that he borrowed with $100. Guess what, his bull option is now worthless and he needs to come up with $100 to pay at the end of the month. The logical next step is to sell whatever is the most liquid that is worth something, right? So then he got his $100 from, say, selling his gold. But then as he sells his gold, it caused the gold price to drop. So someone else, called him Stan, needs to come up with $189 to cover his bull option for gold, so he sells some crypto and then that drives the price of crypto down. And now Bary needs to cover his ass because crypto is now part of the system... Market crash is a cascading/domino effect. And instead of thinking a few hundred or even millions, think billions. Instead of someone "borrowing" money, thinking investment banks using leverage to legally make 10~20 times or more money out of think air... Which makes it worse because a 5% drop in price could wipe out their principle. If you are not familiar with how the financial system works, check out The Insider Job or The Big Short for starter. Edit: bull bear, what's the difference?
Because it's new. It's not going to be an exception, but I'd happy to be to wrong.
Or you could have looked at the upload date.
Wonder if they'll change their coat color once all the ice melts in the near future. Or will they just go extinct.
I do whenever I'm in the middle of explaining something and someone comes in with a joke that isn't correct.
Like I said in another reply, yes I know the meme. But just because it's a meme doesn't exempt it from mis-timed usage and logical scrutiny. People complain this sub is not as educational as it used to be, how it's full of memes and hypes. Well there, we see it first handedly how people prefer to keep their, frankly, useless memes than to think deeper down on a topic. Dank times we live in, truly.
I have seen this model of fireplace many times, what's the benefit of this design? No place to put any wood or even the thongs (or whatever you use to stir inside). Is this electrical?
We are not innocent due to choosing a lifestyle involving so much plastic, but mainly fuck the people who directly did the pollution - those who throw garbage into the water source, and those who run their sewage to the water source.
Philippines, one of the hottest spots for typhoons... Looks cool but I wouldn't live there in a shed like this. Everything can be blown off in a strong one, and those strong ones are becoming more common.
The factory was a decent size, so most of that explosion happened in that area. There are people living around the factories so those are the main casualties, but if you look at the map it was low density. The high density areas are further away, and as we know, energy decreases by distance squared.
Gundyr vs Dragonslayer Armor: https://youtu.be/8wwT46gHHgI
Well gundyr had 2x health...
If it's driven by matrices that reward overpricing, then it's by definition not a charity. If anything, it's a scam.
Try tongue, but hole.
I'm not as hollowed as that husk... But getting there :)
You can't say that without pics!
If that really is the last human then human beings are finiahed anyway due to lack of genetic variation... Unless they have some insane technology that can create genetic varying clones to ensure the longevity of the species.
TIL about Palawan, but the house in the pic looks like it's built with wood.
Looks like a mini cougar!
The best kind of gore looks like art.
I thought it's well known? Welp
True but trivial.
Telepathy, obviously.
Dude... Djura and his gang, with miniguns and boom hammers.
Alejandro Jodorowsky
ONE NUTTTTT!!!
Tinder is a ego boost for women and a cesspool for men. One of the worst places to be if you are a dude that recently got dumped, unless you follow rule 1 and 2 of /r/tinder .
The trumpet scene used to be one of my fav scenes of all time because it's so simple but so beautiful in ways I cannot explain: https://youtu.be/NwvdAo7VSFo Bonus track for one of my my fav rearrangements (ending track, spoiler free): https://youtu.be/5xo5YmwU0BU
And we're zany to the max
Now we just need a famous Hollywood director to ~~ruin~~ ~~dumbdown~~ reinvent Gundam and so we'd know the franchise has passed its peak for good.
I can get behind that idea.
There are some white sand beaches near it..
She's been thinking about gravelording him later :)
EA = Ethical Ads Edit: massive fail.
Oof
Some people like every movie they've seen, some people don't. Preference, luck, and you know, being human. If you can't stand the thought of a stranger on the internet not liking other strangers, I believe you have something else on your mind.
WeeWee
Too much pride and too weird. Case in point: they have a national health dance that most schools do every day: https://youtu.be/rRt3tXSg-U8 (This is an old versiom, there's a newer, even stranger one). Now normally there's nothing wrong with it... Except it feels like some schools in China: https://youtu.be/tnoyLDCYh-s (The videos says all schools do this, that's not true.) But that stems from this kind of government propaganda: https://youtu.be/MnakWocA3sc See the relationship? I mean, it's fine for what it is, and the exercise is likely good for the kids. But that's just one aspects of the "pride" thing in Singapore - even most school officials think it's dumb and yet thry are "proud of it." And if you work in business, usually some of the most demanding customers are Singaporean. Not demanding in a good way, but more like crazy lady style. On top of that I really don't like Singlish (Singaporean English)... Problem is, they are also proud of it and consider it better than proper English. I'm not joking. Anyway, the city itself is fine. Most people are also fine. You likely won't encounter any bat-shit insane people during a short visit as a tourist. But if you stay there or work for/with them, well good luck. Edit: to clarify, I have nothing against Singapore, if anything, I like it enough to consider moving there... But then I don't know how much I can stand the culture. I have friends who hate it and friends who love it. Personally I 'm in the middle.
I just came back from a school visit to Singapore. And I have families in China so I go back often (my cousins and nephews are there). And at least I have video proofs. What proof do you have? Edit: also I didn't say Asians are drones. It's just part of the exercises they do. If you, as an outsider, would look at these exercises and think they are being brain washed, well think about how these people feel? And that shows why I don't like some parts of the Singaporean culture.
Yeah just chill with it and you're fine. I never got into any troubles or conflicts there (save for the business ones), and I really don't mind living there. Of course, "don't mind" != "love."
When she said "you dirty dirty man" I was like all-my-yes
It's naturally produced in ergot. How did you think they first discovered it?
Lalaland is a musical. It's like saying watching Monty Python makes you believe that the british are crazy (they are, just in different ways). If anything, your attitude shows the pride problem I was talking about. "Oh you are a foreigner, your opinion doesn't matter" Good job for being a perfect example.
1. I didn't say singaporeans are bad or evil in anyway. I merely said that I didn't like some of the things I saw and can't agree with it. In fact, I said many times things are "fine." Every culture has quirks, but we can express what we like/dislike about it, instead of being policed. 2. If an outsider cannot criticize a culture simply because the person is an outsider, that is, by definition, a cult or fanatism. 3. I don't intend to change your ways or even try to influence it. OP asked me what I didn't like, and I explained it. If you feel threatened by that, then write to OP and explain your side of the story. Have a nice day.
Projecting just shows your insecurities. Also, like I said, I saw it with my own eyes. Can you find anything that says there's no dancing? Give me proof amd maybe I'll start to question my own reality. But hey why be logical when hyperbole feels right?
Yeah, I'd argue that the beauty is there's no purpose and thus we are free to do what we want to do. If there is a purpose, then every deviation means we are not maximizing our output. And that, just sounds like the perfect clause for a dictatorship.
Introduced a friend of mine to trip. He went to a festival with his girlfriend. Asked them how they felt later, they were like, "yeah it was great for dancing." They broke up a couple months later, among many other issues. Life really finds a way.
This vid is like older than this sub..
Brilliant!
They probably do. Tabloid is tabloid.
Fucking got rick rolled with a sneaky hyperlink.
Needs audio so we can hear the laughs!
Roasted sounds good. I don't trust this species even when they are dehydrated... Don't want to be the first host when it mutates.
Also works in RiF.
What's up with Tony's ass and how were you driving it?
/r/theCatTrapIsWorking
Nanny state got you so good that you feel unsafe without it.
/r/brandNewSentence
I mean, are there any soulsborne players that aren't masochists?
Also check out the iron ring if you haven't. Very helpful for dealing with the titanite demons unless you are a caster build.
Also cats, and ants, and scorpions, spiders, snaaaaakes, and life.
I prefer throwing poop... Can we even poison the bed of chaos?
Welp
Don't forget glitters or similar things. They are small, plastic, hard to clean up (which means no one will), and often they get everywhere.
The one that is everyone's best friend is likely not the penis.
May you find your worth in the new year.
Looks like some Slient Hill monster design. Must be the splatter pattern. Anyway, good job!
"A lot of kiwis on the bottom there." Underwater kiwis, never thought I'd hear the phrase.
One day, you'd look at this area with fond momery.
But your dad did want a pet tho... So not really /r/dadwhodidnotwantpets Anyway, sorry for your loss.
...why have two different sources of music play at the same time?
It's gonna snap in half when that front wheel lands if physics is working properly... But it's cool so whatever.
Nah, the implies he created Australia, but he's really just a maggot.
lol @ Tsuyu chan
Wait... So maliwan charge weapons also works! Holy shit!
ITT: people who can't read.
lol fuck this
How the fuck is this futurology? Screw it, I'm unsubbing.
Can't wait for the entire ost to drop!
Langrisser Mobile is a money grab and disgrace to what the Langrisser series was.
Titanfuck
Not gatekeeping. You literally said, "you hate games that are deep?" Which is a generalized statement, so I rebutted. If you have said something like "I like gacha games so whatever," I'm totally fine with that. In fact, that's *the correct attitude*. Your first statement covers all gacha games, for example, that Pokemon Go is a good game compare to the main Pokemon series is an obvious joke. I can understand if you say Pokemon Go is nice since it gets people to connect and exercise. But from a pure game mechanics standpoint it's just too simple. And Langrisser Mobile doesn't even have those benefits of Pokemon Go, nor it's as well engineered as F/GO. It's even more obvious when you compare the level design between Langrisser main series and Mobile. Just take a look at the size of stage 2 of even just Langrisser 1 vs Langrisser Mobile. You know what I also hate? People who respond with "well I haven't tried A but B is just as good," when someone ask "how's A vs B?" Example: "I enjoyed Ghostbusters 2016 and I think it's just as good as Ghostbuster 1984, even though I haven't watched the original ones. Stop attacking my taste." Like, bro, give me a break.
&gt;JJJJJJ WWWWW Ah yes, my favorite actor as well.
Guess it's too future.
To me it sounds like Apex Twin + Lorn. Both are future.
/r/theOcho
/r/gifsThatEndedTooSoon
Yo dawg so I heard you like ash so I draw some ash picking up some ash in front of more ash with sticks of ash.
Harlem shake!
Flehman response: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flehmen_response https://slate.com/technology/2016/01/dogs-cats-and-other-animals-flehmen-response-to-smell.html We can only conclude that they found a scent interesting, but not whether they like it or not. Stop anthropomorphizing animals, especially when it comes to behavior analysis. Each species has their own sets of rules and it's up to us to understand them, not the other way around.
Implying females don't eat nuts.
What, the third option as in not supporting the devs by not paying and play the pirate version? How about the fourth option: buy the game to support the devs, and still play on pirate version. Or how about the fifth option? Tried the game with pirate version first, then buy it. Do you want more?
Jodorowsky's Holy Mountain.
OooOooohhHhhH
Implying the King is ugly.
How does one get "mauled" by ninjas? Asking for a friend.
Sane? Speak for yourself. I don't remember where I put that shit.
Yeah, totally fuck with the playfulness. It's still structured, but it's groovy and free.
This is their more "conventional/normal" music. Their typical style is... Much funkier. See: https://youtu.be/c7apuNjIRe0
Everyone passed out after the first 30 mins.
/r/theWayWeWere
Boring and uninspired imo.
Git gud news.
Watching Picture
No worries. I'm also not a native English speaker but my English is probably better than my mother tongue at this point. Esit: also Aphex Twin is one of my favs.
Argh I want to see some movement after that!
Alex, 100 for "things a mad hollow would say."
Don't feel much wtf from this but love the concept!
So did you end up being able to move around in the air or did you fall back down?
I've never seen any valid relation of Kojima to Kayne West. Dunno why it was even a thing.
Teletubbies OST.
We are all equal under oof.
Maybe it works in an alternative universe?
SARS. And the fatality rate was only high in the beginning, once the vaccine was developed, fatality dropped significantly. Also, death varies by age group, so it depends who got the virus. Source: from Hong Kong where SARS hit the hardest.
I like this documentary because it felt real. It showed the culture and norm and present them as is. It feels a bit like NHK style but more upbeat and genuine.
Apologies for the weird ending music. Not mine but I like the visuals so I posted this version.
I wanna see a Walter White x Snow White.
DLC is recommended.
Just because some people are doing it doesn't mean it's a good idea. Do you also happen to be an anti-vaxxer? Edit: also, this is the current top post: https://www.latimes.com/entertainment-arts/music/story/2020-01-26/billie-eilish-sweeps-major-categories-2020-grammys Not some artist donating to charity. In fact, you can look at the top post of all-time or last year/month/week, and NONE of them are related to charity.
Downvoted for the music.
OoOooOhhHHhH
https://van.physics.illinois.edu/qa/listing.php?id=2744&amp;t=heating-magnet
Wait, so how do you handle garbage and death services, etc?
This gives me conniptions.
Sanic Rings
Amazing!
That's Paul Barton. Him playing Clair de Lune for an 80 year-old elephant: https://youtu.be/i1qQOGCyRbY
Every single exodus from reddit has ended in shit so far. And reddit isn't any better. Guess we'll all be drowned in shit.
Looks like a summon artwork for Persona. Love the style, GJ!
Holy shit no way.
Why can I never let you down.
Felt embered might hollow later.
Thin watermelon
Wym DeS has always been my best friend.
Got ~~em~~ me
Symptomless carries: imma fuck the 2nd wave up
Do Do cats Do cats mich Do cats mich gefragt
Saleen Garland... Love the description of her sword but could not find a use of it outside pvp.
GJ on the armorset!
Ah oops, my bad. Should have double checked. Always thought it's the Garlands family for some reason. Edit: because of Garl Vinland. I somehow shorten that name and stored into my memory.
Bro, I started playing Fromsoft games since 1997. I even help translated DeS materials when it was a small game. Where were you?
Priceless
Oh I see you are a man of paizuri as well.
Don't tell me you can't taste it!
Some Twilight Zone shit.
*Puts on gloves*
If you want a second thing try some million-level scoville hot sauce like Da Bomb.
LSD takes a while and doesn't guarantee result. Hot sauce is more direct.
Well at least Anatasia is our main fire keeper.
More 90's Jap Pop than jazz
I mean, that 80's and 90's pop are very similar. Cases: https://youtu.be/8mz-jTNEyfw https://youtu.be/vKOekWuzk3o Compare to: https://youtu.be/7exN0ZXznSM It can be a jazz musician doing a pop style. Not saying it's not jazz, just more pop than jazz.
But that's also how you introduce fatigue to the players. If BL3 is a subscription based model like FF14 or WoW, sure. But it's not. We've already paid for the game, there's no reason to force gear grinding as the game is already grindy enough. The worst thing a player can say to a game is "I'm sick of this shit I don't care anymore."
Also meat cleaver has hyperarmor, or that it's attack animation cannot be stopped. Very powerful for trading hits.
A shame that this vid didn't get more clicks. Love how you capture the vibe of the Nice Guys.
Real life and the souls games are common in one thing - you can overcome obstacles if you persist and learn from your mistakes. See you around.
Shiner isn't all bad, for example I like their Prickly Pear beer... But I prefer the Sierra Neveda Prickly Pear more. Or Odell's or even Cigar City if you can find them. For more Texan beer, look out for Live Oak if you like some lager/blonde. Saint Arnold makes some delicious ales. And River Creek makes both beer and bourbon!
That's why some wears skirts
Of course you have. It's one of the most common reposts.
Sol-thicc
