The 173rd has been on a constant GRF cycle since 2013
Not a shot
sam needs to go man, I dont know why weve kept him around. Hes not fast, Hes not particularly silky, he doesnt have a good shot and he has the physicality of a peewee whose scared to hit for the first time.
gary is so fucking cool
Most every group you look at will be the same way, whether its gender, race, religion, sexuality or whatever. Its easy to point out the flaws of people that have wronged you but its not so easy to look inwards on yourself or your own group
theres a pretty good chance that he is the TL
We shouldn’t even be issuing these shitty fabric drop legs. Everyone should be getting belt mounted safariland holsters
its ok, big army got the 173rd good by placing them under a training command and turning us into a training unit. We havent deployed since 2013 because weve been on a constant GRF since then but we dont even get the call when we are geo-located less than half the distance from Iraq that fayetteville is
Yea well your sandal is untied
What makes them go off in Baghdad?
I wonk at least twice a day
Fuck I want a Christensen so bad but I do not have the funds right now
It was an E5
Jesus Christ
100% the closest CIF team or CAG team would have been involved had shit actually gone down
Yea but we’ll also never get a deployment because no other brigade can take on ACRF. Also this place is going downhill real fast
Just the amount of BS they are throwing at us, between the end of Saber J 19 and now we had a collective total of like 4 days off because of EDREs, Lockdown, ranges, going to fucking graf for conskills etc. The training schedule wouldnt even be a big deal if they would give us the proper recovery and rest time, but they arent. Then they wonder why joe is doing drugs or why joe is getting in fights when we do have time off.
&gt; Just the amount of BS they are throwing at us, between the end of Saber J 19 and now we had a collective total of like 4 days off because of EDREs, Lockdown, ranges, going to fucking graf for conskills etc. The training schedule wouldnt even be a big deal if they would give us the proper recovery and rest time, but they arent. Then they wonder why joe is doing drugs or why joe is getting in fights when we do have time off.
jesus fuck i swear ive heard someone say that exact shit to an NCO that i was talking to
That is 100% it, speed bump and propaganda unit
We’ve been talking about the 173rd this whole time my guy I don’t know where you came up with 1/3
Man just from the rotations I’ve been on around Eastern Europe, these people have a lot more faith in us than we do in ourselves. The Romanians I talked to thought we were basically gods.
you literally enlisted as a combat engineer and you're losing your shit over a potential combat deployment?
Funny i dont remember this line in the airborne creed
Welcome to camp Aachen where morale goes to die, at least the gyro truck is smackin
Bro that shit smacks, fuck a field dinner at the dfac I’ll gladly spend the €10 on a gyro or bun-ds. The food stands are like the only good thing about being at camp Aachen.
You’d think that but I’ve loaded some nasty looking ammo into my 50
Sahins was closed during saber J this year and then when we went back in December they were open but had fallen off tbh. Bun-d and akropolis reigned supreme
The geiselle URGI upper that USASOC adopted is also MLOK
No peq 15? A light that can’t be operated ambidextrously? Not an SBR? No magnifier? 3/10
I know I was giving you shit lol
2nd BCT is deploying to iraq in like march or april which has been on the patch chart
yes, 1BCT. 3BCT is in Afghanistan already and 2BCT is supposed to deploy in spring
I mean once national news grabs it opsec is gone
Its the issued medium ruck
I forgot what sub I was in and got really confused for a second
Fixed, thanks
Go to rasp 2
It also has the radar signature of a small bird
CID/counter-intel*
This aged well
Whoever taught these people in highschool needs to be fired
It’s been a roller coaster of emotions, thought that 7 year drought was over :(
So if im understanding this correctly, there will be a 3 day mourning period and then shit is going to hit the fan?
Yea this is definitely a look of boredom and tiredness
It’s not the armorers fault it’s XO’s fault
Not their mission set, though they are supposed to go to Lebanon. Word is the embassy is fighting it.
They’re definitely a thing, everyone gets issued 2 1/4 zip combat tops
Interesting because my companies m17s have black controls
She retracted that stance recently
The only army units with high cuts are cool guys and SFAB
&gt;M17s were released with coyote controls/trigger to be exactly like the military issue ones &gt;mfw I’m in a rifle company and our m17s have black controls
Ok and? I never said anything about commercial M17s, the M17 that I am issued has black controls as does every other pistol in my arms room
man it looks odd seeing apaches and KA-52s together
Sausage don’t got time to fuck with pri for fucking his rank up
HK got upset*
It all depends which battalion is on ACRF
that and aesthetics, looks much better than just having a long ass barrel sticking out
this, group size is an indicator of both rifle accuracy and shooter ability, not the zero of the optic/sights
you dont sign up for specific units dude. you go where the army tells you
yo what the hell
Probably a dirty girl
Yea they’re giving out the newer massif 1/4 zips, I actually like them as much as my crye shirts as long as the Velcro doesn’t come off in the wash
I can’t tell if you meant to type natural timing or neutral timing lol
As I understand it, the whole brigade is on alert. 1/503 was supposed to pass off ACRF to 1/91 right before we go on leave this month
They definitely aren’t gonna invade America and take your rights
No but if you average a 4:25min/mile you’ll be airborne in no time hooah?
No there’s different bars that hang below one badge, there’s carbine, rifle, pistol, machine gun etc
Yea the b-2 is rumored to have the radar cross section of a large bird
These are not Mk19s, idk what they are but theyre definitely not mk19s
Holy fuck I’ve never seen a cook off like that before
Man it would be sweet if geissele would ship my upper out already
If you buy a plate that the military uses you won’t crack them, I’ve seen dudes literally yeet their vests off of LMTVs and the plates were fine. Training plates aren’t worth the money
Idk who the fuck bill is I just want my damn upper that I bought on Black Friday
There are so many stray cats on santorini
Good for him, 8 weeks is still way too long of a lead time for a company that has a military contract
Not even man, most Americans will be larger than your average European. It’s literally just the Danes that are fucking massive.
No casualties
Generally avionics do tend to fail after being hit with a SAM
That’s true, but having real casualties certainly could give a decent excuse to hit Iran hard. After his speech earlier it seems both sides are taking this as an out. I wouldn’t be surprised at all if the ayatollah called trump on some back channels and they worked this out to both save face
There’s a lot of claims on what he was doing there, we can’t be certain given the state of today’s media and who is in charge of each country. What is certain is that Soleimani’s EFP campaign with Iraqi extremist groups was the cause of a lot of American deaths, combined with Iran’s funding, arming and training of Hezbollah and the houthis its pretty safe to say that he was a bad dude.
Believe me I am not a fan of Saudi Arabia and I hate that we still do business with them. If we’re up to me we would cut ties with them and everyone in the Middle East. We don’t need their oil anymore but unfortunately Afghanistan has a plethora of rare earth metals and Iraq gives us a good staging area near Iran, who we have been at odds with since the late 70s/early 80s
Yea but their older shit is better, marines get plate carriers while the army still uses shitty ass IOTVs
The army issues almost everything in both pictures
I think this is how I found reddit at first
Rip
My buddy has the exact same name as certain high profile college athlete that had tons of national attention for a rape scandal, he gets tons of DMs and messages calling him a terrible person and threatening him
His are pretty fuckin cringe tbh
You need to put that on a rifle that can reach a mile, you’re wasting potential on a .308 AR
This, they probably heard the launch and ran out to film
Can I come work for you when I get out of the army?
That’s more than I make in the year
Did my first AFF end of July 2019, finished AFF end of August 2019. Got my A license in November of 2019
Cat is probably still more aware than a private after a 10k movement and 3 days of no sleep
How the fuck do you mistake a plane that took off from your own capital city and was flying at 8000 feet for a potential enemy bomber which would be flying closer to 40k feet? The 737 is way too big to be mistaken for a fighter so if that’s their excuse they should fire all of their radar operators
I’ve been said private before, couldn’t have told you left from right after that one. Swear to god I was hallucinating seeing bigfoots and shit running through the woods
Yea but think about what the climate was around Tehran at the time, they probably didn’t know if they’d make it through the night without bombs falling on their city so I’d imagine some people were probably on alert
Big facts, someone in my unit did lose a rifle and we were about to be memed on then 3/6 did their thing and everyone forgot about us
It’s a camo joke bro. I understand sarcasm can be tough as it’s not as straight forward as crayon labels
I think everyone had a dfac lady that yelled that in basic
I disabled mine and I still get 28mpg around town and up to 35 highway
Not the guy you responded to but I’ve got a C6 with an edelbrock blower Built 408 iron block Alky control 1 7/8 headers to a 3” straight pipe And I’m sitting right around 600whp on my break in tune with the large upper pulley @ 8psi. Once I get the miles up and get her broken in the small pulley should pull about 12psi and I’m hoping to break 700whp
That stalk mode she goes into, head low and butt wiggling
This is how my old kitty was, my parents got her when I was 1 or 2 and she never enjoyed being held or brushed but she was a snuggle bug on her terms. She kind of used my room as a safe space and my dad respected my room as a no brush zone. If i closed my door she would scratch and holler until I woke up or my parents let her in and I’d inevitably wake up with her on my chest. It’s been almost 2 years since we had to put her down and i miss her everyday. I still catch myself looking at the spots she used to sleep in or expecting her to come trotting around the corner when the fridge opens.
Damn it’s almost like it’s in the title
Yea sadly if I just stop showing up to work I’ll be charged with a felony or some shit like that. Good benefits though.
I haven’t been silver in a long time but I imagine that just ramming each other is probably the norm
LEDs give out pulses of light that look continuous to our eyes but depending on the framerate and type of shutter can cause the blinking effect
Shit I’m in Rochester too and I’ve been wondering about places near here to shoot LR. What’s the range called?
Sweet, that’s not too far. I’ll have to check it out
You forgot the crisp smell of a fresh can of Copenhagen being cracked in the background
The code is actually “strippers” for 50% of your pay
1.) buy rifle 2.) defend home from steppers trying to collect past due rent 3.)??????
The last time the US used SEAD was against Iraq, however you are right. They did hit the radar installations with cruise missiles and wild weasel missions before the bombers came in. It just wasn’t a very recent conflict
Difference here is that the destroyer that shot that plane down tried to contact the flight multiple times and order him to waive off before engaging
They dropped so much ordnance in this valley, unreal
Yep, sky soldiers.
Wire guided tows go farther than 4KM. Source: me, former tow gunner
If we do anything well here in America it’s weaponized autism
I knew I hated her for some reason, I couldn’t place why though
Don’t know much about SKS as it’s my first one, however I was able to figure out it was made in factory 666, still trying to work on the serial to figure out when it was made and if it saw any combat
I paid $450 out the door, no bayonet though which made me a sad panda
Yea I was pretty ecstatic about finding it, especially in NY as it’s still a SAFE compliant rifle so I don’t have to worry about NYSP barricading my house with an APC. The vendor even hooked me up with 100 rounds of wolf ammo
Nope it was the Rochester gun show, sadly with the safe act it’s more of an accessory show but there’s still some gems there. If I had more money I would have walked out with an M1 Garand as well
Yea for sure, the Rochester show is pretty solid, even with safe act stuff there’s still everything from antique muskets to AKs, ARs, I even saw a Swiss K31 that really killed me to walk away from.
Valid point, in that case then a communist regime will come to an end at the hands of a communist weapon
Valid point, in that case then a communist regime will come to an end at the hands of a communist weapon
Awesome, glad to here it! I’ve joined the community so I definitely look forward to learning more. From what I understand I need to acquire a stabbing boi now
Ahhh man sorry to hear it, hope everything’s alright.
Yea I’m not sure of its history but I’ll definitely be looking into the serial and researching it, I love researching old guns.
Ha yea I get that, yea it was unloaded and ammo was in the back of the truck
It is my first, Will not be the last
I got to use my SK, today was a good day
Ok so technically the SKS isnt korean war era but I dont have any other vietnam era guns so heres my numbers matching 1970 Chinese SKS made in factory 666 alongside my 1943 IBM M1 that was upgraded with an adjustable rear sight for the Korean War
"R30-blue" man you missed your chance
I didn’t look to closely at Mosins when I went to the gun show this weekend as I was pretty set on an SKS, next time I’m feeling the need for a old gun a mosin is at the top of the list though
True, and this one being dated 1970 is highly likely that it was in Vietnam before being cut down and imported
“So Johnny, Laura wants to be a doctor, Brad wants to be a navy seal and tommy wants to be an astronaut. What do you want to be when you grow up?” “Yes”
You’re both navy, he’s your mans
I could only bring it to an indoor range, so 25 yds so far. I need to buy a sight adjustment tool to properly zero as it shoots about 6 inches low at 25 yds
Yea there’s a cleaning kit in the buttstock, none of the tools looked like a sight adjustment tool. I’ll have to take another look
After looking at your link it looks like I’m missing that flat piece which I’m guessing is the sight adjustment tool.
After researching it, looks like this rifle was imported by briklee
I dunno what kind of weed you’re smoking that makes you want to BASE jump. All the weed I’ve ever smoked makes me want to sit on a couch.
It’s not spam if it’s quality content
It is very much in demand in European based ODAs. Almost every dude I met in 10th group speaks Russian or some variant of it
I dunno if you’ve noticed or not but we’re a peacetime army unless you wear a green hat
Not even soon, if you’re conventional you’re not doing shit other than maybe taking indirect
Ahh nice, I’m sure there’s oddball cases. I know my buddy on an uplift deployment got into a few firefights while on patrol with SF, but also we just got a bunch of 5s from Alaska and Bragg who got theirs because of IDF. Best of luck on your journey to SF.
Yea man I’m kinda the same way, I keep telling myself I’m gonna go to SFAS or WOCS but I’ve just been lazy. Glad you found the motivation!
Yea for sure, maybe it’s easier for active to get into guard but I talked to a guard recruiter about WOCS and he said they need pilots bad and if I pass the SIFT he can almost guarantee a flight school slot barring some weird reason for denial
Gotcha, SF WOCS is definitely a good option as well, especially if you get an MOS that takes longer to make Zulu like deltas or echos
I was 3 rows up right next to where he did this, lost my fucking shit. If that went in I’d have lost it.
Maybe it was Charlie’s that take longer? I dunno, I know that bravos are the quickest to make Zulu
Yea I’m not sure, I just remember mike glover talking about it in a video or podcast. He mentioned how he made Zulu insanely fast even by bravo standards and then became on of the youngest SGMs at like 35
Yea for sure man, sounds like a solid group of dudes. Good luck at the Q brother
Are you sure this is Austrian? Because this range it’s firing on is in Slovenia and Slovenia also operates PC-7s. I’ve watched them do gun and rocket runs on this exact range Edit: just watched the source video, didn’t realize it was a joint exercise. It was only the US and Slovenia when I was there
Eichel is a powerhouse, watching him work the puck in the offensive zone was a real pleasure last night
I just want to put it out there that lazar was about to go for a tilly with patches, during the first period scrum he skated up and yelled “you wanna fucking go?” And it seemed like patches was going to oblige him until the linesman broke it up
I’d probably get a more low profile gun belt, there’s no need to have something that big. Look at the ronin senshi or TYR gunfighter
Lol I was sitting right in front of and to the right of this chick
Someone did this with a pellet gun and a 12 gauge
I’m honored that you didn’t tell me to fix my TQ on my kit, means my medic isn’t a complete waste of space
If you find eotechs fuzzy you probably have astigmatism
Yea mark Stone is also ugly as fuck
Yea eichel is thiccc
Or they watch them but they don’t know the bigger picture of what’s going on in that movies universe
At any distance the shot would hit before he knew what was up. Bullets are supersonic, some even stay supersonic out to a mile
Yea but if you see that flash you do not have time to react. There’s a video of some guys in Syria filming a Russian plane flying around, the plane then turns on them and flys right at them. You see the flash of the gun on the plane and before they can react the rounds are impacting all around them
I’ve shot out to 500m with an issued M4, 500m with a 308 should be pretty doable
Practice makes perfect brother
Being dehydrated and hot doesn’t help, I had a change of command ceremony when it was 118 out and so many people passed out during that, shit even some passed out before it
Yep
Yea they’re sweet little guns, I’m glad I picked it up
That is a trap
Neither do most firefighters, at least in the US. Only big city firefighters and I think the California forest firefighters get paid but the Cali dudes aren’t making bank and they get laid off in the slow season
As if the army cares
Not nearly enough
Yea it also probably wouldn’t do much damage
Outside of cities almost every fire department is volunteer
That’s why you wear an airbag if your skiing back country where you could get caught in an avvy
This is actually a myth, in the study this comes from the subject was bundled up every where except his head, so naturally the head will look like it’s dumping heat. Also OP, jeans in the snow???? Come on man cotton kills.
Asymmetric warfare is a hell of a drug, how do you think Americans won our independence?
They’re pretty commo among my buds that ski off-piste none of them have had to deploy but from what I’ve heard they do work pretty well
I mean the hoods of MRAPS aren’t armored so I’d imagine some .308 to the hood would disable it
You didn’t read the post did you?
There’s videos of Kiowa pilots flying around shooting taliban out of the cockpit with M4s, those dudes are all sorts of cowboy crazy
Not the guy that you were asking but I’ve worked with dudes from 10th group quite a bit, I’ve never met an operator who hated his job. They bitch about things like everyone else but they’re not bitching about their job they’re bitching about other people telling them how to do their job. Just know that selection is not easy and it’s going to be even harder for you being young. Generally they’re looking for older guys with life experience. The only guy from my basic training class to get selected was a 27 year old with a bachelors degree. Not saying that you can’t do it but if you are going to try you have to want it and show that you want it. Don’t go around swinging a big dick because you got an 18X contract, they hand those out like candy.
https://youtu.be/mKlUoI0oRkQ
Because you didn’t even provide useful information in your response, so one you answered a question that wasn’t being asked and two you just gave a broad generalized response. OP is literally a body armor vendor.
I drink the tap water in Vicenza.... guess I’ll die
Heat shields doesn’t mean anything, we take the shields off our Limas
its a saiga
Boomer mentality
Be sick if mine came in :/
Depends on the type of cloud, if it’s a rain cloud you gonna get wet, if it’s a normal sunny day cloud you just kinda go through it. I always get some anxiety right before I hit the cloud
I thought inshallah was gods will
No, the wire transmits info to the missile to make corrections. The “red dot” you see is for the TAS or ITAS to track the missile. Hence TUBE launched OPTICALLY tracked WIRE/wireless guided
Primary arms already does optics, surprised that PSA doesn’t tbh
My inner armorer is saying get the fuck out of my arms room
Yep, it’s a lot more simple than that though. Gunner outlines vehicle with tracking gates, locks them in. Missile launched, ITAS tracks missile and as long as the gunner keeps the crosshairs inside the tracking gates the missile will be guided on target.
Had problems with their buffer tube recently
If you’re a billionaire 3 mill is literally pocket change.
True, I’ve never bought PSA parts but my brother did. The stud on the back plate of his rifle stripped the threading on the buffer tube when he was assembling it.
You’re getting into info that I can’t share with that first question, as far as I know the missile is steered towards the crosshair however the tracking gates give it a margin of error that is acceptable. Could be wrong on that as I’ve never purposefully missed a tow shot, probably would have had the dog shit smoked out of me
Sometimes low tech is the best weapon for a high tech environment
Or “didn’t make it to team week did you?”
The alloy in the tube seemed to be a super soft alloy, when my brother tightened the castle nut the stud in the backplate that’s supposed to keep the tube from rotating dug in and gouged all of the threading out and left him unable to properly lock in the buffer tube. I had to go and replace it for him
I’ve been threatened with more than a few smokings for not answering my phone on a weekend when my SL calls me. Fuck that shit bruh i already do enough bullshit during the week I’m not coming in on my weekend. If they really needed something to get done we would have done it during the week instead of sweeping the motorpool for 3 hours everyday
If I if I’m weird or what but I’ll burn darts all night long when I’m drinking but if I’m sober I have no need or want to smoke
Astigmatism only affects your ability to use red dots/holo sights
If i were to hazard a guess I’d say that she didn’t come by that gun in a legal manner. I’ve never met someone who owns a gun legally that doesn’t respect it and follow all the rules.
Not only did she not check it, but she racked the slide and then pointed it at him. The amount of negligence here is incredible
You might be right, I have astigmatism and I have no problems with my EOtech but I can’t use an aimpoint cause the dot flares out on me
They also censor the word Epstein in peoples names and chat
Awesome post man, I wouldn’t be caught dead wearing anything less than what I’ve been issued for my job. I’ve gotten into numerous arguments about steel armor so now I have something I can point people towards to help them see the light
You have a front BUIS but no rear? Also is that a sight mark red dot?
How much does a pilot like this make usually? I’m about to start the process of switching into the guard to go aviation and I’m looking for civilian pilot jobs so that I can balance the military hours with civilian ones
It was censored and I play on PC my buddy and I both noticed it at the same time and were messing around with it
Cartels maybe?
Fuck never gets censored for me, but Epstein does
55 grain green tip will shred AR500 armor, people need to stop buying steel armor
I’m in the army but in Vicenza and I feel the same way
Best I can do is anthony’s pizza for dunkin
They’re installing a Bun D in our PX, gonna have to make a better offer
Deal let’s do the paper work
We have a thing we do whenever we have a machine gun shoot where we’ll load up a belt of all tracers and make a “Star Wars belt”
You say that now until an overweight mother of 4 is rocking these and her muffin top pops out
Jesus Christ
Im talking about the fatties that are in the military
Man i didnt even put this much thought into my downsizing, i went from a 200 to a 170 to a 150 over the course of like 8 jumps
My exit weight is around 195lbs. I did downsize quickly because I bought a rig with a pilot 150 so while I was waiting for it to come i downsized on the rental rigs at my DZ. Now I have no plans of downsizing as my 150 is tons of fun to fly
They dug in too deep for bombs or arty to be useful
Because the people who do that shit just want attention, just like wackos doing the school shootings. They know they’ll get their 15 min if they do stupid shit
Nice, I’m not a fan of the neck band peltors but I love the normal ones that I use
They’re definitely directional, I can tell where sounds are coming from when I wear mine
The more kids a dependa puts out the more money she makes from the government
All the people screeching about this guys trigger finger have never been in combat
There’s videos of the airforce landing A-10s on the autobahn during an old reforger exercise
No need to have nods mounted during the day, then you just look like one of the retards on @daynoodlez
ok boomer
How am I a poor when this guys out here advocating for .308?
They’re more lik 6-7 now
Front or rear
I grew played with a preds prospect when I was younger, dudes nasty
Just the other day I had a boating accident
My old battalion CSM once said “if your hands are cold and they’re not in your pockets you’re a fucking idiot” god bless that man
Your hand stop appears to be backwards
You know exactly where it is ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Who needs a wife when you have machine guns?
Won’t need a DOJ serial if you don’t tell the gov you have it
She can get clapped too
Fuck no snake, fresh build haven’t gotten around to it yet
Fuck you right, need to ask my girls bull for some tools
The wounded guy that he carried for a click, did you even read?
Whew lad your spelling is rough
It’s hard to get road head in a C6 tbh
One of the dudes was an E6 so that would be RASP 2 no?
Gotcha i was under the impression that rangers had to go to RASP 2 when they made 6
Gotcha makes sense, my battalions medic PSG is a 6 on his charter time right now
Bad bot
It do be like that sometimes
Dat cheek weld tho
War used to be such a civilized affair Didn’t think it was needed but **/s**
Just do you know the military doesn’t have any with FDE controls. All of the ones I have seen all have black controls. As I understand it the army decided they didn’t want tan controls after the first batch were delivered and gave the guns back to sig
That is true, because the M2 was developed in 1918 when tanks were just enough to stop standard rifle rounds
I think he still is
I guess the sarcasm in my comment was lost on you and others
That’s when it was issued, it was designed in 1918
I just submitted mine, hoping i get that 3 month wait
Is there a difference anymore?
This is actually a good girl! Her instagram is @servicedog_pearl
That’s not an Eagle, it’s 2para beret flash. Its jump wings with a lion on top
I’m pretty sure he was referring to DEVGRU black squadron
The AT4 is in the base game right? Because the US hasn’t used a law for a long time, they probably wouldn’t kill a modern tann
Lmao how do you even strap 4 to an assault pack? Some of my senior leaders mentioned using laws in Afghanistan against mud huts but that was just until they started getting AT4s issued
So does the SAW
Fuck that man, we had a guy that handled a spent gas grenade during range clean up, then put his grubby little hands into an ammo crate of loose 5.56 during a spendex and I was fucking dying
You’re plate carrier should run from just below where your two collar bones meet to the belly button
I agree with you 100%, are you actually a cagerator tho?
So tell me how devgru is not a part of Naval Special Warfare?
So long as you don’t develop any cognitive issues, my grandmother lived to be 90 however around 86-87 she developed dementia and watching her slide down hill those few years really hurt to watch.
No they wear the same symbol on their berets. I guess brits call it a capbadge but we call it a flash in the states
Sorry I’m an American paratrooper and we call them flashes
SFOD-D was never apart of SFOD-A NAVSPECWAR is the command that encompasses all SEALS so again tell me how Devgru is not a part of NSW
The direction it’s facing literally has no effect in recoil, especially if you’re using an M4 like it’s designed for the blanks have so little power that it’s a non issue
Do you mean literal kissing or just bumping into them?
There’s one PJ in this photo and he’s wearing Lowa boots, the rest are SF. The other dudes comment is inaccurate as PJs don’t carry SAWs
Just tell me you don’t wear AR500 plates for personal protection
IIRC it was an insider attack in Afghanistan, some taliban snuck into the ranks of the ANA, saw a chance to kill an American and damn near succeeded
Just making sure lol, too many people think AR500 plates are gods greatest gift and there’s no point in buying ceramics when steel is more durable
Did they count the army guns in that number? If so that explains a lot
Wow your dog could be my dogs twin that is wild. What breed is he? Mines a whippet + black lab
If you click the reply button they’ll be notified when you ask them a question /u/ImASuperCool
How am I supposed to LARP with a noveske
I don’t work for geissele, I got this email as I am one of the people who hasn’t gotten his order yet and have been getting quite frustrated. While I appreciate this gesture and them reaching out I likely will not be ordering direct from them again. At the end of the day they had sloppy logistics and didn’t account for things that should have been accounted for and they had no problem taking my $800 on BF but waited 3 months to send this email out basically blaming their equipment as the reason they couldn’t ship anything out kind of a cop out if you ask me.
Excellent point
Now you’ve conditioned yourself
There’s 2 scopes in it
Yet the army still gives them out to units that still have M9s. Thank god we got safarilands for the sigs
He was hit with a 7.62x54R out of a PKM IIRC
Lol PASGT, bro it’s not 1990 anymore. He was issued an ECH
It’s an ECH
Yea generally the posts in r/NFA are caused by insanely short barrels on ARs. Not normal length belt feds
The drive rod spring from a .50 can’t just pop out and fuck you up unless there is user error. He likely tried to take the weapon apart with the bolt locked to the rear in which case you would certainly be in danger.
That wasn’t the shipping company comrade, all glorious Russian weapons come covered in cosmoline and to de-cosmo your rifle is a truly spiritual experience.
Youtube is your friend
What dude, we all get issued side plates and most units force you to wear them when conducting LFX or on deployment
If his flair is real that should tell you all you need to know
All combloc type guns come with cosmo on them from the factory bro, My Chinese SKS luckily wasn’t straight out of the crate so it didn’t have much to clean up but it’s a pretty common thing.
And the grip pod.... and the way he’s holding the grip pod
Sine pari is specifically USASOC which is a part of SOCOM but not SOCOM as a whole
Weird, we’re forced into wearing side plates whenever there’s live rounds and that’s in an airborne unit. I’ve had to jump an iotv with full plates and that shit is retarded. Our old CSM let us wear JPCS and AVS but new CSM came from brag and slapped us with “CIF issued armor only”
Yea our old CSM didn’t allow condor shit, he pretty much only allowed carriers that are given to SF and Batt. He especially liked JPCs considering we’re an airborne unit and the JPC was made to be jumped in. I miss him a lot as a CSM. He came from batt and just got rid of all the stupid big army shit in our battalion.
Yea they’ve been telling us we’re getting MSVs or SPCS and ops cores for about 2 years now. I’ll believe that when I see it. My unit is trash about getting us shit we need. Instead of getting JLTVs for our D co which can barely maintain 50% deployability they bought GMVs for a rifle company
Our BC told us for months that we were getting JLTVs, they sent our mechanics to get trained on them, they set times and dates for drivers training and then a week before they were supposed to come in the switched to GMVs. How would GMVs correct the MTOE of a light infantry battalion? I’m not super knowledgeable on what is actually MTOE to us but the only thing the GMVs have done for us is make logistics even worse than usual for training exercises
Most hunters in America eat their kills as well, not just duck but all animals
We don’t want them to leave, we want them to be more like Jocko and less like Slablinski and Gallagher
Should be the standard
We had a dude get caught at sand hill while we were cleaning weapons. Big drill walks out and says to us “y’all ever seen anyone cut grass with bolt cutters before?” Poor kid was out there for hours
From what my BN retention guy told me when I was considering dropping a warrant packet, they can’t take your bonus if you move up from E to O
Thought I was on bestgunnit for a second
You’re lucky context isn’t on the SIFT, I was very clearly replying to the idiot who wanted to hover a helicopter over a fire to try and blow it out
Man I’d be weary about running a holster with no retention on a gun/duty belt
Were you an MP? Because that is definitely not how were trained to handle a POW in the infantry
you realize that these people dont actually have that much money laying around right? A huge majority of their net worth is in the stock of the company that they created. Their net worth is a direct reflection of their hard work and success in life.If you think any CEO of a multibillion dollar company is a "good person" then you must have been incredibly sheltered. The 2 groups of people that show the highest rates of psychopaths are politicians and CEOs.
Those fucking thugs deserve to be executed. Beating the fuck out of a woman is really getting to the root cause of the issue here. They own a business that sells firefighting equipment for fucks sake.
bro its front leaning rest
Not only were they wearing claymores, but the current president of south korea was one of those commandos
M1 carbines are not cheap anymore my guy. And they used Daewoo rifles in 92, which are now banned by name in Commiefornia
I live in rochester, you can have guns and monroe county is probably one of the easier counties to get a pistol permit in. Its just the prevailing attitude in NY is that guns are bad unless you grew up shooting
You can walk out of a gunstore with a rifle the same day if youre in upstate. NYC and the rest of the state have different gun laws
NYCs laws do not equal the rest of the state, im from rochester and own multiple rifles and shot guns. Im active duty military and it took about 4 months to get my concealed carry and that was during the covid lockdown.
Its funny that these riots are happening in Rochester, the home of Harriet Tubman and Fredrick Douglass and a major hub for the underground railroad.
Yea we got M17s with the safari land holsters at work and I have a safari land for both my personal hand guns so I can take my belt from work straight to the range and not have to worry about reconfiguring
there was 15 minutes of george floyd fighting before he was pinned? Do you have a link?
yea dude like what the fuck has a company that sells fire fighting equipment ever done but help people
Buying a gun in NYC is that hard, The rest of the state has different gun laws. I paid $100 and a 4 month wait, active duty military. Granted that is way worse than it should be but its not as bad as CA in terms of getting a CCW. As for buying a gun its as simple as getting a background check for rifles and shotguns. For pistols you have to pay for it, take the bill of sale to the county clerk and have the pistol added to your permit and then go back to the gunstore and pick it up
aks are often more expensive than basic ars nowadays
Really enjoyed my time training in slovenia, Ljubljana is a beautiful city
This post reeks of boomer
BCTs can operate autonomously
You must be a hell of a gymnast to make the stretch from height weight standards to a race riot
yep, remove sensitive items and blow in place
HRT is civilian CAG
Its almost like its burning or something
Well the guy outside only had pepper spray. The guy who comes out at the hand had a handgun
No its pepperspray
wrong, /r/NYguns for anyone interested in learning more
Luckily for you AR15s are super modular and can be modified to have none of those things, or you may modify the AR15 with a fixed non removable 10 round magazine and have all of those features. Again I implore you to visit /r/NYguns and get informed, because you are woefully ill informed.
I never said they could register them in NYC, you stated that AR-15s are banned by the safe act in **NYS** which is factually incorrect
Ok if you’re going to be a pedant about yes you’re correct, however common verbiage shortens “AR-15 patterned rifle” to AR15 for ease of use. If you’re really gonna get your panties in a twist over that I can’t imagine you’re very fun to hang out with
Yea I had heard good things so I was sad to see it go down this way, the email chain was with their COO by the way
god damn thats a lot of money down the drain, did he think the commiefornia cops wouldnt notice his illegal rifle?
but its less bulky than with the harness, if hes not running a lot of shit its not the worst thing ever and i know guys who take their harness out for PT. I just run my LV-MBAV for PT and save my JPC for live fire
Yea I know, Obviously he has a JPC so it’s silly to run without the harness but for someone who only has an AVS it’s not a bad idea to take the harness out if you want more mobility
i just got a LV-MBAV from OP tactical, About as minimal as you can get and its great
You could get a KAGWERKS case for your phone and mount it on your chest
Gottem, HRT does both quite well. They did Waco and they also hunted down the Boston bomber
The soldier in question who was shot was wearing eye pro, the round hit the bone in his nose and deflected up behind his eye. He had emergency surgery and made a full recovery and I got an ARCOM for calling up a 9 line
Yea well shit don’t always fly that way in the army my guy. It’s not the first nor the last “illegal” thing that the unit has done
Yea we swap the bolts were good to go, I feel like we’re talking about different sim rounds here
Yea I just googled them and those are not the sim rounds we use. The stuff we use is made by UTM
He was fine and the only thing that changed is that we don’t do force on force anymore
Getting impeached doesn’t automatically mean you get booted. You go to trial just like every other American, No president has ever been found guilty by the senate.
Not what I said, words mean things and it’s not what you interpret them as
For real man im used to driving with an IOTV on, Id kill to be able to roll around in my LV-MBAV or JPC
this is the correct answer, Mine was worth every penny
Probably because you have standards
Man looks like a fuckin goof out there too, Take the god damn shoulder pads and dick pad of your vest.
sold out
heartbreaker baby
Work on bringing the gun to your head and not your head to the gun, youll improve your shooting that way
how in the fuck, i ordered swimmer plates in april and have been fighting them for the past 2 weeks to get my money back
I have disputed, PayPal gave them 3 weeks to respond and it seems like they’re going to use all 3 weeks
Those are not guardsmen, i can promise you they dont have the money for that kind of equipment. Those are most likely SWAT officers
Is bebopping really 1950’s slang? I always use it to describe our shitbags just wandering around doing nothing
what are them gloves bro
Yea I shoulda used my CC and then paid it off but I don’t like using it for anything other than food and small purchases
In Monroe County the photo was taken at the county clerk and finger prints are done at the sheriffs office
real shooter passing through from another subreddit, we commonly put gangster grips on our 240s IRL
drinking age was 18 back then so they could indeed drink
That’s my brothers, I don’t have a car right now so he drove me to the gun show
/r/PlebeianGlock?
did you notice the guy driving? Hes got fuck you money x5
Well you dont even know how an RPG works so how can we trust the rest of your counter point? RPGs wont even arm at ranges considered to be "point blank"
its on backwards lol
Making the Bs livable would solve a lot of problems, may not directly relate to PTSD but it will create a higher quality of life for joe which may lead them to make better decisions in their lives
I was talking about the red parts
It’s a scout/recon/fast attack vehicle. It’s speed and maneuverability is its protection
Ma deuce keeps heads down like no other
Faster than a 15000lb+ armored gun truck
captains career course, its when Os truly get their MOS. A lot of LTs for example may branch signal but get branch detailed infantry and never do anything signal until they make O3
Does the guard not incur the 10 year commitment? My plan has been to go guard for a minute and this only makes me think im choosing right
Cool, do you have a civilian job flying as well? How tough would it be to manage flying for both?
Yea I plan on flying UH-60s, I was looking at civilian aviation jobs and there’s a pretty sweet gig flying for DHS out of Tampa so my goal was to do both. My 4 years active will count towards retirement at DHS with much better pay
I dream of the day that I open my ammo cans and see slap rounds instead of ball
The only ads i can recall them running is for killcliff
no these dudes are stationed near nuremburg
the pink mist
No I’m still active duty at an OCONUS location
Yea maybe we’ll get in at the bottom and they’ll start throwing incentives at us 😂
depending on what year ZR1 theyre both more towards super car levels of performance
yea i got you man, dont let that dude get to you. Your truck is baller as fuck
he was the bad guy in jack reacher
You’re really blaming his death on him as a private that was forced to drive a multi ton armored vehicle after not having received any drivers training? Maybe blame the NCOs who put him in that position
Is that how you explain the fact that it took 80 minutes for a medevac chopper to get to him, or the fact that the ambulance was completely unprepared and ill-equipped? Can you fucking boomers adapt and overcome blood loss?
I agree however he wasn’t only failed by his leadership not following regs, he was failed by the ambulance that was unprepared and he was failed by the medevac that took 80 minutes to reach him
That doesn’t look like the gas chamber on benning
Well based on PFC snuffles unit patch The point of my comment is that home boy is not in basic, especially with a hair cut like that
Looks like it, they probably took the opportunity to fuck with the new guy too
diamond 3 is the most toxic rank
Perhaps a better counter to air to air missiles while American planes are more likely to go up against ground to air missiles
Theyre much better equipped than the guard is, chances are if they have all matching camo then theyre police and not natty guard
no
How, all this shit is outdated or they rednecked some gun pods on a newer civ helo. Apache would shit on everything in the pic so long as it can actually get off the ground
Almost every helo here has a CAS variant, none of which compare to the Apache. The only thing the Apache can’t do better than the ones in the background is carry troops, but even then I’d rather have a chinook over an MI-8 or a UH60 over a UH1
all night vision is over $1k so thats not really saying much. EDIT: I looked at the comment and post you were talking about, that is a fucking rhino mount bro they cost literally nothing. Not even the L4G24 mount costs $1k
just kentucky windage it and youll be alright
That is a statistical fact
I knew nick personally and his mother was aware of what happened before this article. She has been fighting for change for a while
I never argued for cops having nods
that mark looks way too new
They do take time to arm but the propellant for a mk19 is comp b not gunpowder
Hell yea when you launch a 40mm ball of hate 2km away, not so hell yea when a live round falls into your lap after a light strike
Last CLFX I did I was allocated 2000 rounds of .50 per iteration, I didn’t come back with a single round (except for misfires). I cringe thinking about the cost of ammo if Uncle Sam wasn’t paying
I thought you were joking, then I googled it. Does anyone actually own one of those monstrosities?
crye pants + Patagucci shirt is the winning combo
are you the first deer to branch AV ever?
well 155 has a kill radius of 50m and a casualty radius of 100m so probably not good
i watched a dude get tossed off a vehicle during a slingload at night because they only had one of the chirps hooked up and there was a miscommunication between the pilot and crew chief. Pilot started to take off which essentially yanked the vehicle out from under the guys trying to hook it up
lol no, dudes been on the golden knights for a hot minute
the penetrator in 855a1 is different
Look into whats going on at stewart right now, 3ID is fucking &lt;1&gt; real good right now
gleeking
well he is pulling security for a wannabe communist police state
damn this comment hits
&lt;1&gt; got quarantined and the DFAC food they’re getting is pitiful at best
why he look like lucas botkin tho
youre lucky you only lost 1 shoe, if you lost 2 youd have died
Yea that was definitely on the pilots, was talking to the pathfinders running the Op and it was the pilots first time doing a real world sling
I’m sure this kid can deadlift more than ole “show up to a charity shoot and skip the physical lanes” Botkin
You also can’t draw your secondary from the prone
I’ve never seen GT run a chest holster
Which was in response to someone saying that chest holsters are viable
jo jorgensen? One of her main running points is abolishing the ATF
Now those optics might be ok, but I can tell you that those berettas were not treated nicely unless they came out of a ARNG pog armory
Yea I just wouldn’t pay those prices for them, you can literally just buy a new 92FS for $700 and it’s the same thing except it’s not on the brink of death. I would bet money that most of those surplus pistols will break within a year of regular use
and he got clocked by a skateboard which can cause serious damage
Apparently BN leadership was trying to go after the meme pages on insta too
They experimented with JATO on C-130s for STOL operations, specifically to land a C-130 on a soccer field and then take off. However after a fatal crash it was scrapped. Nowadays the only plane that uses JATO is the Blue Angels C-130 “fat Albert”
Which is the blue angels C-130 and yes they use JATO at air shows as part of their demo
It’s possible, I don’t stay up to date on the blue angels
Yea I guess, I personally don’t buy guns unless I plan on shooting them a lot so that’s my train of thought here.
He’s gonna be asking way before his contract is up :(
The ATF
I'm pretty sure i had a "short physical" still had to fast but it wasnt bad, i just didnt eat anything after 10pm and went in to the clinic around 1030
Sounds like you ain’t been properly maintaining your equipment and PMCSing your weapons there hero.
100lbs is on the light end of a full combat load for a grunt. I know dudes who regularly carried 120lb rucks then add in the 30-40lbs of body armor and you’re carrying an adult ball the time
He didn’t need to shoot them all, as soon as that last shot rings out he re-assesses his situation and is no longer in danger. good training bad place to decide to test it
This dog isn’t a drug dog but Incase you’re not aware, police K-9 handlers carry small amounts of drugs in their cars so that they can continue to train the dog and keep it sharp
Guy in the 173rd pissed himself for a go at EIB last year, it was the stuff of legends
This is common on repurposed lowers, in basic I had an M4 lower that had been converted to an M4A1 and the previous markings had been crossed out and new ones stamped in
Im fairly certain that CID knows shes dead, they probably have a good idea of who dun it and they're withholding info to avoid spooking the suspect
this isnt actually him, the kid from the vine became a soundcloud rapper
Just go through and get it man, it sucks ass but grading is better than competing every year
Koreans and Vietnamese will unite into one superasia
this guy isnt the kid, he is most definitely a soundcloud rapper now
and those KPVTs or 30mm cannons would shred our MAT-Vs
Don’t need a lot, run mostly mounted ops, just need to hold 3 or 4 m4 mags
Thought about it, also thought about sewing loop into the tabs
Thought about it, but I don’t like the way chest rigs flop around. Most likely I’m going to replace the cummerbund with a JPC cummerbund and run a placard with A&amp;As adapter
now we have MIL turrets with MIL reticles. Mildot and MOA are 2 different measurements so if your scope has MOA turrets and mildot reticle and youre adjusting your scope based on previous impacts you have to do quick maths to change from your mil measurement to the MOA you input on the turret
things have changed with the T-11, Youll jump 1200AGL in airborne school, in practice we jump around 1000 and in combat we can go as low as 600
AFRICOM is quite spicy, ask any green bean and theyll tell you
its a BLUFOR tracker
train isnt moving, CAG and 160 have used this site for training since at least the 90s
nice
Well NSW arent the most tactically sound hitters
Those are the best iotvs though
Sadly
NSW makes terrible tactical decisions on a regular basis
Been on the JoJ20 train for a minute now
stop boosting people into champ for the love of god, im tired of getting boosted animals on my team
You’d be surprised
I’m 1390 MMR in standard from solo queuing and it seems like if I’m not with my buddies who are also C2-c3 my teammates are bots
Why do you think cag dudes are so jacked
OP tactical is the shit, somehow they shipped this to my APO faster than anyone else ever has
Not really, the 3 band cumberbund isnt structural like the JPC or AVS and its an elastic strap, ive heard of people modding JPC cumberbunds for use in MBAVs but the one it comes with wouldnt be a very good solution for pouches
info?
Its just a brevity code for calling in medevac
Damn, I’m living in Europe right now and those times on those days are not doable. The search continues
/r/PlebeianAR
the guy youre arguing with is talking about drones as a whole, which is still wrong since it is the missile that explodes. There have been lots of reports of collateral damage when using hellfires with explosive warheads so the new hellfire r9x was conceived
Its not a flechette. It literally has blades, that stay attatched to the missile the whole time
at least he put the mount on his optic correctly
Monroe County, Ny 127 days from the day they took my prints until I got the card. Currently have a G22 and G19 on the way. Training: Active Mil Thoughts: honestly I’m surprised it was processed as quick as it was given NYS reputation and everything shutting down due to the covid pandemic. The biggest wait was for the judges to come back into work as the deputy investigating me had finished his paperwork and submitted it sometime at the end of February.
Yea strange thing about NYS is that the longer you stay here the more you start to resemble a clown
Ehh I dunno if Cali is better, I’ve heard it’s damn near impossible to get a CCW in Cali, and our rifle laws are pretty much the same AFAIK
I’ve been caught off guard by apaches more times than I can count while walking around the woods of Germany, those fuckers are sneaky. Glad they’re on my team
