I realise I'm in a minority of one but I hated Dunkirk. I found it a tedious, predictable, plotless, incoherent, cold and bloodless film with all the drama of watching paint dry. Visually impressive, sure, but nothing done with it. And it all felt so small-scale. I've never been so disappointed with a film.
I think I'd have kept unloading, being absolutely certain to bash a very large number of holes in the side of the car with the wheelchair. Probably while screaming "YOU SEE? YOU SEE? THIS IS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU FUCK A STRANGER IN THE ASS!!!!!"
Actually, the correct parallel to bitching about not being able to find a locker in January would be bitching about not being able to get a table at Christmas. It being 'your restaurant' because you go there a lot, not because you have shares in it. Are you seriously suggesting that using a locker is tantamount to shitting on the floor? Why don't you complain to the management of your gym and demand that they run 'your' business in the way you want by turning away paying customers? It's down to them ultimately, not the people who just want to get healthier without gym rats bitching at them. And $94 a dollars *a month?* Do you at least get a free handjob for that extortionate price?
You just swing it by the handles. Obviously this is fantasy. I'm British so I'd probably just tut. Maybe glare but in a subtle and deniable way in case they notice.
Judging by how many people get shot doing it, the police absolutely do treat answering the door to them as a very serious crime.
My only NY in Australia was Melbourne. The fireworks set a building on fire. You don't get that back home.
Didn't the burj khalifa catch fire earlier this year? Maybe something to do with that?
I want to see it from *inside* the building!
It just feels like chrome is a *massive* memory hog. I've got 8GB of RAM and chrome wants to use all of it all the time.
Because criminal lawyers in the UK are uniformly shite.
I think you've failed to appreciate just how vigorous and repeated the anal insertion needs to be. You have to really get it in there, like you're pumping up a bike tyre. You'll probably be a lot more satisfied with your life afterwards.
You need at least a unified police force at the state level as a bare minimum, fuck individual towns having their own police forces, not to mention sheriffs, universities, etc. Twin that with a federal investigatory agency that investigates all police-involved shootings with furious determination to jail them for any wrongdoing, heard before judges rather than juries, with dedicated prosecutors completely separate from local DAs and you'd solve the problem. Once the first fifty cops do 30 years for murder, it'd stop. Add a national policing licence and mandatory insurance for all officers, paid for out of their salary with premiums that scale severely with compensation payouts, and you'd have a law enforcement system fit for purpose.
If you lose your licence in one state, you lose it in all. You have to meet minimum standards across the whole country and without one you can't be a law enforcement officer of any kind.
I live in the UK and my pension is state-backed to the tune of ~95%. And the state will recover that from the people responsible.
Exactly. Eyewitnesses are an investigatory tool, not evidence for a conviction.
That conclusion is deeply flawed. Personally, I think welfare should be based on need rather than some absurd set of moral standards but the studies you're referring to do not support the conclusion that &lt;1% of welfare recipients are on drugs. Why? Not everyone gets tested. Less than 1% of applicants do in most states. The programmes require the people conducting the welfare assessment to chose who gets tested based on suspicion of drug use. Now, I'd bet that the people who work in welfare assessment want people to get benefits because they know how important they are, so they don't send people using drugs to get tested. Instead, they send the people who they know aren't and very few of them - less than twenty a year in some states. I'd also wager that the pitiful access to welfare plays a large part. If I'm a long-term unemployed meth user, I'm probably not going to be eligible anyway, right?
Brilliant. What a great fantasy. To my mind, I think we should apply this across the board. We know that the Russians have nuclear weapons, right? And maybe they sold them to some terrorists? And those terrorists could be right here among us? It could be that guy there, so let's shoot him. And the other guy. And that guy too. And you as well. I mean, sure, it's pretty unlikely but imagine if they were terrorists. Think of the damage they would cause. The people they would kill. The lifetimes of cancer. The poor dead guy weeping over the ashes of his dead children, purely because you didn't kill all those people. Obviously the only thing to do is just gun down everyone we see. Not because they're actually a threat or pose any risk at all but *because of the consequences if they were*.
No, it's the fantasy you've made up to defend a police officer shooting an unarmed man who was not any kind of threat according to every single police officer there, bar one.
It's not the same though, at least not in my experience. I've been in five separate European countries in the last month and the difference is unfathomable. Sure, you get dickheads everywhere but it's the amount and level of dickishness of our dickheads that make it so much worse. I saw nothing that made me feel remotely uncomfortable while away but the moment I was back, there were drunk people shouting on trains, three girls pissing in the street and a fucking fight in an Aldi checkout queue and that's just *my journey home from the airport*.
I went to a fancy private school. Grammar simply isn't taught at all. It might be corrected but it isn't taught.
Find yourself a dictionary. Look up the word socialism. You might learn something!
They're saying the exact opposite. http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-biz-trump-tax-plan-corporate-investment-20171115-story.html And with reason. I won't recite the arguments in the article because you can just read it yourself. And the only thing he has done - enrich himself and the other superwealthy - won't kick in for ages. He's had as much to do with the economy as I do. In terms of Mulleur, they're not saying they hate all Republican or politicians or any group that would amount to prejudice. They hate Trump and you're allowed to hate the subject of your investigation, especially when he's a giant anti-social asshole. How can you continue to praise someone who is described by those closest to him as a childlike fucking moron? You skipped past that bit.
Skip any further argument? You've not made any. Beyond putting your fingers in your ears and going NAHNAHNAH I CAN'T HEAR YOU TRUMPS AMAZING!!! It wouldn't matter if world peace broke out, poverty was ended and cancer was cured tomorrow. The "childlike stupid fucking moron" currently eating cheeseburgers in bed, watching tv and tweeting whatever thoughts bounce around his addled brain would have had nothing to do with it. If he's a genius, if he knows everything about everything, from renewable fuels to immigration to tax policy, point me to a substantive policy conversation he's had about anything. Anything you like. Hell, point me to a coherent *sentence*. How he be responsible for anything if he doesn't understand *anything?*. If he doesn't read? Or listen? Or have any interest in anything beyond himself? I think the most likely outcome is that the Republican party finally recognises that hitching their wagon to someone without the mental competence to do their own shoelaces is going to hurt them in the long run and he'll be removed from office by the 25th amendment. But it will be a weight around their necks, the veil will have slipped and they'll be exposed as the opportunistic shitwads they've been. They'll lose the house in 2018, more in 2020 and all fifty states go blue in the next presidential election. That's my prediction. Your beloved moron has torpedoed the entire right-wing agenda for a generation and it'll never be the way it was. You and your kind are done. You've won the battle but lost the war. And you're still bleating on about Clinton. She's not the President, she's not a candidate for anything but still you bang on about her. Your beloved President *fired the director of the FBI* to try to stop an investigation into him and his friends. He said so himself. But you brush past that and get back to pretending you have an ounce of rationality on the subject. You people are amazing.
Auld lang syne.
I've convinced Infinite jest is a practical joke. As in, *what's the worst book I can write that will still be praised as literary genius.*
Yep. This one.
I think the problem is less that people aren't showing respect and more that Jesus made it explicitly clear that shunning people for any reason is explicitly forbidden. By all means, think that I'm being disrespectful but you should welcome me anyway. And if you try and exclude me for it? You're no Christian and Jesus would have been *pissed* at you.
That's my point. They do it on impulse. If you can get them past the impulsive moment, they're generally fine in the long term. Even the more tragic ones.
Ah yes, the lesser known *"if a man strikes you on the right cheek, throw him out on his ass"* parable. Twinned with the *"Judge not? No, judge away!! I never meant this shit to actually be applied"* passage we all know from bible study. Throw in some *"forgive them not father, for they are douchebags"* and you've got yourself a pretty good representation of the branch of 'Christianity' you profess to follow. And, yeah, you're right. I probably would be turfed out of the Sistine Chapel if I was wearing shorts (although the priests standing around when I was there seemed more concerned about stopping people taking photos to bump up postcard sales). That's because the Catholic church isn't exactly a very good representation of what Jesus preached either. I don't think he'd have been thrilled at people being burnt to death because they believed in a slightly different version of him. Or being particularly thrilled at their vast wealth either. Moneylenders in the temple and all that. The Sistine chapel isn't especially holy either. It's a work of art, it's not the temple mount. The thing people like you don't get is that the way you behave is the exact opposite of what Jesus preached. He'd have hated every single thing you said and everything you stand for. He was, after all, executed for being, in your words, a disruptor and an agitator. You're simply using Jesus' name to support your own entirely non-Christian beliefs. You'd know that if you knew anything about the religion you claim to follow.
It's not for shipping iPhones to Europe. It's for moving raw materials out of central Asia to areas where they can be used. Urumqi has abundant raw materials. Oil, coal, gas, etc. Yet it's 1,600 miles from the nearest sea. That's a looooong way by truck. High speed train on the other hand...
You do move it by rail so why not high speed? Makes little difference if you crash at 90 or 250, shit's still going to blow up. Plus most of the area is empty so not much to burn if it does. Plus copper, iron ore etc doesn't burn very easily. China also thinks long-term. One day that coal will be needed and no harm in making sure it's exported through Chinese poets than Pakistani ones.
r/fuckus
If you're meaning that in the sense that anything that isn't socialism is a shitty version of socialism, sure. I cooked a sweet potato earlier. It was a shitty version of socialism.
Thanks, will post there too.
Also, Article 8 of the ECHR.
Near Gatwick? Shit, I rented from them a while back, not any more I guess...
Not automatically, yes, but in some situations they are.
The scenario you gave is exactly what happened. He's worked there for more than two years, accessed his OneDrive on a single occasion to get a copy of his bank statement and didn't log out. Unless he's specifically prohibited from doing this by his contract or IT policy, I can't see how this, in itself, could be gross misconduct. I'm not sure I agree that the gravity of the offence plays a part in determining whether the employer's actions were reasonable. Guidance I've read said that even an employee who turns up intoxicated at work, a far more serious case of gross misconduct, is still entitled to the benefit of due process when being dismissed. And can potentially succeed in an unfair dismissal claim if this doesn't happen. That's the crux of the issue for me. Thanks for the DPA advice. I'll get him to mention this to his lawyer but I agree the ICO is unlikely to do anything substantive. He's getting legal advice in the next couple of days so we'll see what happens...
I actually don't know whether it was desktop or web. Certainly makes it more problematic if it was downloaded. That said, I'm pretty confident that not following proper procedure when dismissing him will be the key.
And people need to learn the law before running their mouth off. If the charge is valid and he won't pay, the landlord can sue him. They can't steal his bike and withhold it until he does, any more than I could come round to your house and nick your car because you owe me a tenner. That's theft. He should report this to the police. The police will not laugh at him.
You have no right to unilaterally seize property to force settlement of a debt without a court order. If he didn't pay his rent, could the landlord take his car until he did? Not without a court order.
I'm afraId it's more complicated than that. If I take your property and refuse to give it back to you unless you make a payment to me and I make it clear that I won't do this, you are saying that you won't give my property back to me. And that's intent to permanently deprive. You can't unilaterally impose conditions on returning my own property to me. And think about it. If this weren't the case, it would lead to chaos. Why would I ever need to go to court to enforce a debt if I could simply steal your bike and refuse to give it back to you unless you paid me? Only, you could then steal my bike and refuse to give it back until I gave your bike back to you? And so on. The only real defence is a lack of dishonesty on the part of the landlord. And once they've had the law explained to them, they're out of luck if they still don't.
Why not create one? r/GenericElectronics or something?
Moved to London recently and was trying to find a contact - I half-seriously messaged someone I found on craigslist and he quoted me *£120* for 1/8th. Not as much as yours but not sold as top-shelf either. I could get someone to deliver me nearly an oz from my home town and have change left over from the train ticket for that much. But I guess some people must pay it.
Easily available online, just google it. Tonnes of Canadian websites that will ship a huge variety and it's usually cheaper than buying it here even with shipping.
Couple of things I'd say: Firstly, the downgrade version is set to look as terrible as possible. Max brightness on the screen, contrast all screwed up etc while the earlier version is clearly on a screen set up and optimised for it. Secondly, I'd wager money that the downgrade version is on pc with the settings turned way down, while the earlier promo version is on a beast of a gaming machine with the settings up to ultra. The particle effects alone show that. I've got watchdogs (for free) running on a not particularly powerful laptop and it looks better than the downgrade by a hell of a lot. The framerate for the Far Cry segments is noticeably below an acceptable standard, which you'd expect running on a potato. Again, I've played it and it looks better than that. Not denying that Ubisoft clearly put their best foot forward during promotional stuff and I'm no lover of the company or their business practices but I'm unconvinced that this is a fair comparison. It actually seems like a bit of a hatchet job.
There's a bad company 3 on the way? Man, I loved that game, very excited if they do another!
I bought this quite recently and found that the bullet sponge effect is beyond frustrating. Having to shoot a guy 35 times in the head before he goes down ruins the game for me. Only played about an hour and never touched it again. Should I give it another shot?
Sadly, looks like not for a while: http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-12-15-no-2018s-battlefield-game-isnt-bad-company-3 WW2 next.
On the blob...
I like that the charge included *submitting* to sexual contact. Maybe the horse should be in the dock too. Also, this comment: &gt;Must be a lib. Saw that hiney and it reminded him of Hillary and he just had to hit it This is the calibre of Fox News readers...
I think you're confused. There is a difference between how someone appears and someone's race. For example, I might say you look like a basement-dwelling neckbeard but you're actually half Portuguese half basset hound. The two are not exclusive.
Absolutely he would *not* do that. Not unless he wanted to get sued up the yingyang.
Me too! I knew it was a racist construct, just didn't know it came from slavery.
Cue.
Aren't all the comments in the comments?
Hey, apparently you *can* provide more links that you don't understand and actually undermine your point. Quite remarkable! From your own link *again*: &gt;The racial categories represent a social-political construct for the race or races that respondents consider themselves to be and, "generally reflect a social definition of race recognized in this country."[3] OMB defines the concept of race as outlined for the U.S. Census as not "scientific or anthropological" and takes into account "social and cultural characteristics as well as ancestry", using "appropriate scientific methodologies" that are not "primarily biological or genetic in reference."[4] The race categories include both racial and national-origin groups.[5] Also, didn't this whole thing start by you claiming your race is defined and you have no choice over it? Yet both the links you cite say exactly the opposite! Have you changed your mind or do you just not understand what you're saying?
*Your own sources* say that the 'white race' is a social construct, backed up by the citations from the US government. In other words, it exists because people claim it does. It is not based on any scientific, biological or genetic classification, and the whole concept is based on racist pseudoscience from slavery times. I can claim to be white and you can claim to be a Belgian waffle and both would have the same scientific basis. Your words, not mine.
Fought against corruption? &gt;Palin dismissed Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan on July 11, 2008, citing performance-related issues, such as not being "a team player on budgeting issues"[126] and "egregious rogue behavior."[127] &gt;Palin attorney Thomas Van Flein said that the "last straw" was Monegan's planned trip to Washington, D.C., to seek funding for a new, multimillion-dollar sexual assault initiative the governor hadn't yet approved.[128] &gt;Monegan said that he had resisted persistent pressure from Palin, her husband, and her staff, including state Attorney General Talis J. Colberg, to fire Palin's ex-brother-in-law, Alaska State Trooper Mike Wooten; Wooten was involved in a child custody battle with Palin's sister after a bitter divorce that included an alleged death threat against Palin's father.[129][130] &gt;At one point Sarah and Todd Palin hired a private investigator to gather information, seeking to have Wooten officially disciplined.[131] Monegan stated that he learned an internal investigation had found all but two of the allegations to be unsubstantiated, and Wooten had been disciplined for the others – an illegal moose killing and the tasering of his 11-year-old stepson, who had reportedly asked to be tasered.[130]He told the Palins that there was nothing he could do because the matter was closed.[132] &gt;When contacted by the press for comment, Monegan first acknowledged pressure to fire Wooten but said that he could not be certain that his own firing was connected to that issue;[130] he later asserted that the dispute over Wooten was a major reason for his firing.[133] Palin stated on July 17 that Monegan was not pressured to fire Wooten, nor dismissed for not doing so.[126][132] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarah_Palin
Entitled much? It seems like she's still valuable to nasa.
It also lacks any kind of drama. As Iran, I invaded Iraq, Syria, Saudia Arabia, Egypt and Lebanon without anyone doing anything. Just couldn't see the point.
Of course it does. You have supervisors and managers don't you? Team leaders? You say you were providing customer service and technical support - there's a lot of room for advancement and profession in both those fields.
Of course they do. I'm not saying long standing employees don't deserve appreciation or that the work they do isn't valuable but, ultimately, businesses run on their bottom line. If you can be replaced by a cheaper option then you should expect to be. I don't like it either but it is what it is. The trick is to make yourself *not* replaceable by a cheaper option, and you do that by adding value. By developing your skills and your role into something more than entry level. By constantly seeking to improve. Besides, it would be equally true to say that not every lawyer can be a partner. Not every doctor can be a chief of medicine. Not every civil servant can be a permenant secretary. But it would be silly to say that these are careers without the possibility of progression. And some of them so get there and it's not the ones who are happy to do the same job for fifteen years.
What I find most amusing is that it wasn't even his grammar being corrected! He's this angry on behalf of someone he's never even met having their grammar corrected.
You also repeat the word 'the' in your first sentence.
*friend's resume.
Similar things can happen in the UK. Anyone you owe money to can secure a charge on your property for the debt and sell it from under you if you don't pay. Although good luck doing it for £800. And extra good luck for selling it for a fraction of what is worth, because anyone who did that would end up having to pay the homeowner the difference out of their own pocket. Fiduciary duty and all that.
Sadly, this is just far too true.
This picture isn't from Saudi.
While working customer service for a major credit card company, I had someone call up to do an address change and casually drop into conversation that he worked for some rich oil traders and if we lent him £1m for a week, then he'd return £2m and were we interested in doing that? I've no idea what he was expecting to happen.
I felt exactly the same. You can always tell the difference between a real story and someone pretending. This has the whiff of pretence. Who knows how good another sub's verification effort is?
Genuine question - was the breathalizer completely broken? Or had you been drinking before you drove? I ask because I see a lot of this. *damn police pulled me over to test me, fucking police state!* *I'd only had four beers!!*
Amazing how many people will excuse drink driving. He's literally driving under the influence of alcohol, at a blood alcohol content that is over the legal limit in almost every country in the world, that would clearly and noticeably have impaired his driving, and still got off on a maintenance technicality. But drink driving fines are *just to raise revenue, it's so unfair*. I've never had a drink driving ticket or be breathalized and you know why? Because I don't drink and drive! I mean, who know not getting liquored up before getting behind the wheel might cut down on being done for drink driving...
Did you miss the part, where even with the maximum margin, he'd have blown a 0.78. 0.02 under the limit. Was he breaking the law? No, *just barely*. In a country with a drink drive limit already double what most countries have. Is he a giant asshole whining about police harassment when he'd drunk the absolute most that it's possible to drink and still be on the right side of the law? You bet. And I bet he was over too, the whole 'prove the machine was calibrated' trick is a classic lawyer play for getting drunk people off. I don't blame him for wanting to dodge a bullet but bitching about how unreasonable the police were is the mark of someone who cannot take responsibility for their actions.
People don't like being told they're wrong. Plenty of die-hard drink drivers out there, convinced they're safer after a few beers and raging at anyone who dares question them. Edit: seems he's not just down with drink driving, excuses sexual assault as well. Barely needs to out himself as a mid-20s college kid...
You're way over the limit for having your judgement and reaction time impaired though.
Classic America...
For a flavour of how desperately out of touch they are, read this for a laugh: https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/7qax47/a_couple_of_possibilities_for_what_really_went/dso3b0g
I think he's become confused and mistook this for a place where there was *some* interest in the facts, rather than just roleplaying "what's the dumbest thing I can get people on the internet to pretend to believe". Rookie mistake, but understandable. Incidentally, I made some toast earlier today and the burn patterns were conclusive proof that Trump murdered Martin Luther King in the parlour with a candlestick. Unfortunately, the toast was stolen by UN FEMA black helicopters before I could photograph it. Probably stashed in Area 52 by now (like Area 51, but *more* secret).
If you're interested in the truth... https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/01/04/did-the-clinton-foundation-pay-for-chelseas-wedding/
Is anything I've said incorrect?
Intravenously.
Either that or smoke it.
Julian fries!
Because of the lack of universal healthcare.
I don't buy that argument. If it were true that US maternity care were on a par with the rest of the world, you'd see other stats being the same. But US maternal mortality rates are also the highest in the developed world. I'm not saying that counting live births differently has no impact on the numbers but no way does it explain the difference. Nor does your article claim it does.
But how do I get my tub off the beach?
It's not just about taking good pictures. I bought a DSLR a while back because I wanted to learn about photography. Can't do that with your phone. I can't imagine someone asking me for help on how to get started in any field and dismissing them with "yeah, you'll never be any good, don't even bother trying, just use your phone". It's pretty arrogant. Edit: plus, it's not even good advice. I bought a Pentax K3 body in great condition for the equivalent of about $250.
I got the kit lense for about $40, picked up a 50mm prime and a telephoto lense for about another $150. The kind of thing that a helpful person would point you in the direction of.
This kind of bias would probably result in a mistrial in my jurisdiction, and reasonably severe punishment for the judge. However much you legitimately hate the guy, you still have to be impartial as a judge. You can't sentence a guy for longer or refuse to consider his mitigating evidence just because you don't like him.
Cowmen.
For Amex, I believe the merchant has six months to present the transaction, although your jurisdiction may vary.
So you've no interest in the topic and are posting purely to insult someone? Well, in that vein, christ you come across as a dick.
I'm no lover of Israeli foreign policy but let's not be ridiculous and claim that they're the same as ISIS. ISIS burn people to death on camera for publicity. It just makes you like you've no idea what you're talking about.
The entire article reads like the worst kind of junk science.
That sub is trash for racists. Dark humour is only funny if it's, you know, funny.
*Of course* these pieces of legislation are ineffective. If they were effective, they wouldn't be allowed to pass. No one has any interest in passing legislation that might solve the problem.
No. A millions times no. That Reuters article is dogshit for so many reasons.
You understand this is a news sub, right? Take this bullshit back to r/The_Donald.
Absolutely, but that sub is just a way for people to be openly racist and pretend that it's 'just a joke bro!!'
New Zealand is one of the world's largest exporters of butter.
Sure, banning people from owning deadly weapons, that's the real danger. God knows what could happen if you weren't able to kill dozens of people at moments notice. Imagine the horror. Personally, I find the deadly weapon in your pocket and your childlike clutching at it just so you feel important to be more dangerous than any idea. Everyone focuses on the right wing gun nut but it's people like you that are the real problem. The civilised face of a dark fetish.
People like you just have no idea. There's literally no resemblance at all, it's beyond bizarre to try to compare the two. If you want an actual comparison, Israel is closest to apartheid South Africa. Neither have anything on ISIS.
Your approach worked so well during the last civil war... *I'm getting my own way and no one will stop me, no matter the consequences!!* You've literally just said you would refuse obey the law and would murder your fellow countryman because you won't comply with a democratically made decision. Leaving outside the fact that makes you a fucking terrorist, it's just so infantile.
The assault weapons ban was pointless and it did change nothing. &gt;In 2003, the Task Force on Community Preventive Services, an independent, non-federal task force, examined an assortment of firearms laws, including the AWB, and found "insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of any of the firearms laws reviewed for preventing violence".[27] A 2004 critical review of firearms research by a National Research Council committee said that an academic study of the assault weapon ban "did not reveal any clear impacts on gun violence outcomes". The committee noted that the study's authors said the guns were used criminally with relative rarity before the ban and that its maximum potential effect on gun violence outcomes would be very small. If you want to pretend you're doing something, the best way to do it is to ban something almost no one has and to do it in a way that impacts on almost no one. This wasn't an accident and it's naive to pretend it was. Gun control will work when effective laws are passed. Banning all guns is neither pointless or arbitrary and would be spectacularly effective. Why do you think no one will do it?
So you'd hand your guns over if the second amendment was repealed and a total ban on gun ownership was put in place? Of course you wouldn't. You just said you'd start a civil war and would murder people to keep your toys. Makes it a bit late to bleat on about 'how dare you not respect the law???' when you've explicitly made clear that you'll only do that when you agree with it and would kill to stop the law being enforced, eh?
Just fyi, the leading cause of death for black males between 15 and 34 is homicide. Want to guess how many are gun deaths? But, sure, you're right. The U.S. doesn't have a gun problem. It has an fucking idiot problem. Source: you.
Well, then you're a poor judge of character, words and ideas. Not that I'd expect great judgement or anything worthwhile from an islamaphobic gun owner who pretends he's a Buddhist. What a clown.
Yes.
And if it did?
I imagine I'd have understood you if you'd said "bitxh, that dem their coasted dem somethinds" but that doesn't make any difference at all.
Independent Office For Police Conduct now, they've re-branded. Used to work for them about ten years ago!
Absolutely not. Public sector unions are absolutely vital.
I honestly cannot understand why it's such a shitshow. One state police force. One federal police force. That's all you need.
That's a fascinating explanation, I had no idea. Crazy how these things arise organically.
It's reddit. What were you have expecting?
Actually, I think you might wrong. According to this, the presumption is a *shipment* contract, unless the seller is required to deliver to a particular location. Then the presumption is a delivery contract and the seller must tender the goods to the contracted address or bear the cost of loss. http://barnespc.com/news-risk-loss-shipments-governed-ucc.php
They live in Pakistan, it's fine.
I like to imagine Hemen is his first name. Hemen He-Man.
For the same reason I think unions are vital everywhere - they have your back over your employee. You're misunderstanding what unions are supposed to do. It's not to look after the public interest or keep their members in line or to give a shit about anyone but their members. It's to protect their members at all costs, exactly the same as a defence attorney. If a police officer shoots someone, I want him to have an organisation that has his back 100% no questions asked. That will force an employer to prove every inch of its case, to only take steps that are justified to the Nth degree. It's the only way you can know that a teacher was fired for misconduct as opposed to, say, refusing to sleep with their boss. Now, you are right that this can lead to unfortunate outcomes. A police officer shoots someone and the union tells the DA that if you prosecute him, no fundraisers for you, no campaign contributions so he doesn't prosecute. Outrageous right? Yes, but your outrage is misdirected. It's not the fault of the union for doing exactly what they're supposed to do. It's the fault of a political system that allows law enforcement officials to be elected and requires them to accept bribes in the form of campaign contributions to do so. It's the fault of the DA who puts his own career over representing the people. Neither of which is the fault of the union. The other thing I don't get about people like you is how resistant to the idea of people doing nothing more than getting together and agreeing to look out for each other. Especially as this resistance only applies to workers. You people never campaign to ban the local chamber of commerce or the association of steel mill owners or the governors association, despite the fact that they are unions in all but name and far more powerful, both as individuals and as a union, than any union of workers. Yep, the only people you want to stop organising are the poor and defenceless. Funny that.
HALO...
This illustrates my point nicely, in two equally delicious ways: /1. Your point seems to be that you can't see women in this game and don't think they belong there. In other words, women should only be in games where you think it's appropriate for them to be there. Tomb Raider is fine because you approve but Battlefield is not because you don't. Gee, that sounds familiar. I wonder if that's because women have historically been told they can only fill roles where men agree that its appropriate for them to do. /2. Why does this bother you so much? Did you post angry screeds about the unrealistic weapons in Battlefield 1? Do you complain bitterly about how unrealistic it is that you can repair a tank with a hammer? Or take a grenade to the face and be healed with a syringe? Nope, it's just the *women* that bug you. You're not discussing this in a reasonable way. You're tossing off insults about agendas, referring to "you people" and screaming about having political correctness rammed down your throat to anyone who challenges you, merely at the trivially unimportant issue of having a particular gender appearing in a game. I get that you understand sexism is bad and that you don't want to identify as someone who holds socially unacceptable views. But no one gets this frothy mouthed over anything unless there's something else going on. No one acts like you without an agenda, whether you consciously acknowledge it or not. And unconscious bias is a thing.
And is responsible for opening the Pandora's Box of Republican idiocy by choosing Palin as his VP pick. You'd never have had Trump without that.
Oh yeah
The campervan racing was the best for me. You could just tell they were hysterical with laughter the whole time.
The question was "is the heart rate monitor accurate?", to which the answer is no. The fact that you don't use it doesn't somehow make it accurate.
Squad deathmatch too.
Are you under 18? Unless you fall into a very limited category of people, you have to at least make a contribution to your dentistry. For example, a crown costs £250 and if you want eg white filings on your back teeth, you've got to pay for it privately. https://www.nhs.uk/chq/pages/1786.aspx https://www.nhs.uk/chq/Pages/1781.aspx?CategoryID=74 Obviously far better than the US system but NHS dentistry is nothing like as sorted as regular NHS care.
That's a shame. I've played BF4 but don't remember it. Was it poorly implemented?
For what it's worth, I don't believe it for a second. If the game works and its a blast to play, he'll buy it. There's nothing else quite like battlefield.
That's because no one bought it. Kinda pointless supporting a game that no one is playing. Battlefield will be their headline title, I can believe they'll do what they say.
This is why I like battlefield so much. Show me another game where covering your team actually gets you top scoring over people who run and gun.
Team Fortress 2 is your answer. The game is free to play, 11 years old and make Valve *millions* of dollars a year from selling hats.
For sure. Also, it's conquest, not deathmatch. PTFO...
I think you're missing that Mao and Stalin killed all those people for political reasons - for an actual goal. For me, murdering people for racial reasons is far worse, no matter the raw numbers.
That sounds pretty terrible, to be fair. I think it would need to be far more tactical than that.
As someone on the other side of this fence, I think a lot of people with ADHD don't understand how frustrating it can be to be on the receiving end of this type of thing. Ultimately, whether you have a medical explanation for it or not makes no difference to the person on the end of it. It feels exactly the same to them either way and blaming them for what is a natural response is counterproductive. And it's made worse by responding with 'what do you expect, I have ADHD, lah lah lah, you can't expect any better from me'. I agree it's pointless getting angry with someone who literally can't control this type of thing but that doesn't mean you have to act like the consequences should just be ignored because of your medical condition. I spend a lot of time with two people with ADHD: My mother, who will show up two hours late for things, claim that we'd agreed a different time, then blame me for her being late, then finish with "stop being unhappy, I have ADHD and you can't expect anything more from me". My mother's life is a catastrophic dumpster fire. My line manager at work, who is incredibly disorganised, late all the time and routinely forgets to do quite vital things. When called on this, she's apologetic, tries to fix the problem, promises to try harder and noticeably does so. She's a senior government manager with a very responsible job, and she gets given a tonne of slack with the stuff she finds hard because we all know she tries as hard as she can to do the best she can. The difference is attitude. My mother treats her ADHD as a magical get out of jail excuse that can be used to justify anything, escape any blame for consequences and generally allow her to put her fingers in her ears and deny any responsibility for what happens in her life. She's like a paraplegic who lies in bed all day because her legs don't work. My manager recognises that she has problems that she has to learn how to manage and overcome in order to succeed. She's like a paralympian doing the 400m in a wheelchair. Same problem. Different approach. Different outcome.
If you're not fucking your staff over, you don't need to fear a union. Guy sounds like a giant prick.
Definitely not, the US had it barely 24 years ago. It's ridiculous to give it to them again.
Oceania has never had it. If you going to rotate like that, Australia and NZ will get every fifth World Cup. Obviously that's not going to happen. Strict continent rotation is absurd when one continent only has three countries.
He should have just googled it, the idiot.
I believe that's because it's a 'Right To Kill' state.
I used a UPS store in Toronto that called them suites. Suite 123, 112 Elizabeth Street. Used it for all sorts of places that ban PO box addresses.
No, that's a silly idea. The guy who got shot, he should have a had a gun too, then he could either have shot the bullet out of the air or shot the FBI agent before he shot him. Problem solved!
I know, right?
And more nutritious too!
I'm pretty sure I've waited that long at a level crossing before.
Yeah, they'll probably want to give you some free.
Well, cheap prostitutes *are* what I look for in a holiday destination. Nothing worse than going over the hooker budget.
And what kind of store sells tampons and 4x4s?
Can you not reform a natural predator or a conman? This is the problem. You want a different outcome but without actually changing the approach.
80% success rate in Norway, which kind of proves the point. You mean "none of the programmes we've tried or are willing to try work". If you want different outcomes, you need to do different things.
The last implemented maps aren't that good, to be fair. I think they'd be empty even if premium pass wasn't a thing.
Just make it so the highest ranked player is the commander by default and get rid of the uavs. Job done.
Are you connecting via WiFi or cable?
Jesus christ people, 30 upvotes for this bullshit? For shame.
Yes. Battlefield V is all part of a secret communist plot to repress your beloved fascists. Won't anyone please think of the poor fascists??
This is the positive aspect of all of this ridiculous bitching. If these clowns genuinely do follow through and don't buy the game then we're rid of them for good!
You're absolutely right, OP has confused the majority opinion with a concurring one. The case was decided on whether the Commission had given the baker's religious views neutral and respectful consideration. The majority weren't saying the decision was wrong, merely that it had been wrongly made. I suspect a similar case without the overt hostility to religion would be decided differently.
Orders!
&gt;skirts For fucks sake.
*It's ok, your family isn't dead really! The policeman was only joking!*
I got arrested the last time I tried to donate blood. The police were all like "who's blood is this?" "Where did you get it?" No gratitude.
I like to find someone who eats a lot of dark meat and eat them.
Are you calling me....an accountant? Because that's the oddest insult ever, you forklift driver.
Exactly. Sick and tired of this shit. *Oh mah gaaadh, this game will be inclusive and I'll be exposed to unfamiliar things. Woe, woe is meeeeeeeee!!!*
I'm more upset about the fact you can't use punctuation properly...
I couldn't agree more. Streaming and stuff didn't kick in properly until my mid-20s, I didn't even have the internet when I was at university. I seriously regret not being born ten years later so I could have pissed around even more enjoyably than I did. Getting stoned every day and watching the Neighbours/Doctors/Diagnosis Murder/Teletubbies quadrangle doesn't really compare with what kids today have.
I got stuck on the final level of Need For Speed: The Run with a mate for weeks. Literally 100+ attempts. Did a line of Charlie one night and nailed it first time. The drugs *do* work.
Because you don't give two tosses about historical accuracy when it doesn't relate to women. Experimental guns, all automatics, instantly leaving tanks, a gazillion non-historic things that you don't give a rats ass about. It's only women that really bothers you.
Funny how little people seem to care about this particular historical inaccuracy. Only certain types of historical inaccuracy seem to be an issue.
No Luke, I *am* your farther.
Exactly. Why not just concede defeat if you're not even going to try? Can't tell me no one in history has ever scored ten runs in the final innings.
This is a lot more horrifying if this was your ex-girlfriend.
The difference is that objecting to abortion is a philosophical issue that requires nothing but profound beliefs. In contrast, actually caring for a child requires time, money, effort and being a reasonably decent person.
It's pretty easy to drink them if you put them in a blender first.
Make it collapsible and you're onto a winner here!
I'm reasonably convinced that this is constitutional simply because that was decided by the people ie judges who benefit from it.
No, of course it would be harder. It would also be a lot more orderly if the police could just stop you saying things they didn't like, right?
And Battlefield being a digital download, the marginal cost is zero. You should set the price at whichever level of price x quantity generates the highest revenue.
Yes, but demanding an end to abortion takes almost no effort.
You could have said there'll be dinosaurs in the game and it wouldn't be *untrue* as such. It would just be nonsensical speculation.
Exactly. Clearly operations will be the big beast but I'd welcome a BR mode. They've always tacked on new game modes (war pigeons anyone??), what on earth is wrong with them including a top notch BR mode?
Erm, tonnes of people asked for it.
Obviously Desiree is someone he has a crush on and this is the resulting fantasy. There's a few like this in his history. It's a bit tragic really. Hope he stops spending some much time watching TV and gets his life together.
Shit, I used to know a lot of girls like that and suddenly a lot makes sense...
Good luck!
But not as thick as semen.
How do you annoy Lady Gaga? Pokerface.
What a completely reasonable reaction. Nothing wrong with you, no siree.
Wouldn't you say you turned your life around?
NO WE'RE FOOKING NOT!!! ^^I'm ^^not ^^Scottish
Absolutely. I dislike the fact that I can shoot someone seven times in the back only to have them turn around and shoot me before all their health is gone. Bring on quicker deaths.
I'm a hypersexual dudebro? I never knew! Where do I claim my hypersex?
Yeah, definitely no British Asian paratroopers. https://www.paradata.org.uk/unit/153-gurkha-parachute-battalion
Because it's nothing to do with the clothing. All these dickheads are just pissed about women being in the game and are looking for anything to complain about. Literally anything. If they'd said no BR, they'd have bitched about that instead.
Me too, it's beyond retarded. I'm just going to sit there anyway, why can't I just wait??
They're focusing on it so much, *it won't even be in at launch*.
There's nothing apologetic about it. It's a perfect rebuttal of their nonsense. Your comment just undermines their narrative that having women in the game is a personal affront to the nutter butter's manhoods and so they are downvote frenzying anything that hints at questioning that.
Read thread title. Just says British Asian paratroopers, as if these are completely fictional.
USA https://m.imgur.com/0IQUhMJ
Thanks for flagging yourself as a nutterbutter! Good to get a warning.
I changed it to nutterbutter, you read your messages too quickly.
It's not even going to be in at launch....
Where can I collect my cheque?
It's also incredible unstealthy. I mean, it's right there, I can see it and everything.
Kind of an odd reaction, don't you think? AGREE WITH ME!! NO?? YOU'RE BLOCKED!!!
If this game has been good for one thing, it's been exposing how toxic so many people are on this sub.
I feel like I'm sick and tired of hearing the same damn bitching and moaning all the live long day. Is this literally the only thing you have to say about the game??
Couldn't agree more.
Male models?
Well, I found the fact that you clearly express your love for Nazis and overall homophobic attitudes pretty offensive. I mean, you actually said nothing of the sort but if you're allowed to pretend you saw yellow breaking bad outfits and pink kimonos then I reckon I can just make stuff up too. Why do you hate elephants so much? I can't believe you killed one for fun.
This is an evidential issue. Can you show on the balance of probabilities that the tablet was damaged after you handed it over? That could be tough to do, sadly.
Unless they specifically detail the condition of the item for sale, which is what the dealer appears to be claiming they did. As with so much of these questions, this is evidential. If OP has a copy of the contract that doesn't say that the item was sold as is for spares, that should do it for his small claims. Probably some offences been committed too if they really did add them in afterwards.
Exactly, sadly no argument for misrepresentation when you've not signed anything. Two thoughts: Has your conveyancing solicitor not advised you on this? It's what you pay them for. If I've agreed in principle to pay full price on the grounds of no chain and speedy completion, I'd only agree to wait if provided with an appropriate discount on the previously agreed price. Otherwise, good night Vienna...
Firstly, OP, you haven't been dismissed. Telling you to look for a new job sounds like an angry manager losing his temper but he seems very careful to not actually dismiss you but rather hope that you just resign. This is important. Do not resign. Keep showing up. Secondly, while the advice you're being given about not qualifying for unfair dismissal is correct, you don't work for this manager. You don't work for a corner shop. You work for Tesco, a large multinational organisation with an HR department and more policies than you can shake a stick at. You have a contractual right to a disciplinary process and your manager cannot simply dismiss you on a whim or he will find himself in far more trouble than you are. Their threshold is not "can we sack this guy without being sued?". It's "does sacking this guy comply with our internal policies and, if not, why the shit are we sacking him?" I've previously worked for a similar size organisation and I've known managers be fired for trying to unfairly sack people over personal disagreements like this, even where it wasn't automatically unfair dismissal. Tesco HR do not want this stuff happening. Thirdly, this hinges on your contract. Read it. What does it say about overtime and short notice? What does it say about performance management? **If what you're doing is what your contract says you need to do about overtime and short notice,** then request a meeting with your manager. I'd recommend exercising your right to have a colleague with you, ideally a union rep. Explain that you are concerned that you are simply doing what your contract says you should do and you don't understand why you are being threatened with dismissal. Ask if you have been dismissed. If he says yes, ask for a written confirmation and explanation of the reasons. Ask why you have not been subjected to your contractual disciplinary proceedings. Get him to say as much as you can. Then call either his manager, your Tesco area manager or Tesco central HR, explain what's happened and ask for their help. Explain that you're just trying to do the right thing and you don't understand why you're being penalised or dismissed for doing what your contract says you should do. If you're reasonable, stay calm and put your case across well, you'd likely find they'll be on your side. Tesco likely has a formal grievance procedure so follow that if needed. But it won't come to that because your manager will simply say you're not dismissed. He's not saying your dismissed right now because he's not stupid and knows that he has to justify it to tesco HR and he will not be able to do that. Much easier to simply imply you're dismissed and hope you stop showing up. That said, this kind of powerplay rarely ends well. Your manager is unlikely to appreciate the outcome and may well try to get rid of you in a legitimate way down the line, but at least it buys you some breathing time to find somewhere new. And, ultimately, you may find that he's calmed down and things go back to normal. Good luck.
Lawfully, sure, but that won't be the threshold. Tesco has internal processes that they have to follow and this won't be it. There's a reason he didn't say "you're fired" and it's because he's not allowed to do that because it would be a breach of tesco policy.
I see the reasonableness continues. Best thing about people like you, a little prod and your true nature comes pouring out. I won't cite your previous post history on some of the less salubrious sinkholes on reddit, although it's worth a read if anyone wants an idea of the nature of this particular beast. Especially this: https://www.reddit.com/r/Battlefield/comments/8s2n69/z/e110o93 Rarely do you see a spleen so thoroughly vented that you reach the character limit and have to continue in a second and third message... All I really said was you're making stuff up. Outright making it up. And because you think it's OK to make stuff up, can't complain when others do, you donkey rapist.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Battlefield/comments/8qynt7/were_done_its_over_new_rule_no_more_bitching
It's way over. London legal fees are half that, it's absurd to pay double in Yorkshire. Are you sure it's not £1.5k including disbursements? That would be more reasonable. If £1.5k really are the actual legal fees, then you're being taken for a ride. Fortunately, he's shafted himself by not providing a client care letter until he's part way through the transaction. Get a couple of quotes from other firms so you can get an idea of the local market. Then go back to him, point out the rampant price gouging and the breach of the SRA code of conduct in not providing an estimate of fees in advance of starting work, politely suggest that he may want to lower his fees to somewhere in the region of a non-comedy price because you're not paying that and remember not to hire friends as solicitors in future...
I have sowed division among my people.
The swastika is an image that only relates to a genocidal nazi regime, created and promulgated by a genocidal manic leading the single most horrific regime in human history. It's the symbol of genocide. The hammer and sickle was on the soviet flag for three quarters of a century, created as a result of a competition by Lenin before Stalin ever came to power and was there for decades after his death. Hell, the hammer and sickle was on Chilean currency when Stalin was a toddler and still is, as far as I know. Aeroflot use it to this day. It was also intended to be a symbol of peace, symbolising the struggle of the proletariat. And, yes, I know that the swastika was a Hindu symbol before Hitler co-opted it but the nazi usage has obliterated any other meaning in the way that has not happened with the hammer and sickle. It's beyond facile to compare the two. You may as well say that shoes are a symbol of genocide comparable to the swastika because Stalin wore shoes.
I think you're missing the point I'm making entirely. You probably can't see it over the mountain of froth you're generating. Anyhoo, I'm sure you have better things to do, like scream hysterically at neighbourhood cats.
You should be asking if you are actually dismissed. If so, then yes, you do want why put in writing. Tesco policies will absolutely require that, although you're not actually legally entitled to it. The overtime thing is a bit tricky. Expecting you to do extra shifts isn't necessarily the same as being required to, but I'm not sure what the strict position is. I suspect it would come down to whether you could reasonably be expected to work an extra shift on two hours notice and I suspect the answer is no, it wouldn't be reasonable. I'd probably call ACAS and ask. http://m.acas.org.uk Hit the contact us section. They should be able to give you specific advice on whether you're actually required to work overtime and what an acceptable notice period is. Might be worth checking your employee handbook too, I bet it answers this directly, as well as setting out the processes your manager should be following. www.ourtesco.com Looks like it's all on there, under people policies. Edit: just one other thing, you said he recorded your leave request as an unplanned absence? That's worrying because that's something they actually could fire you for. If your manager actually consented to you being off, that's leave, not unplanned absence, especially if you made the request in the right way and there was no valid reason to refuse it. It would be very odd for an employer to refuse leave needed due to a house move. You need to make sure that's recorded correctly. Again, check your employee handbook, get guidance from your HR team.
I'm not saying it was good. Just that not all ideologies that lead to lots of people dying are the same. Between 1885 and 1908, Belgium killed 10m people in the Congo Free State, half the population. Is Belgium as bad the Nazis? Was King Leopold worse than Hitler? Obviously not.
I'm not defending *anything*. I'm simply saying that killing people because you're paranoid or for political reasons or because you're happy to break as many eggs as it needs to make the omelette you want and simply don't care about the consequences is not the same as fucking gassing people because you think they're sub-human and unworthy of life. I'm *amazed* that this still needs to be spelled out.
I showed my drivers licence photo to my brother's wife. She said "aww, it looks like you have down's syndrome". :-/
Unfortunately, words have specific meanings and "executions and killings" are not sufficient to constitute genocide. It simply doesn't mean what you say it does. The actual meaning of the word is arguable but is usually considered as "acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial or religious group". Murdering for power doesn't reach that threshold. And if you do consider starving the population of the Ukrainian, the most arguably genocidal act carried out by Stalin, there's no way to use a definition that covers that but excludes, for example, the US treatment of native Americans. These are far more complex issues than you think.
I propose that we replace the word "diving" with the word "flopping". *I can't believe that bastard's flopped again. Gerrard used to flop all the time. I can't even think about getting up on the 50m flopping board.*
Firstly, can we stop calling me a "soviet sympathiser". Saying Hitler was worse than Stalin does not make me approve of Stalin, unless you're saying you approve of Hitler because you think Stalin was worse? Is that what you're saying? You're a Hitler supporter? No? So stop saying the equivalent about me because it just makes you look like a dickhead. Secondly, it's simply a question of logic. By the most broadly accepted definition, Stalin did not engage on genocide and Hitler did. Even if you argue, as some do, that the Holodomor was genocide, that's the only one. That's not to minimise the evil of Stalin's actions or to claim that Hitler killed more, simply that it's generally accepted that the most widely used definition of genocide does not capture his killings. Motive, the reason for the killings, is absolutely paramount and Stalin lacked a genocidal motive. He didn't want to kill particular ethnic groups because he wanted to eliminate them. He wanted to kill particular people and eliminate particular political groups because he saw them as a threat to his power. Hitler was all genocide, all the time. Jews, Slavs, Roma, Jehovah's Witnesses, all subjected to genocide. He wanted to eliminate certain ethnic groups because of their ethnicity, not because they posed any kind of threat to his power. With me so far? So why does this matter? Because it is accepted that genocide is worse than regular political killings. To the extent that the United States is legally obliged by domestic law to militarily intervene against any country committing genocide. Specific laws exists against it. The same does not apply to regular political murders, however numerous. If its not genocide, its not seen as badly. That's fact. Not my opinion, not a question of debate, but actual fact. I swear, whenever I see this bizarre view that Stalin and the Soviet Union was worse than Hitler and the Nazis, I always think that this is the end product of 100 years of being terrified of communism and reds under the bed. So terrified that an entire nation of adults have been brainwashed into thinking that gassing Jews in concentration camps is preferable to large scale political repression. It's unfathomable. And, if that doesn't convince you, consider this. Perfectly implemented communism as set out by Marx would be a freaking paradise. Killing people for any reason has nothing whatsoever to do with the underlying philosophy and Marx would have loathed the Soviet Union. Stalin was no more a true communist than you are. Perfectly implemented fascism as set out by its architect would be hell on earth. Hitler built exactly the state system his philosophy called for and look what it turned out to be. Killing is inherent in nazism. And that's why Hitler was worse than Stalin.
So you're a nazi, right? Because if saying that Hitler was worse than Stalin makes me a communist then saying the reverse, that Stalin was worse than Hitler, makes you a nazi. It's like you don't even understand what you're saying.
Yes, absolutely. The difference being that concessions I agree with are perfectly acceptable and cause no issues at all, but any concessions that I don't agree with are absolutely unacceptable and ruin the game.
Stalingrad is kinda unplayed though. Can't remember a mainstream game that really did it properly. I reckon it's exactly the type of map that will turn up down the line.
I would be. Think that'd be a great idea, if done in a way that is nothing like Nazi zombies.
No I didn't. Provide a quote of where I say that.
That doesn't make any sense. How can you say "murder is murder! It's all the same!" and then immediately list three different types of murder, all of which are treated differently? And not all sentences for murder are the same within a particular degree. Obviously that's not true.
Horses do not have belly buttons. That's a filthy and disgusting lie.
No, this was during roman times when everyone used microwaves.
It's actually far more complicated than that but I agree that all are bad. But it's not enough to say its FUCKING BAD and that's all the definition we need. We need to know how fucking bad a particular murder is because you can't treat everyone the same. No one would argue that murdering someone who raped your child should be punished in the same way as murdering someone during an armed robbery because they won't give up the money. That's obvious, right? Yet both can be first degree murder. So you need to decide which is worse. In other words, murder is not murder. Also, sentencing is simply judges applying the law to determine a punishment. They don't get to make it up as they go along.
I refuse to believe this is true. You could be an actual horse swearing an affidavit under penalty of perjury and I still wouldn't believe you.
This is where you're going wrong. Killing political groups is not genocide. The most commonly accepted definition is that used in the The Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This defines it as "...any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group...". As such, it excludes social and political groups. You can argue it *should* include them but you can't argue that it does. And so the rest of your argument falls apart. And arguing that something is worse than something else doesn't mean I sympathise with it. I think killing fifty people is worse than killing ten. Does that mean I sympathise with people who only kill ten? Or that I'm rationalising killing ten people? Obviously not, that's a ridiculously illogical argument to make. And, in principle, what's wrong with communism? What's the problem with the underlying theory?
No. What if it turned out to be true?? I couldn’t live with that.
That depends on far back you go and what you define as human history.
I'm no economist but, unlike Greece, the US government owes a substantial part of its debt to itself. What stops that debt simply being forgiven?
Nonsense. Last Thursdayism is the only true faith.
Apes are not apex predators, sorry buddy. Apex predators have no natural predators. I assure you, plenty of things can kill and eat an ape. You said it yourself: "near the top of the food chain". That's not enough to be an *apex* predator. Apex means the top. Arguably, neither are modern humans. And his comment isn't ignorant. Human evolution has been working for 85 million years and we've been prey for almost all of that, and that's just from the divergence point from other mammals.
Obviously you've never been to one of my vomit parties.
Ah, you've misunderstood my point entirely. When I say intent matters, I was trying to say that why you kill someone is important. That killing someone because you think they're sub-human is worse than killing someone for political gain. It's obviously inherent in that Stalin did intend to kill people, or at least was wildly reckless as to whether people died as a result of his policies. But that is not the same as what Hitler did.
Sure, you can argue that but you'd be wrong. Under the most widely used definition, they're not included. The Convention I mentioned earlier is regularly criticised for excluding them but exclude them it does. Killing communists, hippies and gay people is not genocide as defined under international law.
Sure. You obviously know what I believe better than I do.
Although most people are surprised to learn that he was a Syrian of Greek extraction dude who never even set foot in England.
I think that's backwards. It's a sad fact that there are a lot of people who are racist, misogynistic, anti-immigrant, anti-progess, homophobic and so on. And they don't feel this way because they watch Fox News, they watch Fox News because they feel this way and it tells them what they want to hear. And if Fox News vanished overnight, their beliefs won't suddenly change. For all their faults, the GOP, especially with Trump, gets one thing right - they recognise that they are never going to win over the people that oppose them and so they marginalise them. They make it so they don't matter any more. And so it should be the same on the progressive side. Who gives a shit about appealing to some racist dick living in a backwater somewhere? Why should progressives moderate their beliefs so he doesn't feel excluded? Fuck him. You think he'll ever budge on what he believes? Get a committed 51% and that's all you need to win. Trying to pander to everyone in the name of inclusiveness is just another way to fail.
&gt;However, that does not end the issue with Rothweiler’s “Maxim of Law” defence. He says “an un-refuted notice stands as truth”. Not only is this maxim one that has never been applied in Canadian courts, it is not even a “Maxim of Law” at all! Not only does this “Maxim of Law” not appear in any Canadian or UK court cases, or Black’s Law Dictionary, but, when “Google” searched, that phrase had no matches at all. The only conclusion I can reach is that Rothweiler just made up this allegedly immutable principle himself. The withering scorn is quite something!
Me too, to be honest. I greatly enjoy BF1, but the constant automatic fire does make it feel like a far more modern game. Understand why they included them but do wish they'd gone a different way.
Whenever I see this type of comment, I always check the comment history and, hey, who would have thought, it's the usual homophobic slurs, racism and general unpleasantness. Funny how everyone who bleats on about how much they hate agendas always has a very specific agenda-filled view on the world.
Motorcycles? In BF1? Horses for the win.
Absolutely. Felt so open worldm BC2, while still fun, didn't have that at all. Much more on rails.
I used to sit in a bush next to a busy path on the way to the objective in rush and shoot people in the head from ten feet away. No expects the true bush wookie.
There is absolutely no way that Gove would ever win an election, either of MPs, tory party members or the wider electorate. And the Tory MPs know this. They're insane bastards but they're not that insane.
From one set of bookies. He's a complete no hoper in polling, in all three groups I mentioned. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next_Conservative_Party_(UK)_leadership_election
I think a five minute Google makes clear that it's on a par with aromatherapy and acupuncture. Just another pseudoscience. To whit: https://www.psychologytoday.com/gb/blog/curious/201402/why-are-deepak-chopra-emdr-important-science-and-life Although I think we could all get behind Elmo Mood Dysregulation Reorganization.
It's important to make sure that you're vice is directed well at a regional level.
I love skis but always end up skiing backwards and could never master turning around :-(
How do you know he was tortured into a coma? Even the coroner said there were no signs of torture. So either you have some secret insider source in the North Korean regime or you're making shit up. Besides, NK doesn't want to kill Americans that are detained. There's no propaganda in that. They want them as bargaining chips.
Because facts matter.
Constitutional crisis is simply a euphemism for 'we'd overthrow the monarchy and set up a new system'. And that is what would happen, in all likelihood. But under current law, its simply a question of logic that a bill is not a law until it receives assent. Consider this. Is a bill law the moment it passes the parliamentary stage? No, not until royal assent is received. A delay in royal assent means that a delay in a bill becoming law. It cannot become law until that it is received. If the queen says "nah not today, I'll do it tomorrow" the bill becomes law tomorrow. If she says next week, its next week. At what point could this carry on until? Is the deadline two weeks? A month? A year? At what point does the bill become law if consent is delayed rather than refused? What if the queen dies? Can laws be passed until a new monarch is crowned? No, they cannot. Again, I understand that from a practical viewpoint, refusing assent would simply lead to the monarch being overthrown, albeit it would be unlawfully overthrown. But legally? Under the current system? Can't be law without assent. You'd have to destroy the whole system to get around that. Even Parliament itself admits that (my emphasis): &gt;Royal Assent is the Monarch's agreement that is required to make a Bill into an Act of Parliament. While **the Monarch has the right to refuse Royal Assent**, nowadays this does not happen; the last such occasion was in 1707, and Royal Assent is **regarded** today as a formality https://www.parliament.uk/site-information/glossary/royal-assent/
There's an important point here - the queen doesn't just assent to law, she is the law. She is the source of all law in a very real way. Its not just a question of signing a piece of paper - under our system, without the Crown there is no law. It's for this reason that parliament cannot substitute its assent for the queen's. They cannot lawfully do so.
I know that's the theory but I can never get it to work reliably or quickly enough.
That's because Battlefield 4 is a very old game with a dedicated player base. I just played a match with a dozen players ranked under 10. Nothing to do with the game, everything to do with the players.
I agree to be honest. I'll happily shoot at people I can't even see through smoke and gas but it feels stupid. I shouldn't be able to kill people I can't see.
True. I have almost as much money as Bill Gates.
Yeah, it's outrageous. How dare they make the game they want?! Acting like it's their money on the line, their IP and their time and effort! I honestly cannot believe they don't understand its your game and they have to make it exactly how you want.
These people are genuinely insane. BF1 sold better than any other battlefield game in history but apparently its falling apart.
Can I have $20?
You really need to calm down dude, people will start to think you're blind.
Sheesh, who knew blind people were so touchy, eh?
That would certainly cut down on grenade spam. I'd be worried having so much flexibility would lead to an ideal loadout that everyone would use. I think the limitations of specific classes make for a more balanced game, for me at least.
Each letter looks *exactly* the same? I dunno man, that seems like it would make reading quite hard.
I keep reporting them but they don't seem to come down.
Projection 101...
The best way to do is to run as quickly as possible towards the police station holding the gun pointing away from you. If challenged, scream "I'VE GOT SOMETHING FOR YOU!!!"
They're also very unsafe. Manilla traffic would be a hell of a lot better if their public transport system moved into the 21st century. Hell, even the 20th century would be a start...
I'm pretty sure I've eaten a whole bags of cashews before. I've never taken prozac but I believe that taking several doses of it would have some unfortunate side effects.
It was a city property. Presumable the jury felt that the landlord had at least some responsibility to prevent their property from being used in a way that endangers visitors.
I think Yeos Soy Milk is made with Canadian soybeans.
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/canadian-passports/children/apply.html
That's exactly what I thought. They have A. They have B. They have nothing that shows A=B.
One of my many many flaws is being super suspicious of pretty much everyone, especially of people who post sad stories on reddit. Putting on my suspicious hat, does this ring entirely true to you? Large call centres connected to large businesses don't sack staff for following policy. They don't sack staff on the say-so of a single manager, especially when it goes against company policy to do so. They have robust and non-deleteable call recordings. I know this because I've worked for a major call centre. They get this stuff right because an organisation with that number of staff will suffer if they don't - they don't want lawsuits every week and they will get them every week if they allow this type of thing. Experienced staff, especially those who are good at their job, aren't let go for nothing because they're tough to replace. His manager walking over to the team of people who deal with the call recordings and asking them to delete a call would result in pretty serious consequences for them. OP hasn't provided a lot of detail about what happened with their manager. He specifically doesn't say *why* the manager would do this. What reason did he give? Or why he'd be escorted from the building rather than suspended during an investigation? Also, look at the time. OP posted this between 10pm and 2am, depending on where in the US he is. Finally, OP posted a week ago asking for money on another sub. I'm not saying that OP is definitely making this up in the hope of some kind hearted person bunging them some cash but its definitely a possibility. Edit: OP's now deleted his post....
Actually, the idea of the second amendment was that if some crazy loons rose up and tried to overthrow the legitimate government then the government could call on some well organised militia to crush the shit out of the rebels.
Compared with the US? Not even close.
Have you been to Canada? Or ever seen a can of anchovies?
I imagine that's great advice for all the huge numbers of North Cameroonians on reddit.
You're not serious, right? The US has one of the most restrictive immigration policies in the world. Case in point - I could move to pretty much any country in the world for work purposes bar one: the US. Australia, Canada, South Africa, New Zealand, China, Egypt, Argentina, hell I could move to Saudi Arabia for work if I felt like it. But not the US.
For law enforcement purposes, sure, unless the state has expressly forbidden it. Not so much to overthrow the government though.
Historical revisionism? I posted a bunch of links for the other guy and I'd make the same suggestion to you that I did to him: Educate yourself.
I think that the problem is that 'Google' can't be generic when people are using it almost exclusively to refer *to* Google. I don't use the term to refer to Web searches, I use it to refer to Google searches, which are the only Web searches I do.
I guess it was too much trouble to read them. After all, why bother with learning anything when you already know all the answers, eh? The fact that you think I'm even making that argument sets out how off base you are. But I'll summerise its for you because I'm helpful like that. The second amendment was passed shortly a series of rebellions against the state - Shay's rebellion, the whiskey rebellion, etc. These had been crushed by militia forces. But all this rebelling raised a difficult question. At the time, a standing government army was seen as a recipe for oppression and was to avoided at all costs - this was the source of their fear of tyranny. But how do you suppress rebels, keep the population safe and maintain the authority of the state *without* a standing army? Its a tough one and they hit on extending the solution they had - arming militia forces and guaranteeing their effectiveness by ensuring that they could own firearms. In other words, the goals of the second amendment was to allow the suppression of insurrection without the formation of a standing army. It had nothing to do with an individuals right to own a gun to overthrow the state. "But wait", you cry, "I've been told differently my entire life! What's going on??" and you'd be absolutely right. For the answer to why this is, you have a helpful little organisation called the NRA. Prior to the 1970s, the 2nd amendment wasn't much of an issue. Where people even thought about it, it was understood exactly how I've laid it out above. But in the 1970s, there was a lot of rumbling about gun control and the NRA, an organisation made up of sport shooters at the time, became concerned that this could lead to the banning of guns entirely. They needed something special to stop this, some special status for guns, and they landed on the 2nd amendment. Now, an amendment passed to allow easier state suppression of rebels isn't very sexy and doesn't provide much weight to the argument that guns are a vital part of society. After all, not many rebels around these days, right? But imagine if you could reframe that argument. So instead of being a tool of state suppression, it becomes a tool of freedom. Pretty potent stuff, right? Imagine if you could convince people that the 2nd amendment was about allowing people to overthrow a tyrannical state? And that guns are a right tantamount to freedom of religion or a free press. That's propaganda gold. And, as a bonus, it allows you to claim anyone who supports gun control supports tyranny and state suppression of your rights. And, after all, Americans know so little about their own history. So few people would know what the truth actually was that a well organised campaign to spread their lie would be almost unstoppable. Just need to mash together a few apocryphal quotes from the 'founding fathers', spin the history, tell a bunch of lies and you can convince people of anything. And so began a long organised campaign to do exactly that. I don't think even the nra understood just how successful this campaign would be or have any idea about how it would poison American politics in the manner that it has. But its where we are today - with the vast majority of the US population believing that the 2nd amendment was passed to achieve the exact opposite of what it was actually intended to do. You made a statement that what I was saying was ridiculous. Leaving aside that you actually didn't understand what I was saying, consider what you're saying. A fledgling state, having spent much of the previous years suppressing rebellion after rebellion, after making it explicitly clear that threats to the security of the state were the biggest threat facing the US and explicitly seeking a way to contain these without building a standing army, passes a law with the intent to make rebellion *easier*? To make it *easier* to overthrow the state they were so desperate to protect? Now *that's* a ridiculous claim. And you can thank the NRA for how easily you swallowed it.
I like the term genericide.
I suffered from a chronic wasting desire during my student days.
The struggle is real. Couldn't be happier those days are behind me. Good luck with the finals!!
Care to explain *why* they don't hold water? It's difficult to explain exactly how you've been conned if you don't set out your reasoning. Simply saying "you're wrong" doesn't help either of us. Just as a starter, check our this 1939 Supreme Court case. I'll cite the relevant bit: &gt;The Court cannot take judicial notice that a shotgun having a barrel less than 18 inches long has today any reasonable relation to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia, and therefore cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees to the citizen the right to keep and bear such a weapon. https://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/search/display.html?terms=United%20States%20V%20Miller&amp;url=/supct/html/historics/USSC_CR_0307_0174_ZS.html So, pretty clear in 1939 that the right to own guns was reliant solely on their relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia. They knew what the founding fathers intended. So what changed? Seriously, read up on this. A fraud has been perpetrated on you.
It's short for ticket, which you were given to show how much you'd paid on a hire-purchase item.
Friends: "DUDE, you should totally piss on the baby changing table and block the toilets, that would be totally sick!! No one will know it was you." *2 minutes later* DUDE: Exit stage left, pursued by a bouncer. Friends: "Nooooo, we've no idea why he did that, Mr Huge Pissed Off Bouncerman at a bar we really don't want to get banned from, no sir, no idea at all." ...is exactly how that went down.
I learnt in a manual but have driven an automatic ever since. I cannot fathom why everyone doesn't drive them. One pedal for stop, one for go, and I don't have to constantly change gear all the time? Why would I want to make it harder?? I don't insist on hand cranking the engine either.
Unless it's an iPhone. Strip it for untraceable parts and that's a bunch of cash.
I think that's a different thing. Most of the really attractive people you see are heavily made up and wearing super nice clothes. Kind of unlikely that a waitress working a 12 hour shift at a diner will be going to kind of effort.
1.) Yes. 2.) Can you clarify your question?
Sadly what we like doesn't always suit us. Otherwise I'd be wearing a top hat, suit and carrying a swordstick.
I actually don't mean conventional - I mean a pair that better suits her face shape, colouring and adds some style. That could be anything from a huge range. Right now I look at her picture and the most obvious standout is a pair of dull round brown glasses, akin to something my grandmother would wear. Why would you want to make something so unappealing your defining feature? Especially when it's the single easiest thing that you can change. Obviously it's a matter of personal taste though.
I feel like Cheney would have shot Trump by now.
I think that's a steering wheel in your pants.
I do the laptop thing - it's so I look like I'm online and working to my colleagues. Long as I move the mouse every fifteen minutes, no one can tell!
Erm, no. It was an amazon delivery that was next day. Not next working day, it was specifically set for a Saturday delivery. The sorting office was open on a Saturday and advertises exactly this collection service as available on a Saturday. They are paid by amazon to provide this service and yet refused to do so because they literally can't be arsed to do what they are paid to do. Had I chosen to have the package delivered to the news agents opposite the sorting office then I could have collected it five minutes after it was delivered. Because I foolishly assumed that our national postal service would be more reliable than a news agent I had to wait three days to collect my next day delivery. Also, I'm not blaming them for the weather. I'm blaming them for being uselessly slow and shit at their jobs, having piss poor staff numbers so that they can't handle even the small numbers of people turning up so you do have to queue (30 minutes to serve fifteen people, FFS...) and having such shit facilities that you have to wait outside. I'm also blaming them for not giving a crap about doing their job properly - they're perfectly happy to lie about not having a package because having to walk ten feet to get it would interrupt their tea and chit chat with their colleagues. And they have the customer service ability of a serial killer. Also, as I explained, I used to work for them so I'm aware that this isn't just a case of a bad office - every royal mail staff member I ever met or interacted with was at the bottom of the pile for competence, professionalism, knowledge, commitment, pretty much any metric you can name - they're propping up the pile. I'm a public sector worker myself and yet the only hope for RM to ever transform itself into a quality service fit for purpose is for it to sack every single one of the useless morons it employs. How long have you worked for them?
Who says I'm trying to pass for a native?
Denial isn't just a river in Egypt.
I don't think that this is the issue. He's using his brother's death to ask for cash. Not even subtly, outright put a link in the post to give him money. Sorry but that's just wrong.
I second this. I've seen alright places in the £850 + bills mark in Croydon so it's definitely doable. Not that great of an area though but you're close to everywhere.
I feel this is an old wives tale. Can't find a single source that backs it up and it doesn't even make any sense. Why would maggots specifically attack a certain fruit after rain?
The fact that they don't check passports doesn't mean you're not required to have one.
Paul Ryan? When he resigned unexpectedly with no good reason a while back, I thought he knew something was coming and he wanted to get out before it hit him. He's the current speaker so everything about Pence would apply to him too.
That's exactly it. This school isn't magic, it's just properly funded. Fund all the schools like this by rinsing all the folks sitting on piles of tax free money and you might actually change something.
&gt;I was working with the Peshmerga As a live in house keeper?
No mention of rain that I can see.
I could eat a giraffe.
Great, thanks!
What kind of effects pedal should I buy for my triangle?
Good to know, I'll stick with it then. Thanks!
Wait, socks are underwear now? I don't know how I feel about this.
UK too. Pretty sure everywhere in Europe makes you register to vote.
Well, you still have to be registered. It just happens automatically, as long as you live in Switzerland. If you live outside Switzerland then you have to register or you don't get to vote.
The issue is that you might be wrong. No one ever points what they *think* is a loaded gun at their head, right? If you never do it, you have zero risk of shooting yourself in the head. If you do, you have a less than zero risk. And there's no reason ever to do it so why raise the risk above zero? Regardless, if you think the advice is wrong and that's it's perfectly fine to point a gun at yourself if you think you've checked that it's not loaded, perhaps you'd like to explain this to the National Sports Shooting Federation: &gt;1. ALWAYS KEEP THE MUZZLE POINTED IN A SAFE DIRECTION https://www.nssf.org/safety/rules-firearms-safety/ Probably best let the NRA know too. &gt;ALWAYS Keep The Gun Pointed In A Safe Direction https://gunsafetyrules.nra.org You should also let the Marine Corp know that they're teaching their troops the wrong way, I'm sure they'd be delighted to know they've been doing it wrong all this time. &gt;1. Always Keep The Muzzle Pointed In A Safe Direction- This is the most basic safety rule. If everyone handled a firearm so carefully that the muzzle never pointed at something they didn't intend to shoot, there would be virtually no firearms accidents. It's as simple as that, and it's up to you NEVER point your gun at anything you do not intend to shoot. https://www.mcicom.marines.mil/Units/Safety-Division/Gun-Safety/ Of course, if you'd like to find some gun safety organisation that says it's perfectly fine to point a gun at yourself as long as you think you've checked it then I'd happily read that. I'll be here. Waiting.
I like the alternative: The bears skirt is not drink.
I believe its Lichigan.
Changing room handjob for a bigger boss?
It's an AirBnB.
&gt;If you quote the whole comment, you don’t need to quote &gt;&gt;Thanks for letting us know how it works Pretty functional.
I got a parking ticket in LA with 20 minutes left on the meter. NY plates so the meter maid obviously figured I wouldn't be around to fight it and it would be an easy way to get towards their target for the day. I photographed the ticket next to the unexpired meter but then spotted the meter maid and chased him down to show him the photo. He pretended not to be able to see the meter in the photo and accused me of putting more money on the meter and I went full furious British on the cunt. Literally chased him into his car, called him a pathetic coward who couldn't admit what he'd done, demanded to know if his children would be proud of him stealing from guests to his city and all but declared war on him on behalf of the Crown of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. All he could stammer while cowering behind his wheel and reversing away from me was "you can appeal it, you can appeal it" which I did using the photo and the time-stamped card payment only to discover that the little shit had driven round the corner and, obviously concerned about restarting the war of 1812, had cancelled the ticket. Still makes me furious to this day.
Obviously the guy wasn't trying to be inclusive to Nazis. He was obviously concerned about the swearing and *that* was what raised the issues of inclusivity. Obviously. But let's not let common sense get the way of a good pitchforking, eh?
&gt;UMass Amherst did not immediately respond to a request for comment from BuzzFeed News. But in a statement posted on Facebook, it said the university "rejects Nazis" but it is "sensitive to the use of profanity
Especially as they talk about being in a relationship for a year and a half. Did they seriously not wrap anything for their partner last Christmas? After a six month relationship? I hate this kind of attention seeking.
Having worked in retail in the UK myself, I'd agree on the returns policy and I think it's because the general public are very poorly educated on their rights. Almost all store return policies are unlawful and yet they get away with it because people don't know what their rights are or how to enforce them. I've never accepted a stores retail policy because it was their policy. The law is what decides what my rights are and I'm not afraid to enforce them simply because the shop assistant has been told something different. You can absolutely do it politely and you absolutely should, but there's no reason you should allow a shop to refuse you your legal rights.
I don't think people really understand the point of this question. It's not so they can catch stupid spies, it's because it's a crime to lie on an immigration form. If you're actually a spy then simply entering the US isn't a crime at all. But if you lie on the form then you can be jailed or deported. So any spy faces a catch-22. They either tells the truth, resulting in super close attention or being denied entry, or they lie and risk being jailed if the US knows or finds out that you're a spy.
One of the kids is the other ones dad.
*"Give me a minute, I'm boning the salmon."*
I'm pretty sure you can't remove the key with the engine running anyway.
Shortly after finishing, the entire world was burned to death in a nuclear holocaust, happily relieving anyone of having to remember the horror.
Star in a reasonably priced car https://www.topgear.com/car-news/star-reasonably-priced-car
What you said.
Ah, you see, there's the crux of the issue. You're massively over thinking this. I assume it's because you used to have a massive porn addiction? You think that watching porn must mean that you need it to get something out of your life or that it means anything at all. The truth is that watching porn is like having a beer. It's fun. It provides an immediate reward. You feel sleepy afterwards. It doesn’t mean anything more than that. Now, if all you do is watch porn then sure, you've got issues. Just the same as anyone who drinks beer all day every day has problems. But that's not what we're talking about. Edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/carnivore/comments/a92yse/z/ecjciyr Clearly there's no possibility of rationalising here...
You can buy PS VR for under £200. It'll definitely happen, just needs better tech - googles and cables are too high a hurdle for most.
Exactly. It's not reached that critical mass point yet.
I'm only a beginner with the guitar at all, the technical side is all new to me.
As a similarly new player but slightly further ahead, download a tuner app like GuitarTuna. Play a note, it tells you if it's high or low. Turn the tuners until it tells you it's on point. JustinGuitar has great lessons that starts from the very basics.
Pocket bacon, my friend. Pocket bacon.
I've never understood this aspect of Filipino culture. I found it very odd when I worked there, like the country is full of kids defending an abusive parent because they don't know how to look after themselves. It's fantasy to think that only reason prohibition doesn't work is because it's not enforced strictly enough. History shows the exact opposite, over and over again and yet still people claim that all is needed are tougher penalties. The Philippines has so many issues that could be solved by effective leadership. But, just as with Americans and immigrants, you fall for the scapegoat argument every time so your leaders never have to actually solve anything. Case in point: the absurd claim that Davao was safer due to Duterte's leadership. Leaving outside the fact that it probably didn't feel particularly safe for the 1,400 street children murdered by his death squads, it currently has the highest murder rate and the second highest rape rate in the whole country. This is what you get when you elect people who use scapegoats like drug addicts as the reasons why things never get better. Let's also not forget that Duterte is being particularly hypocritical, given he's a meth user himself and his son is a high level drug dealer.
&gt;Don't refer to it as an e-guitar. But then how do I distinguish it from my a-guitar? Let alone my b-guitar!
Finally. The vast majority of this sub is supportive but there are far too many people like this guy who think that their role is to shout at every beginner that "YOU'RE SHIT AND YOU'LL ALWAYS BE SHIT UNLESS YOU PRACTICE FOR SEVENTY HOURS EVERY WEEK FOR TWENTY YEARS, AND THEN YOU'LL STILL BE SHIT!". What good does that do anyone? Fine, if you want to be a professional guitar master then you probably do need to do that, but that's not what I want nor is it, I imagine, what the majority of the people in this sub want. I'm never going to be John Mayer. If I had to practice for four hours a day to ever make any progress then I'd probably sell my guitars and find another fun hobby. I just want to play some songs I like, have a jam with some friends and enjoy myself, and that's exactly what I do. Plenty of people take this casually. They play when they have time for six months or a year and get a lot out of it. And, least we forget, Jimmy Page was playing in a band on the BBC within twelve months of picking up a guitar. Tonnes of punk acts can barely play three chords. You might need twenty years to be a god but you can absolutely make good music and have a blast in a fraction of that time. The other defining feature of people like this is that they never have a single constructive thing to say or any advice to offer. Someone will ask "I'm struggling with this particular technique, can anyone suggest a good exercise?" and the only response they have is "HAVE YOU PRACTICED IT FOR A THOUSAND HOURS? NO? THEN FUCK OFF!!" And all around their useless unhelpful response people will be posting videos of exercises and lessons and tips on what they did to learn the exact thing they're struggling with.
To quote a great film: You're not wrong, han_dies_01, you're just an asshole.
Exactly. I don't get it at all. It's not a job. I suspect that some people get so bound up in guitar that it becomes their entire identity. They can't cope with the fact that other people don't take it as seriously as them because it's saying they're not serious.
Do you guys not have building regulations or anything? Buying a house in the UK with a new kitchen, you can't get a mortgage on it without the electrical work being certified as installed by a qualified electrician. Same with anything like that - your solicitor checks that it's certified as compliant and can't complete the purchase if it isn't. Even without a mortgage, it's a standard check and your solicitor will flag it if it's missing.
That *wasn't* in your contract?
In my jurisdiction, if you don't move out on the correct date, you're on the hook for every penny it costs the buyer. You can check into a hotel and wait. I'm reasonably sure that the seller also forfeits 10% of the purchase price. Crazy that you had so many issues.
We have a downvote button. If you don't like the content, you can express your opinion that way. Content that isn't valuable to you may well be useful to someone else. What's the harm with asking what amp to buy?
That's a hilarious typo but I assume he means humbuckers. They're a type of pick up.
Although the flip side is that I do like trying a wide range of picks. I've ended up with some that I never thought I'd like until I started playing with them and now they're among my favourites. Although my very favourite is a multicoloured promotional pick from Austin Rocks. I found it on the ground outside a supermarket. In England. Must have had a hell of a trip.
If LPs are ruled out, probably a Gretsch. Maybe an Epiphone Casino.
Vox Adio air gt or yamaha THR10 are under your budget. I have the Vox, because apparently it sounds slightly better than the Yamaha. Love it, use it all the time.
I think you're going to struggle to use your pedals like that, short of a multi sound card set up. And feeding the signal through two sound cards may well add unmanageable latency. Guitar&gt;pedals&gt;interface&gt;DAW is the only practical option with what you have. Why do you not want to put the pedals in front of the software amp? If you do want to put them after a preamp then a hardware option like a preamp pedal seems like it would work. If you got some money to spend, you could get something like an Eleven Rack that has an FX loop and just plug headphones into that. And could still plug that into Ableton if you want to record.
*On a seven string ukele*
But I have more fun fucking with my delay pedal. This isn't a job. I have one of those already.
Anyone know what's happening with the Joyo Gem Box 3? Launched with a bit of a fanfare but seems to have vanished since. Only one or two dodgy looking retailers claim to have it but no major retailers or hands on reviews. Looks a good piece of a kit, just wondering how long I'll need to wait before a proper review!
Garry Glitter? Like, the pedophile?
Long day riding and you have time to kill before bed every day for six months? Sounds like ideal guitar time to me. OP, how about a Yamaha silent guitar? Light, I believe it collapses and no risk of bothering people like an acoustic could. Plug in a headphone amp and you're gravy.
What's wrong with wanting to learn about the history of your guitar?
Fair point :-)
Did they tell you how they make it so creamy?
Not sure I fully understand why you're giving this advice. Yes, it's a good idea to work out what your knobs do. But telling someone with a specific question about how a specific thing works to "just fiddle around a bit" is not helpful. Do you actually know what these particular knobs do? How they interact? What the impact is of changing one or the other or both? If so, why not give OP the advantage of your experience?
How could I forget about Squier?! Sure, let's name our guitar company after a servant. ROCK AND ROLL!
Think about it like this. If someone said "what does my tone knob do and what should I do with it?", there's basically two responses: 1. Just fiddle with it! 2. Your tone knob is a variable resistor. Turning down the knob cuts out higher frequencies. Which one of those is more helpful? Sure, I can hear what a knob does but knowing why it does it is *far* more useful.
Damn right.
I'm with you, it just sounds so corny.
It's probably not a federal offence in England.
Honestly, I can't speak for the US but Reverb is utter shite in the UK, purely because of the pricing. Sure, I'll pay 20% more for a used guitar that I can't try out than for the exact same guitar but brand new from GAK that I can play before I buy it. I've spent a lot of time looking at it and I've seen perhaps two guitars that were a good deal. It's a complete waste of time.
I think you could (kinda) argue that the Australians lost in Vietnam. So the vietnamese are the true Caesers of Rome.
Vox Adio Air GT for me. Although I've not actually heard any of the Katana range live, I understand that they're not quite as good as the Vox at bedroom volumes or through headphones. At least that was what the research I read said anyway!
I doubt he'd priced up or even noticed your watch...
I second Justin Guitar but it shouldn't be the only source. I'd strongly recommend getting a book, even something like Guitar For Dummies, because it gives an overview and an idea of what you'll be learning. If you just stick with Justin on his own it's very easy to learn A, practice for a week, not feel like you're making any progress and give up. It's so much easier to follow his course if you already have a good idea of what you'll be learning and why.
Just cos no one else has mentioned it but neither this nor the others are Bluetooth. They're radio transmitters/receivers. I'm sure you know but in case anyone was thinking of using a Bluetooth adaptor or something, don't - they'll always have too much of a delay.
The point is that the designs they are trying to protect are unprotectable. The doors are open, the horse has sailed, the shit is all over the fan. They've already lost this exact case multiple times before. It's hopeless. All they're doing is using their deeper pockets to try and crush their competitors with legal costs because they can't beat them with their products and try and scare off new entrants who might not have the funds to fight this. It's a massive anti-competitive waste of time and money for everyone involved, and everyone loses. OP's point that this is incredibly common is true but that's no defence. US law is terrible on this area and the fact that a wide range of companies take advantage of this to do what Gibson are trying to do is no justification. This is one step short of being a patent troll, another very common exploitation of US law, and just as unacceptable.
Their last case was, what, fifteen years ago, and they lost. After forcing a competitor to crowdfund legal fees to stay in business. They've changed tack since then and been more successful for it. Anyway, I'm done with school. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink.
And if I'd rather pay slightly more to walk into a store and have my pick from thirty different guitars, in the colour I want, and be able to try it first? If I don't fancy spending weeks scouring the classifieds and schlepping all over the place to try and find one in reasonable condition? If I don't want to buy online and pay shipping for a guitar that I can't even try beforehand on the basis of some photos? The fact that you think there's no value in that, well, I think it highlights exactly who the "rube" is.
I saw a 100 for sale for £150 the other day, they're definitely out there.
Hmmm, I'm pretty sure I've seen this episode of Black Mirror...
If they're good enough for Mark Knopfler, they're good enough for you and I...
Zoom G1xon is reasonably good, at a super low price, well under your budget. Includes a looper and drum machine. Although I'd massively recommend getting ToneLib app if you do because it's an order of magnitude better than a shitty orange screen with a single knob. If you don't mind spending a bit more, then the Boss GT-1 sounds a lot better, although no drum machine.
The one key thing I'd change about the BSP would be to save a pattern to a specific midi channel, switch channel to control something else and have the original pattern keep playing.
&gt;The downside to the BeatStep Pro, to me, is that it doesn't do much of MIDI CCs, which prohibits you from automating pattern/program changes on other hardware. I have the BSP and haven't really used it much as a control surface but doesn't it have the ability to send CC in controller mode?
You can use it to control anything that accepts midi on an ipad.
Make songs. I only got into music a year ago through learning guitar and only really into synths and stuff about six months ago. I'm one of those people who learns a new subject by reading and learning *everything*. Now I know a fair bit but haven't yet translated that into making even one single song (other than one pretty shitty d&amp;b track when I first learnt Cakewalk). I've made dozens of 16 bar loops, four bar chord progressions, drum patterns and so on. But have never converted a single one into a three minute song. So that's my goal. Actually create something solid.
This seems good advice. I saw a video about arranging a little while ago that suggested something similar - copy a track into a DAW and use markers to indicate key bits eg end of intro, drum pattern changes, synth comes in, drum fill. Then make a track that literally copies that pattern. Do this for a few tracks and you'll start to see how it works for yourself.
I read a thing a little while ago about how best to improve on a skill. Someone did an experiment with a pottery class where they split them into two groups. The first group was told they had to produce one single pot by the end of the class and they would be graded only on the quality of that pot. The other group would be judged solely on the volume of pots produced. If they made 30 pots, they'd get a better grade than if they made 20. Quality was irrelevant. At the end of the course, the quality of work by the volume group was significantly higher than the group that spent the entire class working on a single pot. It turns out that learning a skill by doing it over and over again is much better than trying to perfect a single instance. So this is probably far better for you then spending a month on a single track.
I'd second ableton as well. And you can try for 30 days free too.
How do you find Touchable? I've thought about it as an alternative to a push but not sure how friendly it is to use, especially given it seems a bit of a pain to connect and use through a touchscreen.
I'm going to start by saying that this will probably get downvoted by people who love Reaper but my number one advice would be: *Don't.* I used Reaper for nearly two months and *hated* it. It's riddled with awful design choices and bizarre approaches. And, before people jump in saying "but it's all customisable!", do you want a DAW that requires weeks of work to get it working in a half-sensible manner or do you want one that just works straight out of the box? Switch to something else. Ableton would be my suggestion but there's loads of options out there.
It was about six months ago and I only used it a couple of times but, essentially, yes, it was. From memory, it was a real pain to get it to play the RealTracks stuff, I constantly ended up with simple midi tracks that sounded terrible. I just found it really difficult to produce anything useful. I'm reasonably techy and learn new software all the time so I don't think it was just me being useless!
This, any day of the week. I've watched literally dozens but this was the only one that clicked with me. You'll want to get a keyboard of some type and do the exercises though - theory is so much easier to understand on the piano: https://youtu.be/rgaTLrZGlk0
I keep lusting over a squier 72 thinline in a local guitar shop. So lovely...
Thanks! I know that I just need to start getting something down now, so hopefully this time next year, I'll have a bunch of shitty songs :-)
For sure, I can't see the sense in spending thousands on a DAW. Ableton has a free 30 day trial if you want to check it out. Tracktion and Cakewalk are also entirely free if you want a super budget option!
Thanks! I'll probably check it out then, given the low cost compared with a Push, it's not too much of a gamble either way!
I'm afraid the results of dozens of blind tests show otherwise - I'm sure there is a difference but you'll only notice it when you know which amp is which.
There's a lot more to this than that. What are you trying to play through the interface? And what is it connected to?
It'd help if it was stickied. I doubt 1% of posters even know that FAQs are a thing.
This. I've learnt so much about guitar over the last year, music theory, rhythm and so on. But I still struggle with basic dexterity because I just don't spend the 30 minutes a day I need to.
Weird seeing GAK on here! I was in there last weekend. Out of curiosity, what are you asking for the amp?
I'd recommend the Justin Guitar course. It is entirely free. Start from the beginning because he starts with open chords. You'll probably blaze through the intro stuff with your experience but it's goes very deep, loads of additional intermediate and expert courses.
I second this. Guitar guitar in Camden is super friendly, would be a totally different experience. If you can get out to their Epsom store (half an hour from central London by train) then that's even better. I believe its the largest guitar store in the UK and they were so keen for me to try anything I wanted. I said I just wanted to try something unplugged because I didn't want anyone to hear me and they basically told me that not to be so silly and dragged me to to an amp. PMT is supposed to be good too. I think the problem with Denmark Street is that it's the tourist guitar street. You get a lot of people who think about the 60s and imagine that working there is there is going to be music central and are severely disillusioned to discover a retail job is a retail job, even when you're selling guitars, and the 60s are long dead. Hence they try and put others down to hide their own discontent. Plus they'll get a bunch of people who come in just to "go to Denmark Street" and I imagine it must get a bit grating for a while. I also imagine that most of their businesses are struggling a little bit. It's no excuse to treat you like that but do remember that it is unlikely to have been anything about you that caused it. Hopefully you find a better experience elsewhere!
You could do that but you'd have to be super confident that it won't break if it's thrown off a 20 foot drop by a baggage handler and I'm not sure I would be... Plus technically you should still pay the import fees so could be due some awkward questions if it's opened by customs.
I've never touched a Chapman guitar in my entire life, but I've watched a fair few of his videos and, honestly, he seems a massive egotist that's totally in love his own sense of amazingness. I don't really understand what this flare-up is all about but struggling through the first few minutes of his "THE TRUTH" video didn't do anything to dispel that opinion. Can't people just shut up and sell guitars?
This is the best intro to music theory I've seen: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rgaTLrZGlk0
Banjo. Always liked the idea.
I don't think that these approaches are really that different. You're focusing on accuracy and trying to increase speed. He's focusing on speed and trying to increase accuracy. Either method will get you there.
Probably a stupid question but because this caught me out for a while - the switch on the back is definitely set to sync through midi, right?
Yes but if you keep playing it fast and sloppy, you'll get less sloppy over time. Just like if you play it slow and perfectly, you'll get quicker over time.
This is a bit like choosing between Yale, Princeton and Brown - it's going to be about a) which one you prefer and b) which you can get into. In terms of rankings, the Royal Academy ranks 3rd in music in the UK, ahead of the Royal College (4) and Guildhall (6). I'd recommend having a look at this : https://www.theguardian.com/education/ng-interactive/2017/may/16/university-guide-2018-league-table-for-music If you click on the names, it'll take you through to an article about each one, which should give you a good starting point. Depending on your financial circumstances, you'll want to pay close attention to stuff like accommodation. There's a huge difference between living in subsidised halls in acoustically treated rooms at the Royal College vs living in a shitty house share as you would at the Academy (as indicated by the links I mentioned, I've no personal experience of either, although I do have ample experience of living in a shitty house share...).
Out of curiosity, is this like a one off thing or are you likely to be able to spend a similar amount in the future? If this is a one off, like a generous family member or something, I'd hugely recommend not spending all the money right now. You can get an amazing set up for that amount but the truth is that you won't know what you really want or are looking for right now. Buy a decent guitar for sure, something like the Fender Player series, get something like a Boss Katana series amp and a multi-fx, which would cost less than a grand all in. Put the rest in the bank and learn what you actually want. When I first started learning guitar, a strat *was* a guitar for me. I hated the looks of teles and les Pauls and Ibanez looked stupid to me. Few years later, I've completely changed my mind. My number 1 guitar is an ibanez and I'm about to buy a tele thinline. If I'd had $4k to spend at the beginning, I'd have wasted it on a guitar that I'd have quickly learned wasn't for me. If you buy second hand, you can even sell the stuff for what you paid for it and try out a whole bunch effectively for free. And then, when you know what your dream setup is, you've got the money in the bank to buy it. Obviously, if you can afford to spend this kind of money on a regular basis and aren't too bothered about the cost of it then splurge away. Head up to the best guitar store you can find, tell em you've got $4k to spend on a full set up but have no idea what to get. You'll be waited on hand and foot and get to try everything in the store.
That's pretty neat, I'd no idea. Do feel something like Cantabile Lite would be a more practical solution though.
That does seem a slightly crazy price, although a positive for me - much as I like the look of it there's no way would I pay double the price of a beatstep. That's approaching the cost of a Push 2 and makes it a hard pass for me until the price comes down. Wish it was smaller too. Seems a real shame that Arturia appears to have lost track of the key USPs of their current range: value and compactness.
You're probably not the only one but it's pretty sad to look at someone else playing guitar and think "I'm better than him and I don't get that attention, so he doesn't deserve it and shouldn't get it either". It smacks of someone who looks at the world the wrong way. It's not this guys fault that you don't have the confidence to do what he did. When you see someone with something you want, don't complain about how they don't deserve it. Do something to get what you want yourself. And be supportive to others too, especially other musicians. Don't sneer at them. Playing guitar for a small group may have been the toughest thing that guy has ever done and he was probably so happy with the outcome. Don't shit all over that because you're jealous.
I wasn't so much suggesting they were the same, more than if I'm going to spend $400 on something I'd go for a Push 2 and all that offers, rather than replacing my beatstep pro and keystep with something that pretty much does the same thing as what I already have.
I do think that guitar is simply a question of knowledge and practice. Mark Knopfler is Mark Knopfler because of the thousands of hours he's put into it, not because of inherent talent. Maybe the final 5% is some unknowable variable that not everyone has, but enough time, practice and study and I believe that that everyone can get 95% of the way there. The real dividing line is commitment and dedication.
I've found bandlab's loops to be a super useful source of backing tracks - can pick a key, tempo and loads of styles, and then mix different elements in as you please.
Ah yes, my heart always warms when I see someone happy to kill a thousand people so his dog can live for an extra ten minutes.
Put a photo on imgur and link it?
I'm pretty sure this isn't the case at all. The cost to a manufacturer of handing over a free guitar is peanuts compared to the cost of a regular marketing campaign. An Instagram star who posts a video showing off their new guitar can get 2m views with a far more engaged audience and it costs, what, a couple of thousand dollars for even the highest end custom guitar? Compare that with the cost of a print, online or television marketing campaign. It's tough to think of any alternative marketing campaign that could generate a similar ROI. I very much doubt that any successful YouTuber or Instagram guitarist pays anything for any of their instruments, even the ones well below the top tier.
Gumtree is my go to.
Thanks, I'll keep an eye out for one of those. Really appreciate the tip!
There are many other reasons that someone can enter your house but the basic principle is correct.
It seems utterly insane to me that the police chief being unelected is seen as a bad thing. I don't want police doing things because their chief is running for re-election. Keep politics out of the justice system.
I think I'd struggle to take a university called Bob seriously.
Agreed. It's basically a beatstep pro + a keystep. So why is it significantly more expensive than both combined? Arturia became the go to for midi controllers with those two. The KSP is a good piece of kit and if this was £100 cheaper this would have been the replacement for them. But I feel like they just pitched it too high and it's just not worth the cost. Not when you can get the vastly more full featured Novation SL MK3 for £60 more.
The Behringer UMC1820 looks hard to beat for the money. Caveat - I don't own one but it'll be my next choice when I upgrade.
Nice song, but definitely doesn't work having the OP1 guitar mounted though, the constant stopping to look at the screen looks like a freaking nightmare. Just put it on a stool and it would work so much better. Put the mic back on the stand as well. And does he even play the guitar at all in that song?
I was pretty disappointed by the single player - I liked what was there but there was so little of it. Five levels isn't it? When they'd promised Tides of War and ongoing map releases tracking the war. When you've got Battle of France, Dunkirk, Battle of Britain, Africa campaign, D-Day, Normandy, Italy, Burma, Singapore, Kodiak Trail, Okinawa, Russia, Berlin to work with - all these great battles that could have been so interesting, had so much scope for story. For example, imagine fighting as a member of the Hitler Youth in the Battle of Berlin - a totally unshown experience that could have truly captured the horrors of war in a way that a film never could. Instead, they've just gone with the same tired old settings, used in pretty much the same tired old way. I vaguely recall something like Medal of Honour having the same Norway level what must be ten or fifteen years ago now. DICE probably won't make another WW2 game for a generation now. Such a missed opportunity.
This is hopelessly wrong. There are two aspects to self defence in English law. 1. How did you perceive the situation? This is subjective - in other words, it's based entirely on what you actually believed at the time. 2. In light of how you perceived the situation, was your response reasonable? This is objective - in other words, how would a reasonable person acting reasonably have acted in the circumstances you perceived. So if someone breaks into your house and you genuinely believe that they're trying to harm you, you're absolutely allowed to stab them if that's a reasonable use of force in the circumstances as you saw them, even if you're entirely mistaken about what was actually happening.
Had an interesting thing with an event at work a while back where we had to argue for the benefits of Brexit. Best argument anyone came up with is that a) the EU is not democratic and b) it primarily operates for the benefits of business, in that the free movement of capital and labour is intended to allow for the movement of production from high cost to low cost areas and the recruitment of low-cost labour to high labour-cost areas. This obviously isn't why people voted for Brexit and I'm a dyed-in-the-wool Remainer but there are some legitimate arguments against the EU. This was a slightly more successful event than a subsequent one where I had to argue in favour of the death penalty. My argument that it reduces inequality by killing poor people was not well received.
Completely wrong. The correct answer is: **HELL NO**
I'm wondering if "lunatics" actually would be literally referring to someone with a mental health problem? It seems more likely it refers to someone who is reckless or wildly foolish. Which presumably wouldn't be discriminatory?
Not sure if this works with every midi controller but the arturia keystep has a sustain pedal input - I got one for about £7 on amazon and this can be used to send a midi trigger. Map this to session record and you can trigger loop recording without the need to for a midi foot switch, which seemed to be comically expensive.
Exactly! Can't understand why they're so expensive!
Ha ha, I know the feeling... Although I rarely buy new so it'll be a wait for me until any of these show up used anywhere 😢
The supersonic is the really weird one for me.
&gt;Just like when we learn to speak as kids. Music is a language Actually, on reflection, I see what you mean. I'm pretty on point with English but am shit at French. One I learnt through reading books and using the language, the other through learning vocab and how to conjugate verbs. Easy enough to guess which approach gave me a deep understanding of the language. So I totally get what you mean.
It's a smart move - I suspect that they looked hard at what Fender is doing with their Squire range and realised they were tossing away a huge part of their potential market.
Don't feed the morons. They just want attention. Best thing to do is ignore them - it's guaranteed to make them mad.
Oh, I totally get it. You see a moron spouting some moronic shit, you want to slap it down hard. Completely natural reaction, I always want to do exactly the same. But that's why they post their drivel in the first place, to get the attention their parents never gave them. Nothing gets under their skin more than being ignored because it's what happens to them every day in real life. It's the perfect response and the one thing that they can't cope with.
&gt;But in all seriousness this is a very well written and thought out piece. Really? It seems to fundamentally misunderstand the purpose of the Defund movement. I don't disagree with OP's argument at all - the police should not be providing social services, partially because it isn't their role but largely because they're really bad at it. But that's not what the Defund movement is about. Yes, the proposal is to use the money saved to fund a more capable, socially skilled, less militarised, community based alternative to existing police forces but that is absolutely not the primary purpose. The primary purpose is to eliminate police departments that cannot be reformed. That's the goal - not, as OP seems to think, to lower the burdens on the police or get citizens to behave more responsibly but to take what appears to be the only action possible to tackle police departments who have no interest in reform. And it's a very effective idea because it simply does an end run around the legal and contractual problems, the police unions and so on, who have so far managed to block reform of police departments. The horror that the suggestion is causing shows only one thing - that it probably will work if followed through. It doesn't seem to be in anyone's interest to misrepresent the purpose of the Defund movement.
That's a really great tip, would never have thought of that!
You can trigger session record with a foot switch to do exactly this - I use a £7 sustain pedal through my keystep. Just set ableton to record however many bars you want and you're good to go. Push 2 is awesome, I'd definitely buy one if I could justify it but you don't need it just to trigger loop recording of a specific length.
I fully agree with the protests but I'm super confused as to what the shutdown of the sub was supposed to achieve. I get that the mods have argued that it "focuses attention on injustice" but that's just silly. This isn't Walmart or the New York Times. No additional attention was focused on anything as a result of this. Some of the comments on the lines of "well, if you found it annoying to not be able to access the sub for a few days, imagine what it's like to be a black man in America" just seem bizarre. The two have literally nothing to do with each other, unless you think that being annoying about an entirely unrelated topic is a good way to bring attention to something. You may as well throw the contents of the someone's fridge away and then tell them "well, if you find that annoying, try having to pay your medical bills due to the lack of a proper public health care option". It doesn't make any sense. It would have been far better to have a sticky thread highlighting practical stuff to contribute to the fight for justice and encourage discussion. That might have actually achieved something. Now, I'm certainly not going to say that the sub *shouldn't* have shut down. It's not my sub, I'm not even American and it's certainly not my call on what the mods should do. But I do think that it was a completely pointless move and all it did was mean I browsed r/guitar more often than I did. And it might have been a good idea to seek community input first - took me a couple of days to find out what had even happened.
I have to say I feel the same way. I really wanted to like it, I like the form and the keyboard and have tried very hard to get on with it. All of the interest and flexibility seems to comes from the modulation side - the actual synthesis side is so limited. And, despite, what, 14 oscillator types? It just doesn't sound very good. There's not much point in modulating stuff that doesn't sound good in the first place. Obviously, lots of people love it and if you're going for that harsh "cuts through the mix/sticks out like a sore thumb" vibe then I'm sure there's lots that you can use it for. But it's definitely not for me, despite trying very hard to like it. I've posted about this before and someone described it as a "noise generator" rather than an musical instrument. That very much hit a chord with me - it's great at noise, not so much with the music. Was a bit of a red flag when I realised so many of the presets were pre-made sequences - without the modulation lanes sitting alongside that, you're left with the basic sound on its own and they pretty much all sound bad. I doubt many people trying it out in a music shop would have been interested if those were the presets so you can see why they went down that route. Fortunately I got mine used and should have not difficultly selling it for what I paid for it, so no loss. Judging by how many I see for sale used, and judging by the substantial recent price drop, seems quite a few people are having second thoughts.
Yeah, should be fine at that price I think! I paid £180 for mine so shouldn't be an issue with reselling at that price. Reminds me of the Volca range to be honest in terms of the secondhand market. Just like those, I think a lot of people bought the MF thinking it would be a great first synth only to run into the same issues you and I are having.
But apparently you have to make a post explaining that Sweetwater, one of the largest online retailers of music equipment in the US, has fantastic next day delivery and everyone should use them. This isn't the first time you've posted positive commentary on Sweetwater either. Viral marketing is absolutely a thing, as is supposedly legit reddit accounts making marketing posts - it's just usually done much better than this. I order stuff online all the time. Not even once have I posted about how great Amazon are for having next day shipping.
I think the midi only works for program changes unfortunately - it's one of the slightly bewildering choices about the pedal. Apparently tempo sync will come at some point but I don't think it exists yet. I don't think it's even possible to enter a tempo, only tap it in.
I definitely need more practice on getting the lengths right, even without this issue, I'm terrible at timing them! Loop the percussion into/using the looper you mean? I guess that's what ableton effectively does so good to know that I'm least on the right track for that, and I'm not missing anything too obvious!
That's a good tip, thanks, I'll try that. On thinking about it, there must be some kind of quantization/link between the various loops in the way Ableton does or a multi loop pedal. I don't think anyone could be that accurate by ear, no matter the training or experience - even being 1/10th of a second out will shift the loop by a second every every ten loops.
That makes a lot of sense, glad to know that I'm not missing anything - I don't have the same issue when using Ableton in the way you describe. Are stompbox looper pedals then generally used just for jamming with yourself?
Huge opportunity passed up not to partner with Fender instead.
Great, thanks! I thought I hadn't but he's been so persistent that it really made me question myself. The pedal was practically new anyway, still had the box and everything. I just couldn't see how a power supply that costs £6 would be somehow massively unusual. He did try and negotiate a "special lockdown price" beforehand, which I thought was a bit off so shut down immediately - I did wonder if this was just his attempt to get a discount in a different way.
I did point out the one on Amazon but he just ignored it. He actually suggested refunding it as an alternative to giving him a free power supply but it's a pain in the ass selling stuff and I don't really want to do it again. Do you think I should? I'll probably be able to sell it again but a deal is a deal, right? Plus, it seems that he's tried it with some centre positive power supplies and I'm a bit worried that he might have damaged it also...
He's actually claimed to have forty years experience with pedals and power supplies, which is what made the whole thing sound so crazy. Surely if you have that much experience, you'd know that pedals use different amounts of power, right?? And wouldn't regard something like a 500ma power supply as particularly unusual, especially for something that's effectively a multi-fx! Definitely not going to give him one though, just super reassuring that everyone thinks the same :-)
Exactly what I'm thinking, fuck that guy. Thanks so much, really appreciate the advice :-)
That sucks, I'm really sorry about that. Why can't people just be decent?? Scamming someone out of £60 over a fishtank is super low.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. He sent some sarky-ass message about how he won't "buy local" in future so it seems like he's given up trying. As tempted as I am to rip him a new one off the back of the unanimous "what a dick" responses I've had here, I think I'm just going to block him and avoid poking him. Not worth arguing with people like this.
He even said he'd read a bunch of reviews too so how he missed the details of the power supply is beyond me. Definitely a "get fucked" moment. Thanks :-)
I'm pretty new, only 18 months in but whenever I've found something really hard, I always try and practise only the thing that I find hard. In your case, I'd ignore the song and simply practice playing on the 'ands'. Pick a note, put on a metronome and just play on the 'ands' for, like, an hour or something. Once you've got that reliably nailed then try and apply it to the song and it should be easier. Obviously, this is just what works for me and may not apply to everyone but personally I think it's because if I'm trying to do multiple new things at the same time then my brain just won't learn the hard thing. I have to just split out the hard thing entirely, just do that for a while and only then does it start to sink in.
Soundbrenner app - free, best metronome I've used.
They usually take an address and follow up with the prize with that sort of thing. If you felt angry, imagine how pissed off the actual winner would have been if they'd given his prize to someone else just cos they read the number wrong...
I thought this was a pro-police sub? Isn't this post essentially predicted on the basis that the police would much prefer it if they could freely shoot people without anyone caring? And isn't a huge proportion of police homicide work made up of investigating gang murders? So is this post actually saying that the police don't care about gang murders and want to be able to shoot people without anyone caring? I'm a bit confused by the message here. This doesn't seem a very helpful or positive message, to the extent that I think you're being trolled in an attempt to get you to vote for something that makes you look awful from a bunch of different angles.
Did you reply to the right person?
Ah, the classic "it's just a joke, don't you have a sense of humour" defence 🙄 In the current circumstances, can you really not understand how this being the number one post on the sub makes you look? Here's a clue. It perpetuates the exact stereotype that you're currently being accused of: that you don't care about people dying in your custody and that you don't care about black people killing each other. Either you realise that's what it means and so the stereotype is true or you don't, in which case I'd suggest engaging your brain a little bit more.
Well, then, please, enlighten me and explain what it *does* mean.
That's called a subordinate clause. English is useful, you should learn it sometime. And if we're going to pick up on grammar, here's your post with the grammatical errors corrected: &gt;Firstly that's way **too** many commas. Secondly**,** it means that none of the protesters actually care about black lives since**,** ya know, no one protests all the **black-on-black** crime that takes place. &gt;Are you going to protest for that dude who ~~got~~ **was** murdered in **B**rooklyn? To address your substantive point: &gt;none of the protesters actually care about black lives since ya know, no one protests all the black on black crime that takes place. Firstly, even if this were correct, which it isn't (FYI: this is another subordinate clause), the protest movement is about the police killing black people. Its a bit silly to try and discredit a protest movement specifically about one thing by claiming it ignores another entirely unrelated thing. Secondly, when faced with a protest movement literally called "Black Lives Matter", it seems pretty facile to claim that the protesters don't care about black lives. It's right there, in the name. Thirdly, and this is really the same point as the first one, what-about-ery" is a ridiculous way to try and deflect an argument, because it can be used for anything. I mean, if I murdered someone and the police then arrested me, would anyone take me seriously if I tried to say I should be released because no one ever caught Jack The Ripper? Issues should be dealt with on their own merits.
God yes. I lived in Canada for a year and had a lengthy argument with this ubercool hipster dude who was convinced that SNL was the best comedy ever. Like, the most memorable sketch on that show is Christopher Walken demanding more cowbell. How that could be regarded as the pinnacle of anything is beyond me but apparently they find it hysterical.
I guess that may be part of the problem - I'm not really looking for a particular sound so much as things that generally sound good to me. Juno-type stuff does but stuff that doesn't may well just not be my thing - it may hit someone else's niche entirely. I'm certainly not trying to bag on those synths at all and I absolutely agree that everything in this field is utterly subjective. I do think that relying on effects to counterbalance a not particularly good raw sound could also be part of the problem though - you can make anything sound like anything if you run it through enough effects, in which case there's little point in putting any effort into making the raw sound good, right?
That's a very good point - I'm comparing the current year vs decades of synths. I've certainly seen tonnes of elderly "feature packed" casio keyboards that definitely haven't aged well. I do wonder if the internet and explosion of gear-related content hasn't changed the dynamics though. I imagine it used to be the case that people wanted Juno-type stuff because they heard a track they loved that had a juno on it. But I don't think I've ever recognised a modern synth on any modern track and I've certainly never bought anything *because* it was used on a particular track I loved. I buy stuff because I read a review of it or because it was recommended on here or some other route that doesn't really involve how it sounds. And you get that type of exposure through novel features that make your synth stand out.
That's a good point - these are (in the grand scheme of things) lower end synths. And digital is cheaper to manufacturer and so most lower end synths are digital. But it's also easier to add features to digital, so most lower end synths have lots of features and don't sound as good (to some, obviously that's entirely a matter of opinion). Totally agree that digital can sound good, so maybe the issue is that cheap digital doesn't sound good. And that's probably true for cheap analogue too.
&gt;You're not wrong that this is a thing, but it's not a recent thing That's a very good point. While I'm guessing we're somewhere around the same age, I certainly didn't get any exposure to classic synths at the time they were made. Someone else made the point about survivorship bias and that very much hit home - I'm comparing some lower end retail synths to some of the best synths of the last few decades. Obviously its silly of me to think that they'll sound the same. &gt;We're in an absolute golden age of synthesis right now, whether you like any of the sounds or not Oh, I totally agree with that. And this is all entirely subjective, I'm not saying that these are objectively bad, just that I personally am not a fan. I think I'm really talking about the lower end "hobbyist" side of the market and I do wonder if things work differently there. To take the microfreak, without the features, I don't think anyone would be raving about it. I don't think it would stand on sound alone, although obviously others might well disagree. I think it's the features that make it so popular. That said, I personally don't think anyone will be raving about it in a few years. And I don't see it used outside the hobby market. Has it been used in a major commercial release? 99% of the videos out there are reviews or jams or demos. Not that there is anything wrong with that, obviously, it's far more that I manage to do. But I do think it distinguishes it from previously raved about synths - its target market *is* the EDM kid making music in his bedroom and posting it on YouTube. While, however passe the Juno sound became, its target market was professional musicians.
For sure - I would love someone to make an android-based groovebox with a whole bunch of soft knobs, it would sell by the bucketload.
&gt;Cover any skin that must be left exposed with high-percentage DEET So DEETS safe to use on my penis?
I mean, it's unquestionably fraud - you provided false details to obtain access to a service. The real question is whether anyone will do anything about it and the answer is almost undoubtedly no. You could probably have used an actual stolen card and it would still be no.
The other thing that I'd say is that you don't actually need a solicitor to do this kind of work. All the information on what to do, forms to file and so on is publicly available. If you're willing to spend a lot of time on it, then you could just do this yourself for nothing more than court fees.
Yep, it has the veneer of reason but is riddled with a basic failure to understand in any meaningful sense what he's talking about. For example, he wants the civil service to have more hard science but simultaneously contain more people who build houses and voted for Brexit. All respect for house builders but you don't get many with degrees in statistical analysis. You want the higher grades of the civil service to reflect the population? Well, One in five people leave school without a single GCSE grade C. You want the senior civil service to be 1/5th zero qualifications? There's a reason that the higher ranks are full of highly educated people - those are the people with the skills to run the government. If you force them out and replace them with "real salt-of-the-earth people" it will be a disaster. You want your government to be run by an elite - elite is good! This is too important to be left to morons just because morons feel underrepresented and that its not fair that they're not allowed to be racist any more. Similarly, he wants to ensure that senior managers have sufficient expertise (I guess he'd finally ready to give experts another try eh?) but also wants to end the culture of people who change jobs. Except that changing jobs is exactly *how* you get that expertise. If you're running a department, you need to understand procurement, policy, finance and operations among many other things. And you can't get that if you've spent your whole career working in procurement. Some of it is simply stupidly offensive. For example: &gt;The views, tastes and concerns of those who write for the New York Times, who who run higher education institutions, who chair business representative organisations, advise on ESG responsibilities for corporates and indeed run Government departments tend to have become more distant over time from those who build homes, manufacture automobiles, work in logistics, harvest food and dispose of waste. To colour it crudely: the former are more sensitive to the harm caused by alleged micro-aggressions; the latter are less likely to be squeamish about tougher sentences for those guilty of actual physical aggression. Having been a former Justice Secretary, you'd think that he might have taken the time to learn that actually harsh prison sentences don't work and there are extremely good reasons for not pandering to the hang em flog em crowd. But that would require recognising that the experts actually do know better than the average daily mail reader. And he obviously knows nothing about the impact of micro-aggressions or how they directly perpetuate the very things that he's apparently arguing against! Again, this is offensively stupid: &gt;The more that fluent, intelligent, kind and sensitive people explain that the Emperor’s New Clothes are a thoughtful co-creation blending public and private sector expertise from the textile and non-textile communities and these have been, benchmarked against international norms and sensitive to both body positivity feedback and non-judgemental protocols concerning the tone-policing of issues around personal space, the less likely someone is to say the guy is naked So apparently Gove thinks that a nuanced in-depth understanding of complex issues isn't what you need to be able to make good policy. You just need to be able to frame yourself in "common sense" terms and appeal to the average Brexit voter. And the analogy doesn't even make sense. Right now, *Gove* is the one that's parading around with his wang out, demanding that everyone pretend his nonsense ideas makes sense. His talk about "innovation and risk" appears sensible but is also stupid. The reason that the civil service tries to avoid high-risk solutions to things isn't because people want to avoid blame - it's because there are genuine people whose lives are genuinely ruined when things go wrong. How many people died, how many lives were ruined, how many more crimes committed and how much money wasted as a direct result of the disastrous privatisation of probation services that was forced through over the vigorous objections of "risk-averse" civil servants? But this is the kind of calamity that the civil service should now embrace? That he actually wants more of?? Finally, if his ideas were put into force, he should be the first one turfed our. The guy is an Oxford graduate, who read English and then worked as a journalist. He doesn't represent the country at all and has no expertise in anything. It's almost like he's projecting on himself, like he knows he's unfit for anything of any substance and so assumes anyone with his background must be the same. I genuinely fear for the future of the civil service. Although the good news is that idiots like him are generally too idiotic to be able to implement their idiocy, let alone in the four and a half years the Tories have left before they get sent back to the wilderness for a generation.
Sounds to me like they might suspect money laundering - very common that they would block online access and not be able to give any explanation for doing so.
Yep, this is immediately what I thought too.
That wouldn't block access to your account. No guarantees but chargebacks though merchant accounts is a very common way of money laundering, banks have to take a safety first approach and its a criminal offence to tip you off as to why. As long as you've done nothing wrong, you just need to wait until they've done their investigation. Shouldn't take more than a few days.
My point was that the two halves directly contradict each other. I can't see the Tories winning the next election - they're not hanging on to Brexit voters once Brexit is done. &gt;I see this speech (along with Johnson's upcoming speech) as the post virus launch of the New-Tory panty Fitting typo for Johnson...
Yes but the chargeback has probably triggered the money laundering concerns - there's literally no reason for them block access to your account entirely unless they suspect something is going on and they would tell what it is if it was something other than money laundering. Banks can be super hair trigger about this type of thing - you've probably done nothing to deserve it, but have just triggered an automated system.
Employment law is entirely out of scope, except for matters of discrimination.
A pet is considered property and absolutely can be stolen and it can be a criminal offence. The only reason it would be a civil matter is if the person who has taken your dog lacked the dishonesty element. In other words, if they genuinely believed that they owned the dog and had the right to dispose of it. You don't by any chance have a text saying "I've taken your dog and you'll never get it back"? Or could you elicit such a text? Obviously if the person can legitimately claim they believe they owned the dog then legal action is your only way. You'll either be able to ask a court to order the return of the dog or the cost of a new one. A properly worded letter from a solicitors firm threatening this may well be all you'd need. Try the CAB as a start.
