Demon spawn?
I'd guess you've spent about $2,000 on repairs?
No doubt at all.
Clientsfromhell needs a sister site, Employersfromhell.
Who did you buy it off?
I'm a muso with good relative pitch and I could at one point tell notes absolutely (back when I was more immersed and in training). My gut feeling from the people I studied with etc. is that it's most likely just repeated exposure over many years, usually from very young. You get to recognise a middle C like I can recognise a Polo eau de toilette vs. Fahrenheit, or other such examples in different fields. Just another form of memory. Edit: for anyone thinking I'm saying absolute and relative are the same - I'm **not**. I'm saying I've seen nothing to suggest they're not simply different levels of memory development, rather than some basic physical difference.
The second example should not assume at all only incredible familiarity with middle C then relative pitch from there (I didn't mean to send anyone down the relative track by choosing C as a simple example). Everyone I know with perfect pitch has incredible familiarity with a multitude of notes. We simply don't have a scientific basis (that I've seen cited) for it being assumed an "ability" beyond memory from vast, repeated exposure. I would welcome a scientific basis for establishing "perfect pitch" as an ability beyond memory, if anyone has it.
I'm not arguing relative and absolute are the same thing. None of my posts have argued that, ever. Simply that I've seen nothing to suggest perfect pitch is more than (for example) memory. I'll have a read. Edit: a quick read seems to support my gut feel from long involvement in music: "Our findings suggest that AP **may not be associated with a unique pattern of cerebral activity** but rather may depend on the recruitment of a specialized network involved in the **retrieval and manipulation of verbal–tonal associations**." Just learned / developed memory from a young age, then? Sounds much more like chunking, a la chess grandmasters.
Awesome, nice work.
Let's avoid the ad hominem eh. The article was pretty decent overall, and this coming from a reader with no axe to grind. Clearly there are some real issues that are worthy of addressing. Some of the turning a blind eye to prostitution by (and exploitation of foreign students is quite surprising. In fairness, there are a few assertions in the article that seem unfounded / unable to be reasonably assumed.
&gt;**by Todd Scott - Publisher, NBR 6 hours ago in reply to John irving ** &gt;It’s a good thing that the new government is offering more of our tax dollars to New Zealand’s left leaning, none commercial digital media channels, RNZ. Meanwhile our paid Member Subscribers fund NBR’s newsroom. It's a good column. Shame about the partisan hackery of a comment from one of their staff. Would be good if they can recognise high quality journalism where it's out there too.
You fuck me? I fuck you!
Citing an example of the older generation keeping the benefits unchanged for themselves while reducing them for following generations doesn't exactly refute the point of my post. National's approach was precisely an example of the selfish attitude I was highlighting.
Difficult when you have old folks on the pension moaning about land tax being an envy tax, all the while their pension is being paid via the taking of income they don't have from workers who do have it.
Well, they couldn't just take their same business model online. They had to confront the issue spectre of content unbundling and people having more granular access to content, at the same time as having cheap platform access to a range of content. Neither doing nothing nor simply replicating their current model online was going to be enough in the face of these. I wonder if there are any domestic market players around the world successfully adapting. That would be interesting.
And they're wondering why they're in decline.
Would've been much better to incentivise investment in business and disincentivise investment in housing. But no, alas, we had a party of property investors in power for the last nine years. I voted for them their first two terms but was too disappointed in their lack of sound economic management to vote for them since then.
As far as I can tell, Auckland Uber drivers have an exemption from red lights (the same one as taxi drivers, I think), so they may have had some other special exemption.
Wonder if anyone at IRD has read the article. They might be interested.
&gt;A forensic examination of the car would take place as part of police's ongoing enquiries into its theft. How often do police do this for stolen cars in Auckland? Can't be often, surely...
SIS sees all, too.
Interesting. I had the impression they don't attend most car thefts.
&gt; All road users are expected to respect the road rules. The pertinent point.
May as well not have the rules then.
I'd like to see red light running as a place to start enforcing more. May as well apply the rules to both cars and bikes, surely.
Repeat after me: "Have you done the needful? Please do the needful."
Those companies don't want that pesky capitalism eh.
This. This is good.
I just assumed they're Russian, looking to disrupt both UK and USA.
An articulate and high achieving immigrant American patriot from a poor West Indian background. A bit like Alexander Hamilton, funnily enough.
Chernow's book is quite good, though. They should read that, not just watch the play.
Eh, sounds like you're projecting too much of your own background and context on to mine. I don't have your American experience, so perhaps that's why your assumptions seem a bit silly. Either that or you're simply not up your history enough to be aware Hamilton stood out for his writing. The comment was noting the coincidence of them both being obviously writers of prose that's powerful and pleasant to read. Should be obvious to anyone with a bit of historical knowledge. Maybe you're too caught up in race and not enough in history.
Well, thanks for providing your context.
I highly recommend the book. I really enjoyed it and it's a strong historical account. It highlights Hamilton's amazing written accomplishments, which prompted my seeing the similarly given the power of this guy's prose.
Depends where one's loyalties lie. So it's not necessarily a settled point in Jian's case.
May as well call it Whyoming, eh.
It's incredible, yeah. My SO and I stayed in an AirBnB in a suburb of LA. We got it a short distance away (looking at the map) from some friends so we could get to their place easily. Turned out short distance was a 15-20 minute drive through straight suburban streets with no traffic congestion.
Metro Manila is listed as 111, 002 people per square mile. The city is almost as dense as its politicians.
It's also tricky protesting in Manila. It's not like you can disrupt things much more by marching on EDSA anymore... traffic is already at a standstill!
Fair point.
Kids make up stories that they know are going to get them the right sort of attention from their family and community.
Yeah...seems weird that some people think it'll be a great thing for NZers having locals just being renters and sharemilkers in their own land.
Yeah, it feels much more remote than driving out to Piha. Mainly because you have to drive on gravel, obviously. And that little crossing that can have water flowing across it some way before you get to the gravel part.
Wrong. That completely misses the fact that Kiwis can compete with each other for resources cannot necessarily compete with all the wealth of the wider world.
Then the rest: &gt;He was not concerned about a drop in prices because the yield on the property was good. &gt;"Now Jacinda [Ardern] is giving out free university I believe there has been a 15 per cent increase in student enrolments, along with increases to student allowances, so this should all work together to keep the CV strong." Sounds like a right cunt. Probably has his own free university degree in his back pocket too but thinks young Kiwis paying $20-30k is somehow "fair".
&gt;The point is, this makes no tangible difference to the average Kiwi. Well, that's plainly wrong, as we've just gone through with the previous few exchanges. Appending a few indignant bleats to the rear of it doesn't change that.
There certainly were plenty of domestic staff, albeit not as many as in England due to the smaller population. Just because there was a labour shortage the social structure didn't exist? Nah. But yeah, absolutely - importing an easily exploited servant class is very today. You're absolutely right.
Nice, haha.
Use desktop mode in the mobile browser and you can still use the necessary evil of Facebook messages when needed.
REINZ index suggests that Auckland house prices have fallen in the last year in real terms (0.7% increase vs inflation just below 2%). Also interesting: &gt;Regions with the largest increase year-on-year in the number of properties for sale were Auckland (up 26.1%), Wellington (up 21.0%) and Canterbury (up 18.6%). https://www.interest.co.nz/property/91641/reinz-says-national-median-house-price-rose-19-550000-past-month-58-increase-year
I'm already using Google Home...Have one of the full size ones and a Mini. Really great.
What relation does the term welfare check to anything in the story? Ridiculous lack of journalistic integrity.
Yeah...that's their actual excuse for leading with such a misleading headline. Actual reason must be more around making folk who read no further than the headline froth at the mouth with outrage at the PM's husband receiving welfare.
At least Ford usually includes indicators in standard specifications.
We've had worse. Paula Bennett was acting PM last year and would have been more if National had one the election.
Woosh
Much of a muchness last election, in fairness. National were campaigning on increasing subsidies to property investors and companies to keep wages down. That pretend capitalism.
I suggest reading the BWB book Home Truths as a primer on NZs housing history. Accommodation Supplements are exactly the same in distortionary terms as the increase to the student allowance you guys are lambasting. They get converted into higher rents, as even the National party acknowledged a few years back...before reversing course and increasing them...while also paying millions to motels for emergency housing because they hadn't been addressing longer term issues or planning.
Pretty sure Grand Harbour still has it.
Trick is not knowing what you want to be, so you just end up doing everything to give it try.
I'm not against the Pension but we need to acknowledge it's part of a quid pro quo welfare system, and over 50% of our welfare budget.
Yeah...close escape. Weirdly, this approach of "evangelism" meaning getting people to join one's particular club (rather than the traditional sense of it) is also shared by other religious groups from the Philippines. E.g. Couples for Christ. Evangelism used to be about spreading the gospel, whereas for these groups it's much more about getting members and all that entails, including inevitably donations.
I was a visitor to INC services a few times since all this Eduardo obedience teaching has been underway. One remarkable sermon had this gem from the minister: &gt;You've heard it said about in the US Marine Corps, the instruction is "Obey first, question later". Well, in INC the correct belief is "Obey first, and NEVER question!" At least when you get kids to convey the message it's [not as creepy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nmYOQIidqo)....right? Right?
Yeah, seems reasonable to think that suddenly freeing up a massive amount of new land (e.g. between Kumeu and Massey) would have a decent effect. Or suddenly changing zoning to allow widescale intensification. Most other research I've read suggests regulations are a major issue.
That's called being rich and smart, from what I recall from the US election debates.
You can increase building capacity when required. See: Christchurch.
It's a while ago now, obviously, but interestingly enough this was one of Hudson Taylor's motivations for going to China and starting the China Inland Mission. I used to wonder why it didn't seem to bother many other Christians as much.
Kiwi?
I'd heard from someone else that they'd read there's often a lot of sounds that align with people's erroneous imaginings of what Hebrew sounds like. No idea if this was localised to my region or what, though.
At least we get to laugh at their lack of dignity. Poor sods - this is their life now. Once Were Journalists.
In fairness, if you can't distinguish between what the Herald is doing these days and the journalism of sources such as NBR, RNZ etc...more power to you. The Herald will welcome another subscriber with open arms.
You reckon the Herald is doing well? That's definitely NOT the reason they were trying to merge with Fairfax.
Not specifically, that I'm aware of. TOP had a variation on it, but on all capital, IIRC. Yeah, at the moment we basically have the lower half of society and the upper small percentage living off the backs of the middle and upper income earners who pay the taxes, gradually enriching those at the top further.
There were two statements that are close enough: &gt;Interest rates can’t jump significantly. and: &gt;The amount of debt that the western world carries right now is so enormous that **it is not possible to have high interest rates**. I know, technically it's saying they can't go up significantly not that they can't go up at all. But really.
"Making money" is not the reason they were trying to merge with Fairfax either.
Mate, if your idea of business success is declining revenues forcing you to contract to stay afloat then maybe stay clear of starting your own business. There's only so long you can cut your way to profitability before you actually have to do something more viable. Maybe go and have a read about the challenges traditional media have been facing? Might be a good start. Or do you work for NZME or something?
Well, Farrar can't really bite the hand that feeds him. It would surprise me if he's not still working *for* them in some capacity, at the very least *with* them.
If you're Canadian it's probably just normal.
Sure, let's go with that eh. This is a pleasant fiction.
Nice...like a boomer with a house they bought with a cheap Housing Corp loan.
Jail is a start. A fine that is proprtional to the value increase gained through the illegal acts might also be a good step. Disincentivises buying property cheap because of limitations then ignoring the law in order to increase the value.
How coincidental. Edit: not to criticise the judge. I suspect the judge is aware and has left that process completely up to Immigration.
&gt; Given the number of Trump hats and bumper stickers you see while out and about I don't think we're overly hostile towards those types either. I see confederate flags around pretty frequently too. That very point undermines your previous comment that people are against brown people, then. "Given the number of brown people you see while out and about I don't think we're over hostile towards those types either. That aside, there have been plenty of threads here with people telling gun-toting would be migrants from the USA to keep out. Plainly, folk on here aren't just against "brown people" (which seems a strange choice, anyway...wouldn't it normally be presumed to be "Asian people" they're against?).
There's demand, surely...that's why people are bleating for tens of thousands more to be brought in. It may be that these folk aren't yet employable. Ideally whatever efforts are put in place should address the reasons why.
At the new one: "It's just not the same...it's lost the magic." Although with the billions coming from international tourists combined with subsidies from local taxpayers... management would be less bothered.
Sounds more like two people with a modicum of common sense overruled obvious idiocy. MTRCB really missed the mark - and the point entirely - on this one.
Yeah, finally some action eh. I do hope they follow through.
Says approximately half the beggars you see aren't homeless. That's probably what many people would guess, yeah. Also says only 10% of homeless are visible. If so, that's damn serious and probably worse than most thought. Nothing to be dismissive about at all! (Assuming homeless numbers are approximately 10 time half the number you see in town.) Living in town, you get to see the same faces around a lot. I see a bunch of them sleeping rough at night.
&gt;and chair of the Superdiversity Centre Huh. New Zealand has the most boring superheroes.
Oh, yep, correct, apparently just in the works.
&gt;What a beautiful name it is / The name of Jesus I must say, I think she's exaggerating a little. It's a nice enough Hebrew-&gt;Greek-&gt;Latin-&gt;English name, yeah...but not **heaps** more beautiful than average, overall.
If you're like this schmuck [Andrew Krukziener](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&amp;objectid=10743427) you just make sure you get away with enough in a single hit, and have all your money and assets safely stashed where creditors and the taxman can't get at them. Actually contributing to our society's taxes is for working class plebs.
But "your own two feet" no longer applies when it's their turn to receive from the state.
If speed going in to that corner is the issue the council can put speed bumps either side. Like on many other roads where people have been overly fond of pretending to be racing drivers in a residential area.
You can debate ethics, for sure. No particular reason to attach assertions of supernatural beings to it, I suppose.
Well, I can understand their point of view. New Zealand's heritage is Christian, historically, in literature, in law, permeating a bunch of things. They're trying to conserve that. Whether or not one agrees with them is another matter, of course.
**Note:** State housing was originally spread out among all the suburbs to avoid over intensifying it into 'projects' that breed negative outcomes. Rather, have people embedded in a surrounding community. Recent comment and coverage - e.g. John Key's describing the prospect of putting some state houses in Hobsonville Point as "economic vandalism" - make me despair somewhat that people have forgotten the intent and the role of community. Now it seems all about "That's far too valuable, sell that house in my leafy central suburb and put those poor people out in a multi-storey block somewhere out South!"
Well, that's the point - it's not a preservation of belief but a mere symbol of NZ's heritage.
I agree in that sense, that we should be inclusive. I don't necessarily agree that to do so we need to jettison symbology of the country's heritage. I'm not going to die on this hill in particular, just more of an overall stance. As noted, I'm not religious.
I'm an atheist but I don't agree with this. If it's in there as a historical reference then it's only because it reflects NZ's history, not merely to please a few Christians today.
Some good points there re incentivising. It does seem like the market is failing Kiwis right now, yeah. Back in NZ's past we also had issues with not enough supply and various government involvements helped address that. As you allude to re Wellington, we have a supply problem now - when there's not enough supply pushing money at landlords only raises everyone's rent and enriches investors. Doesn't look like the private market's building a lot of suitable houses for the need.
Yeah...that's what's come of decades of ignoring supply and leaving it exclusively to the market. The market is focused on large, unaffordable houses, primarily.
It's a [pretty flash place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Premier_House_), Premier House. Looks nice.
Problem is you have a couple of generations who grew up with these benefits but now view all taxation on themselves as theft by the government. Overly indoctrinated with lower taxes (for me) and services cuts (for others) is the way to go.
They do need to come through on reducing numbers though. The recent numbers have been absurd, gorging on twice the OECD norm to pump up nominal GDP.
I'm sure Stephen Joyce insisted people were coming for NZ's high quality education? I can't imagine a man such as Joyce would lie.
And lengthening your willy overall
Agree. She sounds idiotic but I'm not for banning free speech.
Massive assumptions in there, that the students don't know anything fraudulent is part of their application. I'm very sceptical of that, from having lived in one of the source countries. It's common knowledge where to go to get documents forged, and common practice. I just do not believe all the forging was done without the students' knowledge - or even without their direct participation. It's just too commonplace.
KFC Fort Street has fast service, in fairness. Sometimes they use pygmy chickens, unfortunately. Thigh piece the size of the cap on a small potato and gravy.
A baby being punished for the actions of their parents is in no way the same as an adult being held accountable for their own actions. Terrible choice of an example.
Fuck...this needs to be resurrected constantly. Outrageous!
Judith Collins would be terribly angry about that, as Minister for Oravida.
Daniel is hilarious in being the one of the four who usually holds the pale stale male viewpoint. I could see that driving Haley up the wall sometimes. Jack and Matty have some amusing banter, and the others chip in well.
The royal family.
High St is now getting its first $2 shop. The end is ~~nigh~~ here.
And fall way short of covering the cost of wear on roads.
The whole concept of face is fucking irritating, in this regard. It gets to the point where it's basically "We want to act in corrupt and dishonest ways but we demand you pretend we're honest and honourable".
I would like to see her dealt with seriously. Last thing I want to see is last, last, last chances as with Key and Collins.
What's especially bad is the older generations embodying the combination of: 1. Receiving affordable housing stock from govt\-boosted supply in earlier decades 2. Selling the country out from under young Kiwis for the short term sugar rush of cash 3. Insisting young Kiwis work hard and pay taxes to fund their tax free pension lifestyle. If they think they're entitled to a fucking pension of the backs of young Kiwis they need to recognise NZ is a quid pro quo society, and you can't just set anything and everything up to benefit yourself. The rampant objections to banning foreign buyers because it might reduce the millions they can make is just a bunch of entitled whining.
Property portfolios and tax\-free unearned income.
!!!
No\-Bridges is a muppet and this is a press release. He is a muppet because businesses are recognising what many around the world are recognising...that economic cycles are just that.
Her own party claimed that banning foreign buyers would have no effect on housing crisis. According to their very robust analysis. Why is she claiming the opposite now? Surely they were not lying.
If you think percentages don't make a difference you should go out and get either a financial advisor or remedial maths education.
The thinking is likely that a few years of hard suffering beats 30-50 years of slow suffering.
Hard to assume it won't, or will. Reading some other analysis of the data set, it suggested almost half of transactions in Upper Harbour did not have any New Zealand citizen involved on the buying side. That's heading toward straight up population displacement.
However, NZ government debt is low compared to other countries so they can spend on infra to stimulate the economy. Better that than bailing out banks.
And I questioned whether they've subsequently identified lying on one's application as an issue, given it's against the law. Note your provided quote refers to **at the time**. (I helpfully bolded that.)
Auckland is a pretty important subset of NZ, economically and socially. And nativesbeing displaced is often considered an issue worth looking at.
Most of us prefer other methods of stimulation, tbf.
What about Music Man? Aren't some of their necks unsealed maple...?
Harbour Oaks?
We allow that money to basically sit rather than circulating through the economy. We do this by giving the places it sits unreasonably easy tax treatment. E.g. tax\-free profits in property speculation.
Interesting, how convenient that lying on one's application is no longer an issue if you happen to have influence and connections. What a shame for NZ, though.
You mean the same number of working groups National started with?
Eh, depends which part of Manila. I lived there for a while and usually felt a lot safer than parts of Auckland CBD at the wrong time of night. People don't beat you up for fun in Manila.
Nah I lived in a few parts of Manila. Also spet time in Maguindanao...that was not so safe haha. I mean, you don't flash cash around and you don't walk parts of Cubao or Quiapo at night etc...
That's freaking bizarre in a digital world. It shouldn't be a thing. I tried it. Didn't work for me. And any other device can use any given cable.
Investment banker with a penchant for shiftiness leaves. Trust in government goes up.
Good. Hope he not only takes aim but fires.
They take action based on the weight of public opinion they hear and see. Complaining on an internet forum will only help if you start to sway more public opinion. Getting in touch regularly to pressure them to keep their promises is still going to be pressure they feel directly. At least it lets them know plenty of people feel strongly about X or Y.
I was out in Pasig, Cainta etc. as well as parts of Makati. However, if we take a very specific comparison of central financial district, compare Queen St at night to Ayala Ave at night \- Queen St and the surrounds can be a good place to get beaten up for fun at night. I was specifically referring to goings on in the Auckland CBD up in my first comment. I mean, average suburbs in Auckland you're definitely less likely to get robbed than in average suburbs in Manila, no question. That's why every house has bars on its windows. And no concern about Manila bashing...no skin off my nose.
The police were unable to find any evidence of Todd Barclay's actions despite National spending taxpayer money on hushing it all up. That is just...incredible. So bad for the reputation of the NZ Police, these two examples.
There's nothing nationalist about a party that wants to sell off the country to foreign ownership for a quick buck.
&gt;Akins pleaded guilty in March to impersonating a peace officer. The charge includes anyone who poses as a state employee. Ah...still a dick move by the embarrassed scmucks to charge him.
I don't believe this. Stephen Joyce assured me people only come for NZ's world class education.
The cost of putting all poor people into one (or a couple of) poor suburbs together is likely much higher \- all things considered \- than spreading poor people around various suburbs. Think ghettos / projects. It's not just the cost of the land, ultimately.
But what's the advantage to a country to heavily indebting young Kiwis seeking a qualification that is a base requirement for getting interviewed for many jobs? It's weird that in NZ we continually cut services and funding to the young so that older folk can enjoy a tax cut, while those older folk received free education, state\-boosted housing supply and consequent affordability, and will receive a non\-means\-tested pension, something the young Kiwis are also unlikely to receive \- or at least, to a lesser degree. An educated workforce is important, and companies no longer hire kids straight out of school and train them, as they did back in the day. I'm not saying young Kiwis should not have *any* personal financial investment in education, just that we need to question some of NZ's base assumptions around why funding for young Kiwis is bad and funding for old Kiwis is fair and just and an absolute entitlement.
KMart or Warehouse? They usually have stuff...Or at least some red jocks so you can act Australian.
A $50k loan when starting out in a market with very high living and housing costs is heavily indebted. No one is arguing that the population and the country as a whole are not better off from investing in education \- that's why we invest in education rather than being hunter\-gatherers. We increase productivity, earning power of the country (companies want educated workers, they're moaning about a shortage), and money circulating through the economy through what we create. That's why other countries invest heavily in education rather than making their young people start life with a massive debt. Asking someone to manage their own retirement rather than having young Kiwis pay for that when they don't need it is also reasonable and fair. I'm arguing for balance rather than keeping entitlements for old folks and only ramping down investment in young Kiwis and ramping up their debt. Especially given it's a good investment, much better than giving an unneeded pension to rich old folk.
Yeah, it's very important to have empathy. I'd doubt very much many people have broken free of ideologies by being mocked for them. That's more likely to make them defensive and more prone to cling to their beliefs rather than question them \- especially given the Bible says people will mock followers of Jesus.
So it's a pretty large debt when young folk are starting out in life in a high living and housing cost environment, and it reduces their pay by 12&amp;#37; and reduces this amount of money that they'll be spending in the economy. And university degrees are required for entry to many, many jobs. Not a great argument for saddling people with large debt to get into much of the job market. Also didn't cover off my other points re investment for the country (economy) and businesses wanting an educated workforce to improve productivity and our export capability. If we were designing sensible policy for a country, we'd look at how we can create a more productive economy equipped with suitable workers \- rather than giving away over half our social welfare budget to folk who don't need it, saddling young folk with large debt (delaying their entry into housing, having children etc.) and looking to supplement them with cheaper overseas workers and population to fund the pension. If an additional tax is nothing to be concerned about surely it's better to have a tiny bit more tax and adequately fund most of education rather saddling young Kiwis with large debt when they start working so we can enjoy a couple of extra dollars a week.
Re pension, it's only being discussed as to point out that education is not invested in only for the benefit of the recipient, but the benefit of society, and we are far more generous to others where there's comparatively little ROI (but those folk hold more influence, currently). Seems we agree that students and state should each fund part of education because both get a return, just disagree on the desirable size of debt and the impact of debt on young Kiwis' chances at life \- incl housing, having children etc. Guess that's what makes having these discussions useful.
Howlett was leveling off till one game at the end. Wonder who that was against.
That's an argument for unions still being relevant.
So National is moaning that Labour wants to set things back to the 1970s...when unions were able to push for reasonable working conditions and pay.
Reading Charles Handy's book 'Myself and other more important matters' I was struck by his story of getting his first job out of university. He'd been reading (studying) classics, English, history etc. at either Cambridge or Oxford, and a friend suggested he join their firm. "Doing what?" He asked. "You can be an economist!"
The same folk who argue NZ culture has nothing in particular of value worth defending, anything better in any way than any other culture.
Most Kiwis are against the call. Ruins a good game. And he had his eyes on the ball and hands up to catch it.
I hope some of you guys are saving the articles somewhere before they disappear.
There are hardly any comments in here yet. You lot are premature.
Oh, you know, her standards were about consequences for actions such as breaking the law.
So she's pro-gay but also pro-lies. At least we're seeing her consistency of character over the years, aptly summarised as "odious".
One of the biggest requirements for any solution will be for young Kiwis to see the need to vote and to see their ability to influence policy in favour of affordable housing and away from simply an investment vehicle for previous generations.
Probably something in Leviticus. Leviticus contains a bunch of old rules for an iron age tribe living in crowded camping conditions in the desert, and these are sometimes taken as rules that should be applied to modern times - albeit selectively. Others basically prohibit: * Eating shelfish * Priests wearing briefs instead of boxers * Women being in the camp while having their period * Eating pork * Finding lost property and lying about it * Going to church within 66 days of giving birth to a girl Etc. etc. [http://hill-kleerup.org/blog/2012/06/13/76-things-banned-in-leviticus-and-their-penalties.html](http://hill-kleerup.org/blog/2012/06/13/76-things-banned-in-leviticus-and-their-penalties.html)
Fair point. I don't know a lot of INC theology because...well, really, because it's pretty much an oxymoron.
Cunty behaviour.
\*Pretending to care.
&gt;"The tribunal finds that \[he\] engaged in a deliberate and concerted effort to deny Immigration New Zealand all the facts regarding his marriage and his former relationship." Do have to wonder, though, why their lying matters to Immigration but Jian Yang's lying at the behest of the Chinese government does not.
People tell me I'm talented and they're not, but the hours I spent in well-targeted practicing are the real difference.
He still has an echo chamber on Newstalk ZB.
If only it were believable. Maybe if they hadn't spent nine years denying the existence of a housing crisis after campaigning on the urgent need to address the housing crisis, they might appear more credible. At the moment, they just look more dishonest. Even more so by having Bridges, Bennett and Collins getting so much airplay.
If only it were applied more stringently in New Zealand too.
I was sure she was gonna go with Judith Paula Ardern.
Most baby celebrations per capita
The NZ Tea Party wing is still minute, thankfully.
Or China
Ah, fuck. My bad.
It really doesn't, that's why it's so prevalent in crowded South and Central American cities. Most of the stuff you describe is not needed at all for a game of neighborhood football.
Average Labour mp owns 1.9 I think. Nats own 3.4 on average. Definitely a difference.
The .4 is the extra hovel to store exploitable migrant hospo workers in.
Or of being winded, too. Source: multiple times being winded.
Yeah, it's really handy in the USA. It hasn't put restaurants out of business either.
Yeah, as someone who once successfully made a zipline at home, this attempt seems obviously absurd and bound to fail.
So people hoping for a house price boom are hoping for a bunch of young Kiwis to be affected tremendously negatively too, then?
Yeah. As someone pointed out earlier, the recent market stats showed almost 50% of transactions in the Upper Harbour area had no NZ citizen involved on the buying side. That's straight out population displacement.
That pesky talk about major factors
Entitlement mentality
That seems more the gullible thing to do than the smart thing to do, to be honest.
Someone who is the personification of machismo gun culture?
Well, yeah, sometimes we've gotta be realistic eh. I've also worked in China so have no idealistic illusions. But things are certainly improving in some places, gradually.
Malls are massive in parts of Asia, too. Also, literally, being some of the biggest. Often with outside spaces and apartment complexes around them. Will be interesting to see if we see more intensified living around some of them (a la Albany) becomes more common. Silvia Park seems like an ideal place to put some higher rise apartments too, close to rail, motorway etc.
Because tax is for the working plebs, not the landed speculators. Despite the fact only speculators get the benefit of untaxed income because of the increasing presence of the working plebs around them.
Where's u/straightouttagehenna's Taylor Swift AMAAAAAA cry again?
I think the problem here is the blanket assumption too that if you're not trading more than 3 properties per year it's not "income". Capital gains absolutely are unearned income (in economic terms) and they're not taxed currently, while people who work for wages and salaries pay taxes on all their income. We know that there's a problem with some people bearing the brunt of the tax burden while others making large amounts of unearned income don't have to pay tax like workers do.
That's why I can buy stuff very cheap off AliExpress including international freight?
That's not to say that Kiwi companies cannot leverage global supply chain efficiencies.
Disgusting attitude. She forgets that the lake shore is not her private property.
&gt;for the sake of an envy tax As much as putting the undue burden of taxation on those who earn a salary is an envy-driven tax from property speculators who can't compete in the corporate world, but want their own unearned income to be tax-free.
Next up in INC: Give pause to menopause!
Like Mary to (Filipino) Catholics is Eduardo to INCs.
Oh...yeah...I grew up with Great is Thy Faithfulness. Beautiful song. Far better than INC's 'Great be thy offering dapat'.
Heh... always fun!
Basically: the INC's position on Jesus is not justifiably theologically or via exegesis. It just doesn't stand up.
Did they buy it or just "find" an old map that said it was originally their's anyway, as they did with the Spratley Islands to justify their illegal invasion?
Agreed, that's a good summary of reasons why it attracted so much attention. The yeasty comments against the fact that attention was garnered are a but much.
Indeed, the whingers doth protest too much.
Huh. I recall significant coverage that occurred for many previous murders of tourists here in NZ. Right from Swedish tourists Heidi Paakkonen and Sven Hoglin when I was a kid. Definitely tourists get more attention than say a local street fight stabbing or what not, especially when they're a missing person people are looking for initially. Missing persons hunts get populations invested too.
Probably far more important was the fact she was a tourist then a missing person (internationally). Disappearances and murders of tourists get a lot of attention in NZ.
Or, you know, a tourist.
Would be good to see Quinovic being rewarded for their track record of performance in just such a manner.
This book's worth a read: [https://www.bwb.co.nz/books/silencing-science](https://www.bwb.co.nz/books/silencing-science)
Course they didn't light up the Sky Tower, ya ninny. It didn't exist. Also, social media didn't exist so half the stuff that goes on now off the back of news coverage didn't regularly happen either.
Happy
* Received free tertiary education and allowance? ✓ * Received affordable housing in good part due to government assistance and efforts ✓ * Feels absolutely entitled to a pension and free public transport ✓ * Finds Hosking and Leighton to be the only folk with their head screwed on right ✓ * Thinks modern Labour is communist and they personally deserve lower taxes ✓ &amp;#x200B;
The worst is brand new stuff being listed under used (because people filter down to Used). And there doesn't seem to be a link to report listings anymore.
Nah, I don't think they were implying that (even not having read the article).
Says it all, eh. They'll pay folk to spy on environmentalists or claimants but won't lift a finger to stop immigrants and Kiwis alike being fleeced through rampant immigration fraud.
Future case study in mismanagement, perhaps.
No, we don't need American-style escalation of violence. I'd rather we have video and public naming and shaming.
It's in the top post...
Could well happen. Enjoy it while it's still owned by the family.
Too hard to measure! Like foreign buyers, child poverty etc.
Seriously though, the banks should lay off the anti-RBNZ-policy rhetoric given their expectation that societies should bail them out if their risk taking doesn't work out. If they expect that, they should expect central banks to give them more sensible boundaries within which to play.
Indeed, I'm surprised Bridges didn't have this level of class. Just kidding. They went looking for the info over and over again to leak on purpose.
There's a good book worth reading called 'Crazy for God', written by the son of Francis Schaeffer. He said his father came to regret being part of the initial linking up of the conservative political right with evangelical Christianity in the US. Realised Christians were being manipulated.
There were plenty of posts about weapons being sold to the Saudis for this purpose. On Reddit, only this last week.
Basically if people were young enough / in a life position to buy property before John Key campaigned on the housing crisis then did a complete about face once elected they were going to do pretty well out of John Key's time. Too bad for younger Kiwis.
Or they've read the research where it's been tried. It's not like teachers would be unusual. Politicians fudge measures all the time too (Judith Collins on burglary stats; economic half measures; "too hard to measure").
Clearly a levy is different, trust your Messiah: https://i.stuff.co.nz/business/68787831/
Whilst that's a common whining refrain no one seems to be producing evidence that landlords are selling up in numbers for those reasons rather than others, or that they are immune to market rates for rents. It's lovely to see property investors so motivated by care for the poor though. Very credible.
Another way of saying it's bleating without substance
Mind you, canned tuna isn't that great tasting either, especially considering the damage it's doing.
Such a shame he wasn't around for the crazy era we're in now.
Those vandals should definitely stop costing NZ's poor so much, you're right. Bunch of assholes.
The will of Big Brother
More auctions are starting to note that they're also listing the item elsewhere (Facebook, All goods, some other forum). Usually hinting at lower price elsewhere. Good way to start .
I'm not assuming current usage, neither were the analyses I've read. Uber is adding more cars and more terrible drivers at the same time, so not a great overall comparison. Also see the quality of Uber drivers in Auckland. Not arguing against public transport, which we need all the same. It's not one or the other. Both will be beneficial.
It's not the water but the need for the right rock to drill through. They didn't drill deep in Waterview because of water above them.
Potentially. I'm just poorly relating what I've heard from an engineer.
REINZ HPI for Auckland - the best measure there is - was down 4.4% YoY in April.
Extreme shortage? I was reading that the houses per capita ratio for Auckland is no worse than it was in the 1990s. That factor may not be so solid as was thought.
Plenty of people are stopping eating beef. Or moving to eating seldomly (was going to say rarely but that caused its own issues).
Not even the website was up and listed, to be fair. Sounds like they went searching for a flaw and found one.
Makes a mockery of all the ranting directed against Nicky Hager for using "stolen emails" in that case, I guess.
Of something meant to be private.
There's an interesting discussion between Nutter Carlson and Christopher Hitchens on YouTube, during Hitchens' early days in the USA. It's amazing how polite and tolerant Hitchens was of him...I figure over time the same sort of shit wore Hitchens down and led to premature curmudgeonhood.
Sounds like he doesn't need to as he actually **is** a billionaire.
Big a brain
That's what China is getting from some countries using the One Belt, One Straitjacket debt-diplomacy scheme now too.
"Shot in the arm" hasn't revived Auckland at all, though. Regions usually follow Auckland with a lag.
Alternatively, the Police would need to demonstrate to the Court that they do not wank.
With government efforts to help with housing supply and accessibility ramped down at the same time it's been a great time for those who were old enough to benefit from both the more state supported and the later more liberalised market, with prices taking off as a result.
Sorry to hear you're facing tough times. Hoping for the best for you.
Wind turbines inside the debating chamber will probably work best across sitting hours.
Surely contract law age of consent should be an example to learn from here too. If a child cannot legally give consent, we shouldn't be accepting that consent for a partnership visa, and arguably not for a marriage contract either.
It's an unrealistic generalisation to say they're all hardworking as much as it is to say they're all lazy. Like any group, there are plenty of both. Edit: also, if you've been to Manila you'd really wonder if it's the safest place to import drivers from haha.
A propaganda piece.
Bet they'll still claim a shortage of workers too
It's unfortunate folk are unable to distinguish differences and we must always go *full equivalency* mode.
Is this not why you're here?
Lost in the noise was a list of all the times she'd been very clear with people about what she'd served as, even correcting reporters. Probably didn't get mentioned by Leighton Hosking.
No, don't think her Linked In resembled that. That sounds like circulated bollocks designed to provoke outrage.
Just shows they **know** their rules and theology don't stand up to investigation.
Thinking it looks about a 1948...one of my relatives learned to drive in one that age. Looked the same, but I forget what model it was.
I've read that's not so much the case and it's now primarily quite militarised operations because of the massive profits on offer: https://news.mongabay.com/2016/09/poaching-in-africa-becomes-increasingly-militarized/
Not these days. My last Huawei phone bootlooped on two different motherboards. Never again.
Conjecture is exactly that it **is** related to the performance of the bank and that something doesn't smell right.
Just like John's time in politics, the sign behind his desk emphatically reads "*The Buck Stops Elsewhere*".
Errr... The regions have clearly been following Auckland with a lag. Up first. Now we're starting to see the slowdown hitting outside Auckland too (Wellington, Christchurch, Tauranga, from discussion I've seen). In Auckland things slowed down before any prices declined.
This is rewriting history right here. Key kept giving Judith Collins last, last, last, last chances to the point it was just plain embarrassing, and he refused to give straight answers about why. To the point people were wondering what dirt Judith Minister for Oravida had on him.
Kill the fatted calf. Biblical English.
How do you guys know they're not making other lifestyle changes on their own? Smells like some fishy stereotyping going on here.
True, that's how most change is driven. You raise a point then wait for change to occur naturally.
Was browsing AliExpress the other day and it's amazing what counterfeit stuff you can find openly on sale. AliBaba should be renamed to AliBaba and the Forty-Thousand Thieves.
You can always split the bridge humbucker too to get both.
I had heard from folk at Air NZ that Luxon is basically a good salesman who benefitted greatly from work done earlier by Fyfe. Have no idea if that's true or they simply didn't like him.
"Go beyond"...fuck, that's awful.
Young people are striking over it now and all they get from older folks is derision because climate change is fake news.
Make them disappear, likely.
Too right, son, all things are equivalent, there are no differences, Murica bad andnd always worst. Well done.
Whacky. Sounds like calling people names until they submit to your preferred reality is your modus operandi. Facts need not get in your way, and you abhor anything other than absolute equivalency. While you're at it you'd better stop buying food from New Zealand farmers markets because if you've read up on NZ's prison system you'd know it's plenty enough bad here too. So gotta apply your own logic and be consistent. Strange existence you have there. You sound like a white nationalist anti-LGBTQ militant.
Wow, more successful at ingesting foreigners too. EVM would be envious. Wonder how their money laundering success compares.
Pricey. Almost as steep as Gibson pricing.
And the next ~~liberty to enable~~ housing for poor folk to keep well out of one's libertarian backyard.
&gt;Kids are literally dying in US concentration camps and you are happy about it. Incorrect, sorry. Please feel free where I have approved of American conduct vis-a-vis their mistreatment of migrants. What I have disapproved of is your reductionist equivalency that cannot distinguish anything. Go read Dean Whitcliffe's book on his time in the New Zealand prison system. And prison fighting in Mt Eden. Then realise by your reductionist equivalency you need to stop shopping at NZ markets. Or have you only crocodile tears for prisoners in NZ? Your resort to name calling is weak. It's apparent you need to imagine a reality to suit yourself then try to impose that on anyone who doesn't fall into line with your insistence. That's very strange indeed. If you could think more critically you wouldn't need to.
Time to interview him about flags and other trivial shit to take the heat off! Thanks, Granny Herald!
Ahh... boring. Thought they were going to offer me an expensive Auckland house for millions below market value to evade tax.
He's also convinced atheists are going to hell. And drunks and fornicators! These sentiments were in the same image. Outrageous!! As an occasionally inebriated person (and someone who has also been wont to fornicate) I find it deeply offensive. Not very nice to believe atheists are going to hell either. I'm sure they'd be feeling pretty rocked by all this.
I thought it was a free Phil Twyford giveaway, that's why I gave it a miss.
Nice Tele
I was actually just curious about who Judith wanted to euthanise first.
Indeed. A great achievement!
Unfortunately it seems to replace it with Trumpism and Duterteism.
Schock Jock
Yeah, won't work in the Philippines
Not even the comparative peace of death. This animal has left someone in a state of suffering for many years to come. The victim and his family both. It's incredibly cruel and tragic. I suspect Rakete learned this from being on the receiving end as a child...but how do you balance rehabilitation (possible?) and the safety of innocent members of society. It would you if the ego of a gang member resulted in your family randomly facing such a tragic future.
Different locations certainly have different cultures with different ethical standards. This is part of what Transparency International measures.
Oh yes, corruption and ethics are completely different and have no overlap at all. None, zero, zip, zilch! The key thing too is ethics can vary across cultures in different locations and that has zero to do with genetics (of course!) but plenty to do with the norms of the location or groups in the location. Taking someone raised with certain norms and putting them in a place with different norms of course won't necessarily result in immediate adoption of all local norms. Generalisations can be accurate and useful, but stereotyping is different and not useful nor accurate.
Where on Earth would you get the idea it's just government or industry that's corrupt and not wider society? That's not the reality at all. It's rife through all levels in a corrupt society, and that overlaps massively with ethics. A place that has a corrupt government and industry but no corruption through the rest of life in the society...? That's hard even to imagine. It's certainly not the reality TI describes nor the reality I've lived in in multiple corrupt countries.
So you've not produced a quote to support your lying, huh? Big surprise. That's the problem when you resort to lying and trying to shout down when you can't debate. Let me know when you've got a quote. Surely it's not too hard?
The "free market" has paid politicians to exempt them from competition in far too much of the USA. You need *some* government, but the ability of companies to bribe their way out of competition is the massive issue.
Oh, on healthcare I agree, especially given so much of scientific research has also been taxpayer funded (it's only very recently that this has dipped below 50% for the first time since WW2, suggesting you don't need the prospect of outrageous profits for researchers to be motivated). Healthcare seems to work far better for far more people in countries where it's run nationally.
Actually Clayton Christensen has some great videos on YouTube explaining this problem that the business schools have helped create, i.e. the over-financialization of business where everything is measured by ratios such as RONA (Return On Net Assets). The problem being ratios incentivise executives to cut or work on efficiencies rather than work on innovation that may not pay off in X years, thus they cut R&amp;D, their pace of innovation slows, but they look good in the short term. Boeing's management cut R&amp;D and tried to outsource some critical work to reduce costs then compounded the issue by hiding significant changes from pilots to save costs, instead of focusing on building the best damn planes on the planet.
At the same time, the Western world has a history of pretty strong protests in past times too. E.g. labour rights riots, anti Vietnam war protests, civil rights protests etc. It's perhaps just a little less so in recent times.
Back to the good old days of a landed aristocracy, and Lords sending peasants to fight their wars. At least, thank goodness, the actual campaigns are still led by generals who rose on the basis of merit, not by some braindead Nancy De Vos think-alike.
Definitely play them all. As someone else has noted, them JP does have a very flat fretboard that you may not gel with instantly (but it may grow on you over time). That said, the Musicman necks are generally fantastic. Suhr necks are pretty incredible to play. I highly recommend them. Definitely play one or two if you can. The craftsmanship is also incredibly high all round. Ibanez also build great guitars. I used to have a Japanese S a long while ago and the wizard necks are fast and easy to play. From the three, I'd definitely pick the Suhr. Just because I've found the Suhr the most consistently amazing and satisfying to own and play. I've owned Suhr, Musicman (still do) and Ibanez and the Suhr is the one I'd let go last if I had to.
Minister for Oravida?
Very few people I know from Air NZ think very highly of Luxon. I've heard him described more as a "good salesman who benefitted from Rob Fyfe's legacy".
You'd think politicians should be expected to have loyalty to the country and people they are elected to represent - not to money or a foreign government. I would hope these politicians can bring themselves to represent *all* generations of New Zealanders rather then only themselves and their generations, and certainly rather than foreign money or government figures. Taking money from arms-length representatives of foreign powers and catering to their wishes seems awfully treacherous.
That's exactly how land was made more affordable and accessible for more Kiwis in the past.
Right about the time China clamped down on capital outflows.
Totalitarian societies have often had family members ratting each other out to score points. It's a sign of how sick INC is.
Wasn't the first rapist for whom Hillary worked to silence complaints.
Yeah, fair enough.
They tried and almost got to 50% by increasing GST after they said they wouldn't. Folk who have to spend most of their income to get by pay proportionally a lot of tax in GST and petrol tax.
It's absurd that housing has gotten to such a state that it's now expected that governments and central banks should do everything possible to prop up prices and *avoid* improving affordability for more people (and also, avoid the cycles that otherwise would occur in free markets).
Because John Key, Bill English et al insisted foreign ownership wasn't a major issue. Now the farmers seek taxpayer support foreign ownership *is* am issue after all?
It's suggested much of that came from their intense years in Hamburg.
Would be good, but we've basically incentivised too many folk to invest in residential property instead of productive business.
Actually post WW2 included massive government efforts to make housing more affordable, including build activity. Big part of why home ownership was so high by the 80s and into early 90s. Wasn't "own two feet".
I'll tell you the answer: many, many, many. All your questions are answered by the research on "talent" that found nothing there. Your example suggests most likely a deficiency in the quality or amount of targeted practice, not a lack of something ethereal.
You don't have your transfer team sorted when you're not intending to win...but you should damn well have your team sorted out two years after the fact. What is he, a tantrum-wracked child, that he cannot gather an effective team?
In a previous example MH17 seemed to have been shot down by Russian forces through mistaken identity or over eagerness.
It's also why verses must be lifted out of their context to support INC positions... because the surrounding contexts just don't.
It's going to be a private members bill introduced by one Paua Benefit.
Yes, like Trump. People are aware Trump is also a tantrum-throwing toddler with poor impulse control. However, in that he's probably an aberration for US presidents rather than the norm. Unless he pulls a Xinping the Pooh and appoints himself dictator for life.
Elder abuse in nursing homes is likely to soar.
How many wealthy drug lords has he taken down by now? Still just the poorer, lower tier dealers?
Did you know the majority of scientific research since WW2 has been publicly funded and it's only recently dipped below 50%? It's as if medical researchers need funding but may not only be motivated by outlandish profits for shareholders who are other folks.
Maybe there's a Chinese entity interested in owning the water utilities. Weird to start with water rather than (for example) electricity which is very expensive for Filipinos.
Ew, Australia.
The Appendix (depending on the edition, I guess) has an article on the Solitaire cypher. Just finished the book yesterday.
One would assume that, yeah, there are likely aspects of masculinity that are *'toxic'* just as there are likely elements of feminity that are likely *'toxic'*.
According to this thread, Seals do.
Are the churches near the volcano covered in ash? Surely God has spared them because INC is special.
Or time in stocks in the nearest village square.
Brand new account. I have doubts.
Interesting in this case that it's a group of racial supremacist nationalists taking on a representative of a nationalist, racial supremacist government.
We can export politician balls. The CCP already has hold of a few of them.
Also can potentially help them counter commonly used disinformation and specious arguments that cast themselves as "evidence" but lack basis in reality.
Also, you'd think Jetts (at least the one in Wyndham St, central Auckland) doesn't have showers, given how much some of the blokes stink. Technically it does,but you'd not know it.
Pamphlets were probably the Fox News of the time.
Wait till you see how bad compliance is with the Bright Line law, and the level of tax evasion from people who bought investment properties with the intent of capital gains but pretend they didn't. Tax evasion from entitled bludgers. But it's the folk on a benefit who are bad.
Great post, thanks!
Still pretty slow year. Just better than Dec 2018, which was a very bad month.
I don't agree it's *only* that. There seems to be plenty of research going on suggesting problems around distraction and focus in a digital world. Cal Newport gives an intro into some of this in his books, for example. Heck, people are growing up in the *Attention * Economy.
What are the odds the T Virus had gone wrong, do you think?
That's why the major parties ignore the recommendations of the Electoral Commission to lower the threshold to 3%. Edit: fixed a word that completely messed up what I meant to say.
Makes a nice change from fast, shouty YouTubers though, at the same time. I've had more than enough of them.
On a related note, George Orwell's Down and Out in Paris and London is a great first hand account of living in poverty.
Anxious Max?
Plenty of folk have been up in arms about the genocidal treatment of Uighurs. And demanding action from politicians. And lambasting NZ politicians who cover for it, e.g. Todd McClay. Also, those other countries don't have spies in our parliament.
Nothing to get, just a fun fact.
Yeah, not that harsh overall. Still a bit more rough than the likes of real pros at free money get though, e.g. https://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&amp;objectid=10743427
Better to spend it on that than subsidising property investors, that's for sure.
Re point four, it's still highly possible for the Church to have warped interpretations or use of the Bible over time despite its involvement in pulling it together hundreds of years AD. Compiling it in line with tradition could also be quite different from the intents of early authors. I.e. research into the very earliest context and writing of the sources might suggest quite different intent or meaning to the way the Catholic Church (or any other) has used the Bible or does in modern times.
Probably means the folk who were the majority population in the countries that formed up Europe (and select native born minorities who were also close enough to "proper"). But not the incoming masses from Northern Africa or parts of the Middle East.
$300 USD already includes a retail mark up. Not the wholesale price, I'd assume.
I say we take off and nuke them from space. It's the only way to be sure.
Being realistic though, great to be able to get taxpayer funding for a trip like this that's realistically more about getting votes from NZ's Pinoy community than any specific issue to be discussed.
That guy doesn't mean wealthy drug users though, so Simon would be fine. Only poor drugs users in the Philosophy face extrajudicial killing...or any consequences, generally.
Philippine politics is all about personality and popularity. I'd suggest this is mostly about appealing to predominantly Catholic Filipino voters in New Zealand.
Look, at the end of the day it is what it is and some folk are just expendable. We can't make a growth omelette without breaking a few eggs. Decades ago the Jews had to make some sacrifices; now it's the Uighurs' turn. China FTW!
AS Colour shirts aren't usually.
Ahh...eh...it's merely a distopian future.
Have the central banks not helped prop up asset values of all types through their actions since the GFC? Does this not benefit investors in those assets?
Cool, go against what Barclays themselves have said. The articles also refer to exacerbating. If you had no argument with what I and these folk have pointed out then you may as well not have bothered replying as you initially did followed by implying it was all to do with company management, when clearly these suggest otherwise. Perhaps you should get in touch with Barclays' CEO and point out that you know better. Still, good you've appeared to implicitly acknowledge the effect they describe. Progress.
All that lying and effort to save face...and it ends up making them look fucking stupid.
George Orwell was such an amazing author. Both in fiction and non-fiction. Prose that's beautiful to read.
Sure, go with that if it helps :) at least only one of us need insist they know better then. I'm fully aware this stuff could conflict with bankers' egos. If your best argument is "oh, yeah, we say those things publicly an align with other folk,but in private we believe it's all is"...well...yeah, that might just reinforce the stereotypes.
Can't be right,the government of China never lies about important stuff. Like SARS...oh, wait.
Outlying on a cold slab now.
Remember the days when National and supporters were against school zones for libertarian reasons... ...then it became all about property portfolios, and libertarian ideals had to be thrown out when inconvenient.
You only have to shout someone down when you don't have good arguments yourself.
Plini is actually a bit more straight ahead. He even talks about it in one of his YouTube clips. Very melodic and accessible, even if he uses interesting variations of chords.
Every member has written a #1 single too. Not sure if there are any other bands where that's the case.
How much of the Marine life washed up on NZ's shoreline has suffocated from eating paper bags?
According to Sustainable Coastlines, one of the major causes of death in washed up dead marine life found around NZ's coast has been plastic bags the animals have tried to swallow, probably thinking they're jellyfish. Hope that helps. I'd encourage you to have a look at some of what they've been doing. In addition, microplastic broken down and in the oceans and food supply chain is looking like a major upcoming health issue.
One wonders. Not a great deal going to NZ, from some suggestions. Like our export water that Kiwis aren't allowed to benefit from a cut of either.
People think there's massive unnecessary spending and the only things that should be spent on are x, y, and z that are important to them.
...and John Key playbook.
Yeah, I don't know. It's a popular refrain. I believe communications was one thing, but then you see regular rants in newspapers that "the council should have communicated it" etc. So, can't win there...
If you do cash out, just pretend you didn't buy it for capital gains so that you can evade tax due.
That private jet won't keep itself in the air without donations!
Compliance with that is loooooowwww. [https://www.newsroom.co.nz/2018/08/08/184105/property-investors-ignoring-bright-line-obligations](https://www.newsroom.co.nz/2018/08/08/184105/property-investors-ignoring-bright-line-obligations)
Dissection!
If so, JLR's testimony will be very interesting.
Re Waterview tunnel, it was others who pushed them to allow it to go ahead and to expand it. National tried to cancel it in favour of motorway through the burbs. And Bill English's brother wanted the money that would've been freed up to go to farm irrigation...
Hence the government needs to build more and more as in the past to foster affordable home ownership. Increase that supply.
Suspicion of being about to commit a crime. We'll, dandy. Minority Report level thinking going on there.
They declare England the winners.
I think NZ did against the Windies. Chris Gayle clobbered Vettori, but he would have clobbered anyone.
How was Southee ever the right choice?
Absolute crap from the Black Caps. They should've won it with overs to spare...but the utter stupidity.
Especially on the likes of bacon. The industry has been working hard against transparency.
We actually shouldn't have WFF or the Accommodation Supplement. Ultimately WFF is just subsidising company wage costs and the Accommodation Supplement is just subsidising investment property.
They're not going to postpone the election instead?
Such as the other poster who pointed it out to you, the whole field of behavioural economics. A simple Google of irrational behaviour in economics will provide you a mass of information, way back to GS Becker in 1962 - and others before. The point was that banks don't automatically deliver great results for society unmitigated. History certainly illustrates that pretty well.
Wow, I've never seen someone so completely dedicated to the idea that humans always behave rationally. How very novel. Behavioural economics certainly encompasses both rational and irrational behaviour and studies of them, yes. Hopefully you've noticed that in the googling. I did not by noting that irrationality is studied within the field exclude the fact rationality is also. Sure, but given private banks don't ipso facto deliver great results for society it would be irrational for society to ignore that in considerations of what to encourage and discourage, limit and free up. That being the point. If you argue rationality acts for benefit then it's irrational for society to ignore the behaviours of banks that do not benefit.
True, beef is the only meat available in developing countries. Actually, in the ones I've lived in it was more expensive than other alternatives. Besides that, if folk in rich countries eliminated or massively reduced their beef eating it would make a great difference.
Well, some of them kinda are in reality. Even at a professional level too universities are now far too focused on being a business of vocational training than research, knowledge and mastery.
It's also why we have shortages of police, nurses, teachers etc. Ridiculous self absorbed policy from older generations has created a big mess including NZ's high household debt.
The last guy was shockingly bad too.
Or commercial air crew could have caught it while overseas.
Fiat fight...? He's been pushing the Fed to debauch the US dollar much harder while Jacinda's not been pressuring Orr.
That's when the guillotines come out eh
Guillotines
Well, the combination of poor political governance, revolving door jobs (how many National folk now work with banks), and constrained / misguided central banking has very much led to massive household debt in NZ and extraordinary amounts of money flowing out of NZ to Aussie. Short term policy for the benefit of the few, at the expense of longer term NZ.
I miss the Density Church parody site that used to be around. Was genuinely clever parody of Destiny and the Tamaki cult leaders.
They're also in massive debt because every mayoral election is run on not raising rates, and there's plenty of necessary maintenance that has been deferred over the years.
Winston kicking the can down the road for other generations to worry about. Fewer fish, lower quality oceans, so his mates can live up large now.
She probably is realistic enough to know basically everyone in NZ is socialist if judged by their actions not just the words they spout.
You cancel someone else's event where the audience, speaker and venue were fine with it...why exactly would you object to that being pointed out as Cancel Culture? If that's what you're trying to accomplish why get upset with it being described as such? It's clearly not in this case as the audience don't want her.
Probably some of the likes of evangelicals vs rock music too...and banning books now. I remember the Dixie Chicks time...some absurd carry-on around that! Plenty of people were lamenting the treatment of them at the time.
That's horrifyingly bad short term thinking from the cricket boards and channels though. Without nurturing young audiences now with decent content they create their own demise over time.
If they're held to the same standards as National they have another six years of non delivery before getting turfed out.
Surely fixing housing shortages should be instantaneous! But absolutely agree they need to do more to address long growing problems .
Unlike the NZ dollar protected by Bollard, now Orr...
Probably wearing a Kiss Me, I'm Irish shirt too
Apparently it was one Englishman with a chip on his shoulder who mutated Christchurchians into these malformed school-snobs. Seems a trifle bizarre from the outside of Chch. A bit try-hard.
People scratch their balls, pick their noses, itch their asses etc. with those filthy mitts. Keep them to themselves.
Well, they understand because they can sell to get the benefit of those large mortgages younger folk carry. The RBNZ has pulled spending from the future to today to allow folk to live up large.
I know, was really being facetious
Yes we've blown the asset bubble up so much they're pulling out the stops to keep it inflated, for bank stability.
Misread that as Butthurt in Auckland at first. Thought, "Ah jeez, another Mike Hosking thread?"
Does terrorist propaganda include preaching that they should be put to death according to the will of God?
Technically it was an allegorical criticism of communism. Not just a novel.
Kasparov makes that point very well in his book Deep Thinking. He's also well aware of Putin's carry-on targeting people who don't know how but are susceptible to what.
Never let old folk govern a new communication technology.
Stop hiding behind whiny "bad faith argument". I used God rather than Allah because such exhortations to violence are obviously not limited to one faith. You haven't answered whether exhortations to killing should be included.
True, true.
When it took a dive I thought it was Suarez...but then it didn't bite anyone.
&gt;well obviously religious doctrine isn't Terrorist Propaganda Hah. Cool. All good to exhort people to slaughter others for being gay, apostates, or various other reasons. Good on ya. Your "bad faith" whining is just weak whining and you should stop doing it as it makes you look like you cannot debate. Close your brackets.
Doesn't look like you've gotten much.
No change. Just like your inability to draw straight lines, and constant resort to hiding behind whining of "bad faith" (proxy for "hard question").
I never brought up the Koran, you've just given exhortations to murder a blanket exemption if you decide they're in religious doctrine. Shouldn't have been that hard for you to be consistent re terrorist propaganda.
The headline was suggestive: " Strike Force Raptor Unit proposed to tackle gangs"
Almost 5K...almost...perhaps tomorrow it'll tick over the 5,000 mark. That's a lot of people finding freedom from a cash cult.
Too much screen time? Reduce it by not wasting it on boring webex services. Save it for something enjoyable.
Doesn't that put its reserve currency status at risk, though? At the moment the risk is lower because of the sheer lack of viability of other major players, but...how long can that go on?
People are spending too much time of Facebook receiving their Two Minutes Hate each day. That's a big part of the problem.
If we did a better job of managing the economy overall in the previous decades we'd have better health and mortality outcomes too. E.g. lower house prices giving people more options and scope to progress, warmer houses reducing medical issues and costs etc.
And run the rest of the economy off investment property instead of innovation. Credit bubbles instead of productive enterprise.
Feels like it's the same on LinkedIn.
Hah. This is amusing. Well done.
Garrote the carrot!
Supply and demand should both be addressed, agree. However even with the same amount of supply credit availability certainly affects ceilings. In addition, the Auckland council has opened a bunch more land since 2017... however, yes, we need more. And land tax would help foster more supply by encouraging efficient use of land space. That said, certainly highlights the importance of reasonable migration volumes vs. local capacity.
Make carrot grated again!
Huzzah!!
In that case though it's probably a rational reaction for people to attempt to keep the cheaper ones out. If they think that letting more cheap labour in will reduce their income I'd expect them to try to prevent that.
Yeah, they're certainly not keen to do those jobs for little money. That's per the other poster's comment...you wouldn't expect them to want them to do it that cheap.
You reckon in an unmitigated pandemic they would've been fine then?
You're assuming there are medical staff present at all isolation facilities? It's impressive we've managed to source all those extra nursing resources.
Actually it had already been well covered that while the government was springing for as much funding as MoH needed, they themselves said that skilled people were the biggest bottleneck. So it's not necessarily valid to assume that every hotel used for incoming isolation would have nurses there testing all the time or regularly enough ever since these were set up.
Actually it had already been well covered that while the government was springing for as much funding as MoH needed, they themselves said that skilled people were the biggest bottleneck. So it's not necessarily valid to assume that every hotel used for incoming isolation would have nurses there testing all the time or regularly enough ever since these were set up, or that they'd be available to pop around for exceptions here or there. Just bloody isolate and stop asking for exceptions for this or that, is the most practical, achievable approach in a new, strange set of events.
There were a set number of testing stations around, not nurses at every hotel. They should have been required to drive to the testing station if there wasn't testing at the hotel...but given their behaviour, highly likely they wouldn't have anyway.
Well, I was reading analysis from the Fed a wee while back pointing out that cities and states that had taken far stronger approaches to isolation in the 1918 flu fared better economically in the aftermath than ones that did not, for example. That's the point: it's no simple dichotomy of no lockdown and economic bliss vs lockdown and economic catastrophe because badly mitigated pandemics have their own terrible economic effects.
Agree...needs a massive effort...hence I'm glad they're now pushing back against the idea of exceptions willy-nilly.
Yeah, sounds easy when we're all planning in our heads and comments how everything should be managed. It's really surprising given such that things have gone wrong at all and stuff has slipped through the cracks.
Demios are a commonly stolen car and the police were following a "vehicle of interest".
So the good things about being in Christchurch are when you can get out of Christchurch? Hah...fair enough
The user probably doesn't know
I just wonder...do they expect INC to collapse at some point so they're trying to extract as much money in the next couple of years as they can? Or do they think they can go full brainwashing and get away with it no problem?
There's a good remix of Amaaaaaa somewhere on this sub. Worth the listen.
Probably one of those folks who rant against socialism but actually want socialism for me but capitalism for thee (not actual socialism, just free money).
It's precisely the level of human failures that shows it was irresponsible and moronic for media and politicians to be pushing for this and that exception to the rules. Things are going to be hard enough to get right and we don't have all the well-trained people, well-resourced operations and processes in place, and people will always make mistakes. It was naive and fanciful to think various exceptions should have or could have been granted and nothing would ever go wrong.
Out there asking for more compassionate exceptions and pretending to themselves that we have all the trained staff for managing pandemic conditions across NZ and nothing could possibly go wrong.
As someone who studied commerce I'd rather a utility is not run by accountants / financiers. There's been enough skimping on maintenance over the years.
My car mechanic takes the same approach, I think.
Same as National really, except for John Key lying about not increasing GST then doing so once elected.
Since the 1970s or so governments and companies seem to have seen universities as vocational training for workforces rather than as places of research and knowledge development.
Someone else took her words and used them for their own purposes. Surely not the first time that has happened to a person.
You disagree that companies often make a degree a prerequisite for considering an applicant, and that more and more University courses have been aimed at preparing people for fields of work?
Eh, there's been plenty of coverage of the concerning shift from knowledge and research to credentialing and running everything as a business, over recent decades. And degree inflation in the job market. Not suddenly new ideas. Pushing universities toward vocational training as a business is a problem,not an ideal. There are other institutions for that purpose...but the thinking that's a good aim does indeed highlight the issue I raised.
Man...it's truly stunning for Clark to say that. Must have zero idea of how to appear strong and possessing of leadership potential to stand up and say "not me, not me". Would appear so much more a strong leader to take some responsibility. (In saying that, John Key was constantly dodging responsibility and it never seemed to matter in his case...perhaps Clark thinks he can do the same despite not being a "good guy to have a beer with".)
He famously gave Collins last, last, last, final, final warnings over and over to avoid taking action, followed by cringy interviews that were studies in avoidance. Made folk wonder what she had on him.
At least they'd listen to science, though it's unsurprising you describe it as science fiction. Fits.
Tell us about how the political right has listened to scientists on climate change, oh do!
Still ignoring his shambolic handling of Collins, that being the original point. Would've been better to post better examples if you had them rather than unrelated ones. Hekia Parata? Key didn't come close to sacking her at all, leading to Bryce Edwards suggesting he only kept her around because she was a moderately attractive Maori woman (tokenism) and to a One News Colmar Brunton poll in February 2013 showing 59% of those surveyed believed the Prime Minister John Key made the wrong decision by keeping Parata on. Exactly the kind of weak leadership you're now whinging about when it's someone not your fave. Richard Worth resigned. Heatley was merely reshuffled. Wilkinson also resigned. Bit dishonest there. Then there was Mike Sabin. Weak leadership from Key. Adjust your rosy tines.
LOL what on earth are you on about?
Seems like most economics being practiced right now is. Massive debt, socialism for the asset owners off the back of productive people, money printing, crony capitalism...We spend over 50% of our welfare on old folk pensions regardless of need, prop up property prices by transferring wealth from savers and earners, and rant against funding education rather than blowing up the asset credit bubbles. Mess.
Yeah, frustrating how good he is given he had that time with bad eyes...if only he'd gotten it fixed earlier he'd be even more incredible, record wise.
The one where the ref didn't award the due offside penalty? Yeah, that was a massive let off and let down.
Looks even more like a hypodermic needle too.
I'm not a Christian any longer but saying "the religious right is the movement...the harm they're causing is the goal" seems just as illegitimate as equating rioters and protestors. It's taking a small proportion of wider groups and saying they are representative of the whole. Being fair to the Biblical Christ, he himself said "by their fruit shall you know that they are my disciples", so if real Christians are identified by their resemblance to Christ's instructions then the religious right don't look very Christian. That said, of course it's possible for a sincere Christian to fall into terrible sin at some point. Not arguing a Christian can't commit terrible sin like this. Point was more about the Christian right movement. Depends who's definition of Christianity you take as the starter, is the point. That of the early Christian writers who clearly say your behaviour shows whether your faith is real, or some other definition.
Did you reply to the right post? Just checking. As mine clearly says equating rioters and protestors as the same is not legitimate. Also highlights that the Christian right in the USA doesn't resemble Christianity according to Christ. So our posts are not in opposition. Appears you may have misunderstood. But, appreciate the supporting references then, cheers.
Austerity for young working Kiwis. Socialism for older asset owning Kiwis. Also, commence selling NZ off to foreign ownership because what could possibly go wrong in a century that will be marked by climate and food security issues. Short term self-absorbed policy for the win, Burkean conservatism consigned to the scrap heap.
It's either a vicious or virtuous cycle, unfortunately. If you put in massive roads and lots of cars combined with exclusionary zoning, you get out spread and congestion. If you liberalise zoning and reduce massive roads you'll get people living closer to work and less gravitating to spread, making public transport more practical.
Wasn't because he was shit at computers it was because he wanted to be in front of the media. He took those risks for political benefit.
Interesting to see the legal system describe renting as a form of material hardship. Government and central bank should take note.
I know, I described it as such. And the amount being based on land value reflects the value society around that land creates for it.
Yep.
It used to be that way here too. Was changed for an MP who got caught out.
They should really change their name from National party if they're not prepared to represent NZ instead of a foreign power.
Strangely, science denial never seems to put people off from voting for National or ACT. But it does the Greens.
Ah, thanks
They're going to promote Hone Yang, as he's now known.
We don't really seem to have actual free market conservatives in NZ. Just folk who expect handouts for themselves while ranting against them going to poor folk.
