I honestly would not have eaten some days if it was not for government cheese. It was usually cheddar if I remember right but once we got a block of mozzarella and it was like winning the lottery.
It's probably just the repeating word the dog is trying to figure out if it's directed at them or something they need to respond to. Many dogs know the word 'door'.
Does he know you only texted him so you could publicly humiliate him?
That's the thing I never get on here. At night when you hear a bike disturbing the peace it's always a high pitched sport bike going way too fast but for some reason only Harleys get the hate.
Sports bikes can and are just as loud and and actually more common in my area. The high pitched sound carries way farther too. At 2am when you hear a bike in the distance it is always a sport.
"insecure douchebags who think that being an annoying twat makes them somehow manly." That could be applied to a lot of people on reddit actually.
For the sole reason of looking for comments to make fun of publicly. What a horrible person.
Yep https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evel_Knievel
https://i.imgur.com/UjkgVId.png and this at 14:14
That is awesome. Can anyone get these cards?
I couldn't make anything out from this. I normalized and ran through an EQ to get rid of some of the muddyness. I tried reversing it and it just sounds reversed. The 2nd place it happens it's just this repeated. Possibly not english?
Next year there will be adults born after 9/11. Now I feel fucking old.
And he was on deferred sentence for another armed robbery. That's probably why he was so worried.
[Could be](https://i.imgur.com/spVcoaP.jpg)
Nope, I started setting mine up then reset it and it picked new words the next time. If they set it up ahead of time hoping you wouldn't notice and use their words it would be password protected and you would have to reset it.
For ripple traders it's not as endless. Nano S is really the only option for a hardware wallet.
It's sad how old the last one is and we still have not been back. It feels like we failed the sacrifice they made.
That's how it's supposed to work. If you started over without going through the recovery phrase you would see it makes a new one each time until you complete the process.
There are a few weird things going on here. They won't make a ripple wallet and are only taking BTC ETH and LTC donations and for this scam to work they would also have to have been provided a PIN to use with the device and that seems like it would raise suspicion for even a novice. I mean would you think you were not supposed to even pick your own PIN?
For this to work you would also have been provided a PIN. Didn't that make you wonder if something was not right with it? Did you not think to reset it at least once before putting thousands on the thing? These facts and that the person is not exposing the ebay seller and also is only taking BTC donations because for some reason they can't set up a ripple wallet until Tuesday is making me wonder if the real scam is these posts.
Ah thanks for the info! the Blocks: field IS increasing (currently at 67937) guess I will leave it for a while and see what happens.
Project: , CPID: , and Status: fields are blank is that ok until its synced?
The PIN is the first thing it asks for or sets up when turning it on. If it's new it has you create one if not you have to enter the one you set. Check out this video he goes through the setup process: https://youtu.be/SKWYO3Qh79A?t=522 This is the one I watched to know what to expect when I got mine.
HODL that FSK
One unrelated interesting thing is that song (Empty Spaces) is actually not on the album and is in the movie only. The lyrics for it were included on the sleeve of the LP for The Wall though.
The best ones have hamburgers inside
Apparently buy the rumor sell the news is an actual thing.
Put up a video or something on the point of sale showing them exactly what to expect when they get it. Go through the steps of setting it up properly. this is what I watched before getting mine so that scam wouldn't have worked on me https://youtu.be/SKWYO3Qh79A?t=522
It's sad I only came to the comments to make sure this was here.
Wow this should have just been posted it's much better uncut with sound.
It actually is. Otherwise they would be arrested and possibly executed for doing something like this.
Most of us can figure out when to turn them on without the government forcing us. Also using more power for no reason (headlights in the day) wastes fuel.
That wastes oil/fuel. That extra power isn't free.
Is Trump+ like Atheism+?
This would be uphill for meatloaf
A few of them might even not have been crew or family!
I would buy a ticket for that show.
Yea there was not one word about it prior to it happening that I saw on any forum or chat. Everyone was saying it was looking up for January.
If we all got together and subbed and watched each others stuff would we all get above the limit in time?
Not only that but they will not automatically reinstate you just for making the numbers they only promise to review you for 'possible' reinstatement.
It is to me.
Oh but we're the only choice. Darn it. https://i.imgur.com/UHsVw9r.gif
The trick is automating your job and not telling anyone about it.
They leveled up the engineers and pilots already and need more science so they can unlock the final tree.
He shouldn't have touched it.
You hand them a fiver and hope their life gets better?
You can still double or triple your money but dont expect to get rich off of a $10 investment now.
Except this is on the ripple site What is Ripple? Ripple is the name for both a digital currency (XRP) and an open payment network within which that currency is transferred.
The ripple site says xrp is digital currency named ripple.
That's the problem with these statistics. Usually they are studies funded by the airlines to make them seem safer than they really are.
Planes actually don't win or are about even if you calculate it by hours.
They count one plane bumping into another on the runway as a 'crash'.
sooo.. he's going to stop then?
I worked for a place once that got a misspelled sign and got the signmaker to give them a refund then said fuck it and used it anyway.
Not believing in cancer she will probably not get regular breast exams and that will greatly increase her chances of dying from cancer. Things have a way or working themselves out.
It was in the teaser for the season so it was the only new GOT content for a while and was watched over and over.
For his audience 5% of what they invest is a lot of money.
[It was Mrs O'Leary's cow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq_bqbqNGmA)
So, he used a sealer.. Good, good.
Ah that's why mine got denied and my cargo van didn't. The van was way more unsafe pulling things since it's only 2wd and has no weight. The explorer pulls a 22' sailboat around like nothing but I couldn't rent a trailer from u-haul.
Every time I am waiting at a chinese restaurant and hear them answer the phone I am disappointed they don't answer the phone like this.
Bregant
I am pining for a reboot of the series.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Get_Crazy
free carbon fiber blade upgrade with every purchase
It's better when the insane person actually is the poster of the thing.
You sure they all feel that way?
&gt; Facebook is a shithole that's better
We're at work.
tasty
Wow that is pretty creepy. Ask for evidence and they dig through your past looking for dirt. Reminds me of the Scientologists.
They better rename it to 'The Vail of Stevens'
Especially the huma..Barbie heads.
MSNBC is the lefts verison
The Empire was definitely racist or 'speciest' http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Speciesism
He had no chance. You had the high ground.
Oh hamburgers!
Where do you get that? I have a puppy that definitely knows the difference between regular food and a treat.
I thought this was America?
I look like one from above too.
lemon tree
Expect the unexpected!
What about Packard Bell?
as a former 9590 user I can confirm. The thing overheated underclocked with a liquid cooler.
British Ken M
https://i.imgur.com/3o80jZB.gif
Click it with adblock so it uses hosting resources without getting ad revenue.
Wait, Bill Gates doesn't personally code every line of Windows?
Wait.. you're NOT all dapper gentlemen in top hats?
&gt; Kate von D I had to google it. She's a tattoo artist apparently.
All the stick on vents makes me have hope this was done ironically. I don't know though.
That is probably more common than people realize since you will get banned from lots of subs for posting there for any reason.
I watched a video review on one you had to open the door and sit on the edge of the seat hanging out the side to back up. And that is the actual recommended factory method.
Name it "Lamboat"
But it HAS gotten better. Certainly nothing to check out over. I have chronic depression usually over the fact life is so short. Please hang on something is better than oblivion.
I guess I am glad I don't follow local news too much I had no idea and live in the area.
It's friggin summer here now! Save the depression for the fall.
Isn't that because it's traditionally not done between men not because he is sexist?
You sure about that? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpSM8KnmvUk
After reading it they are just naming the empty space between organs and calling it a new one. They also mention acupuncture and that is a huge red flag to be suspect of anything they write.
It's a mobile enclosed space with a chair that you own. Why wouldn't you?
Wait a minute I have never seen one that doesn't push it from water in the tank above except in boats and campers.
The bible does say to kill anyone claiming to be able to talk to the dead
Fetch me the longitudinal strengthener!
What, no takers?
They were coming right at him!
first one, then the other
But since it's Trump every outlet besides Fox is doing it.
I read the article and failed to find the quote they are referring to. What exactly did he say? "Trump made the remarks over dinner last Friday during a discussion on foreign affairs at the G7 summit in Quebec, Canada, one of the diplomats told BuzzFeed News. The sources spoke on the condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to speak on the matter." oh
But it gets in everything
Did our guys come from the same goofy litter? https://i.imgur.com/C9cXT1z.jpg
I was gonna say even this won't get you out of the friendzone.
Bethesda needs to hire that guy for E3 their cringe game was lacking this year.
Do yourself a favor and look up the bitconnect guy it's cringe on a scale rarely seen.
We all live in America
Jon Snovi
In Washington state you are required to know this to drive a jet ski.
So you failed at failing?
Not a single finglonger among them.
never trust a middlenut guy you never know what side they fall on.
I am going to stop reading on this topic here while I am ahead.
A news article about a subreddit being a mess. Hilarious. Also every time a subs users disagree with the mods it's blamed on brigading. No it's not brigading your users are pissed off.
This happened to my mom but she did get her feeling back after. Fingernails and toenails are one of the things chemo attacks as it goes for the fast dividing cells.
The whole plea bargain thing is messed up. You plead guilty to get a 'chance' they will go easy on you but the judge won't tell you what they will do until after you commit.
The fallout 4 engine is new to the franchise..
Also nobody knows exactly what he said. It's just going off a buzzfeed article that didn't have a quote.
So the guy calling bullshit on Russian propaganda is a Russian troll but the people supporting and spreading it are not?
How about a pizza trophy?
Damn time travellers trying to make memes again.
The Committee for the Liberation and Integration of Terrifying Organisms and their Rehabilitation Into Society
I would but it's time for tasteball.
all 44 subscribers
Haha someone asked if he has a shirt with his face on it and not only does he have one but he sells them.
people=shit, the shape, heretic anthem
My favorite activity is to snipe drivers on the road until I get a good jam of vehicles and then blow them all up when the next one comes by.
Try posting in T_D if you want to see the bans rolling in.
Is it going to remove your spyware from my computer?
I was wondering how Trump would be shoehorned into this topic.
Here you go: https://www.reddit.com/r/Steam/comments/8pud8b/psa_red_shell_spyware_holy_potatoes_were_in_space/ Games who used Redshell which removed or pledged to remove it (as of 18.06.2018): Elder Scrolls Online ( Pledged to remove it ) Conan Exiles ( Pledged to remove it ) Ylands ( Removed it ) Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! ( Removed it ) All Total War games, ( Pledged to remove it ) Warhammer: Vermintide II, ( Pledged to remove it ) Warhammer: Vermintide I, (might get removed also?) My Time At Portia, ( Pledged to remove it ) Dead by Daylight, ( Pledged to remove it ) Battlerite, ( Pledged to remove it ) AER Memories of Old, ( Pledged to remove it ) Magic the Gathering Arena (closed beta &amp; not on Steam), ( Pledged to remove it for now ) Secret World Legends ( Pledged to remove remains of it ) Hunt: Showdown ( Pledged to remove it ) Escapists 2 ( Pledged to remove it ) Omensight ( Pledged to remove it ) Ballistic Overkill ( Pledged to remove it ) . Games still using Redshell according to community reports (as of 18.06.2018): Civilization VI, Kerbal Space Program, Guardians of Ember, The Onion Knights, Realm Grinder, Heroine Anthem Zero, Warhammer 40k Eternal Crusade, Krosmaga Eternal Card Game Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 Astro Boy: Edge of Time Cabals: Card Blitz CityBattle | Virtual Earth Desolate Doodle God Doodle God Blitz Dungeon Rushers Labyrinth My Free Farm 2 NosTale RockShot Shadowverse SOS &amp; SOS Classic SoulWorker Stonies Tales from Candlekeep: Tomb of Annihilation War Robots Survived By Injustice 2 The Wild Eight Yoku's Island Express Raging Justice Warriors: Rise to Glory! Trailmakers Clone Drone in the Danger Zone Vaporum Robothorium League of Pirates Doodle God: Genesis Secrets New adds: Archangel: Hellfire Skyworld
Comedy gold right here
No read only write. Actually that explains a lot of posts on here.
ok, please someone link to the fbi backflip guy
No place for hidin' baby, no place to run.. You pull the trigger of my Love gun
You are supposed to have a fume fan in there to prevent that from happening.
That's when they turn on you.
and the best part is it never reaches your wrist.
or a gun
or "I drive a little car and you should too. I am going to block traffic to show you how much better I am."
Yep, that goes for all of the people involved.
Nah sport bikes are the worst by far.
Wouldn't the same laws apply to the 'new' internet?
Nobody figured out how to include/blame Trump in the discussion yet.
Yeah just like this https://i.imgur.com/aDvsOkp.png
Don't like the post? Attack the source!
How u get pegnat?
I met him once and he said he doesn't concern himself with subs now that the cold war is over.
https://www.ebay.com/b/Ferrari-Vintage-Sunglasses-for-Men/79720/bn_65010272
Waay before that
I bought my first house almost a year ago and still just have a table in the living room.
Still hanging in there. Good for you blackberry.
Don't get the S8 if you are hard on phones. It is the most delicate phone I have ever owned. I cracked it almost immediately and am afraid to replace it because I know it will happen again.
The Dreamcast got forgotten so bad it didn't make it into the comic.
I bet it never caught a rabbit either.
Exactly, in China they would have taken a picture and ran away. Good on them for helping.
So you support the action but are against it because Trump.
If it's anything like mine it just wanted to nip at the other dog as it got out of the water. Hurry! get em while he's down!
Who cares? I just wanted to keep this going.
Republicans don't even take Cruz seriously.
While I kinda agree in this situation, making certain views illegal for people to hold office goes against everything this country was founded on.
Stewie has to be Ford though you know Hopkins acting must have inspired his creation.
no hacks getting through those huge pixels
Lefty loosy, righty tighty
We're reminded every time someone on the left says something stupid on it.
Suicide machine is my best guess
will you inspect the valve stems? yeah anyone that knows the basics of how a car operates would. has this person never put air in a tire?
Holy crap: The surviving passengers were offered complimentary roundtrip travel tickets to any destination in the world (airport fees not included) and a single serving bag of peanuts.
I got a Catalina 22 swing keel that I store at home and it's really cheap at the moment but I got a good initial turn key package for $5k that needed nothing to get it in the water. Compared other non sailing boats I have owned this is WAY cheaper to spend all day out in. It's nice not having to worry about fuel so much.
bitmoji? Why not Aitmoji?
Be the change you want to see.
He should have only referred to you as 'the yellow dart' for the rest of the year.
Should the cops visit anyone who makes that purchase combo?
Knights of the old republic 1&amp;2
doesnt matter what they say as long as there are closeups and dramatic music. Thats what the kids like right?
When it happens on a right leaning sub
Being dressed that way he was obviously asking for it.
Why is victim blaming ok for this topic?
/r/DWASBPEIF
They probably also play both types of music in there. Country and Western.
collection plates
But aren't African Americans even more religious than white Americans?
Maybe he took a class on cheese while there.
i cant tell with all the cracks
It's against Trump though so it's ok. To the TOP!
I would like to see someone find some that support Russia and NK over other countries. That's like the exact opposite of what Trump supporters/Republicans think.
xe wanted a disabledamericanis.
fiveshadowing?
I keep seeing this and still am unsure if it's an insult or compliment.
Don't they always say this and then it never happens?
So he's being sued over another lawsuit? Sueception?
"AMC &amp; Robert Kirkman Soaked In ‘Fear The Walking Dead’ Suit By Comic Creator" What does that even mean?
It started where most do, on 4chan.
The creation story in Genesis actually supports the flat earth 'theory'.
It sounds crazy but the drinking bleach thing is actually happening.
Many of the videos supporting flat earth seem to have a British accent for some reason.
Don't make me break out the Klein bottle
Something, something CVS receipt. Upboat!
sixhead at least
The dems should'a picked Bernie not Hillary then.
I am just happy she isn't complaining about the compliments.
This should be combined with my car horn button fix: https://i.imgur.com/3nV28T1.jpg
Would ask but.. Dave? Dave's not here.
A vigilante rises from the trash and attempts to wipe out crime in the town of South Park...
I can't get to twitter from work what happened to Teller?!
Yay, how long until this new feature is forced on all of us.
ah, whew thanks for the reply.
since both kinda went to crap it wouldnt hurt.
and here i felt bad putting a keyboard in the trash.
Hopefully this will make the game even more popular.
Something similar happened to me when I sneezed on my S8 screen.
Ford planned it all!
Great Tyrion Lannister tat!
What is this 90's AOL? Get me on that MM
Snape killed John Snow!
I am sad lemonry isn't a real word. It should be damnit!
stick and pinecone stopped being fun after they nerfed stick.
Reason: destroyed by misadventure.
If you get hit it is
How can they fix it for everyone? Ban opiates completely?
The writers don't even understand what happened.
That's the anti click-bait title.
I can't even get it to see I own the game.
We will be when it's cut from the funding of the next game.
Will he run out of flares or chutes first?!
Safety squints engaged!
/r/DWASBPEIF but this is more of a dog who is fine pretending everything is stuck.
isnt there currently a riot in France over gas and carbon taxes being too high?
Rules are rules, someone must die.
/r/Dogfort
More proof outside is just not worth it.
I expected more honestly
Does this mean we have to pay for another stadium?
It's also the reason for heat shields. When you hit the air going that fast you need something to burn while you slow down that isn't you.
All left.
I think most people voted for Trump because of the alternative choice given.
Was this posted because we should be skeptical of the [writer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandy_X._Lee#Views_on_Donald_Trump)? We should be.
Someone like this might be questioning their religion for the first time. It should be encouraged.
Arianna Huffington?
money
Keeps him for a few days and look for fliers around the area. Someone must be looking for the pupper!
Abandoned beds on an open field Ned!
Can't spell slaughter without laughter
with blackjack and hookers.
but what about his porn count?
He probably wants what is in the bowl.
I predict the kids nickname will be 'defendant'.
When you come up with a crazy explanation for burglary that actually works.
Try Portland Here you go: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3X8lQvudZJ6fMsL7WwqEDw
gods help us.
You should be ashamed to NOT contribute any way you can not the other way around.
For quite a few of us enough income to live is all we will ever make.
hmm I don't know let me call in my friend who is an expert on sex.
We did actually. Thank god she lost.
Not really. It's more to rile up reactionaries and works very well.
They didn't even hide mechjeb
A page to enter your info to request a refund. What could go wrong?
Why do they need a reason other than they don't like it?
Turning Atton into a dark jedi was one of the few times playing video games I really felt evil.
They only don't allow ugly (in their minds) ones. Post a cute girl with a prosthetic and it would be at the top.
If only we had a sub to complain about mods.. oh wait they banned it.
Mine wouldn't be even if you counted the value of the car I drove there in.
I have owned dozens of cars in my life and only ever paid over 4k once and that was for my '79 Vette. My 3 current running cars are: 2001 Ford Explorer Paid $1900 1996 Mazda Miata Paid $1700 and got 2k getting rear ended that I used to buy the Explorer. It still runs and drives fine. 1996 Ford Econoline Van Paid $1200 None of them are probably worth $1k now but all run and do what I need them to do.
Speaking as a former 14 year old knowing something is wrong isn't enough to stop them and may actually have the opposite effect.
Southpark did it.
Imagine being that person wondering what option would give them the least trouble.
Just admit MindField is paid Vsauce1 already. It's getting old.
Someone hook this guy up with the shopping cart fire pit guy. They could have a convention.
Like someone who came here in bad faith and got called out?
Probably youtube, patreon, twitter, facebook.. standard for unpersoning someone.
What a jerk. Trump invites him up and has a fun conversation with him that he uses later to try and make him look bad to the public. He shoulda kicked em to the curb. Hopefully the next ungrateful film crew will get told off when they want to film on his property.
Undoing God's work.
You guys are upvoting the National Enquirer owners statement. Just let that sink in.
Trump has bat-boy locked in the White House basement too!
I need that doormat at my house
You could always play Gran Turismo and have 900 skylines and 600 miatas.
Should someone tell them they can't bail people out of ICE?
Queen on a thing
They have nothing to lose at this point. Why not.
Member when devs used to make games even harder when people complained about them being too hard?
Sounds like a Mr. Bean episode
From his side it probably looks like it.
Just keep a bucket of water to turn it to obsidian if it gets out of hand.
Just fix it right by putting chain around the whole thing to hold it down.
Youtube creators need a union.
It's literally their business model.
The 'manual' check is when the creator finds out they are copystriked and complains.
and the real small channels all got completely demonitiized at the beginning of the year.
It's because the prosecuting attorney let him get a plea deal and he wasn't convicted of rape. that's who to blame (besides the rapist of course).
[The OG metal is nature](https://i.imgur.com/nxoXFGV.jpg)
..and gets treatment he needs, then goes on to work his way out of homelessness and opens a shelter for all the doggos in his area.
We need a poll on the looks of Freddie over the years. My favorite is the scruffy miracle era.
I think it's a prop and probably is very light. There is even a driver in the seat. Or maybe he just crashed there.
I'll rip off your head and live in your skull!
Derpa robotics.
slowly morphing into yakety sax.
[citation-needed]
You are making the claim so you have to provide the evidence.
&gt; people to talk to each other and give each other the benefit of the doubt But you are not doing that by judging them for their clothing.
Lies! there were at least 20 I was 60% sure were female.
/r/shitpeoplethinkamericansdo
I used to go to the torrent sites and sort by seeds to see what was popular.
On minimum missing a day can mean your lights/heat gets shut off.
I wonder if this guy just shot it up for some other reason and just made this up to post on facebook as an excuse that he thought sounded reasonable.
Does nothing happen to companies that do this? I am in the wrong business.
I just played through Final Fantasy 1 on the NES and started 2. Having a great time.
Not really. I understand but still do it. Pizza is that good.
But I don't want anyone else to like something I don't like!
They did add one but she got fed to the gators.
ok NOW I am buying this game
How else am I to slow down for the turn?
No she will probably.
He might not get out of this one .. hahahaha https://i.imgur.com/XcwKsFs.png
There are countries with actual rape culture but it's racist to point it out.
This guy did and will regret it until his dying day https://www.cnbc.com/2017/12/20/man-lost-127-million-worth-of-bitcoins-and-city-wont-let-him-look.html
Ever notice this icon on some electronics? https://i.imgur.com/lLk5QEk.png
&gt; Really, just ban forced adherence movements. Any organization with proscriptions about those who leave it. Islam?
It's just people using any excuse to bash conservatives on here.
you mean King Dome
better follow them to find out what you're missing
That's the problem I have. Everything IS pointless when it comes down to it. Getting over depression for me is ignoring that fact and keeping myself distracted.
/r/santaismetal
I was partial to "we made the taxpayers pay for this even though they voted against it.. field" but it's kinda long.
Before and after visiting /r/trees
The whole thing was probably fake and just to weed out who would work
&gt; That's because it's intertwined with your "lifestyle". What is wrong with that though? As long as they are not hurting anyone else.
In NK it's April Ham Link Un
They are shoehorning women into movies to try and take advantage of the SJW crazies.
Flowern't
Who what?
Probably farming upvotes assuming every post will end up about Trump. It probably works well.
He got better
ok let's see how they shoehorned a female into this one too.
Let's pull out of everywhere fuck em all.
..at the people who think he had something to do with it.
&gt; stop bragging like you are superior to others because you smoke weed People do that past junior high school?
but an amazing songwriter.
/r/tilfromkenm
Mintn't
Primus?
Check the post above yours. There is a list of the attacks that DID happen. Hint: it's not 0.
Especially when it's not even a race. Is criticizing Christians considered racist too? What about furries?
Someone thinks they are the speech police. Point and laugh.
The US standards are to call self proclaimed speech police "cunts".
Does she know she's an ad?
You started with a strawman argument there. If the left REALLY just said that there would be no problem but what ACTUALLY happens is they decide something is problematic and no longer want ANYONE having it available to them. That is what the right gets upset about. If you don't like it don't watch it. Say out of my face telling me how horrible I am for liking it.
and? Are 'gross' videos no longer allowed on the internet?
We could complain on /r/subredditcancer but they took that away too.
It does sounds moronic. You can't allow yourself to like a thing Trump does even if you agree because you hate him too much.
Gary Christmas!
My first attempt at hot yoga
They don't even fit!
They bombed Hiroshima with a cow and a chicken after all.
teef
They should still be involved so the person learns what happens when you make claims like this in public.
They all require an external air source /r/technicallythetruth
Does he have an account and a thread on there?
Hur dur must be a gamer am I rite guys? Please give me validation.
That's the problem with stealing, you never know if the person values the item more than your life. They lost the gamble and got off easy really.
They committed a felony, got guns pointed at them, tried to commit another felony and got shot at. I see no problem.
&gt; for a theft that didn’t warrant use of force. Says who? Every thief knows there is a chance the person he is stealing from will value the thing more than their life. Play stupid games..
Why are felons allowed to get away with it there? Ohhhhh..
Your example ignores the reason the situation started in the first place. If someone points a gun at your car and you have just committed a felony it's not self defense.
Some people on here think exactly that. They have to be trolls right?
hmm he refused to tell the guard what room he was staying in until he called the cops. These guys in Oregon know how to play the game.
/r/watchprofitsdieinside
Don't dogs open inside
It seems like just IRC with some voice features to me.
When everyone is sick nobody is sick.
I didn't but can confirm that without reading it.
A++ would grade again
Should we tell him what's on the other side of the border in Florida?
Check with the DNC first.
Pokemon go to the gun show.
Were they always that price?
you'ren't
We don't and that's why the president is doing what he is doing.
Or doesn't get there at all, or gets there and sits on a airfield because they would rather claim Trump did nothing than give it to the people. https://abcnews.go.com/US/thousands-water-bottles-meant-puerto-ricos-hurricane-maria/story?id=57782040
Those random deadly blasts going around hitting busses. What can you do?
Meeting new people would take getting used to.
We do deserve them because we actually made them this way on purpose. It's our duty to take care of them now.
cmon guys the poem didn't even get gilded. We're better than this
HID lights are what you hate not LED ones.
/r/delusionalartists needs content!
3 is actually where it lost the way. 76 is where it ended up in the bad part of town with a racist bumper sticker.
...and this bird can never chang*splat*
I am wondering how people thought it worked if not this. Isn't it obvious from the outside?
How many strokes on your pump to get it up again?
Not yet anyway
Still there today, legend has it.
It's on reddit I think we are a little too late for that.
You had the chance to change their mind but instead insulted them. That's not how we will solve this.
Clive
Can we eat you instead?
That's how you get someone to see your side.
I am honestly wondering if some of this couldn't be used in cryonics.
Repeat until penis is stuck somewhere.
Try having a real argument instead of the straw man one you set up for yourself. Did a gamer kill your puppy?
Most of em are complaining about OP because he literally gets paid to repost crap on here.
&gt; if I would of seen thos I would of clowned on them parents What does this mean?
Good idea, I have not hugged a princess since I was a kid. Gimmie some sugar Snow White!
Hashtags are almost always cringe even on twitter.
People still think trending means popular rather than 'here is what we have decided you will like'. https://i.redd.it/t0thw63e03721.png
My spirit animal finally found
holy rollers
Why not reply directly to the person instead of trying to brigade the post?
Every single post on here even remotely to do with the US is filled with anti American bigotry.
&gt; https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:957211 Here is hoping for some drama
I don't get what the problem is. Can't they claim the mobo works without needing to include the other stuff? This used to be called a 'bare bones' computer.
The only reasonable post on here and you will be downvoted to oblivion.
This again? Let's text everyone then publicly humiliate them when they reply!
Oh really now, how so? Are you here to make a point or be a cheerleader?
It seems like the younger generations that are calling for censorship now not the older ones. The somewhat older ones are wondering what happened because we just won the fight against the really older crowd (remember the satanic panic of the 80's?).
This cat https://i.imgur.com/UfJ65T7.jpg
Member chewbacca? Yeah I member!
Yikes. Why would he want people to know he supported her? This makes me sorry I supported him.
Posting about him supporting Hillary is not going to get him any votes.
Calling Captain Disillusion
They're running on a farm now
NTA I have no tolerance for that crap I would have left the second she ignored you without even saying anything to her. Fuck that she knew what she was doing.
It's more /r/iamatotalpieceofshit material
I am sure her tits hanging out helped her case showing up 3 hours late. I hope the judge threw the book at her.
The last time I was in court the judge literally said "and that's a bench warrant for.." if you failed to answer the role call.
5 of the top 12 posts on here are fanart. Is this all we have left here?
I didn't know about the thing if you show up the same day I figured you were boned if you didn't show for that court session. I wouldn't put myself in the position to need to find out though.
You would think they could throw in a shirt for that price.
Actually they are following their religion correctly telling people they will end up in a bad place when they die for doing certain things. It's all bullshit to me but I realized if someone truly believes that religion they SHOULD be out trying to save people. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPe3NGgzYQ0
I got a 3 day ban and sub banned for creating /r/wightsonly as a Game of Thrones fan maybe I should appeal
People would be killed over that if it happened.
It's all /r/pics will be in the next few days
But its bigger this time!
Bullshit, they don't ban you for what you do in other subs. Only one side does that and it's not that one.
Just like when Trump says something its twisted to fit the liberal agenda.
How about the Queen or one of her reproducing spawn we keep hearing about?
Its just normal people sick of the shit. You can't dismiss peoples opinions as a troll just because you don't like them. I am subbed here and saw this on my page then replied. Am I a 'troll' for that?
I have yet to see that but hopefully one day.
In case someone didn't see the facts https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-wwi-cemetery-rain-photo/
read https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-wwi-cemetery-rain-photo/
Nobody would do that to Trump would they? Not every day multiple times on this very sub. No way never.
The Pelosi one is plausible is that why he got doxed?
Nice howto on being a fascist.
TDS blinders on they probably didn't even notice.
/u/stabbot
A tug of war
https://i.imgur.com/Hdf3kml.jpg
Is wanting a border wall racist?
Sure, lots of illegals come through the Canadian side once the mexico one is done we can start on that one.
Imagine being so retarded you think doing nothing is the solution to illegal immigration.
If he is in Chicago he could do some community service and get the charges dropped.
What would they have done next if they had succeeded?
Already happened . https://twitter.com/MrAllsopHistory/status/1136326031290376193
RIP history channels https://twitter.com/MrAllsopHistory/status/1136326031290376193
and .. grateful my dream of being an Air Force pilot never happened.
I had given up on it since they disbanded the team years ago.
Do they think the tire guy in F1 is fueling? That is the only warped logic I can come up with.
Its funny because they actually DO think that way about white people. From their twisted reality it makes sense.
Is he not running his own show?
How embarrasing!!
I like borderlands but the story without the game and guns would be really lame. I just finished 2 finally and it was meh story wise. blah blah just give me shit to kill and shut up. A movie would be terrible.
Did you assume xer gender? .. um and take a creepshot? This is more uncomfortable than the new COD teaser.
AOC tweeted it. What more evidence do you need?
How embarrassing
He got Neganed
lol a guy replies to the user who said at least we were not controlled by Nazis anymore with the fact he didnt see Nazis around. wish i could reply 'and that is thanks to....' they were so close.
heavy boots and maga hats? no that does not make you a nationalist.
Once they are committed to turning into you why should it be wrong to turn into them to avoid spinning out? The cammer would have had a lot more damage if they didn't and the person causing it would have probably ended up the same.
It did work before for her. People are just getting of it finally.
Snitches get winzip
those cookies are fair game now right?
From OR how surprising.
The difference was that Veritas video came out about google. If you look at the list of things that caused the quarantine that video is on there multiple times. It's all to silence that.
To be fair they did try to buy them beds but the idiot employees walked out and ruined it.
Whataboutism taken to the moon.
It was a call to harass the kid on social media for supporting Trump and it worked.
It was a call for targeted harassment on a kid raising money to support Trump. Keep telling yourself it was just a joke.
Kids always rebel and do the opposite of their parents. The swing right is going to be hilarious. They will bring balance to the force.
They literally made this new rule to allow them to block his posts.
Ah, good point!
aka "playing the game"
What the fucking fuck?
Fuck the kids I would legit buy it for my old as dirt self
US Trends I should say hopefully CA shows 10/10
Some people teach their kids to respect guns, some teach them to fear them.
Did you know Canada sells milk in bags?
200 arsonists arrested so far are not helping
Everyone downvoting the few people with other evidence should ask themselves that. If you deny the other causes people will not believe the cause you champion.
Reddit told you to hate her so do that and quit asking questions. Twitter banned her today too.
He did have a rope though it looks like maybe he survived?
So if someone was shot and killed under the law it would not be considered murder. This is showing murders so it's not even the right data.
The site IS shit for everyone because of what they have done to the people with 'wrong' opinions. It really can only go up.
Where are the balconies?
Handcrafted isn't really what I want in skyscrapers. What else did they eyeball? The foundation?
