Looks like a tanking season for us.
Aleksander Balcerowski
Him on the Spurs would be a match made in heaven. He could be our Giannis.
Since we have Toronto's draft pick, it's a possibility he could be available, although I worry about his health.
This kid is ridiculously good.
Looks like Memphis has found their next cornerstone in J3.
Horford? Now Wendell Carter Jr, I can understand, but I don't see that in J3.
LeBron just had a flashback from 2011. Haha
The saga continues.
This draft class is outstanding.
Never skip leg day.
Definitely Barnes.
I think it's genetics given given how scrawny his father was.
Ownership, decent FA signings, health
Dewayne Dedmon
LOLOL
Lamborghini mercy
I see shades of Serge Ibaka in him, which isn't a bad thing.
Lol Dirk being Dirk.
That's insane, in a amazing way.
The Chief is very underrated when it comes to all-time great centers.
That's actually epic.
So two former DPOYs on one team.
Actually your pick goes to us.
Any team really. His skill set was so perfect for the modern NBA.
I miss Bosh :( Hate the way his career ended.
If only there was a hyperbolic time chamber or a senzu bean.
If you told me 6 years ago that Noah, Taj, Rose, Deng and Butler would be on different teams, I'd never believe it.
I was gonna say, go go is pretty big in the DC area
He has come a long way on so many levels. HBD, Greek Freak
Word??
I've heard some Donovan Mitchell comparisons but I don't want to hold my breath just yet.
"I'm coming home"-Sam Dekker
K3LDON!!
What.A.Shot
Looks like March Madness came early.
Simmons with Jokic's jumpshot: LeBron 2.0
I mean he is the people's champ...
Hoping everything is all good with Beas.
Definitely Matt Bonner.
Chances are that you might be right.
Brook has always been a good shooter. As Giannis, his shooting will come in eventually. Sky's the limit for him.
I think he'll get them down as time goes on. So far, he's shown to be a hard worker.
This guy torched us on Saturday.
He kinda remind me of Kemba.
Bet the value of that card has probably skyrocketed by now.
The irony about it is that he was gonna join the Spurs during his playing career, but ended up having cold feet and decided to stay with the Nets.
Two future HoFers battling it out.
Might be a long shot but I could see Memphis making a statue of Z Bo.
I wouldn't mind having Ron on the Spurs. I think he would compliment us well.
Congrats!
Weirdly enough, I've always thought of Pau being a Spurs type player during his prime. However, I never would've thought we get LMA, DeMar and Rudy.
I kinda feel for him going against someone like Embiid or Adams.
Nice
So... kinda like a younger Melo?
That'd be amazing. Kinda like how we did with David Robinson.
Weird flex but ok
That was a weird episode.
Sound kinda similar to who we have in the White House.
So was Kyle Kuzma.
Don't you put that evil on me
Kinda hard to say honestly.
When LMA left Portland, I thought Meyers was due for a breakout season. Unfortunately, I was wrong.
He's a future All-Star in the making.
The beat is catchy, but the lyrics suck.
Daaang. Lonzo showed out tonight.
The thing I like about him is how well he responds to criticism.
I think the problem is how much we put too much expectations on young players.
Not quite yet, but they're getting there.
It worked for the Pistons in '04.
Point Forward skills on 100.
I could see him returning back home at some point.
Long live the Big German
*He's only 21* In all seriousness, that narrative is gonna get old very quick.
I don't normally pay much attention to Broussard, but I agree with him on this.
Him, J3 and Brooks.
Freaky genetics in this family.
That's beautiful right there.
Birthday boy balling out tonight.
\-sings- Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated
Yep and Embiid was Hakeem Olajuwon.
Lol I remember there were a few occasions where they compared McDermott to Larry Bird. Even then, that was a big stretch.
I would've thought he's in his late 40s, early 50s.
Aw man, I forgot they were best friends in real life. RIP to both of them.
Now reunited with her brother and best friend. Rest easy, Laverne.
Hip-Hop in one photo.
I like Drake, but he wouldn't survive with those dudes in a rap battle.
HBD, Leeloo
And she was best friends with Carrie Fisher.
Lol I seen this episode before.
Agreed. He looks a lot better compared to the last few years. Seems to be in a good place mental wise.
My mom had pf a while back and it took her 6 months for her foot to heal.
Rest well, Laverne.
Aside from LeBron being a Laker, it'd be him winning a championship for Cleveland. I never would've thought it could happen.
Congratulations, man. Hope you had a good time.
Hmm I think Barrett is more like DeRozan.
That'd be awesome. He's been a die-hard Lakers fan for a long time.
I think Samuel L Jackson is a Spurs fan
I think for some that are teenagers, they might remember his voice on Monsters Inc.
Was this his first 30 point game?
Kinda like Dirk's fadeaway. Just seems natural.
Sekou Doumbouya on the Spurs would be lit.
Right? He was putting work last night.
Very Renaissance-esque
That is the loudest game I've ever seen in my life and I don't mean the crowd.
Calllllling
Or Eddie Murphy in Vampire in Brooklyn.
Hey now, Zubac actually balled out last night.
Watching him at Indiana, I knew he was gonna be legit.
RIP Prodigy
Such a nice dude. Mavs are so lucky to have him.
Luka probably giving Zeke some flashbacks.
I loved THTR.
Who would've thought a sign of frustration would one day turn into a historic piece.
Dirk is truly a rare breed.
Tell you, man. This dude is like the Sam Bradford of the NBA. Finessing checks left and right.
Could be James Wiseman in a couple years.
Nic Claxton from Georgia.
Watching him at MSU, I knew he would get a spot in the NBA at some point. I never thought it'd be us though. Seeing him progress gives you plenty of hope not only in Forbes, but the rest of the young core we have so far.
Yep, he set a record for most 3 point field goals made. Just shooting lights out like crazy.
That was too adorable!
Zubac is on fire tonight.
Him and Zubac.
Take a bow, Josh Hart.
It would not surprise me to hear him say that tomorrow morning.
I know LeBron's gotta be proud of the young fellas.
The Oracle's almost empty.
How come Zo and Ingram didn't play much? Injuries?
LeBron's durability is insane. You would think he's either a Terminator or Wolverine from the way he heals.
Get well, big guy.
They need a center if anything.
I've been hearing comparisons from Jusuf Nurkic to Nikola Jokic in terms of his play style. His name's been linked to the Spurs in mock drafts recently.
Darius Garland. They need a PG.
You know what?... I never thought of him now that you mentioned it.
I watched him at Vanderbilt. I think he'll have a long career ahead of him.
I see no lies in his statement. For example; Peja Stojakovic
He's having that MVP on lock so far.
That'd be iconic.
Or the Spurs.
I could see PJ becoming a David West type player on the right team.
He's quite an intriguing prospect. I'm kinda worried about his built, but maybe he'll adjust though. Especially with modern medicine.
Kinda like Donovan Mitchell.
That's what I don't understand. Like he was in the perfect situation with you guys.
Wu Tang forever.
I thought Skal would be AD 2.0 prior to the season.
Wouldn't surprise me if he grew a couple more inches.
I hope his knees can hold up. Not kidding by the way.
I have a feeling he's gonna be taken early in the draft.
More so on skeletal structure, but probably both in this case. Haha
He's been on my radar for the longest time. [I made a post about him a while back saying he'd be a sleeper in the draft](https://www.reddit.com/r/NBA_Draft/comments/a9b768/thoughts_on_nic_claxton/). I guess people finally caught on to him recently, but I'd be very ecstatic to have him on the Spurs.
It is bittersweet but at the same time, I'm glad he's getting the recognition he deserves. Crazy to think they're now a win away and he's already heralded as the greatest player for the Raptors' franchise in one season.
Facts. Marc's been wanting this for the longest time.
Anything is possibleeeeeeee
And to think he was a 6MOY candidate in his second year.
OG Anunoby lost his pops recently. :(
Agreed. He deserves a ring the most if anything.
He probably will. The love for Memphis runs deep.
We are definitely entering a new era.
Last man standing :(
Au revoir, TP. Thanks for the memories.
So they got Baby Kawhi for backup.
Don't be surprised if you hear Balcerowski's name in the draft next year.
I didn't think he was gonna fall that far. He was projected to be a lottery pick prior to the draft.
Exactly. They knew he wasn't be gonna be 100% prior to Game 5.
No worries. Every fanbase has its group of jerks that makes the rest look bad. Not all of you are like that.
This is not a good look all around.
Never judge a book by its cover.
Seems like most mock drafts have us taking Thybulle.
Are you serious??
Off court issues.
I think I kinda have an idea on who they're gonna choose, but this draft is so unpredictable outside the Top 3. I'm gonna trust the front office's judgement on whoever we get.
Spurs fan dropping by! Congratulations, guys!!!
Same here. It's bittersweet but I'm proud of him and Danny.
I couldn't be more proud of Marc! He deserved it.
Well this is depressing :( He was playing great prior to going down with the injury. Get well, Klay.
Holy cow...
Wilt, Kareem, Shaq, Pau and now AD.
So LA beat the Celtics, again. Haha
Nah
Finally happened. I know Nipsey Hussle smiling from above right now.
If someone told me five years ago that LeBron and AD would be teammates on the Lakers, I wouldn't believe it.
I've heard comparisons from Siakim to Giannis, but I don't want to put that much pressure on the kid.
I'd be so hyped if we luck out getting Sekou in the draft.
Sometimes silence is the best weapon.
Imagine him dropping to the Spurs.
Nice! I thought about making a table like this a while ago, except with basketball cards.
AD and Lopez be a really good frontcourt.
Too bad the Rams couldn't get it done against New England
That Nets trade gave him too much credibility.
A lot can change in 6 years...
I'd be a happy camper if we get either one of them. Can't wait for draft night!
Probably contending for a title and hopefully with a hidden generational talent leading us the way.
In spite of the way it happened, I'm glad that the feelings are mutual between him and Pop.
So Goga and Bazley, huh?
Two more days! I'm excited yet nervous. Lol
I'm glad he's found a place to thrive. He deserves it.
All I can say is that Zion better live up to the hype.
Aw man, I wanted him on the Spurs :(
Hawks gonna be super fun to watch next season.
That's a BIG reach.
Don't ruin my excitement! Lol
Stevens is gonna turn him in a monster, but in a good way.
You know you're getting old when you see players who were born in 2000.
Looks like we might get Little.
He's been on RC's radar for a while.
Not bad. I still remember that game winning shot he hit against Houston in the tournament.
Ultimate steal! Dude, he was projected to be a lottery pick.
29 has been a very lucky number for us.
This is a major steal for us. Like Lonnie, he was projected to be a lottery pick.
Never underestimate the Front Office.
They must be very high on KZ.
Bol Bol's medical records must be very bad if he hasn't been picked.
That'd be a lengthy front court.
Either his medical records are really bad or he really flunked at his workouts.
Considering who his pops was, he's been set for life.
Poor Jontay :( He lost a lot of money.
Should've left after his freshman year.
And just like that, Jontay Porter went undrafted :(
A. Like Lonnie last year, he was a projected lottery pick and fills our need at SF.
Jontay Porter.
Sweet!!! Can't wait for the summer league.
F
Yeah me too. Injuries really screwed him over.
Game 6, 2013 Finals.
So Houston got another Moses. Nice
I used to be very high on him, but his injury history kinda scare me.
Very possible. Him and Luka are the same age.
Low key, he's the exact player LeBron needs.
Even a little bit of Siakim comparisons.
I might be wrong, but it wouldn't surprise me in some weird way that the Grizzlies get the No. 1 pick for next year's draft and draft Wiseman to pair with Ja and J3.
iirc, we wanted Anunoby and Siakim in the trade, but Toronto didn't want to let those two go.
Same and I thought him and Giannis were gonna be the next great duo going forward.
He almost made the ASG in his second season prior to tearing his ACL again.
Thanks for reminding me that I'm getting old.
I was just listening to Rosa Parks the other day. Song still slaps.
Tell me about it. I'm gonna be 27 in a few months and I already feel ancient looking at these players that were born in the 2000s.
Magic Johnson in LA
Coincidentally enough, I was thinking Jordan Poole might get some minutes since Klay will be out for a while.
The future looks very bright.
So did Derrick Rose.
That's the first pic I see of Nene with short hair.
Nico Mannion
Imagine a 22 year old Timmy with the young talent we have now.
This is a signing I wouldn't mind at all. Chip could help him with his shot.
Spurs fan dropping by. I gotta admit, it has been nothing short of amazing watching Giannis develop into the player he is now. Very well deserved. Y'all got a great one, Milwaukee.
He truly is.
Whoa, Lonnie got big.
Same here.
Aw man, I was looking forward to see how he was gonna do with us next season :(
Winslow running the point guard opened so many doors for his development.
It's actually happening.
&gt;Robert Parish Looney becoming the Mini-Chief confirmed.
Coincidentally, Bill actually said Timmy reminds him of himself.
Can't wait!
Yay!!!!
And just like that, the dynasty is officially over.
Wait, what??
The one that tried to get a triple double.
Tobi got paid.
Yeah I thought that too. Sounds like they didn't want to make the same mistake they made before.
Low-key, this is pretty good for the Knicks. He's young (24), healthy, can rebound and score at will.
That's the first time I see Kev losing his cool.
Now that is very bold.
I can see why he's called the Minister of Defense.
That's great news! That'd be a bummer if they lose him for the season. Dude's ridiculously good.
Pretty much. Like Michael, Jontay was a projected lottery pick prior to injuries. Unfortunately, he went undrafted.
This dude is mad nice! Almost KD-esque.
Unfortunately, it wouldn't surprise me if it comes down to it.
Now that's a dude with ice in his veins.
SF but he's playing more PF now.
Compared to where he came from, I can't blame him for loving LA.
It's a possibility he may have grown a couple more inches after the draft. He just turned 20 not too long ago.
I was gonna say a rich man's Lamar Odom but yours is better.
I remember someone saying that Giannis is like a glorified Jonathan Bender.
Really liking this kid! The more he's putting work, the better chances Pop giving him PT next season.
For Cliff, I can't fault him as much because his mom took a loan from an agent.
Not in this draft class, but there's a 7 footer named Kai Sotto who could be pretty good.
Imagine how I feel. I'm 8 years older than him haha.
The past teaching the future.
Ja torched us like crazy.
I'd give it at least a season or two. All depends on how our Luka develops.
My thoughts exactly.
Facts. Even Giannis was a project way prior to becoming the player he is now. People just need to give the kid some time.
Okongwu? Interesting.
That's insane. To think that LA traded a future franchise player.
I recall reading a scouting report about him pre draft that PG and Tony Allen were his inspiration in regards to his commitment on defense.
Agreed. I will admit I was one of the people that wanted Noah on the team, but man Dwight made me eat crow. Couldn't be happier about that.
Would've been an ugly sight haha.
Never thought I'd say this, but I'd be very happy to see Dwight win a ring with the Lakers.
Fultz speed ahead!
I just hope this catches on more as time go on.
I was just thinking of those two the other day. I'd be cool with either one of them although Precious seems to have a high ceiling. Bey seems to be more of a realistic choice for us.
Cool Hand Luka
That was magical
I forgot how incredible that was.
Lmao @ Danny's reaction
Ja is the truth!
I can only imagine how this sub would've been when we tanked for Duncan.
Both ended up getting max contracts and LeBron jetted out of Cleveland.
So sorry, dude. He's been a solid player for you guys.
Yikes. So sorry, dude. Hope you get well soon.
Lot of people forget that Julius Peppers used to play basketball.
Don't remind me. I feel so old it ain't even funny. -\_-
Shaq would've easily been Wilt 2.0
We'll bounce back. We always do.
Lol what??
Sucks, but expected. I wish him nothing but the best of success wherever he goes.
Nick balling the heck out tonight.
Bruh, really?
LOL oh man, they took it way back. Swag surfin'
So proud of Nick.
Rudy gunning for DPOY #3
I posted a video of him on the Spurs sub, but they were like he's too skinny or didn't bother to watch it. I think he's a huge sleeper in this draft class.
He's been cleared for a while and recently announced his transfer from UCLA.
He's gonna pass Kareem before he hangs it up. Congratulations, Bron Bron.
Touche
Ditto. Wouldn't be mad either way.
Kinda feel bad for KAT. You'd think the Wolves learned their lesson after KG.
This cannot be real...no no no
Truly one of a kind he was. Rest easy, Mamba.
We're all crying today, man.
I totally get it. He's a Cali native and grew up watching him like we all did.
The one thing no parent and spouse ever want to hear :(
I'm gonna be crying like a baby come Tuesday.
Got dang it :'(
Annnnd now I'm crying again.
This has been the most emotional Sunday I've had in a long, long time.
Same to you, dude.
That's what I'm thinking also. Wouldn't surprise me.
I don't think it matters after today.
He made Mamba and Gigi proud.
Him and Kobe were boys. I hope someone checks in on LO.
I feel so mentally drained. Haven't cried this much in a very long time.
Same. My eyes are red from crying too much.
Currently sobbing uncontrollably.
I couldn't agree more. As very unfortunate today is, the only silver lining is that it has brought so many people together from all races, religions, politics and so much more. Kobe was more than an athlete; he was a symbol of hope.
Lol I needed a good laugh after yesterday.
She was truly a daddy's girl.
I'm gonna need a box of tissues for a while.
Beautiful.
This gave me a good laugh. I needed that
Thank you so much for showing me this.
Like I haven't cried enough. Lol That's dope though.
Congratulations! Now that's the best way to start a honeymoon. Wish you both nothing but love and happiness.
Always a gym rat he was.
Oh, my heart...
Happy birthday to the GOAT coach.
You can tell he's been putting on some weight. Glad to see him improving.
We feel your pain, big guy. We really do.
Facts. Seeing him in tears did it for me.
It really isn't. Like Shaq said, "life is too short."
Agreed. He's got a bright future in broadcasting.
Seeing Shaq broken like that just did me in. I feel like a sobbing mess.
I've always respected Wade. Always a competitor and relentless just like his idol was. We gotta stop taking these players for granted and appreciate them while they're here.
They will more likely. My advice to you; make sure you have a box of tissues with you.
He was like a father figure to Kobe.
Never thought a simple analogy would make me cry, but here I am.
LOL "The Caramel cat"
I could use a good hug right now.
I love the heck outta those guys. I really do.
This was a much needed win, especially for DeMar.
I feel so old.
I'm so happy for BI! I knew he always had All-Star potential.
Can't say I'm surprised honestly.
I completely respect that.
I'm pretty sure he's a lock for us to get his jersey retired one day.
All-Star at 21! Well deserved, Tatum.
Way to go, BI! Been balling out all season.
That is a beautiful shot.
Seems like history repeating itself.
Dark times in the 502. Rest well, Wes. My condolences to his family at this time.
I still can't get over it after all these months.
Shaq also. Not many many people remember he was 2nd in MVP voting to D Rob in his third season.
Yeah, my mistake. Stupid Auto Correct.
Never thought in my life that I would see a fight scene with the Thong Song as the background music. LOL
Dang, that's amazing! Major props to you, dude.
Hoping everyone is staying safe and sound in these dark times.
Shot after shot, he was money.
Facts. Forever grateful to have watched these two growing up.
In his defense, he got injured which resulted in losing his athleticism.
Another prospect I'd take a close look in the second round and someone mentioned him in a comment from there; Chris Smith from UCLA
Would he be the highest recruit if he decides to go to Texas Tech?
That's insane.
No need to be ashamed. Oden was actually really good at Ohio State. I hate that his body failed him. 😔
Me too. I was actually rooting for him at Baylor. I hate how it ended for him.
Although I agree on the team seeing Samanic as a long term PF, I see this Williams kid as being more of a SF.
Lakers
Lakers
Rockets
Suns
Oh I agree.
He is a true inspiration to many.
Probably SGA. He's gonna be really good.
I guess being the highest recruit in program history is what I'm trying to imply.
I got Poku and Bolmaro on my radar for a while.
I feel like he's gonna have a breakout season ahead of him.
Been a slow Monday on my end so far.
Talk about a very small world.
I've heard he's very...Manu-esque.
I couldn't agree more. He's been a consummate professional through and through.
Look at that footwork, man...🔥🔥
To quote Bob Dylan, "the times they are a-changin"
History has a weird way of repeating itself 👀
Joker
Kinda like Chauncey Billups in a way. Started off a journeyman until he hit his stride in Detroit.
I didn't know this. That is really creepy.
Breakout season coming soon.
God, I feel old.
Oh that's right, I forgot his grandfather played in the NBA.
Slowly liking the idea of Williams on the Spurs
A 7 foot Serbian point guard in full effect. 🔥🔥
Dude... I almost didn't recognize him.
Serbian Magic
Ernie with the slam.
Glad I'm not the only one.
Couldn't agree more. I'm so glad to have this kid on the Spurs. Nearly cried reading this.
Sky's the limit for Lonnie. We're literally seeing him grow up before our eyes.
I'm really sorry you had to go through that. I'm here if you ever need someone to talk it out via PM. You're never alone.
As a young black male myself, I feel the same way. I commend him for sharing his experience. It takes a lot of guts and mental health needs to be talked about more often. Especially at times like now.
As someone who's nearing 30 also, I know exactly what you mean. I've been applying to jobs like a madman over the last several months and I still haven't had any luck with landing one yet. I was also planning on doing volunteer work prior to COVID19. Keep going! You are definitely not alone in this aspect.
LaMelo at 6'9 would be nuts.
Funny thing about it is that Vassell could be still growing.
Green at 6'8 would be lottery bound.
That's my coach right there. 👏👏Pop is taking no prisoners.
I don't know how they came up to that conclusion tbh. Like I get it but still.
Very possible actually.
And likely getting paid big money at the same time.
LeBron would love to have a player like Brogdon.
Bruh that'd be a ridiculously good starting lineup. Kemba/Jaylen/Hayward/Tatum/Turner
That would've been so cool to see. Maybe have him rocking his dad's old number on the Blazers.
Y'all do need a big man though.
With Aldridge being out for a while, I'd probably go with Sabonis. Put him at the 4 next to Poetl at the 5.
It used to be Bruce Bowen, then Richard Jefferson and now....you already know who.
Only silver lining about Dwight is that he changed his ways as he got older and accepted a backup role (which he was doing great before the suspension).
Me too honestly. I keep forgetting he's taller than Kyrie.
I did too. I remember those articles a while back claiming he's grown to 6'11 now.
The same can be said for the Kings for taking Bagley over Luka.
That's a good analogy thinking about it.
Nothing wrong with that. I've always thought WCJ was better than Bagley at Duke.
Pretty much. Like Bowie over Jordan.
You're probably right. It's kinda hard to see us in the playoff picture, especially with DeMar and Aldridge getting up there in age.
That was a magical year for us.
The day we won the championship, I remember the city being lit up like a Christmas tree.
We'll be back on top in a few years. Just a matter of getting the right pieces.
Two transcendental shooters to be exact.
Might be a long shot, but I could see the Wizards taking a close look at him being a possible replacement for Wall.
Villanova seems to be the landing spot for small forwards.
And he's married to a black woman. GOAT status right there.
Kyle Korver. You never hear anything bad about him. Just always been a consummate professional.
Not gonna front, Kawhi was looking like an MVP candidate that season. Probably would've won over Westbrook if he didn't get hurt. *edited*
I don't know about MVP potential but maybe an All-Star one day depending on his development.
I think Rondo as a Laker would be the biggest shocker for me.
Oh I've been avoiding that HIT like the plague (no pun intended). I've always disliked math.
Way to go, dude!
If "eyes from the back of their head" was a person.
These picks are based on where we're projected with the 11th and 41st pick in this draft.
Good luck, bro. The world needs more medical professionals like yourself.
Facts. Even with finding a decent paying field, jobs are making it very hard to hire those who are starting out.
Yeah I thought it was a slight insult when they mentioned that.
Hard to believe it's been ten years already. I'm getting old.
Isn't Wall supposedly coming back soon?
DPOY candidate in the making.
Updated!
58124
Such a great read! I have a feeling he's gonna be something very special in the future.
Although I don't feel we have much of a chance, I'd love to see this kid on the Spurs. The idea of Murray/Lonnie/Deni/Lyles/Poetl would be deadly for the future.
Definitely gotta bring em' back.
Eh I'm not worried about the weight as much given he's only 16 and all. He'll likely shed the weight as he get older.
I've been recently starting to like the idea of Williams on the Spurs. Same to Poku also as another option.
I know right? A Navy man gotta stay sharp!
I read this as Cody Zeller and got confused for a second.
I think Haslem is already a lock for Miami to retire his number.
Marc will definitely get in the Hall of Fame. Also, Memphis love him too much to not have his number retired there. Lowry will likely have his number retired in Toronto than Memphis.
I think Frank Ntilikina grew an inch or two since being drafted. I think he went from 6'4 to 6'6
The addition of Chandler would've been great ten years ago.
I did too also. I thought he was gonna be a generational talent.
I think he'll fit in well with GS since he doesn't have to be the 1st or 2nd option to lead the team. He just has to play the Harrison Barnes role.
Yikes. That's worse than the Bears taking Trubisky over Mahomes and Watson.
I've always wondered how great he could've been for you guys.
Things would've been a lot different if this current Dwight was on that team.
I remember being excited when the news broke out. Had this dream of him and Timmy winning the 6th championship a la David Robinson, but it didn't work out unfortunately.
I did too honestly.
It looks good though!
A bigger Jokic
Right he was like a MIP candidate until he got hurt.
Got you covered, fam. Updated!
Funny enough, he was our leading scorer that season.
That'd be a nice sendoff for Pau.
Bill Lambeer
Tryone Hill
George Gervin
Spud Webb
Ish Smith
Shaq, then Dwight
Dominant
Transcendent
Unfortunately, injuries got the best of him over his first two years.
Not to mention trading Billups.
Really excited for y'all. That kid is gonna be ridiculously good.
From what I've heard, this kid is really good. Like generational talent good.
