This happens to me on eBay all the time. I order a screwdriver that looks like it's for working on a tractor and it turns out to be for a watch.
I probably have in excess of 50 pair myself. Everything gets rotated. You don't wait until all your socks are dirty before washing them. Most people wash regularly. I go by when the basket is full. That equals a washer load.
This is very true, maybe not universal, but enough to be a red flag.
I'm giving my mail carrier $7, $1 for each of his kids and nothing for him or his wife.
Partly depends on the size and shape of your head and the amount of hair. Do a rough measurement and go down each aisle of the supermarket in search. Yes, punch and juice bottles come to mind.
This is what El Chapo uses.
It's probably become a compulsion, but somewhat positive. I hang out on the eBay auction for miscellaneous items that seem under-priced, usually from China. I never know when they will arrive. I just have a chain of stuff out there for a surprise when the mail arrives. It give me a boost.
Let others learn by your lesson. NEVER TALK TO POLICE. Say the minimum. Nice weather. Time of day. Sky is blue.
Justice in a case like this is temporary. They both live in the same building. The victim has to sleep or go away some time. Don't think this is the end of it.
You just made a perfectly good Scan Disk Cruiser into something more likely to get damaged.
Rather, try to run into the wind for the first half so you have the wind at your back on the way home. If that's not possible you can run down wind 1/4 of a run and back upwind and repeat the cycle twice. There's always a way. Weather is just part of the deal.
Just take 10X73 four times and add 146.
Unfortunately, my spare has a rim leak. I carry a pump so I can inflate it if necessary. Last leak I had I plugged the tire on the truck without removing it. I also have a great non-OEM jack and a breaker bar.
A fire extinguisher is pretty good too.
Air is cheap and it works. Plus, it's easy to replace. Possibly a semi hard inner tire would work and may exist somewhere at much higher price. Something is wrong if you have flat tires so often. When a flat occurs, the first thing to do is find out where it came from. Index the tire to the spot of the hole and check the inside of the tire. A tiny thorn or sliver of metal can cause repeat flats. Thin tires like 7/8" will have more flats than a 2" tire that spreads the weight more.
Your ceiling looks like a Dalmatian starting in January.
Just because something stiff fits in a hole does not mean you should use it.
I agree this could be the best way to keep chickens away from your blinds.
It's only 12 months. I can handle it.
Exactly. A medium screwdriver will also work for some extra turns without having to chuck up a hook.
I keep one just like it for when I need extra torque. I really need an impact driver. Santa is too clueless though.
The orange cones are OK though.
Wonder if he has a booster fuel pump from the tank for continuous running.
Q-tips often work for large masses. However, nothing beats the prying edge of a fingernail when you need to peel a tight grip.
Plus, you will be able to view the rice weevils through the clear container soon.
Or do what the girls used to do to make skirts shorter. Roll it at the waist.
Showers are greatly over rated. Besides, when you have babies, there is no time for showers.
I think the IRS allows 54 cents per mile now so this meal costs you much more. Even if you think you can write the cost off, others can't. And who wants to assemble their meal in pieces?
I'm well dated by my tools as well. I still have some Wards Power Craft stuff.
I doubt this actually protects anything as most cats love to climb and chicken wire provides a great ladder. They could do more damage and injure themselves. Buy flexible blinds instead and keep extra parts. I could be wrong though if the chicken wire is electrified.
If there is lots of fat in the pan, I do not want to consume it nor put it down my pipes.
I tear some off too, but actually it may be better to cut the tag off close to the end. Ripping can tear the threads.
I may be on a different page. I do 75 push ups at the start of a warm up before the treadmill and this is 365 days a year.
That circle with the dot in the middle on their copy means you were an asshole. Officers stop lots of people and such codes are their way of remembering how to react if they go to court.
I don't carry hand sanitizer on my person so I'd be stuck. Fortunately, I have more than one door that I can use. I suppose some could crawl in a hatch back. Or I could warm the key up in my hands before inserting it. Spray some Lock-Eze in there ahead of time if this is an ongoing problem. Avoid washing the vehicle on icy days. Try to live at least below the Mason-Dixon line if possible.
I park out yonder where there's plenty of empty spaces. Just habit, not worried about dents or dings. I pick up a cart from the lot and take it in. I don't always return the cart to the coral as I feel like I paid my dues by bringing in a cart. If it's windy or there's crowding, I will return it though.
I don't see a driver.
I wish you the best. Even if it is scrub-able, you'd end up on a ladder doing it. Ceilings are tough enough to make look right. I'd just avoid the potential problem.
If you had socks you could just tuck the extra in your sock. Either way, it ain't looking fly.
I can truly identify with this. You want to get back to the warmth that was ASAP.
Yes, that happens too often. I suggest cutting the tag off close using bathroom scissors. Avoid the rip off.
You can pick up extra shards with paper or bread for sure. But how many are left that you missed? I want to be able to walk around in my socks. My friend spent thousands in medical bills addressing an errant piece lost in the carpet that found her foot. I just avoid everything made of glass as much as possible.
I don't even have hot water so the ambient air feels soo good. Don't need no hair dryer.
Witness the early days of self-driving trucks.
Exactly. I saw no reason not to go ballistic from the beginning. Of course they could go after him in the van. He better be ready to out run them or truly go ballistic.
Or get an air popper and not have to do anything but eat popcorn.
Truly beautiful work. I would hope a young man like you would wear a respirator except for videos. You need to be around a long time.
Better to get out if it's a rental. Traffic can continue for months or more. Too many bad things can happen.
But you always have clean fingernails as one of the perks of the job.
Strangely satisfying. I was waiting for him to just grab it and pull.
I have a side opening can opener from Dollar Tree that works. Normally, I use a regular can opener similar to that shown and it will NOT open a can sideways.
Sounds like making the best of a bad situation while trying to keep your job.
Maybe they will just cut the ring itself as it's very soft and easily cut with side cutters.
Girls learned this tip long ago to get their wishes granted.
Always have extras on hand. eBay refils are the cheapest and carry guarantees.
What's a helicopter doing cutting across the runway? Their supposed to follow the same flight rules as winged planes.
Looked like it had a nice cure too.
I have tremendous luck using simple WD-40 on bugs. They go away and don't come back. I'd love to see how you mouse reacts to a spray of that in the crack that it uses to get in. It could repel him.
I'd love to hook a vacuum up to that mouse and see if I could get all of them.
Wash windows. Absorb moisture on bottom of garbage can. Crumple for packing. Origami. Hobo shoe liners. Fire starter. Make a kite. Make paper mache items. Insulation(not fireproof). Line bird, cat, penguin, dog cage. Recycle.
But the stuff they want is still too high unless they climb the shelves.
Electric tools are safe if you use a GFCI in the circuit.
I like raw material like this. However, who has a newspaper print facility nearby open to the public?
Just take care of bidness(sic) and leave. You won't be judged by the smell in a restroom.
You can see the lawn already looks a mess. You can't cover an area neatly with this method. It's just for show.
Where I live, east is almost always clear. Obviously, know the weather where you are moving.
Over the years, I have found that simple push-ups are great for the back and stomach muscles.
Sorry. A few squares aren't doing me any good.
Money= I never expect it back. Tool=Give them my duplicates and don't expect them back. Good tools=You're on your own.
Fortunately for big red, it did not pull him over because the boom collapsed.
Remember to remove the pants after 30 seconds.
I consider this carabineer to be upside down. I put the opening side at the bottom. There's also way more room for belts there.
That's a really tall microwave cavity.
That's a shit ton of extra work and the fridge looks terrible. Why not just make note on your phone?
In a sense, it may not be cheaper to buy the house outright for $300,000 even if you have it. Your "opportunity cost" could be greater by paying cash. For example, if you can borrow the money for the house at 4% and otherwise make 8% on your money through investments, you lose money by paying cash.
This is true. The problem with this and the OP hack is that most farts are not completely discretionary. You're out in public with no time to jamb paper down your pants or look like a perv spreading cheeks.
Just open the good eye half way in the dark.
When somebody give me a pie, I just eat 1/4 pie per day using this method. This just looks like a one day pie though.
The Watergate burglars just used tape.
Or cloudy days, obstructed views, times more than 2 hours from dawn or dusk, when you don't want to look into the sun, etc., etc.
This may work for some people. I predict it won't work for the many people who do not eat out of hunger. They operate from compulsive behavior even after full.
You will end up with marker on your fingers, broken staple section and still won't notice the red staple when used. The is 10X more work than just having staples nearby, which you will have to find regardless whether you discover three staples early that you are low.
I was at a garage sale some years ago where they had this heavy duty stapler with staples for $8. I considered it a bargain and still do. They laughed at me and said, "You ain't ever going to use those staples." I'm working on it, but there were 200,000 stainless steel staples. Still on my first box of 5,000.
Every home owner or renter should have a stock of a few hose clamps and zip ties. An old bicycle tube can be handy too.
I see two donuts. Call the cops.
Light snow. Could be done with wipers and heated back glass.
Taking the question strictly as it is worded, you don't know what your life span is. If you choose the money, you could be dead the next day or even before getting the money.
I always thought a cervil would be a neat pet if possible. People would think, "Hey, that's a big cat you got there, buddy."
I think I'd just call the police like any other trespass situation. Where I live, the police will tow a trespassing vehicle from private property with a statement from the property owner.
It would not break the stapler. I did not say that. But when you work with staples a lot, the long sections will split up. Then you need to put them in the stapler in pieces. I don't like to do that.
Exactly. When you think your stapler is running low, take a field job.
That's a terrific bargain. And it's 8mils thick. Not water proof though so keep that in mind.
Smoke detectors will nag you long before going dead and leaving you unprotected. I have 25 detectors to care for and only use 10 year lithium batteries now.
Exactly. I have everything covered with my live and other bookmarks. I don't see any benefit whatever in the cited potential home pages.
This seems totally unnecessary. I've been cleaning screens since TRS-80 days and never had a problem.
Screws generally strip in the tightening direction so you can't tighten them properly. They will usually unscrew one time in such cases. They start with a new screw. I would have had OP's screw out in no time. If necessary, a vice grip would have done the job. A simple Dremel slot would work too. I can't afford to waste time.
This is a great idea for black ice too. Hes head sheet metal screws are cheaper and install easier.
Plus the temperature would be colder than -27F.
My before hand thought is that I hope I never am the first person on an accident scene. My next thought is there any possible way I can do something to help in the available few seconds that may exist. Can I kick a window, open a door, drag somebody? I'll risk injury, but not sure death. Street craps is a hell of a game.
That's because nail polish remover is mixed with water and some now don't contain any acetone. You never had a chance.
I don't sense any plan. Lots of what shows up has a vague connection to real life. However, there are interesting twists that I look forward to. If it gets bad enough, I wake up. Sometimes I go back in the same dream trying to direct a better outcome.
I gave the mailman $7, one for each of his kids and nothing for him and his wife. He was happy with it.
I don't see an adequate tarp on the ground. He's dripping paint all over the concrete.
Those sebaceous cysts on the back can be annoying and impossible for the person to reach easily. They continue to grow. If you can kind of get your fingers underneath enough to squeak hard enough, the result can be an eruption that may shoot several feet. Don't live in the target zone.
When they use a remote desktop client, it is possible to switch back on them and delete there files and capture them if you work fast enough. Perfectly safe if you are using a virtual computer. Expect fowl language. You may be successful in just restarting the browser or computer. If it persists, check the start menu and un-check the suspicious program from starting. Remove related files when you are sure. My 95 year old neighbor is not computer savvy, but she knows not to click on junk or make calls.
Seasonal expectations foster this feeling. I resist buying into it. I came into the world alone and I'm leaving alone, just like the rest of humanity. In the meantime, try to enjoy yourself and help others as much as possible. There is joy in helping. That does not mean presents.
Yes. I see many who pretend to be patriotic yet fail to observe the flag code due to ignorance. They own a flag. That's it for them.
Another option I've heard of is to just air dry and not use any towel.
What if they draw the conclusion that their own head could end up as a lamp?
And you also have a source of ignition like matches or a Bic that could be used as temporary light until you find something better than crayons. Also more portable than a dripping crayon.
At this stage you most likely will get better fast. Keep drinking fluids to stay hydrated. The feeling of death is common with this and sometimes it happens. Expect to feel weak for a few days.
Cut along the top edge there where there is extra material to help steady the scissors. Use a heavy duty pair. Every house should have good scissors.
Looks dead. No movement of any kind.
Be careful. They may be after the new battery you place in there.
Some anomalies have to be explained in other terms than cost of goods sold and profit. I purchase items on eBay regularly where the value of the product exceeds the shipping cost. It can only be explained as a company building good will and market building for example.
Then buy an ice scrapper at the dollar store.
Once he learns you are a soft touch, you'll never quit seeing him.
I saw a whole house burn for more than an hour once. That was an emergency though.
This saves a ton of electricity too plugging them into themselves.
This has been posted regularly and it works no better now. In my state, you's just end up with a number for the following day. And by waiting to the end of the day, that number would be very large. You might be the 150th person on the following day.
Maybe he figures that if he stops, the truck will be engulfed. This way he can let the fire burn down a bit first.
A few square unprotected inches and the goal light would be lighted constantly. The goal is rectangular and the 600# man is round.
Looks like a hazardous chemical warning placard hanging from his neck.
I would not do this even in a pinch. All our shopping bags have holes. A garbage bag would work, but it's too difficult to get a seal of the nature you propose. And if I can't see what's going on underneath, I'm not taking the chance that water is rising. Just stop and go borrow or buy a plunger.
Cheap stackable trays are fine. Modern refrigerators are frost free and the cubes are exposed to the air so they will sublimate over time and get smaller. If you must stack, take from the top tray and add the new one on the bottom.
Probation and loss of privileges is not enough. Glad to see he lost his equipment though.
Airline pilots use a similar technique going through their check lists.
I hired a young plumber to replace a pipe section in a ceiling. He cut the drywall and pipe overhead with no eye or lung protection. I warned him to no avail. I always make sure we have Workers Comp insurance in place.
Commissions can be rather high when you are not burdened with an actual product. Listen to a few YT videos. They all sound the same and read from the same script.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours. Always a great relationship starter.
On the plus side, it's a nicely centered round hole. Would have been so much easier with a hammer, punch and small torch.
I don't like these plugs, but I'd use as many rope patches as it took to make it hard for me to push in and pull partly out.
They also all carry wrist magnets to hold their nail.
I stick a half inch PVC pipe in there with a washer and locking/cotter pin. I add enough extra length to use as a handle. Transfer from box to box. Same with aluminum foil.
Unfortunately, cooking does not kill heat-stable ciguatoxins or other toxins produced from poor handling.
Where's the supply of washer drums? Who is disassembling washers and who pays for their time? Cutting and welding legs? Marketing cost? I don't see any money to be made. Just enjoy your creativity.
Just as convenient to leave the roll near the toilet somewhere. The door is not usually close enough unless you have a tiny bathroom like an old gas station on Route 66. Who would not have a paper dispenser?
Easy enough to hook a carbon filter to your tap and save your refrigerator damage.
This is not a serious problem. A small "grabber" would lift the plug out easily if that were the only problem. Unfortunately, the problem, especially legendary with Fords, is that the plug breaks off with nothing left to grab. There is a lawsuit. There are special tools and videos for it. No duct tape is involved.
I was surprised by your question as it seems very common to me. Dreams can be short or long, but I think this happens to me when I have substantial sleep time left, say more than an hour. It doesn't even have to be a good dream, just not a nightmare type dream. I've had dreams with major life figures like Putin and Reagan. I don't say much. I just listen. I had a great running dream last night. I was just floating over everything with gigantic steps. If I had awoken, you can bet I'd try to get back into it.
How cool! A covered bridge. The bus frame is very rigid. Plus, it is not used for the full length.
Exactly correct with those facts. However, the cop is going to take charge of the incident and report how he had the right of way. He might even say his overhead lights were on before the crash.
I might come home with 10 bags. I'm not spending 10" folding them. I've started throwing them away.
Always good to have ideas ready to deploy.
He's so shocked and surprised. Put the pizza on the platter cheese down and it won't slide off.
He had more money then brains. Now he has less money, but still more than brains. If he had no money, he's still have more than brains.
Whether at work or home, people need to know how to shut things off-gas, electric, water, chemicals, compressed air, etc.
Clothes condoms are the way to go.
We'd start out growing our clothes and working 1000 piece puzzles.
Tidy whities. How could something stay white under there for the time it took to close and open the hood?
That looks so odd to see all that bright metal and un-rusted undercarriage. A new car off a dealer lot around here would be more rusted. Copper conduit wire would hold the clamps too and eliminate any melting issues. I guess they did not melt on you because of the heat sinc of the clamps.
Either that or he's a millennial who does not understand new or old technology.
That must be a huge car.
He's using gravity to the full extent of the law.
I can say this for ducks and geese at least from years of observation. Birds fly at a height dependent on how far they intend to go. For short distances they may only fly 10-50' high. If they are going to the golf course three miles away, they fly much higher to observe the terrain and follow the roads and so forth. If they were migrating south, they would fly even much higher. Most birds are not flying far so they fly minimum height. Yes, birds can crash into things that are stationary too, not just vehicles.
I'd trust the bottom strap for shear strength, but the top rail strap has too much leverage without some sort of pre-testing. You would never know the breaking point until it happened. There would be no time to react.
I'd just use a Nelson cedar shim, 12/$3.99. You could even snap it off at the window, but removing would be more difficult.
Until some "do-gooder" comes along doing a public service by cleaning up the beach. And never forget, you have to act like you are under surveillance at all times.
I do background checks. In my opinion, MyLife isalmost always wrong. Everybody has a "potential" criminal record. It could be a parking ticket, another person with a similar name or nothing at all. Never accept any information unless you can corroborate it on other sites. Public information such as county deed registration, voter ID, PACER, Dept. of Corrections and state police are usually correct.
Maybe you have to throw the sponge in really fast so the acceleration exceeds the G-forces the bacteria can withstand.
Kinda hoping she would taser him in the balls at the end.
My dad went out for a pack of cigarettes and has not been back yet. Did the gas station stop selling them? Is he ever coming back? Like him to come to my college graduation. No smoking though.
Nobody is in a hurry as there are no meters. Park as long as you like.
Two inch clear packing tape applied vertically will stay there forever. Residue is easily cleaned off with GooGone.
Milk weighs about 8#'gal. If I anticipate shopping for anything, I have a bike bag over the handlebars. I'm comfortable up to 20# like that. I back pack also does the job.
Exactly, as an extinction insurance policy, such an off earth colony would need to be complete in every way for life to go forward. It would need resources and manufacturing facilities, for example. Over time, if we could duplicate earth, maybe!
There is also the chance both inside calipers are seized and it may not pull to one side.
This has been posted before. It's still good. They sell one piece portable door locks for $6-20 on eBay and Amazon. If you're not sure who has a key, this is helpful. This is especially true in hotels where the doors are reinforced. Even with a weak door jamb, you will get some warning of entry and can defend yourself.
Great, cause I want to be able to run and play too.
Navin Johnson found his "special purpose." You can too.
Even if you could, you would not be carbonating it, you'd be heliumnating it.
If he were truly unselfish, he could have planted himself under the rear wheel like a wheel chock. He probably made the smart move though.
Probably a philosophy major, not engineering.
He wasted no time disabling the immediate threat and moving on. Such are the benefits of carrying your own force multipliers.
This could work out for someone who needs a new engine cheap.
Think of the environment. How about cleaning up that oil slick?
They make work shop bag filters that only cost $5.99 for a three pack. Comes with a band to attach too. You don't lose any area to the tape.
He'd draw less attention with a sign that said "Fresh Pumpkins."
Yea, just drill the hole and you are done. Better retrieve the buckets when empty or they will blow away where I live. Maybe that's why the hole is not at the bottom as it leave enough water to keep the bucket from blowing.
The Jib is the small sail at the front. It's the first part of a ship you would see heading your way.
Looks like you have plenty of USB ports. You could use a USB fan over the heat sinc or CPU to save room.
Is that really a swimming pool where you can dive from the power poll?
Add straps from the top of the back to the front of each arm rest and you're good to go. It's corner bracing that adds strength.
That's going to take a very long time and you have to keep moving the truck along. You need some goats.
Put a GFCI on the line and I'm OK with this. However, a rotating sprinkler only cost peanuts. And I bet the fan will move around from the hose pressure.
That's a very temporary work-around as the smaller batteries barely have enough capacity to operate. Typical drain on an AA is 50mah while a AAA is only 10mah.
The concept must be very common. Certain songs will linger for days if I keep playing them. For me, it's more frequent to have an exercise rhythm playing in my head because that's what I do most, especially a biking cadence.
You can kill bacteria that form in seafood with cooking. However, the toxins emitted from the bacteria are not killed from cooking and can cause serious pain. I had LLQ(lower left quadrant) pain for a few years before learning it was from canned fish from China purchased at the dollar store. Like night and day when I stopped. Those toxins can be deadly too so responsible processors never let the fish get warm.
Monkey is not worried about your germs. You might catch something though.
Well said, indeed. They really fill the screen. I gained 5# watching.
Are you suggesting he be on the hydraulic press channel?
Even end tables with drawers.
The tensile strength of a USB 2 cable is given as 33#. However, they do make high tensile strength cables. Increasing the number of turns increases the strength. A braided silver cable would be more aesthetically pleasing though.
It can work if properly executed. It should be "sighted in" for the expected distance for accuracy and it should be stable enough to stay in position until fired.
A small ante-room where folks can take and leave their muddy shoes, hand up their coats and such.
It was just worded very unclearly. You read it normally.
I think I can always get a half turn more or less on a pipe fitting so it would be pointed down.
Sure seems to be a self defense mechanism to avoid predators, namely birds. Birds can change direction on a dime like a butterfly. Still, birds got to eat and the defense is not perfect.
A new drill works just as well. Sometimes a pin is better for small tubes.
They always seem to slip right out in the end. I'd just reach for my bolt cutter and produce freedom immediately.
Way to re-purpose.
That's a lot of shits and giggles.
It's a person bring home dinner.
Now that will handle some volume.
I guess people don't have tools so they do their best. I'd cut the center section of the patch out so the edges would not stop it from flexing. Pre-flex it to the bend of the muffler. Coat the circumference with muffler patch material and attach it with clamps strung together or stainless exhaust clamps or even sheet metal screw it in place.
This is the NASCAR setup for left turn high bank tracks.
Pretty common in Oklahoma and other areas. Dentless repair can do some repairs. Hoods, tops and trunks are difficult. Dealers take the insurance and sell the cars as "dimple darlings." People who keep a car 10 years want a reliable new vehicle. Tom and Ray, the Car Talk guys, always said you need to key your hood on a new car so you can forget about the cosmetics.
Part had already caved in. They had to know it was going. They should fear for the rest of the site that seems similarly constructed.
We're not used to looking at Ferraris here. We do Yugos and Vegas, sometimes Gremlins.
Those cars are scrap now. Demo will treat them like rocks and scoop them up and out. Someone who needs an engine might score something for $300 or so.
Music to my tires.
As a way to mark where someone found a leak is the only merit to this. Even then, just for a mile or so. Somebody got a new tire.
That soap container will be as cringy as the soap in a few days. I also see mold and cracks in the caulk.
The added dry towels are just soaking up water from the wetter ones so you have an average that is less wet, not dry.
This works if you must. It even works for kids when their moms are always late for soccer and stuff. In the end, most procrastinators never know the difference.
I like how the car waits briefly at the walk before making a run for it.
Metal shavings are free.
A beer can works better and is as close as your hand.
Maybe drill into the soft spot and add more low expansion foam. There are many YouTube videos on the proper technique. You need some water in the tire each application, plenty of holes for foam to pass through and escape and plenty of set time, like a week.
That is a tremendously attractive design. A shopping center should do that to attract business on rainy days. Not so sure how snow would work in that situation.
Is that all there is? Looks like there was one more car in the derby and front wheel drive could have taken that one out for sure. (Giving a pass to the blue covered vehicle.)
Those guys couldn't manage a two car funeral procession.
That left rear tire needs maximum pressure.
Can also ask for their Form 990.
Strike three! He stood there like the house by the side of the road…
That's a lot of beef on the hoof as they say in cattle country.
Throw a sock over the camera.
And yet the tire does not show burning.This suggests a local, well aimed, source like a torch. Who wants to stand there and breath burning plastic?
The heavy duty winter socks work best.
He's not done. Going to spray it with Walmart 96 cents a can black.
Thanks for the link. I found a dealer only 30 miles away.
If I see a fly for that long, He will be dead and I'll scrap a fair margin of food away from his death site.
My dude don't no shit bout tig welding.
Happens sometimes if a bird drops a fish.
Observe the cautions. The MSDS says to lock it up when stored. It's a severe eye and skin irritant. Ingredients are sodium hypochlorite and sodium carbonate.
Might as well pull over right away when they have your license anyway.
HA HA HA Jokes on you. Cost for rental on the machine is $1,000 per day.
No, but there could be a high pitched whine when you shove the hose up your ass.
He'll get his reward in heaven.
He peeled half the door away and kept going it appears.
Let him off too easy in my opinion. Should have crashed that rack on top of him and sat on it until the police arrived.
Hot cheese facial would help the bleeding.
He only got 40 days because he has to be home at night to get the eggs ready.
He's moping the floor.
Tile floor is great for head banging. Time to eat or freeze those bananas. And buy the kid a belt.
He can spell good. He can't spell service.
Actually, well done. I wonder if he just went over the top or pulled the old door skins. Looks like the door frame is still present. From a distance, it looks fairly well cut. I'd start with a cardboard template and perfect it for the near final cut of the corrugated. Pretty sure they don't sell these replacements off the shelf.
Just hope your dog is not smart(clumsy) enough to turn the water on while you are away.
You can't remember to bring change, but you remember to bring the special round key?
And this is just the start. They could perfect it by sticking a pin in the bubbles and pushing the air out. UV is not kind to duct tape though.
That's adoorable.
As the leak progresses, you dog will be forced to over hydrate to keep up.
He's only got one foot over the edge.
Now put your right foot in Your right foot out Right foot in Then you shake it all about And then you do the hokey pokey Turn yourself around That's what it's all about
He'll be laughing when high tide comes in.
I could do something similar. My prosecutor is so corrupt they frame people and create evidence like throw down drugs and guns. Yet they failed to protect my dead brother from gangs. I might have to sit in the jury room for the term, but no jury for me unless you want a hung or not guilty situation.
Messing with the zipper takes too much trouble. The bag is easily slashed to empty the contents.
Mine says "No Dancing."
He has the overhead lights. Where I am, only police can have them. Obviously, I am not there.
I own it. I can do what I want. The rivets are a sure sign of the redneck attitude. If OP was really concerned with aesthetics, maybe he could have epoxied on Velcro strips on the ledge under the left edge. No use preserving this metal.
It matches and is not rusting. Could even be aluminum wire. It's doubled for extra strength. I'm going with 8.5.
Anything will work. Best would be sewing loops around the end. Or you could even staple it.
Biker would be in the next county over if it really happened that way.
I was so hoping to see him whack it with the big bong.
No reason that can't last a long time in a dry stable situation. Easy enough to jack screw to a level position. About the worst that could happen is that the floor sags again.
Sorry. I can't believe that for a second.
This is a great tip to have available.
I just use my forefinger and twirl the end of the handle. It does the same thing with no preparation. Besides, you don't go from full open to closed or back very often.
A yard plus about 3". 39"
You're allowed to hammer until someone pulls you off. Give em' something to remember when they watch on video.
How much DNA is included with every salad?
I believe the bladder can be stretched over time by delayed emptying. This happens with people who have a prostate causing a blockage. At some point, it becomes a serious problem and a bladder can burst. Without a blockage, you can't generally hold it long enough to do any damage.
I propose drilling on a custom curve to offset the Coriolis effect precisely and avoid the rock rash. You'll be fine with someone on the other side to catch you.
I wish my digital camera used and eagle's eye.
He only used SPF 15.
Advantages: He could tie himself off through the window to a table lamp of sumptom. Helpers can hand him siding through the window. Looks like he's ready for one more extension on the ladder to get to the peak, assuming he's not going to lean over the roof.
Show us how you get the leather grain effect back on it. Not happening.
Does the biker go back to watch or does he decide, "Nope, I ain't taking no chances?"
My security camera picks up lots of bugs too.
All hail the king.
Chinesium.
Exactly. Who could trust something like that?
Seems like if you had 300 years you'd be ale to organize things better, prioritize, get rid of duplicates or useless info and continue increasing functionality.
This off-duty officer was really quick on the draw. As soon as he saw a gun coming up he reacted and started getting shot off. No hesitation, just training and instinct. The lady friend is like, "Oh well, we'll go out for ice cream later."
I see a wire or string from the tree to the fence. So what's going on?
I hit my hand with a chain saw years ago. Only duct tape was available and plentiful. It worked great to bring the skin together and stop the bleeding.
They need fans up there to circulate the Legionella.
I'd be 5% happier if I knew all the wood was nailed together and they added some cross pieces. Also, toenail the posts to the wood.
You could use that all day long and not get tired.
That is a satisfying picture.
Why would anyone think this is a good idea? Just paint some white copy paper and tack/tape it to the wall.
A red flashing light will help all kinds of perverts find your house.
I cannot parse, understand or fathom anything that OP said. I will say it's strange that some people can win the Lotto multiple times. That seems to defy the odds.
Thank you for sharing. Bookies always remembered the numbers and wrote nothing down-they say to avoid carrying evidence. If you try, you can remember.
Could well be an empty can.
Certainly have enough porta-Johns for a work place.
I think this is the key. All the videos show the person going over the top.
A few used the excuse that they just went along to get along. That mentality is bad too for an officer to just go along with something bad because leaders suggest it.
This is cool as a DIY means, but all my stuff has those plastic adjustable stops. I feel more confident that they won't leave me hanging.
This is the correct answer. These are cheap and easy as well as undefeatable without damage.
I've never had success with this. Usually, a screw is stripped in the clockwise/tightening direction rather than the uscrewing direction. Best to remove the screw and start with a fresh one. If the screws are stripping, you may need to pre-drill the hole and use soap on the screw going in. An impact driver is nice too for those affluent people.
I suppose you could do that if you took the pan off to get nuts on the inside. At that point, there's no need to reuse the old pan. This would take more time than replacement and probably not work either.
And dolphin free.
Nothing a drone or a long selfie stick can't overcome.
Thanks for posting. The video speaks for itself. That was a big time yank. The Pope rightfully showed his disgust after getting loose. He should not apologize.
My neighbor has a bunny that loves to chew on them and tear them up.
I'm pretty active and have no scratches on my three year old Samsung. Meanwhile, all my friends are protecting their screens and their phones look like shit.
That's a lot of weight coming down a long distance so should be effective. I admire his aim. I'd be wearing the plank down on the edges with bad hits.
Be nice if he has remote control of the lift or if it is AI equipped.
I would say crime is an issue in the hood. Don't want to be without bars or you will have nothing to steal.
Guys without company coats go on bottom. That's the rule.
Looks like it has held up a good long time. Didn't engineers say a bee could not fly either?
His form looks pretty good and also may be a Rigid power tool. He's good.
I was waiting for her to ride a bike on the ledge.
Title reminds me of the Detroit 4-51 with no valves.
What did one toilet say to the other toilet?
Try moving a couch up.
Needed especially during pothole season to avoid chasing them down the road.
Generally, the airport will have PAPI lights at the end of the runway.(Precision approach path indicator) These are four lights that are coded white or red depending upon the angle. All white, you're too high. All Red, too low. Two white, two red=just right. Essentially keeps the craft on a 3% angle of approach.
Instant glue works great for sealing them. Then you can forget about them.
He's not getting much done with an old 7.2V Makita.
Still got room to make it "No penis, no gain."
Also doubles as a back scratcher.
I understand your question. M8 Multiclip is what I use. I also use PicPic for capturing screen drawn elements.
My US state as well. Dead in minutes.
I wanted the dog to end up taking the shoe.
I would not just test with another operating system. Fix what you got and diagnose it properly. Do you have a network? What is the password for your network? Check your computer to see if it "sees" that network. Check all the other networks in your area. You need to Google a bit to see how to do these things with your operating system. If somehow you determined that there was a hardware failure, you could insert a cheap USB WIFI adapter (&lt;$5 eBay) and let that try to find your network. First step=know the name and password for your WIFI network. It may be on the router.
Those are some quality crates.
Yes, and no 5th wheel on the vehicle.
You were in a VW in 12" of snow? What an adventure. How does 12" of snow sneak up on you?
Impressive painting skills there too.
I have not seen a badger in a coon's age.
Tack a piece of sheet metal on top for extra safety.
No info to judge. Did it always run slow? What is it? How much RAM? Hard disk capacity? Is it full? What are you trying to do with it? How is your connection? You can Google and check some of these items or have a knowledgeable friend help. The friend could use remote desktop and not even be present.
What does she do for leg day?
I'd say rather dribble the spit out of you mouth to see which way gravity directs it. Spitting will have enough force to go straight out and mislead you. For example, I can spit at a wall. That doesn't mean the wall is down.
I give it a little sideways kick and try to avoid damaging things.
Your hands are going to be filthy. I do 75 PUs in the morning as part of the day. They do more for development when you do them all at once and recover for the day. While I'm waiting for water to boil, I step up and down from a ladder. So your point is well taken. Don't waste time.
All of my athletic type shoes have something called a loop in the tongue so laces can go through it and keep it centered. You could cut such a loop in a tongue of your shoe.
A wind turbine uses energy. You can't create energy by using it. It takes energy to get the car moving. Current technology tries to recover some of the energy by regenerative braking. This applies to electric and hybrid vehicles.
Also, that ladder is tearing up the shingles, guaranteed.
Plus, if the ladies don't notice your shoes, they will notice your height.
At least he has scissors to go with the duct tape. He's not just some crude dude that rips a jagged edge.
That looks like 90W gear lube. After a short run, the temperature could be about right for a shower.
#19 did it's best.
My immediate thought too. He needed to head almost upstream to have any chance. Also, the safety strap should have been tied off upstream too.
picpic is the best screen or region free tool you can have. One hot key does it all.
If shipping is free, I'm never going to the store.
How the hell are you going to text like that?
Agree. The steel is much stronger than the copper/brass fitting.
Probably has proper drainage through the floorboards too.
A vacuum picks up bugs faster and only takes a dump when and where you want it. A chicken pics the bugs it wants and shits every thirty seconds where it wants.
I block an average one per day. If I were expecting a job offer though, I'd pick up every call in my area.
Demonstrates the raw power of today's cordless tools. I just bought a new one myself. It's a beast.
At least put the zip in the recessed area so it locks in better. Maybe it was not finished.
What is that, a diaper for the differential?
Sometimes a fish takes the bait.
I've been doing this for years to keep fitted sheets in place. My sheets fit better than shown and I can pin them much lower where they receive less force.
Could be a restaurant or other greasy area. You are seeing the result of arcing in the presence of grease or oil. I'd replace it, but it doesn't look unsafe.
Yes, they appear to be on the beam and the pole plate.
Still legal here too, but a cop could cite for defective equipment on a vehicle that requires turn signals. He could not cite for "failure to signal" if you did signal.
I answered yes to 9 out of 11. I still don't give a ship.
Tom &amp; Ray said to use them under your car to check for leaks.
So you jacked it up level as it appears here and dug a hole on the other side for a support post? Amiright? No cement apparently?
What is good sleep? I'd say it's sleep where you go under and the alarm clock wakes you up. I've not had such in 50 years. I feel like I'm constantly in tune with the clock and what's going on. Surely I'm getting some REM sleep along the way as I have dreams that I recognize waking up from. As long as you get a minimum of REM, the near sleep mode can still keep you healthy, if not happy. Some people take substances that enhance unconsciousness and I'll also be interested in hearing them.
Do we know what's under there? Presumably, it's just the dirt on the tarp next to it. If so, it's not a deep hole.
Looks like a bottle of booze trapped under the lens. It needs to be freed.
Also has front wheel drive and pneumatic tires. Unfortunately, for actual use you can imagine how uncomfortable that would be getting seated and having your legs bumping all the tubing. Maybe OK after a few beers.
How's that supposed to work?
With some salesman in a plaid suit coat standing over you. He holds your shoes until you listen to his spiel.
Drywall screws and some type of rivet.
And that has more ampacity than a standard 9V battery. It will last a lot longer.
I routinely make a cardboard carrying case with straps to carry glass. It never leaves the case until delivered.
I see telephone boxes like that left open for weeks here.
Like they say in Florida, "Don't pull out til you see the whites of their eyes."
Makes one feel better about leaving their purse on the ground I suppose. Putting the purse down in the restroom, for example. Also would help in not having the purse fall over.
Awe come on. When you were a kid, your mom always put a BandAid on your booboo. Some adults still feel the love with tape on any wound.
Interesting. Your imagination is the only limiting factor. Price is not too bad. You could end up burning things during the learning curve. This video begs the question of whether it could be used as a form of tattooing/branding? Could a tough person stand it? I would not care to smell it in action. You know someone will try it.
Better fix it before the 2020 elections.
We got away with a 911 phone at the pool for years before the county cracked down and made us wire a land line.
Just a long shot. My hoses shut off when the tank is full. Maybe this hose would shut off if the end of the hose was blocked. Push it flat on the ground or stuff a rag. An attendant could shut it off, but maybe there is no attendant.
Would a plumber even have the equipment to make this modification?
I think they are just trying to keep the crumbs from falling around. If they had injected epoxy into the cracks, that could be somewhat structural.
If there is an emergency, I'm definitely throwing that in.
Four votes for the Orange Chair, two each for Nasty Boy and Sally.
Side mirror would be a requirement in my state if you were towing something that blocked the inside mirror.
It's also rustic.
Would loved to have heard him hit the horn.
Not the goat's first rodeo. He's holding on for dear life after past falls. How do you load a goat like that? I think the goat has to participate. Interesting back story missing.
Watch out you don't get ovarian cancer.
Looks like a front tire. So easy to turn the tire out and plug it without removing. Balance going to be a problem with 6oz of goo inside though.
What is being gripped?
Very functional. There is no pressure and little possibility of a leak. Plus, it's entertaining.
Very functional. There is no pressure and little possibility of a leak. Plus, it's entertaining.
Reddit gave me five errors, then posted all five anyway.
As long as we still have women with chests, we're OK.
I don't care what size the car in front or back is. The size of the spot is the critical spec. Do the best you can on the first pass and get out of traffic's way. You can fine tune it later. End up in the middle of the space and hopefully nobody will park tight to your bumper. If possible, be on an end.
Not getting much use if it's been that way for weeks. Could it be that those top items are just jammed and the box is actually mostly empty? Whack it on the side and see whats happens.
He's done this before. The windshield is removed and a feeding tray attached to the hood. The bison knows the routine. Step into the car to access the food. He ain't leaving until the food is gone though.
97' Toyota Paseo.
Looks like CDX or even marine grade so he's good to go.
You can clean every day, but if you clean once a week, you are just as clean on that day.
It's like a barn find of a 56' Corvette. Sure it looks rough at first glance. It may have huge sentimental value to the owner. He may be willing to spend lavishly to return it to functionality. Unlike the Corvette, it may still only be worth $7.50.
Really, I see almost no damage. It's like a giant hand put the car on the bike very carefully. Looks bad for whomever was on the bike though. No seat belts on bikes so maybe the rider left the site just before the crash.
How confident of you to get this done and make the video too!
The hardest part must have been drilling those large holes. I might have used smaller holes and stainless wire. Or I could have drilled 3/16" holes and used metal Zips. Use what you got.
Do you have to be over 50 to remember when cars have build in wind deflectors in each front side glass?
Looks like the holding is being done by that metal braket/plate on the right. The tape is just an extra. Maybe he thinks it needs to be waterproof.
This looks very productive. If there were a 'book time' for the work, they'd be beating it by enough to stop for a beer.
Look out below!!
This is a cool idea, especially where we have pre-stressed concrete ceilings. Always wear PPE.
If it works and saves a ticket or a crash, it's fine. It does seem uncomfortable to put your foot on the switch. Maybe he holy uses it in traffic of if the police are behind him. A "normally open" generic switch would be pretty cheap. The guy that rigged this is capable of installing one.
I think about this particularly when I see an airplane flying at night. Where are all those hundreds of people going? Business? Vacations? Funerals?
I hang dry from the washer and don't fold anything.
She has a pants folder, a sock folder, an underwear folder and skirt folder, etc.
Drain flies are a pain. You can cover the drains with those lids from things like cottage cheese, yogurt, etc. Usually, it's one drain like a tub drain. Easier to treat once you isolate it.
Or, as coined by Attorney Geoffrey Fieger regarding a local election, it's a choice between the "evil of two lessers."
You don't live in the north do you? We never put all our coats away-ever. That coat could feel great some July day. Bad weather comes too soon to put everything away. Bruce Williams used to call northern summer the "saucer of milk for the ocean of grief" the rest of the year.
A tumbler speeds up erosion of the rocks. If you use it too long, it will take you into the future.
Kitty is contemplating revenge at some point. Enjoy your temporary success.
Two sticks and a string does a good job too.
I used to use a 3' breaker bar, but decided to make my life easier. Now a cordless impact with 300ft.lb does the job. I go back on with a torque wrench.
I see an exhaust pipe and huge rear tires. I'd like to know more about the drive train less the horses.
He did enough to cut the turbulence.
I have no information just like the rest. I do know that municipalities charge for services like draining parking lots and so forth based on the size of the space and expected flow. Could the city be providing drainage for a high water level in this area? That's all I can think of. They had to install it. They have to present a bill explaining it. We're just not being told.
Well, that's a relief. At first I thought the horse was giving him anal.
We had an electrician install GFCI outside boxes and all weather covers. He had a "bonding" wire right across the front like this and said it was code. I had him replace all with standard covers, no bonding wire needed and meeting 2017NEC.
Shameful. There is plenty of room on both sides too. Might be OK for night delivery with nobody inside.
Are you talking about a morning poop on average? Maybe a pound after a good meal. If you are asking about the weight per volume, that depends on the specific gravity of said poop. Is it dry or moist. If very moist, not more than 0.0361/cubic inch. Diarrhea would be pretty close to maximum per cubic inch. With a really precise scale, you could weigh yourself before and after.
For a limited number of hooks, I just use a screwdriver turned sideways. It's fast enough and has plenty of torque. For more volume, I'd use a socket and drill driver.
A flame thrower works too and I ask you what is more fun. That's not an impressive amount of mosquitoes for 10 hours work. You're not going to alter the bug population with a can of Raid outside. You'll still be tracking in that annoying one or two that will sting you. Just when you need it, your Raid is screwed to the tree. Then you're screwed.
I had a friend who was moving to Florida from a 5th floor condo. He taped off the floor in the dimensions of the moving truck and loaded everything in the living room to be sure it would fit. It was an amazing feat.
Thieves can simply punch a hole in the tank.
I don't see anything holding the drill down. And with that size wheel, a cordless drill won't have the torque to grind anything except maybe your fingers.
Must be a better way than using a good pair of pliers.
I see an ad for Zion moving Monarch Lumber's Office building in 1963. No area code in the sign then either, same numbers. Thursday 1/31/1963. The Choteau Acantha, page 9, classified.
He done wrong.
We hire two types of tree trimmers. One uses expensive bucket trucks. The other uses all climbers. They are French Canadians. They'd tie that off and top it on the street side in short order. NO equipment, wires or people would be in danger.
This begs the question of designing a pianist's keyboard. In other words, make a keyboard of 3+ octaves with letters in place of notes. How fast could a pianist type then? What would the sheet music look like? Are typists good piano players?
Wait just a second. He can grow into it. If they continue 6 more years and he is 42, she will be 28 and a perfect fit.
Well, now people listen online too so that complicates the issue. For radio propagation wave listeners, there's a vast difference from AM to FM because one bounces off clouds and one is line of sight. So surveys of propagated wave listeners would concentrate on the main areas of propagation, but recognize that a few listeners could be half way around the globe.
Some of my reaction would depend on the clothing. It it old or futuristic. If the clothing is just weird, I'd suspect mental impairment. It would take a lot more info for me to suspect anything else like time travel or aliens. Would an alien be familiar with our concept of years? If an alien were able to speak our language, they'd know the year. So I'm stuck on mental illness and trying to help the person get help. As a self-check, I'd hope the person is not a medical person checking on my mental status. I'd probably offer the correct answer and see where the conversation goes.
That looks like some thin dried out pizza and still made a mess. A sharp wheel is best.
This is shameful. I see no paper.
It needed to be in the middle to prevent touching the walls. The coat hanger does this elegantly. Now the clothes pin is available for a rag.
This is posted almost every month. USB ports are not mounted in the same orientation on every device.
"You can't have no ships come in unless you send out some boats" said someone once. I like to have some "presents" on the way, at least something.
This is a quicker way to end up in jail.
No clip needed if you just rest the bag on the rolled up edge.
I am totally with you. I don't want or expect anything from others in terms of gifts. For one thing, they never know what I really want so it's always uncomfortable getting something I think is a waste and being grateful. I actually feel better giving without getting.
There are multiple reasons. 1) So every victim feels vanquished. 2) Many sentences are appealed. Prosecutors want to make sure the person stays incarcerated. 3) The person refused a plea or did not show remorse in the eyes of the judge. A plea can include giving up the right to appeal a sentence.
I don't think it has a useful purpose. Anybody can view a plate. I can trace the vehicle and owner. But if I have a name or an address, I can do a lot as well. We're all somewhat vulnerable today with the existing data bases. So I guess, if someone wants to cut the odds a bit, they cover the plate. It would not stop a dedicated individual.
Locks and chains like this are more of a suggestion for normally honest people. Those Master locks just shatter with a slight pull on my bolt cutter.
Maybe it's not security as much as just trying to make sure the doors stay closed when driving. It's bee side swiped and the owner may be unsure. He may be getting in the passenger side.
You won't change the way she feels. She's telling you she ain't into you. You don't need that drama.
The robber stole from the bank, not the people. So the bank still owes the people the debt for their deposit. There's a middle ground here if the robber took the money from you as you were at the window and in the process of making a deposit. If the depositor did not yet have a receipt or the clerk had not logged it into the computer, the poor sucker at the window would be out. Then the customer could sue the bank, and probably win, for not having adequate security. Sorry for confusing the issue.
I go by volume, not plies. I pull out a wad that feels substantial. A hand full of paper is all the same to dat ass.
It's summer. Drink out of the hose.
I think most true campers or anyone ever caught in the woods and needed to go understands how easy it is to grab a small tree and squat. Even older folks can do this.
Trying to keep this simple. Most people favor their right side. So the most rhythmic running form is to breath out as the right foot comes down. On a four count pace you are also breathing in on that 'strong' side. There are other variations, but your concern for bouncing is well recognized.
Or last week for that matter. If you are a risk taker, embarrassing things are a life long issue.
There is some variation. Generally, there is a free period of maybe one second or more where a reaction can take place by the person who was shot first. If it's a well trained police officer, reaction may be instantaneous enough to get a shot off before falling dead or severely wounded. If you watch enough shooting videos, you will see this.
This begs the question, "Do you smell your own fart first?" I'm guessing "yes" because the smell particles may come up through your clothes first. Is it concentrated enough that others nearby can also smell it. Don't know. Could you move around and diffuse the particles to hide the smell or blame another. Don't know. You can't put the genie of smell back in the container.
I totally believe in storing tools where you will need them. These Allen wrenches are not unique. I have every size an arms length away. Still, if I got enough extra, I might do this.
The tube shown it not nearly low. A simple roller from the dollar store does the job nicely or even a folder clip.
Use old phones on WIFI as bathroom or bedroom phones. Hangouts Dialer makes WIFI calls. Watch YouTube videos on the old phone.
I feel gratified that they got the car out safely. Thanks.
Yea, easy enough to laugh when your on the second floor.
I like the cork lining to give it some grip. We need a video as proof of concept.
I bought one of solid brass at a yard sale for $2 and have never used it.
The problem is he's doing a century.
Looks like regulation 10' going by number of bricks.
This is probably one of the major incentives I had to learn how to cut my own hair. No Ranger Rick magazines or small talk. No barber shop smells. NO tips. No driving or appointments. I don't read fiction books so why would I make fake convo with a stranger?
It helps to develop a short memory. Also really works if you replace old cringe with new regularly.
I like the concept. I'd probably also toe-nail it from the top and add one more screw on the end.
Sometimes I'll grab a rag or a tool, but mostly I consider it a challenge that I must overcome. A stinking plastic bottle can't be stronger than I am.
You'd better test first whether you can remove your headrest while seated. The head rest us too big to swing from inside a small vehicle. You need something dense like a hammer, pocket knife or the cheap tool they sell for this purpose. A seat belt cutter and window hammer costs $8.99 at Walmart.
Amazing on so many levels. 1. That it did not break. You must have kept it very straight. 2. That a Dewalt cordless could stand up to the work.
Not a good idea even with an empty bag.
Clear gave that guy a break he did not deserve.
I cross drill many screwdrivers so a normal screwdriver will fit. The available torque is more than I ever needed. I've never broken one. On the other hand you may not have the required socket available. I like it simple.
There are shavings on the road if the tire is out of alignment enough. Mostly the wear is in the form of dust that blows around and washes down the drain. You see burn-out patches from squealing tires too. There used to be lots of lead dust along the road from leaded gas too, mostly gone now.
Yes. I never let it last long enough to wither naturally. I might let it exist as a patch over raw skin underneath, but then I rip or cut it off with bathroom scissors.
I can't speak for most people. I think people learn what they want to learn or think is important. Wherever I am, home or away, I feel compelled to know the basic direction. A smart phone can help with this now.
Samsung and Apple hate this simple trick.
This is great life info. I phrase it, "When in doubt, don't." This knowledge would have saved me two marriages.
Just put one or more wood toothpicks in there so the screw will be tight. I do this all the time. Toothpicks for wood, solder for oversize metal holes.
All those metal shavings and the split suggest the door is either off the track or the wheels are frozen and/or worn out. I was fortunate enough to grease mine up and get the wheels operating, but I was not this far along. You probably need to lift the door off and replace the wheels and track.
I see no reason to trash anything. These devices always have an adjustment that allows you to slide the belt on and then tension it properly.
Only savages leave the uncut ends on Zips.
Many people think they have silver utensils when in fact they are just plated. The amount of true silver is minimal so don't expect much from a dealer.
This donkey is ladder trained. Could have been ugly for the man at the bottom if not.
Maybe it's just 'front leg day.'
Truly amazing that the cable could take that weight without more sagging. Maybe need guy wires on the end posts until they can sink a sister pole and strap them together.
Let me get this straight. You found a nail. You were going to take HIS nail and replace it with a plug or a patch AND charge him?
$1 at Dollar Tree.
A 1/4"X20 screw thread is the most common in all cameras and tripods. I assume it's pretty common in audio devices as well. In this case, the screw comes with the tripod.
This post seems intended to cause harm or injury. A regular mercury thermometer will explode in a microwave and cause a serious contamination of the oven and the house. A digital device with a battery may cause the battery to explode or the surrounding plastic to catch fire.
I suppose it could be if you chose.
This may be more complicated than your simple question suggests. For example, you could scratch your side and experience no special feeling. If someone else 'tickles' you there, it feels much more sensitive. I'm thinking the sensitivity of your penis might vary depending on who is doing the pinching/touching, kissing, etc.
