Is it just for controlling the Peak and nothing else? Playing live or are you recording with a DAW? Do you need a lot of keys or is something small OK? If you're just playing live, I'd look for an inexpensive controller that feels good to you. You might have to play a few to get an idea of what is important. If you just need a small keybed with some cool features, the Arturia Keystep is a great deal. If you need full size keys look at the AKAI MPK series. If you're looking for a fully featured controller to integrate with your DAW, then I'd recommend looking at the Novation SL mk3 or the Arturia Keylab series.
Interesting. I've been doing Blood Aqueduct runs and I've been seeing the lab over and over and I've just been skipping it since I can never kill all the bad guys in time for it to be worth anything. So I guess I'm doing the right thing? Still doesn't help with the other two. And I did notice that Azurite seems remarkably scarce this time around!
So if I understand this, if I wanted a Unique Weapon, I'd need to have Eleron be the "boss" of the Transportation node when I do the raid?
He's a couple blocks from Crush Pizza as well.
Does your team already do unit tests? If yes, introduce them gradually as part of your work. You can also create integration tests in MVC using the framework that don't depend on a web UI. It's one of the great things about MVC is that you can test everything on the back end without a running front end. [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/test/integration-tests?view=aspnetcore-2.2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/test/integration-tests?view=aspnetcore-2.2) This book might be for you: [https://www.amazon.com/Working-Effectively-Legacy-Michael-Feathers/dp/0131177052](https://www.amazon.com/Working-Effectively-Legacy-Michael-Feathers/dp/0131177052) &amp;#x200B;
Financial District - Guess I was trying to be too hip for my age it showed.
Went to Macy's which had some stuff, but nothing in a size M. It's like everyone in Boston is a L or XL?
As a fellow CS grad, don't let modular projects scare you. Most analog synth modular pieces are the very basics of electrical science. If you can work with the voltage law, you're 90% of the way there. Soldering just takes a little practice. Try this YouTube series, modular in a week: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DKU1m5\_b\_8&amp;list=PLyE56WXw0\_5Q5QGMEXWmskuhojKyRdA3T](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DKU1m5_b_8&amp;list=PLyE56WXw0_5Q5QGMEXWmskuhojKyRdA3T)
I'd add that until you have at least 3 of each color in a given character, they are mostly ineffective. So whoever you pick to save probably won't make a difference in the long run.
I don't know, that sounds like it'd be right up his alley. Like hunter porn.
Dude, just send a message to the mods. It's their job to handle it.
That's the genius of using the fart spray! People are very compulsive when it comes to very bad smells. They'd rather ditch the thing that deal with the smell. It's practically guaranteed to cause the perp to ditch the item.
The FBI is even less interested in the police in pursuing package thieves.
The fart spray addition was pure genius. It gave him a good chance of the thief just dumping the item. Without it probably would have worked only once.
I think that this makes multi-samples easier. When playing a sample across several octaves, you want more than one sample, in addition to perhaps multiple velocities or other intonations. Doing this for a few dozen samples and mapping them to keys and velocities and such is tedious work. The mapping tool should ease the burden.
Try to create a palette of sounds that you would consider your bread and butter presets for playing or composing. Start with a bass, a lead, a pluck, a pad, then maybe even some percussion sounds or bells. You could also try to recreate sounds from pop music. You'd be surprised at how much you learn trying to recreate sounds you enjoy. There are a ton of good articles on the [reverbmachine](https://reverbmachine.com/) site. He walks you through how to recreate a sound for a given plugin that emulates or is similar to the original. But I find that it is still a worthwhile experiment to recreate the same sound on your own hardware. I've used my Peak to recreate sounds meant for other synths because once you understand how a sound is made the recipe can be adjusted to other hardware without a lot of difficulty. [Once Upon a Synth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSBULMs0Dq0&amp;list=PLyWVLB2iuZOPbXt7P8ucUQp2vkmynJmXJ) is a great channel that has a lot of synth design basics and ideas. Again, don't let the hardware difference scare you off. The basics translate to nearly every subtractive synth and it should get you going on some ideas.
Both have demos and it is a good idea to try before you buy.
True, but these types of shelving units are designed to have rigid support at top and bottom. There was no bottom shelf to make the structure rigid.
Kevin Meyer is being coy, but it's obvious what their intent is here. It's what I've been saying all along. Disney wants to put all of its stuff on their new streaming service. I'd be willing to bet that they have been purposefully making it difficult for Netflix to continue with the current series contracts as-is. Why would Netflix pay Marvel/ABC to produce a show that they will never own when Disney wants it to ultimately live on their own service? What you are seeing now is the public face of the legal wrangling between Disney and Netflix. They will settle at some point and Disney will open its coffers to pay off Netflix to get them to give up the rights they have now. It's just a matter of time and how much. Or, they will just let the current contracts expire and we won't see a return of some these characters for some time, if at all.
Oh, they've talked about it. This is just code for "our lawyers haven't worked on an agreement yet". Disney wants their ball back and Netflix is telling them to shove off. LOL
Agents of Shield had no issues with this and did just fine. And people died and lost major body parts. Violence can be toned down, and language can be cleaned up. The only thing that would be hard to sanitize is the sex scenes.
I agree. Disney saying they were surprised is just PR spin. I'm kind of surprised that it is working. Look at all the comments in this sub about this topic and people are buying it.
The actors signed contracts that say they can't do work as their characters for anyone other than Netflix for 2 years. It's going to take Disney to pay off Netflix to release them, or just wait the 2 years for the next season of the show.
I don't know the details, but the report was linked here on this very sub not very long ago. EDIT: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Defenders/comments/a6ukga/daredevil\_actress\_says\_netflix\_was\_responsible/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Defenders/comments/a6ukga/daredevil_actress_says_netflix_was_responsible/)
Did not know you could do that. TIL
That bell ring sound is like a cartoon it was so perfect.
Noise oscillator. (Peak but it could be any synth.) Unless you're making some kind of percussion or FX sounds I just never got the appeal of adding white noise to your signal since you can't control it independently of the other oscillators other than relative volume. On my Peak, it's literally just a volume control. EDIT: Holy smokes, guess I was wrong. Thanks for all the great ideas!
If your synth is designed to put out a mono signal on one output, just use it because you'll get no benefit from connecting both. You need two speakers to take advantage of stereo.
Than Ableton Live? They are really different in terms of their use. The Session features of Live have no analog in Studio One. The new pattern features of S1 make a decent substitute for arranging but not in a live format. Than version 3? Yes, I think so. Even if you think the new features are marginal to your work, to me it's worth it to have the latest supported version.
I don't know if this was because I killed someone important during a Syndicate event or if RNGesus was just messing with me.
Is it really that bothersome to type the word "hideout"?
They are becoming a rare thing these days. The only one I know of is outside of the city and requires a car to get there. I'd probably be there more often if it wasn't so difficult to get to.
That's what the [impact attenuators](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impact_attenuator) are for. Usually barrels filled with sand designed to deflect and dissipate energy in a collision.
What would it be called? The Toilet Bowl?
Saw this in r/videos and thought it was way too relevant not to link here.
I love reading these parts, but it also kind of bothers me. One of the things about the books and even moreso the movies is that we get a clear picture that Hogwarts is school for teaching magic, but when Harry gets into a bind he barely offer up anything than "Expelliarmus!" We get hints of the kids doing amazing transformations and potions but when the story depends on Harry doing something exceptional Rowling leans heavily on Deus Ex Machina. I remember seeing the brief combat between Dumbledore and Voldemort on screen and I was thinking, "FINALLY! Someone does some freaking magic!" I can't tell if folks in the wizarding world are just unimaginative or if Rowling just forgets that everyone is a freaking wizard or witch capable of shaping the world to their whims. It's the equivalent of writing horror films where no one seems to be carrying a smart phone. Maybe I'm off base here, but I think Fred and George had the right idea. They learned enough to have fun and make themselves wealthy without all the work and drama of the Ministry of Magic. (On a related note, I never understood the Ministry either. Who paid those guys? Did the Ministry collect taxes?) I can only imagine the shenanigans I could pull if I was a wizard.
Question: Could you create IR convolution files for other things, such as outboard gear? I assume you can replace the plate reverb with just about any kind of thing that processes audio somehow. For example, I have an old reel-to-reel deck I've restored to working order, but using it in my signal chain is a PITA. Could I create a convolution file for it by playing the sweep and recording it's response? Is it really that easy? Or is it only for reverbs? I think I saw a video about people creating convolution files for Ampire as well.
60! Sixty wavetables! Ah ah ah!
Has anyone tried the new Banks? I won't be home until late tonight and that is after a Christmas party! XD
This is the worst analogy ever and not at all accurate. SMH
There are several good reasons to own hardware: * Immediacy - flip the on switch, start playing. No computer required. * Performance - it's an instrument that can be played live without anything else. * Ergonomics - all those dedicated knobs and sliders can lead to a more intuitive sound design experience. * Resale - it's much easier to resell hardware than a plugin. * Durability - People are still playing 40+ year old synths. With TLC, they can last a lot longer than a plugin that hasn't been updated since Windows 95. * Flavor - Each synth will have its signature sound, whatever it is going to sound best at doing. A Prophet 5 will not sound like Blofeld which doesn't sound like a DX7. * Happiness - Some people just can't deal with software and for some it's just the intangible quality of owning physical hardware. You do you. Don't fall for the lie that pure analog is the best reason to own hardware. Plugins can sound amazing and most emulations are so good that they pass a blind listening test and your average listener wouldn't know the difference. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
And I thought the previous "sale" was worth finally buying this. Now it's even cheaper. I don't understand what is going over at Musician's Friend that they are willing to take a big loss on a flagship product that they can't sell add-ons for. This is no loss leader, it's just a loss. I don't get it. If you haven't got this yet, do it!
Video says everything in your list will be discounted, except for the new release of Studio Brass. He doesn't say how much. I'm just going to put in a few things I might be able to afford and see if Santa thought I was a good boy this year. :)
I think he was referring to the previous sale where you had to check out and purchase items individually to get the discount, and now everything in your cart gets a discount.
This must be a working prototype?
Thank you for reminding me that this existed.
What makes you believe it's not a true analog? EDIT: Never mind. A purist would never say that an FPGA generating waves using a table is not "pure" analog.
The Patricia Wolf pack was disappointing. Only 50 or so patches and most were unremarkable. There are a few gems, but it's not worth taking up an entire bank. The GForce bank is amazing. I liked or loved nearly all of them, and most had really good mods assigned to the animate buttons. There was one patch "LA Synth" that was a dead ringer for a D-50 patch. I can see myself using a lot of these. I was listening for patches that had some envelope loops but not stuck out for me. Maybe I just don't know what to listen for.
Those colors are so awful yet so appropriate. The design looks like something ripped off of r/outrun.
Your link goes to the 2nd song. Had to go to bandcamp to get the one I think you meant. ;)
It's OK everyone likes different things and that's fine. I'm not offended and I hope you didn't take offense with me.
I finally got a 5L normal armor drop Golden Plate (lvl 56) for my lvl 72 Juggernaut. Was wanting to turn it into a magic/rare item without spending a ton of currency. I can get the colors I want, just wanted to know the most economical way of upgrading it.
&gt;Essence DUH! Thanks!
Great advice, thanks!
In the FAQ they say if an item ever leaves the catalog you can replace it with something else. Which doesn't make sense. How can they take away something you've purchased? I'm actually a fan of the subscription model, but it's this kind of stuff that makes me wary of what Roland might do. For what you'd spend in a year on the cloud, you could own some of the more popular collections when they go on sale. $200 a year and then you get to keep 2 as long as they don't take it away? Come on.
The domain name " originaalbeats.com " listed on the page isn't even registered. You can fuck right off. This sub needs some real mods.
At best its a coincidence, at worst it's a reflection of systemic racism. But bringing it up makes you look like an racist asshole, so why say it?
The idea that a school would house students in what is essentially a windowless basement seems cruel and inhumane. I'm surprised that parents would allow such a thing especially the wealthy Malfoy's.
Robert-Half-Paycheck. Companies pay them as much as double of what RH pays you in return. Staffing agencies are great for temp jobs, but for IT work, you'd be better off talking to a recruiting firm.
Hell, I don't even know which button to push.
Am I the only one who is wondering what they eat to get bigger than that? I think a flea could take on all of them.
12/27 - still no email
No, but I have a phone!
Studio One Prime/Artist cannot use external VSTs. You would need to upgrade to Pro or buy the plugin extension. However, Artist comes with Ampire XT which is probably comparable to Bias FX. It includes both amp modeling and various stomp boxes. You shouldn't have to spend a thing unless there's an amp modeling plugin you could honestly say is far superior or preferred. But at that point I'd recommend upgrading to S1 Pro before shelling out money on buying the plugin upgrade and 3rd party plugins. Pro is a far better value overall and I think you can still find some sales out there.
I would also recommend changing the default for the plugins folders to something that is easy for you to remember and find. I use something like this: C:\\AudioPlugins\\64bit For some plugins I'll even install to a subfolder to help keep things tidy in case I need to uninstall. C:\\AudioPlugins\\64bit\\Arturia C:\\AudioPlugins\\64bit\\NativeInstruments When you point S1 at the root folder, it automatically includes sub-folders.
Why do all the best teams include 4\*'s I don't have champed? LOL
I think I like this idea better than a pedalboard.
"fraudulent intent" is the key.
best bang for the cent?
Knowing how filthy a grill can get, I don't think I'd set a naked synth on that. At least use some cardboard or newspaper?
[https://smemmusic.ch/](https://smemmusic.ch/)
Rule 1 prohibits "bad faith criticism". It's fine not to like something. But please don't go out of your way to criticize someone's contribution unless you're willing to offer constructive help. This was not that. Criticizing someone's appearance is especially hurtful and uncalled for. Please remember that we are all human beings here that deserve respect. For everyone else, please don't get in a flame war with rule offenders. Please use the Report button instead. Thank you!
What do you mean by "bad quality"? Clicks? Distortion? Weak levels?
The ending was what killed it for me. I was willing to look over some plot issues and it being an obvious metaphor for society. But it basically ended like, "EVERYONE &amp; EVERYTHING DIED. THE END." What an obnoxious way to punish the audience for no reason at all.
Being a musician, I really dislike Dylan for the same reasons. Music and lyrics should support each other, but Dylan was never a great musician or a singer. He had important and impactful ideas and some great songs that probably would have been better performed by other people. I went to a concert of his some years ago, and he could no longer play guitar and mashed his hands on an organ while doing his tone-deaf mumbling. It was so awful, a lot of people actually walked out in droves including us. It was quite sad really.
I would imagine that Behringer would find a way to make it cheaper than $2800. The only more expensive analog polys are the Moog One and its OB-6 cousin.
Novation Peak has LP, HP, and BP. All with -12 or -24, as well has a choice of pre/post filter overdrive.
"pleased" - Is there really a crowd of folks that will be happy to drop 5k on a monitor? That still seems excessive.
Please contact mods for permission to post promotional sales.
And for the rest of us who can't/won't do such a thing tape/console plugins are great. The first time I used them I thought my mix without them was pretty good, then I went through the process of adding tape saturation and console emulators on every track and bus and my mix came to life. There's just something about the subtle accumulation of warm saturation that makes everything sound better.
Soundtoys Micro-Shift and H3000 plugins. Getting that subtle delay/pitch-shift on a synth track will suddenly make it sound bigger and wider without taking up extra space in the mix.
My piano teacher taught me that I should curve my fingers like I'm holding a baseball. "Proper form" is a good thing because it is an efficient motion. You can play faster and with a firmer touch by keeping your fingers curved. Straight (or backwards bent) fingers means your fingers have to move farther to press the note which slows you down. Fun fact: pianos played louder by pressing more firmly on the key, not how fast you push it down. You can actually play loud on a piano without banging your fingers down. Synths are the opposite, velocity controls loudness generally, and aftertouch (playing firmly) controls something else, so it's one of those weird things that is different between being a pianist and a synth player. It's a subtlety that most pianists pick up on even if they can't articulate why - it's just different. You can play fast and quiet on a piano, but doing so on a synth keybed is actually tricky because you have to slow down your individual fingers on each press without slowing down your overall movement.
A properly fitted cover can look a lot nicer and is a lot more durable than a bed sheet or cardboard scraps. Some people don't want their workspace to look like a college dorm room. I use a plastic cover for my desktop synth to protect the knobs and sliders and to prevent spill accidents when I'm not actively using it because my desk is a busy area.
Has the CPU performance of Omnisphere improved at all with 4.5?
No sales posts, especially not from sketchy web sites with no contact information. Buyer beware!
Or you could do the unthinkable and get a lightweight controller and use software for gigs! \*gasp\*
Honestly, I'm surprised that anyone would offer 15% off on the Moog One. I might be a tad cynical, but that seems too good to be true. If you can get that price by waiting a bit, it's totally worth it. Good luck!
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcc9hXWLDbI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcc9hXWLDbI)
That's awesome! I hope they deliver soon.
There are not likely to be many, since the changes from 5 to 6 are mostly fixes and improvements for creators, with the exception of the wavetable synth engine.
No one tell George!
I was pretty sure it improved the threading for all instruments, that's why I asked if you had seen any improvements at all.
Happy Birthday!
Boo! Burn the heretic!
Well, this confirms that this is a Speak with extra features.
Your sentiment was valid but could have been done without the insult.
Is that similar to what the Eventide H3000 did? Modulated pitch-shift &amp; delay? Soundtoys also has the Micro-shift based one the same idea. Of course, yours sounds like you could delay anything.
Log in to your account on the Spectrasonics web site.
For those who didn't look at the actual stats, that 40% is mostly older white males. We have an entire demographic of people who identify with Trump simply because he looks like them, including my ultra-religious father who is a so-called champion of family values and adhering to the Constitution. You cannot reason with his supporters because they have left their reason behind to be slaves to the Cult of Republicanism.
Crap, I missed an obvious R&amp;M joke opportunity. Well done!
You implore us not to say things like use plugins for tape/console emulators, but if you're working entirely in the box, how else are you going to get that subtle warm harmonics and compression that typically come from tape and consoles? "Don't tell me distortion" OK, what are we allowed to say? You can apply some other techniques for 3d depth like pitch modulation and delay. Doubling tracks can get some of that as well. &amp;#x200B; If you're asking how to mix better, there are a ton of good YT channels dedicated to doing just that. But I should warn you, even those that are using some outboard gear are all including plugins in lieu of hardware. [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJJ6AUbNpheFvitNFJO3c6w](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJJ6AUbNpheFvitNFJO3c6w)
[https://sonicscoop.com/2018/03/14/best-tape-saturation-plugins-market/?singlepage=1](https://sonicscoop.com/2018/03/14/best-tape-saturation-plugins-market/?singlepage=1) This article includes some comparison demos, so it's worth a look at. Satin wasn't included, which seems like a strange omission, or they really didn't like it? I really think it comes down to how creative or subtle you want the effect to be. I've only really used the Slate VTM, and like this article says it's subtle on single tracks unless you really overdrive the signal, but added up over a big mix it makes a significant difference on the sound. I think it warms up the bottom end nicely the more you drive it. I have the Decapitator but haven't had much time to try it out, but it definitely seems like it's a much bigger tool box even though it doesn't really advertise itself as a tape plugin. I always tell people to try a demo first and use it on your own stuff. If don't have a UAD device, those options are off the table, obviously. EDIT: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgmy9ZD3wCA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgmy9ZD3wCA)
And it looks like the correct jacks to be used are labeled. I suppose if you have someone else setting up your gear, you take no chances.
This is less about cloning and more about availability. The TTSH is $3400! A full kit, literally just parts you must put together, is $1499. It's hard to get excited about any clone that is the price of a used car. Behringer's version will likely be less than $1000 (probably much less) and ready to go. Whatever you think of Behringer, they are doing a great job of making classic synths affordable and attainable.
You can always reset to a new game and do the missions again.
If they run out of things to clone, that will be a good problem to have!
Same here. I just told myself I'm done buying stuff for awhile after getting K12. Getting Live 10 for nearly half off seems like a hard thing to pass up. I don't need it, but it was between Live 9 and Studio One a couple years ago, and the latter won out mainly due to VST 3 support. I really would like the Session mode of Live...
If it's not yours, this discussion is moot. If you're serious about rescuing it, you should offer to buy it from the owner.
This is a pretty good demo of the final product and how it can be used with all the individual outs integrated with a DAW.
Do you mean which DAW I use? I use Presonus' Studio One v4.5. I use lots of VST plugins which is why I really wanted to be sure that the DAW I chose would support the latest and greatest. Live 9 didn't quite muster 2 years ago in that regard, so I was reluctant to choose it back then, but that is no longer the case.
In related news, Canadian golf officials apologized to Koepka for not being more supportive in his efforts to win the US Open.
No, and it's a growing trend because all these new DAW versions are 64 bit. [https://support.presonus.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003940771-Is-there-a-32-bit-version-of-Studio-One-4-How-do-I-load-my-32-bit-plug-ins-](https://support.presonus.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003940771-Is-there-a-32-bit-version-of-Studio-One-4-How-do-I-load-my-32-bit-plug-ins-)
Meanwhile, your alliance members do nothing... I think I need a new group.
I agree they did look slow and gave up a lot of dumb turnovers, but they didn't deserve to have the game given to the Blues on a blown call. I'd rather they lose fair and square.
Congrats, that's a great way to get started. Good luck on the repairs.
Not every patch has to be a simple musical note. You can do a lot of things like special FX, drum sounds, chords, swoops, and the like. Here is an example of creating a pluck sound with an envelope doing pitch modulation to emphasize the attack: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGcN7JrBwXU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGcN7JrBwXU)
Yeah, I was in a good alliance and decided to take a break for a couple of months. Now that I'm back, dealing with uninvolved members is dumb. It's my own fault for not trying to find a better group.
Please no discussions of piracy.
I don't regret my decision, but yeah, it turned out to be a moot point.
This is wonderful!
Same thing happened to me. I dragged my alliance into round 5 and even the commanders were no shows. I need a new group.
Yeah, I took a several month break and left a very good alliance so I wouldn't take up a slot. I'm back now and miss having a great team.
For whatever reason, this thread inspired a lot of terrible remarks and passive-aggressive insults. Rather than spend an hour of my free time trying to referee this mess, I'm locking the thread. In the future, be kind to each other and think of the human beings on the other end of the internet.
Violator is still one of my favorite albums. They really went all out with the production values, but it was all done with some very innovative ideas for synths in pop music that went unappreciated by most at the time.
You should probably see a doctor about that.
Or fucking refuse to deliver because I didn't sprint to the door when they knocked quietly on my door (if at all). I actually called Amazon to complain about FedEx failing to deliver when I was home waiting for a package. On top of that, their local DC for pickup is a good hour's drive away which made it even more painful. FedEx can eat shit.
Happened to me several times, and I'm 90% sure they didn't even attempt the delivery. So I called Amazon to complain about it. I don't think they use FedEx for our neighborhood any more.
If you said this during the regular season, so many folks would shout you down saying that fighting is part of hockey. The playoffs come around and everyone suddenly gets high and mighty. I do agree with you though, they need to suspend players and coaches for fighting.
4-track cassette player. Roland VS series or Tascam digital recorders can be found for dirt cheap and a great DAW replacement for recording live multi-tracks.
Probably pneumatic (air piston).
The list of supported synths: [https://www.spectrasonics.net/products/omnisphere/index.php#hw](https://www.spectrasonics.net/products/omnisphere/index.php#hw)
Mike Tirico looks like a child dressing up for an interview. Holy crap, I'm old.
It's this kind of stuff that makes it tempting to spend money on hardware when I promised myself to stay in the box.
There is an entire "family" of these kinds of web sites popping up lately showing ridiculous and impossibly low prices for items. It is impossible to find any kind of contact information or where they are located. If you give them money, you will only be helping a scammer and it will be your fault. Likewise, there are similar sites that advertise VST/AU plugins and sample libraries for cheap and free and want your credit card info. Please don't fall for it.
Glad you got that figured out. That "feature" has caused me a lot of confusion and grief.
What? That ball had almost no movement on it. It started right and finished slightly more right. I could get your argument if he threw a curve ball or a sinker that had some serious movement on it. This is just a bad pitch with an even worse call.
Yeah, I'm just trying to remember the context of where it was mentioned in game to see if it had to do with anything you just said.
&gt; "Her eyes plead with you. End it," the physician [recalls](https://annals.org/aim/fullarticle/2735232/myth-choice). "You talk to the obstetricians, because eventually it will end. But nobody will do it. Not in this state. Not in this hospital. And so, the mother goes home, pregnant and grieving." I think you are conveniently forgetting that the article says she literally had no choice. Saying she wasn't forced to do anything is poor reading comprehension at best.
&gt;I don't understand but I feel sad It sounds more like self-righteous pity than empathy when you say it like that.
I think what you're seeing is the reflection in the paint and not anything dirty. It looked super clean to me. Although I'm not sure that it justifies a $1000 price bump.
You know an oscilloscope is not a synthesizer and yet you ask for help identifying it here, while breaking rule 5? I'm glad you got some help, but please consider electronics subs next time.
Good job Blues. Bruins just can't get it going this game. It's a shame you can't celebrate in front of your home crowd. GG
That was swell of them.
I heard this too while watching online. I wonder if this made it on TV. I laughed so loud my cube neighbor had to ask what was so funny.
No, that's how they will look after Friday.
TV DJ was just praying for the shot.
BE SURE TO RING THAT BELL AND SUBSCRIBE, YO!
"if it seems too good to be true, it probably is." Please beware these fake sellers and web sites that promise gear at a tiny fraction of the fair market price. They never give you the deal they promise. This is like the 3rd post about fake deals this week. Let's not give these fraudulent scam artists any more exposure.
Rule 2
It's for the box set with the light up box, 7" single, posters, etc. I think it was over $60 when I saw it in the store.
Because we'd have nothing but scam posts in here. We shouldn't have to teach folks that there are no Nigerian princes who are willing to share millions of dollars in exchange for your credit card number.
Pigments is a great synth, and a direct competitor to synths like Serum, Hive, or Sylenth with its combination of wavetable and "analog" synth engines. I really like the UI and its probably one of the easiest soft synths to program. If you've got the Collection V then it's only $69 which makes it a no-brainer.
This patch included support for NKS. That tells me that they're willing to put in work on the features that will help sell copies. I wonder how many MPE users are out there? Might be worth telling them that you want it!
USB? Unplug all other devices. Certain devices disrupt connections for others on the same usb port. I had a flash card reader that would cause my synth to disconnect every time I stopped playback.
You can get different skins. I think the official install only has one or two but people have made others for it.
Exactly.
You might also try a mask with the foam lining. It means you can't boil it, or clean it without special stuff. But it gives a more comfortable fit when pulled tight.
It's tip #1 from the link. But yeah, it's a big red flag if the site isn't secured.
This is a sticky post, and the first link has a lot of good info on identifying scam web sites.
That bass sound at 11:00!! Also, I think you need to do a song about eating plastic. haha
You can't beat the bot! Thanks for contributing!
Be warned. I've spent far more than I planned on over the past year with all the deals. Be picky about what you want and wait for the sale. Typically the biggest deals are Black Friday and a series of summer deals.
Along those lines, you could get something like the Korg Minilogue or Monologue and still have money left over for a used ROMpler like a JV-1010.
I can confirm that they have no feelings to insult or offend. Be as rude as you like.
$363 US. That's the lowest I've seen it and I bought it last year around $400. &amp;#x200B; EDIT: Looks like Keyscape is on sale as well at $331. Not nearly the same discount, but some.
Gaz and Nick show off the new Behringer RD-8. Yes, the name has changed. Maybe 808 was flirting too close for comfort with Roland's lawyers?
I think they key takeaway here is what Gaz says at the end. This is an instrument inspired by the 808 and does a lot more than the original. If you want the original sound in a smaller form factor, you should get the Roland boutique.
Do you have plans on sharing some of the designs? You mentioned that you redesigned things you didn't like, so I'm wondering if others could benefit.
As someone who has toyed with the idea of writing synth software but never had the courage to plunk down $50-$100 on books to get started, this is a godsend. I will be looking at this very soon! Thank you.
That seems a bit redundant then. The front panel literally says "Rhythm Designer RD-8". They should have picked one or the other.
It's still the #1 post on the sub today. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.reddit.com/r/synthesizers/comments/c24rhs/me\_and\_my\_dad\_build\_and\_design\_synths\_and\_modules/](https://www.reddit.com/r/synthesizers/comments/c24rhs/me_and_my_dad_build_and_design_synths_and_modules/) &amp;#x200B; Also, rule 5 is still required.
You could try a full-face mask with the foam lining. I had similar issues with mask flapping with a silicon mask. The EPR setting should let you exhale freely. If it's not, then maybe the setting isn't turned on after all. I had to turn on the extra settings via the technician mode on my machine, which was as simple as holding the on button and pressing in the settings button at the same time.
I've been using this quite a bit as part of the Slate Everything bundle, which I finally just turned off because I just don't mix enough to justify the monthly bill. This is one of the plugins I was going to really miss. Now I won't at this price!
The original name: **Roland TR-808 Rhythm Composer** Roland also had the TR-08. The naming is horribly inconsistent. And I still stand by my comment that being redundant in your naming scheme seems a tad silly.
I bought the wrong crackers for a fancy party. I was supposed to buy the water crackers that have ZERO flavor, and I countered that we might as well be serving cheese on wax paper instead and save money.
absolutely this. Hoard until you need hp then pull until you get one then stop pulling.
Aw crap. I'm going to get sucked into this now, too.
I fell asleep. The temptation for a lot of electronic artists is to have a super long intro buildup and unless you're at a rave with lots of drugs this is just boring your audience.
This is like if Kate Bush had shared Madonna's producers and she did a dance record.
I feel like this wouldn't need to be a thing if every device actually had all 3 ports (in, out, thru). Or is there something else to having multiple ports?
The fact that you got downvoted for this is why there is a problem to begin with. Over at /r/synthesizers we have a strict anti-piracy rule.
One of the primary reasons we so strongly enforce our No Piracy rule in this sub is to protect our users from nefarious predators on the web. Consider this a friendly reminder to support the developers who give us the tools to make music.
These guys set out to find out what was inside and used a razor and still had difficulty getting through it. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAN98p7a4AY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAN98p7a4AY) OP's pic is straight up malicious vandalism. There's no way this was any kind of "wear and tear".
That's pretty much true of every instrument in the store.
Did people really expect to get anything else? I mean, come on.
Honestly, I'm surprised that so many people actually spent money hoping to get anything remotely similar to a vinyl record.
If S1 had a Session mode, I think Ableton would be in serious trouble.
Most of them sound pretty good. They all share a similar/same interface so sometimes it can be weird to program. I didn't like the workflow of the Analog at all and found it confusing. I just didn't click with either the Strings or Chromaphone. Strum was my first guitar plugin and even when it was the only one I had I thought it was just passable if buried in a mix. Now that I have several really good guitar sample libraries, I'll never use it again. It's just not even close to being as good. My favorite is the Lounge Lizard. It actually sounds as good if not better than a lot of sample libraries. And because it's modeling, it's often less memory and CPU hungry than samples. I got the package on sale when upgrading from Session. I would never pay full price for them.
The two might seem similar but are different enough in significant ways to classify them as different tools. The Circuit is a true "groove box". It's function is to lay down a beat and some musical structure. But you have to interact with it to get something like a song out of it, and even then it can take some serious wizardry to get results that can stand on their own. With only 3 tracks and limited ability to string patterns together, it's not meant to be a true composing or production tool, but the anchor for a setup that includes other instruments and is especially flexible as a performance tool. The OP-Z is a stand-alone and portable device for sketching out songs on the go. 16 tracks of drums, samples, or synths. But you're not likely going to "perform" with it or have it be part of a larger live setup.
Sorry, we don't allow sales posts except in unusual circumstances from reputable retailers. Please contact the mods before submitting.
I suppose that's a matter of opinion. A grown man had to push really hard on that knife to get through the rubber layer and it still resisted them.
Or maybe y'all shouldn't buy stuff you know is likely a fake item? It's one thing to be tricked, it's another thing to be willingly tricked.
I just got done driving all day and was feeling a tad ill due to dehydration and I genuinely thought I might be hallucinating. Then I realized I'm probably just too old to get this, and this is probably fucking rad. A++ would hallucinate again.
It's literally our first rule.
It's been awhile but I got this to work with my Peak. I don't recall having much trouble, but I think whatever patch on the Peak you wish to use is largely irrelevant. Omnisphere won't display the patch name on your Peak. I don't think you can use the Peak to select Omnisphere patches and I'm not even sure how you would map thousands of presets to 512 preset values. I wouldn't get hung up on that, the most important thing is that the controls on the Peak are mapped to controls in OS.
It's hard to come up with new ideas and turn them into a working instrument that people will buy and that is risky. There is also something to be said for producing things that people already like and are familiar with. If there is a market for something can you really blame someone for filling the perceived demand?
During WW1 and beyond, flametroopers were feared and reviled and would often be summarily executed if captured. This episode was a reminder of why - being burned alive is a terrible way to go and you'd have to be a sadistic bastard to volunteer to do such a thing.
"maggies" are those planar speakers? I would think they sound amazing regardless. Haven't seen anyone who actually owned those types of speakers since the 80's.
I guess walking your bike up the hill is just too much?
Unexplained weight loss could be a symptom of a more serious health condition. Depression is a sickness too.
It's a fantastic game, and just needs a few tweaks on their loot system. Saying to fire all the devs is dumb and ungrateful when most players in this discussion have probably put at least 100 hours into the game.
In other news, Neanderthal is pissed at Goodyear for selling tires without attribution. Without a patent, this is just a bunch of people whining about someone else getting rich because they didn't think to do it themselves.
In other news, Neanderthals are pissed at Goodyear for selling tires without attribution. Nothing was stolen if it was "open source", which in the hardware world is a legal myth.
What should they do? Burn his name on every PCB? A thank you letter in every box sold? What do you think would have been adequate?
Electronic schematics are not IP that can be copyrighted.
I unknowingly struggled with sleep issues for probably decades. I'm a night person by nature, but would have trouble getting enough sleep and I would often "catch up" on weekends by sleeping until noon. It turns out my apnea was such that I would literally just stop breathing often and my body would go into alarm mode to stir me back into breathing and I rarely got into deep sleep. It wasn't until my new wife who is a nurse suggested I get a sleep study because of my snoring. I think I would seesaw between snoring and not breathing. I was always tired and would often come home from work and take an hour long nap. There was one job I had where I had to be in the office at 7am, and it was unspoken rule not to talk to me before 9am because I would likely not react well. I got a Resmed auto with full face because of my snoring. It took a few weeks to feel "normal" but within the first week I started to actually feel rested when I woke up in the mornings and I feel much more alert throughout the day. I still sometimes take a brief nap in the afternoon to reset, but I think that's largely due to my age. It has literally changed my life and feel much less fatigue and I no longer sleep in late on the weekends. My AHI events are less than 1 per hour down from 3-5, and my sleep score is nearly always 100 unless I get too little sleep (my own fault). Whenever we go on trips, one of the first things I pack is my CPAP machine. I also found that while I had been a side sleeper all of my adult life because of my snoring, I can now sleep on my back quite comfortably. I can also throw a blanket or pillow over my head and my mask acts like a snorkel, which is great for those nights when the spouse is up late reading or watching TV. One learning curve I had with adjusting is that during the first several months I would sometimes wake up in the middle of the night with a terrible stomach ache from swallowed air. The machine would adjust to very high pressure to the point where I could not normally exhale and the machine would just pump my stomach full of air. I learned that you can adjust the clinical settings yourself through a special button press. I was able to turn on the EPR mode which briefly reduces pressure when it detects that you are exhaling. It fixed the air swallowing the first night. Whatever tales you hear of people not adjusting well, trust me when I say the benefits of good sleep far outweigh any minor annoyances you might have. Try different masks if you need to. I went with the full face with the foam lining for a good comfortable seal. Find a way of wrangling the hose that works for you (I don't even notice it any more and I flip over several times a night). Spend the first few nights going to bed early and use the machine about an hour before going to sleep to get used to it. Good luck!
I guess it works if you and your buddies have records worth flattening, but that can be pretty subjective.
Having recently got into VCV Rack, I thought it was a decent explanation. I had to watch an entire series of videos to get the same info, so it's brief enough that you have a reasonable idea of what modular is without also being a primer on synthesis. Also, his setup is insane. That's a king's ransom in modules. I know he has sponsors, but up til now he hasn't featured a lot of modular gear, so I would imagine much of it is on his own dime.
&gt; Franklin Graham, the son of magazine founder Billy Graham, also criticized the editorial, saying, "My father knew Donald Trump, he believed in Donald Trump, and he voted for Donald Trump. He believed that Donald J. Trump was the man for this hour in history for our nation." I don't believe that for a minute. &amp;#x200B; &gt; Galli said he voted for neither Trump nor Democratic nominee [Hillary Clinton](https://thehill.com/people/hillary-clinton) in the 2016 presidential election. He said his work since Trump was elected has been to “get evangelicals on the left, center and right to have a reasonable conversation” but that “something in me clicked” recently regarding Trump's actions in Ukraine, which led to House Democrats voting to impeach him. It's one thing to vote your conscience, and it's another to stand idly by while evil takes over. If maybe you had said something BEFORE the election, your words might have carried weight. You now owe it the Christian community at large to encourage people to vote against Trump, or you're just a big fat hypocrite AGAIN.
It's amazing to me that someone can make a ridiculous amount of money doing "work" for foreign companies. I guess I'm the sucker for getting a STEM degree and working a job where I could never hope to make that kind of money.
Wow, I finally got one.
A few Kraftwerk records I was missing including an early copy of Computer World, Electric Cafe, Tour de France, and Trans Europe Express. I primarily collect older electronic music. I saw a sealed copy of a possible first pressing of Radioactivity but the guy wanted $60 (I had no idea what it was really worth). I saw an album of one of their early live recordings of the prog rock recordings that I've seen on YouTube. But the record itself had no label and I was unable to verify it, so I passed. There were some singles, but they wanted $20+ and seemed a bit overpriced. Pleasure Principle by Gary Numan. A sealed copy of Unforgettable Fire by U2. Upstairs at Eric's by Yaz. It was a good mix overall.
Yeah, it seems that this one meets quarterly but I was made aware of another one that meets every other month. I'm beginning to wonder if crate digging is worth it or not.
[https://bostonvinylrecordshows.com/](https://bostonvinylrecordshows.com/)
The only thing that is immutable is the contempt that programmers throw at other programmers who don't think like them. Mutability in a language is a liability in the same way that a knife is sharp and can cut your food or you but can also cut you. You tell people never to pull or push the knife towards yourself because that is how you get cut, yet I've seen lots of people carelessly live dangerously in stubborn ignorance sometimes cutting their fingers but never stopping to think that they could cut their food without cutting themselves if they just stopped doing it wrong. Programmers are the same way. We give them a language where we tell them to use *encapsulation* and *separation of concerns* (the core tenets of OOP) such that you are not changing data you shouldn't, and yet daily I run across legacy code where hidden side effects in a method occur and this is considered "practical" and perfectly normal. It's fine until it's a bug and then I have to clean up their fucking mess because it's now costing us thousands of dollars per hour. (We had to ban the use of the word "static" in new code because of bugs involving mutability that weren't thread safe.) Immutability as a language feature seems like a great idea because you can't cut yourself with the knife any more. Since you can't alter someone else's variable, it's impossible to cause hidden side effects. This seems like a silver bullet for eliminating bugs altogether. It's still possible to write bugs, and you must now sometimes go to extra lengths to accomplish what in a language with mutability is a one-liner. You should choose a language because it fits the problem you are trying to solve, and not because it seems to prevent a class of bugs. All the hype of folks pushing for immutable object in languages that don't have them (like C#) are wrongly thinking it will make everyone better programmers by default. Their efforts would be better spent on teaching and insisting upon good OOP practices.
I just spent the evening cleaning and listening. There's something about the first play of a new (to you) record freshly cleaned. I like that people are coming up with creative solutions (ha) for cleaning. However paying $125 for a 3D printed thingamabob that you still have to turn yourself seems ridiculous. Honestly, I doubt anyone could tell the difference between hand washing with a velvet brush and a microfiber towel.
The Novation Circuit suffers from the same issue. It has pattern chaining, but you're limited to so few of them in a single "session" that it's hard to use it as anything other than a live jam/performance device. To be fair, that's all it was ever intended to be but it still feels like a missed opportunity.
I've never had any noise problems with my Peak. But I have heard other people mention it. Maybe I got luck and mine missed the production flaw causing the issue.
I like it. One of my chief criticisms of a lot of modern electronic is the lack of a melody. This delivers. If I could nitpick it would be to have a part B or chorus with a different chord structure. Good job.
"static void" is a code smell for me. It is practically guaranteed that there is a side effect in that method.
At the risk of starting an argument, if your device isn't a very high end converter AND you aren't doing something specific that requires it, you shouldn't even think about doing anything other than 44.1 or 48. It's just a waste of processing and storage.
That's fine, but if you're not doing video, you should probably switch it to 44.1.
It seems a shame to keep working synths in a museum.
I think you might be confusing the time setting with the level (amplitude) setting which is either on or off for the end value.
Rule 4
Set the "End L" to 0, and set T5 to the desired time, bigger values are longer time. [https://data.dynareg.se/breadandbutter/D05.html](https://data.dynareg.se/breadandbutter/D05.html) IN this editor, you'll notice that T5 is a horizontal slider that sits above the "END L" setting which is a vertical slider but which only allows 0 or 100.
Tonewheel organs are synthesizers in my book! They are truly analog as well.
Yeah, the END L value should be 0 to indicate the volume should end at nothing. The T5 value will say how long it takes between the sustain level and nothing. I can't think of why you would ever want END L to be 100 unless you want the note to never stop playing. My guess is that the hardware uses the same envelope architecture for both the TVA and TVF and it was easier to leave it in the TVA as an extra feature. I could imagine the TVF release to always remain high.
Also, make sure your Xbox has good ventilation. I had several bad crashes in the first few days of the game then noticed that the top of the console was really hot. I made sure it was the topmost device above my cable box and put some spacers in-between for extra airflow. Haven't crashed since.
Rule 4. Post again when you have audio or video to share.
I guess it depends on where the store is located. In New England area, you can't get away from James Taylor records. Moody Blues are especially prolific here. A lot of folk records and 80's jazz albums. Chuck Mangione is a scourge for crate diggers. My FIL found some old records in his basement. He told me he used to collect classic rock and jazz, so I was thrilled. He came up with an entire set of Moody Blues and some international orchestral pieces. I can't even get rid of those. LOL The only good one he had was Duke Ellington &amp; John Coltrane that had been water damaged.
So I've only watched the video so far, but this looks really promising in terms of being able to combine various synth plugins to create layered instruments. Unify claims to be smart enough to scan your plugin folders and use *any* instrument or FX plugin that you own as part of a preset. That means you can create the Omnisphere/Diva/Pigments/Massive/D-50 monster patch of your dreams. It includes a synth &amp; sample library to get started along with some FX modules which are probably worth the price alone. I know that some DAWs like Studio One and Ableton live already have multi-instrument features, but I think this is some next level integration allowing you to do things like assign FX to specific instruments and the ability to modulate just about any parameter of any plugin that is part of the preset and assign macros to a modulation group. The self-hosting option means it's probably an affordable option for a live setup. It looks like some careful thought went into how it works, so it's probably worth checking out. $59 intro price until Feb. 15, then $79 thereafter. *Mac Users: Not yet compatible with Catalina.* EDIT: Sorry for the title gore. It was hard to come up with a one-liner description.
Because Roland thought it would be better that way? It gives you a 2nd attack/decay which I suppose could sound interesting. I never really tried anything with it. I wonder if any of the stock presets use it to their advantage...
&gt; those sites will beat the prices of the developers which makes their posting deals here kind of pointless If you're looking for absolute lowest price, then yes. I'm one of those weird people who if I have a choice of saving a few extra bucks or having all the money going to the developer, I choose the latter.
My first impression from watching the intro video is very positive. I do know that some DAWs have similar features for multiple instruments on a single track, but not to this extent. I'm not sure if the appeal will be universal or just to a limited audience. I could see this being used more for live sets than recording.
Ah, don't change it on my account. I'll do my own thing regardless, so it's probably best to keep posting the best possible deal if that is what encourages people to buy.
[https://www.ramoonus.nl/2015/12/06/firewire-legacy-driver-windows-10/](https://www.ramoonus.nl/2015/12/06/firewire-legacy-driver-windows-10/) But you really should upgrade to Windows 10.
When I did my sleep study, it was with a machine I could take home. Do people still go to clinics/hotels for this?
How can you be fired, your replacement already hired, and still be under contract? NFL contract rules make no sense.
Firewire is still a thing. I still use a MOTU 896HD. So the technology isn't really an issue. The cost of labor to fix it might be more than finding a used one to replace it (unless you can fix it yourself). Used Pro 24's on Reverb are going for around $175. Or you can buy a new Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 for the same or less. It will probably have better modern driver support as well. Most local GC's will have a used one for less than $100.
The X-ray was really the only one that surprised me. I once found a collection of 3x5 pictures of wild mushrooms and several shots of the forest which I think were a "map" to find them again. LOL
It took me 3 hours to get home last night, and that was after getting a ride 2 stops from home, and I still had to go fetch my car.
Please message the mods before advertising items. Thanks.
Rule 5
Removed for Rule 5.
But is OSC backwards compatible with the millions of MIDI 1.0 devices? Adopting a new protocol is a tough sell if something else already exists.
The rules are in the sidebar. You were also messaged by the auto-moderator about rule 5. How much plainer can it be?
Rule 2 exists to protect us against spam. If this isn't a special sale of some kind, it's just posting an advertisement. Exceptions can be made for new products that are of interest to everyone. If you're not sure, please ask the mods before posting. Thanks!
\*scowling intensifies\*
Yeah, when your casino is failing, blame the customers. LOL
There was barely a game to be played at launch. I want to give it another try, but not having a group of friends to play is keeping me from doing so.
Meanwhile Moze gets things like reduced ammo usage for the next 2 clips, when she already has skills that do that. It's not even close to parity and it's ridiculous.
I never quite understood why you'd need a strong animal to pull a frictionless cart. It'd be like a puck on an air hockey table. You wouldn't need a ton of force to get it moving and it would keep moving without effort. The only thing I can think of is turning or stopping a heavy load or maybe going uphill or downhill.
Dude, link the save file for us.
I'll add to that it depends on if I can get the same sound through something else. I recently sold a Yamaha CP-70 even though they are hard to find in good condition because I have at least two good plugins that sound better than piece of furniture taking up space in my small studio.
To drive this point home, their only losses were the other teams that went to the playoffs plus Miami. They absolutely didn't deserve a playoff berth this year and this was one of the best Pats Defenses they've ever had. If you can't win when you hold the other team to less than 20 points and you have Tom Brady, WTF is going on with the offense?
&gt; The guy American fans seemed to love to hate was transformed into the guy American fans couldn’t help loving in his march to the green jacket at Augusta National. Was this written by Sergio's Mom? His wins didn't change my opinion. He's still a giant dick head.
He was the one to insist teaching Anakin despite the decision of the Jedi Council. His stubbornness was the downfall of the Republic.
Do the frames contain actual records or is it possible to buy album cover prints?
Ethics aside (I don't agree with what you're suggesting) OS is a bit overpriced and overrated. My suggestion is to buy something like Pigments instead which has nearly all the same features. Or buy the new Unify plugin ($59 intro price) and layer up a bunch of free plugins.
My IB with the right relic can last for over a minute in M4, and it's nearly ready to go again when I bail out. I think the big problem is that compared to Amara, the survivability is good but the damage is sorely lacking. In my group, I usually act as the tank character when fighting Wotan so our Amara can be free to ricochet the shit out of everything.
My wife used to jokingly call it Marvel Candy Crush. After this episode we call it Marvel Kwazy Kupcakes.
or empty cans of Fix a Flat.
I'd consider buying a version with 3.5mm plugs without a keyboard. Seems like the perfect semi-modular to go with Eurorack.
I wouldn't even call this pair iconic yet. The karma pandering in this sub is reaching ridiculous levels.
Am I the only one who thinks Lynch was overrated and over-hyped in these playoffs? He had 2 TD but only 26 yards over 12 carries last night and in the previous game it was even less. His only contribution was to bang in those meager yards through sheer determination. However, if you watched him closely, nearly every play he was simply running into a pile of bodies including his own blockers. I honestly think he is visually impaired or something because it's like he can't even see the blockers in front of him. If it hadn't been for that pair of 1 yard TD's, his biggest contribution last night was the pass rush blocking which he actually excelled at. Beast mode is dead. Derrick Henry looked more like Lynch than Lynch did. Imagine playing for 15 weeks then being told Lynch is coming back just to help you out for the playoffs. Like, where were you for the rest of the season when we needed you? At best he seems like a savior, but at worst he looks like a glory-seeking mercenary. He wasn't either, but ultimately he wasn't a deciding factor in the Packers game.
The Legendary COV guns take it even further. Some of them set you on fire when using or overheating. The Sawbar splits into multiple projectiles making the accuracy and bullet tax even worse. Linoge shoots wild and so damn slow it only hits non-moving targets and then sometimes not. Even the Hanging Chad is crippled by the accuracy tax, even though it never uses ammo and cannot overheat. It can be a monster at close range, but in the current DLC everything has both shields and armor and the Maliwan raid is no different.
Torgue is pretty much essential for Moze. Without the splash damage perks, Torgue would be near the bottom with CoV.
Which one? I use the Resmed F20. The foam lining helps keep a seal even with uneven pressure. The angled hose connector also helps keep the hose from putting angular pressure on my mask. About the only time it leaks is if I get the hose wrapped under an arm, and I alternate side sleeping often. You could also try a host wrangler that hangs the hose over your head.
It's not so much about time as it is about cost. I've seen projects that should have been shelved because of time-cost restraints get handed to the lowest bidder in another country. They ended up getting a shit product that cost as much as if it had been done locally. The one thing that no one has seemed to learn from the first dot com crash was that not just anyone can write dependable and scalable code in a reasonable amount of time.
Scores on Legendaries are pointless because the red text is nearly always the defining feature of the gun. How do you even assign a score to a Flakker or a Lob?
Rule 2
Sorry, but two days of this junk in a row is not news is just shameless hype and akin to spam.
$449 is not crazy considering it's got everything but an actual sound engine. If I'm going to nitpick, it has to be the "slim" keys.
Well, how about that. It's a Boog D in VCV rack! I wonder how similar it sounds to either the Boog or the original.
My brand new VW Atlas has FM but not AM. My previous car, and Audi Q5, had neither. Weird.
So how do they decide what to play? Is there a DJ? Can people make requests?
3 voice paraphonic. What?
Roland announced the new Jupiter X series late last year. I doubt we'll see any new synths from them this week.
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combination\_tone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Combination_tone)
Never is a strong word. We can use modeling to approximate things. Some are just harder than others. Eventually someone will unlock the secrets of saturation and folks in the future will laugh at people using aging electronic devices to do the same thing.
Throw enough processing power at it and you can recreate any effect. Saying you can't is superstition. It's just a matter of some brainiac doing the math and converting it to code and then running it through sufficient hardware. The big factors are effort and cost. People still buy analog synths and other equipment because it is actually easier (relatively speaking) for folks like Moog to do it old school to get that "authentic" sound. But all you have to do is look at what companies like Universal Audio, Eventide, Soundtoys, Roland, etc. are all doing with modeling what used to be done in analog and realize that analog's days are numbered. You could spend tens of thousands chasing a sound and collecting a room of old hardware. Or you could spend less than a thousand and have all of them that are like 99% of the original.
You're right, I should have thought of that one. I was too busy ranting.
The point is that you shouldn't be doing math to set a time interval because like the example, it's too easy to screw it up.
"TimeSpan.FromSeconds(...)" already exists.
For the exact reasons I pointed out. A) Despite how "trivial" this is, the author still got it wrong, and B) I was suggesting several different ways that didn't involve mental gymnastics for reading the author's intention. Pick one, any one, that's better than the original.
You're in luck. The Farming Event starts tomorrow.
Whatever device you typed this on was probably made with cheap labor. Nearly all electronic devices from your TV to your microwave to your phone are manufactured by cheap labor in other countries. Disqualifying Behringer for doing so is ignoring the fact that every synth manufactureris doing it. Yamaha (China): [https://www.yamaha.com/en/about/locations/group\_companies\_worldwide/](https://www.yamaha.com/en/about/locations/group_companies_worldwide/) Roland (China): [https://www.roland.com/global/company/overview/factory\_office/](https://www.roland.com/global/company/overview/factory_office/) Korg (China, Japan, Vietnam): [https://www.korg.com/us/corporate/profile/](https://www.korg.com/us/corporate/profile/) Akai (Taiwan, Japan); [https://www.akaipro.com/support](https://www.akaipro.com/support) I could probably find more, but you get the point. The only exception might be Moog where they are doing final production in the USA, but I'd be willing to bet they source parts from China.
But its hypocrisy to say you wont buy Behringer products for this reason if you buy other synths from manufacturers doing the same. This isn't what about ism, it's about making a consistent argument.
I think we knew this was coming but its good news for modular if it can introduce more people to the drug.
Rule 5. If you're going to make a point, make it. Don't post videos to stir up shit.
This is a strongly worded opinion, but I don't think the intent was malicious. Please be aware that if the mods feel you've crossed the line into personal attacks, your comments will be removed and you may face a temp-ban.
You're fine to have an opinion. If you think that you need to break the rules to share that opinion, you're wrong and we'll just skip to a perma-ban. Be cool, OK? Please.
Damn, that gun made the DLC fun. I wish they had reduced magazine size to 1 or 2 instead. This means you only get 4 or 5 shots before running out of ammo which is just stupid.
Exactly, I would have gladly taken a reload after every shot if it only took 1/2 ammo per shot. Running out of ammo after 4 or 5 shots on top of the reload is terrible.
I'd be more excited about anoint buffs if I could actually get anoints. The few I get are the bullshit ones like increased accuracy while in the air or while sliding.
Dave himself shows off the new Pro 3!
So I can either buy an actual Moog System 55 for $35,000 or I can buy some Behringer modules for less than $1000. Why the hell is everyone letting Behringer drink their milkshake? I'm not of the opinion that Behringer is doing anything wrong. I'm wondering why after the last few years that Moog and and Roland probably saw this coming and let themselves get undercut by a competitor.
Yes, this is the point I was trying to make, thank you. If people want to spend $35k on a boutique model, good on them. But should Moog/Roland let someone else take the low end market while polluting their brand? They can turn up their noses at the plebes who will throw money at Behringer, but B is basically printing money at their expense.
And this is why I've become a plugin addict. I haven't bought any new hardware in quite a while and it was a deliberate choice to do so. I still feel like I have to sometimes go extra steps to include hardware in a track but only if I feel like that extra 10% is going to make the track sound better.
SHUT UP THIS IS WHAT GENIUS LOOKS LIKE
Rule 4
Looks like they threw in everything but an actual sound engine.
Right? A musician getting 10 years out of a $200 instrument, is like a cook getting 10 years out of a $200 commercial microwave. The problem with most SMT components is that the lifetime is usually half of that. The official guarantee period for most SMT components is only 2 years.
Don't use instrument cables for amplification. They can't handle the current, and could melt and start a fire.
You'll need an amplifier and speaker cables (not instrument cables, even though they might use the same size plug).
I was watching football playoffs today and decided to farm Killavolt at the same time. Spent 6 hours doing M3. Not one fucking Transformer. Spent 1 more hour on M4. Got a handful of legendaries. I lost track of the number of times I didn't get any on either difficulty. This event is bullshit because if the drop rates are up, I can't tell. I got better anoint upgrades for grenades out of vending machines.
Spent all afternoon farming Killavolt. Not one Transformer. Saw Moxxi's Bouncing Pair too often to count. (ha)
Spent over 6 hours yesterday farming Killavolt. Not one single Transformer.
I saw 3 at a time only once.
Tracker grenades?
Decent if it were unchanged? This is "Farming Frenzy" whatever the hell that was supposed to imply. Grinding for hours on a dedicated loot pool and not getting it is not what I'd call a frenzy.
Vending machines. The cloning mirv trackers are actually not that rare. That's 6 grenades of heat seeking death.
I dug through this entire thread looking for anyone with solid evidence one way or another. Thank you but this should be a top level comment.
I'm going to hijack the top comment, apologies. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16236866](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16236866) There is no evidence of health reasons for using distilled water. It's safe to use tap water. It's no more dangerous than using a room humidifier with tap water, which people have been doing for decades. Unless your local water supply is already suspect (i.e. Flint Michigan) you're wasting money by buying distilled water. The only reason I see for not using tap water is to protect the tank from mineral build up. Most CPAP suppliers replace the tank every 6 months to a year. If you clean the tank often with anti-bacterial soap, you're not creating an unhealthy environment. The Resmed machines route the air through the tank to humidify the air at the last possible moment, and AFTER it's been through the compressor, which means it's impossible to ruin the machine by using tap water. I have yet to hear a good argument to require distilled water. I think the CPAP companies are just doing this as a CYA move. If you never clean your gear and use filthy water, yeah you might get sick. Tap water itself is not the problem.
Shouldn't a launch go the other direction? LOL
What an ambitious idea. I love it!
That's some interesting info, although I find some of this to be worded strangely. They talk about making sure that operations are 32 bit for neutral operations. Does that mean you should use 32 bits as your bit depth for recording? I've heard that 24 bits is more than enough for dynamic range purposes. Telling people to use the highest bits and sample rate your computer can support is rather vague, considering that they just got done saying quality will suffer below 32 bits. Not to mention that many in the industry believe that over 96kHz is overkill and can introduce unwanted aliasing.
I'm sorry but I disagree. Telling an amateur user that they should use 32 bit @ 192kHz just because their computer &amp; device "support" it, doesn't mean it's necessary or even a good idea. How many threads do you see here every month with people asking for help with latency only to find they are trying to use settings that are too high? [https://sonicscoop.com/2016/02/19/the-science-of-sample-rates-when-higher-is-better-and-when-it-isnt/?singlepage=1](https://sonicscoop.com/2016/02/19/the-science-of-sample-rates-when-higher-is-better-and-when-it-isnt/?singlepage=1) [https://sonicscoop.com/2013/08/29/why-almost-everything-you-thought-you-knew-about-bit-depth-is-probably-wrong/](https://sonicscoop.com/2013/08/29/why-almost-everything-you-thought-you-knew-about-bit-depth-is-probably-wrong/) If you read these articles, you'll probably change your ideas about what is necessary. What I think is interesting about Ableton's "facts" is that they are saying that they test everything for 32 bit for "neutral operations". All DAW's do some kind of up/down sampling for recording and playback when the audio isn't 32 bit. I doubt most users could tell the difference between audio recorded at 24 vs 32 bits. The tradeoff is that you need about 50% more storage for something that the DAW probably already handles for you rather gracefully. When it comes to making recommendations, I think this "facts" page is indeed vague if they can say definitively what the engine is doing and how it affects the audio. Just use the highest settings you can is not helpful and could actually cause problems. EDIT: If you don't even understand what the Nyquist point is, why are you making such an uninformed argument? You clearly didn't read the articles I posted or you'd know. I'm not wasting any more time on you.
That's a silly argument and I can't believe you've been upvoted. How do you define if 32bit/192kHz is "supported" on your computer? How much latency is acceptable? To you? To someone else? For what purpose? It's not an on/off scenario. How many tracks and plugins can you run at once before your machine falls over at those settings? You're suggesting that people use settings that are really high until they fail. And because most musicians are not audio experts, they blame the DAW for the failure. When it's not necessary or even a good idea to do so. That's like saying you should drive as fast as you can unless you crash into a telephone pole, then maybe you should slow down.
The on-side kick is not a special rule, it's a strategy based on existing free kick rules. Giving the losing team an opportunity for a turnover by playing offense is adding a special rule that is unfair to the team that is winning without special treatment. Where is the 4th and 15 attempted? What should happen if they fail? Does the winning team get to keep the ball and where? I already hate it and I hope this idea dies.
Man, I love it when I get to quote people smarter than myself. Thank you for the opportunity. [https://sonicscoop.com/2016/02/19/the-science-of-sample-rates-when-higher-is-better-and-when-it-isnt/?singlepage=1](https://sonicscoop.com/2016/02/19/the-science-of-sample-rates-when-higher-is-better-and-when-it-isnt/?singlepage=1) [http://lavryengineering.com/pdfs/lavry-sampling-theory.pdf](http://lavryengineering.com/pdfs/lavry-sampling-theory.pdf) &gt;*“The notion that more is better may appeal to one’s common sense.* *Presented with analogies such as more pixels for better video, or faster clock to speed computers, one may be misled to believe that faster sampling will yield better resolution and detail. The analogies are wrong. The great value offered by Nyquist’s theorem is the realization that we have ALL the information with 100% of the detail, and no distortions, without the burden of “extra fast” sampling.* &gt; &gt;*“Nyquist pointed out that the sampling rate needs only to exceed twice the signal bandwidth. What is the audio bandwidth? Research shows that musical instruments may produce energy above 20 KHz, but there is little sound energy at above 40KHz. Most microphones do not pick up sound at much over 20KHz. Human hearing rarely exceeds 20KHz, and certainly does not reach 40KHz.* &gt; &gt;***“The above suggests that \[even\] 88.2 or 96KHz would be overkill. In fact all the objections regarding audio sampling at 44.1KHz … are long gone by increasing sampling to about 60KHz.”*** &amp;#x200B; [https://people.xiph.org/\~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html#toc\_1ch](https://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html#toc_1ch) &gt; ***192kHz digital music files offer no benefits. They’re not quite neutral either; practical fidelity is slightly worse. The ultrasonics are a liability during playback.*** &gt; &gt; *(Note that this is not quite the same as the idea of a “phantom fundamental”, an acoustic phenomenon where a series of overtones can “trick” the brain into hearing the missing fundamental. For that to happen, it’s necessary for you to actually* *hear* *those overtones. But for a circuit to introduce intermodulation distortion, hearing the overtones is not necessary.)* [http://www.lavryengineering.com/pdfs/lavry-white-paper-the\_optimal\_sample\_rate\_for\_quality\_audio.pdf](http://www.lavryengineering.com/pdfs/lavry-white-paper-the_optimal_sample_rate_for_quality_audio.pdf) &amp;#x200B; &gt;*“There are reports of better sound with higher sampling rates. No doubt, the folks that like the “sound of a 192KHz” converter hear something.* ***Clearly it has nothing to do with more bandwidth: the instruments make next to no 96KHz sound, the microphones don’t respond to it, the speakers don’t produce it, and the ear can not hear it.*** &gt; &gt;*Moreover, we hear some reports about “some of that special quality captured by that 192KHz is retained when down sampling to 44.1KHz. S****uch reports neglect the fact that a 44.1KHz sampled material can not contain above 22.05KHz of audio…*** &gt; &gt;*The danger here is that people who hear something they like may associate better sound with faster sampling, wider bandwidth, and higher accuracy. This indirectly implies that lower rates are inferior.* &gt; &gt;*Whatever one hears on a 192KHz system can be introduced into a 96KHz system, and much of it into lower sampling rates. That includes any distortions associated with 192KHz gear, much of which is due to insufficient time to achieve the level of accuracy of slower sampling.* &gt; &gt;*There is an inescapable tradeoff between faster sampling on one hand and a loss of accuracy, increased data size and much additional processing requirement on the other hand…* &gt; &gt;***Sampling audio signals at 192KHz is about 3 times faster than the optimal rate. It compromises the accuracy, which ends up as audio distortions.”***
It sounds lovely, but I'm wondering what is the appeal that would cause someone to fork over $3000? I'm thinking the guy with an entire wall of analogue synths is not going to feel this in his wallet, but the rest of us...
&gt;4.6.x will be the final version supporting​ Windows 7 / 8 and macOS 10.11 El Capitan / 10.12 Sierra. Time to upgrade!
Because that only connects 8 devices at one time? You could buy a patch bay and DIY cables for less than the $349 of the MIDI router. And as OP said, it would be easier to patch from the front than the back.
I purchased this. My first impressions are overall positive. However, I'm finding it hard to find settings that aren't overly "springy". I know a spring reverb has a specific signature, but it seems like when I turn this up I hear way too much metallic ringing noise to the point of distraction, like someone is purposefully banging on the spring box. Is there a way to get the "springy" part of the reverb to be more subtle? Or am I just thinking wrongly about this? Is the metallic noise something to work with to shape the sound?
DANG
Yeah, I agree, it was risky but a failure was the equivalent of a short punt on from the middle of the field. The fact that the other team was ready for it means they didn't think it was all that stupid either.
Wait, you implemented a module in a day?
That's impressive. I've toyed with the idea of learning how to do VST programming (I'm already a programmer) and bought a book on it. Would love to know about how you got started, if you wouldn't mind...
Maybe she thought he was an Irish twin?
All of the mods are united on this point.
Repro has been a favorite of mine for years. It's the gold standard of analog emulation, IMO. Massive X is one of those things where it shows a lot of potential, but the final product still feels unfinished. When compared to other plugins, the fact that this was their big 2.0 makes you wonder what's going on over at NI. I've been curious about the Plogue stuff for years. For the longest time they didn't have demos and what little I could hear wasn't that impressive to me. I've been looking for good vocoder type voices and it seems like they all suffer from poor intelligibility (the irony is that vocoding technology was developed to improve phone call quality). If you hadn't put the words on the screen, would anyone have an idea of what he/she/it is singing? That's not a criticism of your work, it's just what it is.
Most of the heads are novelty gimmicks. Like I really want to go around as a horse or a bird.
You made a joke. Not everyone has to like it.
Hey, that's cool, I guess it's just not for me then. Thanks for sharing!
Because they can't make music any one else appreciates so they are limited to being an educator. That's not to say there aren't good music teachers out there, it's just that if you can't make a living on the merits of your skills, the only options left to you are teaching beginners because then it doesn't matter how relevant you are as a musician.
I agree it's a flaw of Reddit's voting system. Proper etiquette states that you should only downvote if someone is not contributing to the discussion or has said something especially heinous. Downvoting by opinion shouldn't happen, but it does, and there's nothing we can do about it. If you're not sure why people are downvoting you, maybe take a sec and rethink what you said and try to imagine how it could be interpreted as something negative. Regardless, if it bothers you, just delete the comment and chalk it up to human weirdness or phase of the moons or whatever. It's only imaginary points.
This thread has been locked because we're tired of cleaning up the toxic back and forth here. Be good to each other, please.
Let me know when someone invents a bus/train that can go to every house in the suburb while keeping the commute under an hour. I already take the train and it's 90 minutes each way because I have to drive 15 minutes to the local station and walk another 10 minutes from the destination station. That's literally 45 minutes of my day gone just getting to/from the train that is keeping my car off the road.
This is true now with non native English speakers. I've worked with a lot of people who learned English elsewhere. It's a little surprising when I hear someone from else speaking with a British accent. But it would be wild to hear an Asian person speak with an Irish accent.
This is a two year old article in a language most of us don't speak and we don't know if this represents the current conditions of workers or employees of Behringer. This has been presented before in this sub and discussed to death. If you wish to discuss this, please remain civil and refrain from personal attacks. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.gearnews.com/behringer-midifan-and-the-music-tribe-city-factory-strike-uli-takes-to-facebook/](https://www.gearnews.com/behringer-midifan-and-the-music-tribe-city-factory-strike-uli-takes-to-facebook/)
If you've got a link with proof, I"m all ears. EDIT: I put a link in the sticky comment.
Seems like you'd put something like this in a nicer place than a stairwell where everyone is rushing by not looking at it.
Why didn't you link that instead? Now I have to make a ruling on whether to keep your post based on rules 4 and 5.
I like this idea. But don't set it on a timer, have some kind of reset button that the player can choose to activate. When the DLC came out, Freddie could be farmed by fast travel. Every boss should have this.
I agree. Rare spawns are pointless and punish your players for no good reason.
You just can no longer single out a particular entity for rate/volume limiting unless you can demonstrate malicious intent.
I think the only way LinkedIn could change this is if they went with a paid service, where only members could access the data. They could then define the terms of service to prevent scraping.
Samples from Mars will cover all your drum sample needs. All the drums for only $29! [https://samplesfrommars.com/products/all-the-drums](https://samplesfrommars.com/products/all-the-drums) I like to use XLN's Addictive Drums library Reel Machines because it lets me tweak each drum sound beyond a simple sample. Probably overkill if you want just drum machine sounds. Probably want to wait for a sale.
A fantastic setup propped up on a folding table with a plastic patio chair. This man has clear priorities!
Hey, you do you. I have a small Ikea desk I've gotten years of mileage out of. If you can get music out of this while being comfortable, who am I to judge? But as a person with back issues, I cringe. A good chair will save your health.
Electrical tape is smooth and glossy. How is that not slippery?
Yeah, it would be nice if there were more specific on what is considered a rare chest. Any red chest, I assume?
On the first playthrough, all of the enemies are scaled to their location in the game and the quests associated with them. The game is intended to be challenging all the way through, so if you're trying to rush through the main story it's going to be very difficult at times. Go do all the sidequests for the current area and I guarantee the main story quests will get easier. If you're looking for better guns, find all of the Typhon longs on the current map to get the Typhon loot drop that usually includes blues and purples appropriate to the level of that map. The starting guns are TERRIBLE so you'll just have to rely on skill until the RNG blesses you with some better stuff. The guns really don't starting getting fun until level 30 or so. To zoom in on a gun, select the item in your backpack then do the action for inspecting a gun. On Xbox is clicking the right thumb stick. There should be a hint at the bottom of the screen for that.
Gotta read the fine print. &gt;Rare Spawn enemies will also show up more often\*, and we’re temporarily boosting the Anointed and Legendary drop rates! For the next two weeks, every boss in the game has boosted drop rates, including the Takedown at the Maliwan Blacksite bosses! What doesn't increase are the drop rates of specific items and I think that has led to a lot of confusion. On the plus side, it only took about a dozen tries to get the Electric Banjo from the Billys. I got two Red Line shotguns from Road Hog, one with a godly anoint, as well as an Epicenter with a great Amara anoint. On the minus side, I farmed Killavolt for days hoping for an anointed Transformer and I never even got a plain one. Then I hit up Graveward and got a plain Transformer on the first try. In the meantime, I saw a fuck ton of anoints on blue, purples, and legendaries that I didn't care for. My buddy and I did Wotan M4 and we both had nearly 20 legendaries drop by the end, and I only had one with an anoint that I cared about and the rest was garbage. I actually got a Monacle with a bonus to damage while in the air. WTF EDIT: [https://imgur.com/DUY01xC](https://imgur.com/DUY01xC)
This is true of synths in general for me. I own a plethora of plugin synths and just keep most hardware for nostalgia. VCV Rack is cool because I got to try modular without having to spend any money.
Ah, I was assuming B3 for some reason. Forgot which sub I was in. B1 is an entirely different game.
If you go to a different map then come back, does that work too? Or is a save/quit/load required to reset the chests?
Depending on my mood, I've actually done this. I'm so sick of getting stuck behind people doing the zombie crabwalk shuffle while staring at their phone.
Cool, thanks for making such a great contribution!
Did you read the article? Troop E no longer exists as an outcome of this investigation. They are actively planning on firing those that haven't already retired and they are seeking repayment.
I think it depends on the University, but in my own experience many CS professors are, to put it nicely, some really odd ducks. Most tenured profs have little to no experience developing commercial software and are entirely focused on the science itself. They are consumed with the theory and development of the field, and not so much about turning out a working class of programmers. For my undergrad, my advising professor had office hours on Tuesdays from 7a-8a. Many grad students were of the same ilk. I've had jobs where we interviewed PhD's who discuss the complicated math and algorithms behind machine learning, but couldn't program "Hello World" to save their lives. The best instructors I had were adjuncts who were actually working real jobs. The best mentors I've had were my fellow coworkers. I like my job and glad I didn't give up despite the weirdness of CS in schools. People wonder why there aren't more women in CS - it's extremely weird even for males to traverse as an education so it's no wonder folks can get so turned off from it. The idea that you "just get it" is more about a gatekeeping culture than a genuine effort to produce the next generation of scientists.
Calming and beautiful. Thanks for sharing.
Any MIDI ports or CV plugged in when this happens? A quick peek at the manual shows that you can assign front panel controls to MIDI CC messages that could be giving you some kind of feedback loop or echo of messages. I'd try to do a reset on the machine. Otherwise, contact the good folks at Moog who have probably seen this before.
Wow, it actually sounds really good to me. Those envelopes are so snappy it makes it sound drum-like at times.
I see you finally bought the MT-32.
I just rewatched it after having not seen it since its theater release. It took me two separate viewings because after the first 45 minutes I had to turn it off so it wouldn't rot my brain all at once. I thought it rather disturbing as a child, and even then knew how bad the science of it was. Adult me couldn't believe how bad the science was. There are story elements with potential, but the overall execution of this movie is horrible and irredeemable. It's straight up terrible. People are romanticizing this movie for the wrong reasons. I can understand loving some sci-fi campiness, but this movie takes itself too seriously while overlooking the obvious flaws and the fans seem to do so as well. Like you, I'm puzzled as to why people keep bringing it up to talk about it like it's some kind of rare gem. It's anything but, and the cult following is very strange. I love all things Disney and all things sci-fi, but this movie belongs in "The Vault" and should never have come back out again.
I can believe a terrible movie got made, but it's hard to fathom that Disney marketed this horror to kids.
I'm pretty sure this is proof God doesn't exist, or Trump would have been smited (?) with lightning on the spot. I'm surprised the Bible didn't set his hands on fire.
I'll be honest, I find it impressive you still have the box from the first one in order to show it next to the new one. It's like you really went out of your way to flaunt rule 4. Your comment was a recap of its basic features. At least take it out of the box. Hook up some cables and pretend to have it working. Do something that provokes discussion.
This meme needs to retire.
I've only had a little time to try mine, but I do love the sound of it. My biggest gripe is that the sound design aspects are a bit limited. But then I remember that it has way more options than an 808 or anything similar. I'm still hoping that they'll add per step modulation of the different sounds in a future firmware update. That would be insane.
Please be civil. As with any other topic, we fully expect that people respect their fellow humans. RULE 1 is in full effect. Any violations will be removed and offenders will likely receive some kind of ban. EDIT: The mods have decided to lock this thread because a) the assertion proved to be mostly untrue and OP has apologized for it and b) this has devolved into a political shouting match. While we hope to refrain from censoring discussion topics related to synthesizers, we will be closely monitoring future threads to make sure that posts and comments adhere to both the spirit and the letter of Rule 1.
I've been a long time fan of Sweetwater because they've always gone out of their way to make sure that I was taken care of with every purchase. My own personal feeling is that you should carefully consider boycotting an entire company over the actions of one its executives, because you may be unfairly punishing the employees who do not share the same opinions or values. Additionally, I'd like to point out that he supported Joseph Donnelly (D) in that same year 2016. We don't know if or how much he has contributed to either since then. A lot of folks have had a chance to change their minds about Trump and others with this election cycle. Finally, Mr. Surack has contributed to many charitable organizations, including Easter Seals, Boy Scouts, and various music related organizations. He appears to be a genuinely good person. Unlike some other assholes whose names rhyme with Shmeringer and deserve to be vilified, I'm not going to rush to judgment based on a single campain contribution. I'd like to assume that this one in 2016 were just part of the GOP tradition and not an endorsement of Trump's present actions. Calls for a boycott seem like an overreaction. Maybe you should let your rep know how you feel and ask them to pass it on up the chain. That would probably do more good than simply buying elsewhere.
I agree. I'm not a fan of DT, but I think it's an overreaction to boycott a great company over a single donation 4 years ago.
I demand civility. Life is full of differing opinions and controversy. They can coexist.
If you actually read the link provided, you'd see that Mr. Surack did indeed contribute to a Democrat's campaign in the same year. Which was 4 years ago. Personally, I would hope that he would change his mind about this election.
This is the best suggestion.
You can't characterize such a large group of people without indirectly attacking a lot of people here. Choose your words carefully.
If we are to judge knowing what we know NOW, then I'd be likely to agree with you. It's easy to judge in hindsight. Which is why you should let your SW rep know how you feel about who they may support in the future.
I'm not going to argue semantics or split hairs on this topic. Your words were designed to be inflammatory and a personal attack. That's not allowed.
I'm not going to disagree, but I'd like to think that many thought that he would be merely incompetent and not a complete dumpster fire. I still can't believe that he survived the "grab 'em by the pussy" comment. Campaigns have died for much less.
Dang, I actually requested the catalog because I stopped getting it. I'm old and weird that way.
Reddit is a reflection of its users. We can't control people's votes. You can control yours. I hope that people would upvote generously when people add new content or discussions, and use downvotes sparingly for negative attitudes and behavior. As always, report rulebreakers to the mods. Thanks!
The title should be "I Have Spoken". What a missed opportunity.
He would have to take a knee on Sunday for me to believe he means it.
The main purpose of a racked line input mixer is to give you a way to merge line-level signals in a live setup. I've owned one or two and they are much cheaper than a proper mixer with EQ on each channel. The FX sends are a neat bonus because you could essentially create your own stage monitor mix that way if you needed to. I have a proper 16 channel mixer for my current home setup and I'll tell you that I have never once used an EQ knob as part of my recording process (I can do it better in the DAW), but would kill for more sends and groups to make it more flexible in routing to my 8 channel audio interface. I've even considered replacing my mixer with just a patch bay because that is just about all I use it for these days.
I see a ton of used mixing consoles in music shops these days and even more on Reverb, quite often under $200. Seems like since everyone is working out of the box or moving to digital mixers, analog mixers can be had for next to nothing.
But that's what people actually ask around here, and often. I don't think OP is trying to confuse the two, but a lot of folks do ask those questions.
Clickbait title, since the article never mentions her neck at all.
All I can think of is how trusting she is to wear that thing while some dude is in charge of the arm. I can imagine this thing just smacking her accidentally. This thing would also take the "Stop hitting yourself" joke to new levels.
Their facism is their "religious freedom".
DC is not part of any state or commonwealth. If this were Virginia for example, the Governor of Virginia would have the legal right to recall the National Guard or any other federal troops. IANAL, so I'm not sure what legal battles would ensue if the DC Mayor ordered federal troops to get off her lawn. Or literal battles for that matter.
It's only $20. I would imagine that the DLC will offer more depth. It's far more depth and play-ability than what we got in Sea of Thieves.
Exactly. We only allow use of language features and patterns that help readability.
It's the latest feature in Serum. You can now modulate nodes on an LFO.
Maybe he should have played WR instead so that someone would be open that play. LOL
Sometimes doing the right thing is inconvenient. Sometimes something is so important it needs to invade our thoughts 24/7 to shake us out of complacency. Sometimes making sure that people aren't being assaulted or killed for being a person of color means you have to put down talking about something you love for a bit. If turning off this reddit for 5 days bothered you, you might need to ask why that bothers you as much as or perhaps more than the fight for justice.
Was expecting some Van Halen.
I still can't get anything fun or useful out of my Circuit. I say this every time this topic comes up, so I suppose I should just sell it instead of hoping that someday I'll make it work somehow.
I wish the game would let us zoom in/out at our own discretion.
I just mean in general. The camera gets rather close at times, and other times it appears to zoom out. It can be artificially claustrophobic at times. The worst is when youre traveling "down" the screen and the isometric view means you can only see 2 steps ahead. Thats just dumb.
Please use the stickied thread for this discussion.
It looks like the info may have been leaked. If you look at the cached version of the page, there was actually real info up on their site for a while. [https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:BF4iNMS8XFwJ:https://www.waldorfmusic.com/en/iridium+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us](https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:BF4iNMS8XFwJ:https://www.waldorfmusic.com/en/iridium+&amp;cd=1&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=us) &amp;#x200B; ## Overview Waldorf Iridium has made the impossible possible. The mighty synth engine from Quantum is now available in a compact form. Tracing the footsteps of its bigger brother, Iridium features all the synthesis elements of Quantum as well in a rack-compatible format. The combination of the powerful engine, incredible flexibility and detailed sound shaping facilities creates sheer endless possibilities of sound. Yet, the comprehensive layout and easy-to-understand structure lets you design your own sounds in no time. Sporting a solid metal casing and the same high level of craftsmanship like Quantum, Iridium is now ready to take over studios and stages throughout the world. Contributing another entry in Waldorf's rich history, Iridium joins the family as a direct descendant of the PPG Wave. Though, Iridium offers much more than its ancestor. Five different synthesis models are provided by Iridum for each of the three oscillators: * Wavetable * Waveform (Virtual Analog) * Particle (Sampling and Granular Sampling) * Resonator * Kernels Kernel mode has been introduced with the OS 2.0 of Quantum. This huge upgrade allows one oscillator to be turned into up to six sub oscillators. These can be interlinked through FM at audio rate and arranged in user-definable constellations. Just this upgrade alone would have provided enough additional features to create a synthesizer on its own. Now, all those functions have been integrated into Iridium as well. Up to 7000 patches can be saved in Iridium. Patches from Quantum can be loaded in Iridium and vice-versa. Iridium features three digital filters per voice. Two in the Dual Filter section and another one in the Digital Former. Several types are available to choose from: * 12 or 24dB and Lowpass/Highpass/Bandpass with optional saturation or dirtiness. * Various filter models are available including those from Waldorf Nave, Largo and PPG 3V. * The Dual Filter section can be controlled independently or together in several different link modes. * The Digital Former offers all the filter types and models from the Dual Filter plus unusual models like Comb, Drive, Bitcrusher and more in addition. All filters retain a true stereo signal throughout the entire structure of the instrument. **Up and down, back and forth** 6 Envelopes, 6 LFOs and many more are just waiting for being used as sources in the 40 slots of the Modulation Matrix. Each slot has one additional control amount. Modulations can be directed to almost every numerical value in Iridium. All sources and destinations can be used as many times as desired until the Modulation Matrix is full. If you ever happen to run out of LFOs or Envelopes, you can use the Komplex Modulator for generating a custom shape LFO or Envelope. **Complex, but not complicated** Even though Iridium features a staggering amount of parameters to control, everything is organized in a logic structure which is easy to master. The major controls have their own dedicated knob, while the rest is accessible through the touch screen and the encoders around. There are no long menus keeping you from doing what you had planned. Instead, you will find a workflow which you will soon miss on other synthesizers. **Hands-on** Embedded in the front panel, a 4x4 silicon pad matrix invites you to launch notes, chords, arpeggios and sequences with up to 32 steps for notes and multiple parameter lines. Direct access to the parameters is granted by the seven encoders to the left and the right hand side of the touch screen. **Take a look inside!** Iridiums large color touch screen keeps you informed at all times. Upon moving a knob, Iridium gives you an optical feedback of your changes in real-time. Filter curves move, Particle grain sizes change, Envelopes warp and much more: * Komplex Modulator curves can be drawn with your finger * Envelopes show at which point the voices currently are * Wavetables are displayed in comprehensive view modes * VU meters show which voices are used and the individual voice levels * Different Analyzers show the audio signal at different points **Get connected** Two Audio Outputs allow you to listen to Iridium, while two Inputs allow Iridium to process external signals. 4 CV inputs plus Gate In and Trigger In are ready to forward external signals to the Mod Matrix. Furthermore, Clock In and Clock Out will get your gear in sync. MIDI connections can be made through USB and DIN MIDI. Iridium is also equipped with a USB Host port for MIDI devices. This port also handles data exchange, in addition to the MicroSD card slot. Once again, Waldorf have underlined their status with a new and exciting synthesizer. Iridium is designed, constructed and made in Germany. All components used are industrial grade quality to create a reliable studio device that is made to last for many years. Iridium has been released and is now available from a dealer near you. Please inquire at our [distributor for your country](https://www.waldorfmusic.com/en/international-distributors).
&gt;Dear Friends, &gt; &gt;After much personal reflection in the last week and in response to the homicide of George Floyd, as well as the killings of Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, Eric Garner and other people of color, I'd like to take a few moments to share some thoughts with our valued customers and friends. We are heartbroken for the families of victims and we share in the anger and outrage so many of you feel. &gt; &gt;I recognize that it's impossible for me to know what it feels like to be black in our country. I have never been judged or mistreated because of the color of my skin. I have never experienced injustices perpetrated upon me because I didn't look like the majority. I haven't had to deal with the fears and anxieties that many in our community and nation are now experiencing and have been subject to for so long. &gt; &gt;Simply put, we are not where we need to be. I am saddened that we haven't yet arrived at a point in our nation where daily discrimination no longer occurs. It's unacceptable when anyone is treated with anything less than complete respect. It's even more reprehensible when these injustices occur due to the persistent stain of racism. I strongly denounce racism and condemn organizations, leaders, and individuals, from Washington DC to anywhere in the country or world, who seek to divide or otherwise undermine our collective humanity. It is also for this reason that I will not be supporting any candidates in the upcoming national election - especially those who deal in divisive rhetoric. &gt; &gt;In the midst of the pain we are currently experiencing as a nation, however, I have hope. At Sweetwater, we talk frequently about doing the right thing. That includes an unwavering commitment to treating every person fairly and with respect — regardless of age, race, sexual orientation, creed, religion, or political party. From our beginning, we have vigorously upheld a strict policy of anti-discrimination at Sweetwater and will not tolerate discrimination of any kind within our company. Period. &gt; &gt;For my entire life, I have personally given time and financial support to a number of local and national organizations dedicated to creating unity and more opportunities for diverse voices of all ages. In just the past five years, this includes donations in excess of $4,000,000 to organizations such as the Unity Performing Arts Foundation, Boys &amp; Girls Club, Fort Wayne Community Schools, Little Kids Rock, Fort Wayne UNITED, the Imani Temple Annual Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration, and the Jaylon Smith Minority Entrepreneurship Institute, as well as additional contributions to many others. &gt; &gt;I recognize there is still much work to be done. My hope is that we can all play peaceful roles in doing what we can to bring about justice and better understanding. I feel that one of the best places to start is to take the time to connect with others. Some of the most rewarding moments I've had are when I've sat with, listened to, and walked in support of those who are hurting and bringing about positive change. Learning from and working for the good of the black community has long been important to me. &gt; &gt;At Sweetwater, we are blessed to be a part of a music industry that has long benefited from the contributions of African Americans and other diverse voices. Music would not be what it is today without the contributions of legends like Marvin Gaye, Aretha Franklin, James Brown, Ella Fitzgerald, Miles Davis, Ray Charles, Jimi Hendrix, Diana Ross, and so many others. These individuals so often used their music to help bring others together in a spirit of unity. Now more than ever, let's heed their guidance and work together to generate even more hope and lasting change. In the words of the great Stevie Wonder, "We all have ability. The difference is how we use it." &gt; &gt;Sincerely, &gt; &gt;📷 &gt; &gt;Chuck SurackFounder and CEOSweetwater
We feel that people that should discuss in a civil manner. Be kind to your fellow humans. And sorry for the typo in the title. "Chuck Surack"
I presume to power air tools and machinery?
RIP = "rest in peace" - or is this some internet meme?
No. It was shopped from propaganda against mp3s. [http://www.modernhumorist.com/mh/0004/propaganda/mp3.php](http://www.modernhumorist.com/mh/0004/propaganda/mp3.php)
This is why I get upset about people voting on litmus test politics. I have relatives who would NEVER vote Democrat simply because of the pro-file vs. pro-choice issue. Literally nothing else matters, and we got Trump largely due to people voting with blinders on.
That's silly.
SO is very keen on making sure that questions are specific and fairly unique and that they can be answered concretely and factually. People there a fanatical about removing anything that doesn't fit that criteria. Asking how to write a bassline, or any other musical opinion, has no definitive answer because art is art. Even if it's a technical question, there is a lot of wiggle room as to the right answer when it comes to producing music.
Note that this is a pre-order for July 17, 2020.
You're right. I should proofread my titles before clicking the POST button.
Yes, there are lots of people who would never vote for a Republican for similar issues. Which is why a 2 party system is really terrible and divisive.
You need to install the ASIO drivers from Scarlett.
Thats amazing!
Still waiting for the 3rd book. I think Patrick wrote a story he didnt know how to finish.
It's small enough you could probably find a flight-worthy camera case or a handgun case. Get one with the foam squares that you cut out yourself to fit the shape. EDIT: something like this... [https://www.harborfreight.com/5800-weatherproof-protective-rolling-carry-on-case-x-large-64819.html](https://www.harborfreight.com/5800-weatherproof-protective-rolling-carry-on-case-x-large-64819.html)
Playstationinator 9000. With self-destruct button.
" People get stuck on what it's not and miss out on what it is. " It's a great collection of plugins of famous Roland synths running on specialized hardware that costs $2500. It's the Roland Cloud (Zen-Core) in a keyboard. I've been a life-long Roland fan. It's hard for me to get excited about having to choose to spend between $200+ a year for buggy software I can't keep or $2500 for hardware that is the same thing. The tiny screen (it's 2020 FFS) and generic knobs &amp; sliders make sound design a chore. This will be a preset machine for most folks who buy one, and a very expensive one at that.
Not to price shame, but gosh that seems terribly expensive for a desk. Maybe I should go into the desk making business. Looks like they use the same plywood boards for everything and layer them in places to give the illusion of thickness.
I still can't believe that people in 2020 don't know The Onion is satire. It's like people need a guided tour when experiencing the internet for the first time.
I still liked it even though I was hugely disappointed that the ending didn't involve the Borg at all. Picard won by making a last-second emotional plea. I was certain that he was going to somehow become the embodiment of human/machine that would bridge the two and bring peace. But they waited until after it was all over to cram him into a robot. Most fans seem to have predicted a better ending than what we actually got. It was a waste. This show does indeed deserve better.
GS is poorly moderated and full of angry people who insult each other. What do you expect? I have a love/hate relationship with Roland lately. I've been a fan of a lot of their products and have bought my share, and still use them. Their latest offerings disappoint me. Charging premium prices for plugins in a box isn't innovative, and the Cloud is a buggy mess. When your fans are asking for genuine remakes and you give them this instead. I hope they figure this out.
I'm sure your bro is just messing with you at this point to give you material, but I'm honestly kind of triggered because I used to hear this kind of talk in church while I was growing up. LOL
Serum or Pigments will get you an incredible education on what kind of synths appeal to you.
I have both the 225 and a Mini. I've had no issues. I bought the 225 because after playing every controller at GC, the Akai series had the best feel on the keybeds and overall quality. That's a real shame.
When I check their site, ALL OF THEIR PRODUCTS go to a 404 page. I think the web site is just broken at the moment. You might try again after the weekend.
What make/model of case?
GREAT ST ANDREW THAT IS RIDICULOUS
Pollen is not a black color. That looks like some kind of pollutant. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List\_of\_pollen\_sources](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_pollen_sources)
It was designed as a long-range bomber escort (B-29's) with 2000+ mile range. It set a record for flying from New York to Hawaii, 5000 miles, in 14 hours. The dual cockpit allowed alternate shifts, although some models had the second seat provide radar assistance. The tails are longer which allowed for more fuel to be stored in the fuselages.
It's definitely a long shot kind of bet that the company will recover. Suppose you grab a some shares at $1 and it goes back to $15, you've made a huge win. As for the health of the stock market, the idea that people invest in a stock because of it's trade value is what makes the market so...silly. Ideally, people should invest long-term in companies that are profitable and pay dividends. Investing in the hopes of selling for more than you paid for it is a weird kind of musical chairs only with money.
It was hard enough flying to Hawaii commercial with a layover in SF. Still took 14 hours. At least I had internet, snacks and a bathroom!
Athletes today are so much faster but the main reason is technical. NFL films originally shot at 32 frames per second to purposefully slow down the action. A lot of their highlight reels are purposefully slowed down to make the action more dramatic. [https://www.videomaker.com/article/8664-shooting-sports-the-nfl-films-model#:\~:text=Indeed%20their%20style%20of%20film,at%2032%20frames%20per%20second.](https://www.videomaker.com/article/8664-shooting-sports-the-nfl-films-model#:~:text=Indeed%20their%20style%20of%20film,at%2032%20frames%20per%20second.)
He used to do his work on Twitch and I really enjoyed it. It's been 3 years...
I don't understand the appeal of a Boba Fett series. We already have the Mandalorian. Plus we know how Boba ends (unless you're into conspiracy theories of him surviving ROTJ).
I hope it's going to be some kind of flashback then, because it seems like they will be again resurrecting a character to retread/romanticize him. I haven't yet made it to the end of Clone Wars, but I have strong reservations about reviving Darth Maul. That's some soap opera comic book levels of resurrecting dead characters.
Dividends \*should\* be the reason people choose buy stock (invest) in a company. Yes, if you expect a company to be more profitable in the future, you can expect the stock value to go up. You should get out when the profits cease and the stock value drops (or you want to cash out and retire). I compared it to a weird musical chairs, because the expected dividend payout of most shares is way too low to justify the share price, and the only way to make a profit in your own lifetime is to sell out before things go badly. You don't want to be the person who is stuck with a stock with no sale value and no dividends (the guy without the chair when the music stops).
8 stereo inputs is a 16 channel interface. There are certainly some out there, but most don't have knobs per channel for live mixing, although there's usually a virtual mixer that can be controlled by your computer or a DAW. Getting that many inputs into a single rack space will severely limit your options. It will be cheaper and easier to chain 2 eight channel interfaces than try to get all 16 in one. MOTU has their 16a. At $1500, it's not cheap and requires a computer or an iPad for mixing functions. [https://motu.com/products/avb/16a](https://motu.com/products/avb/16a) Presonus has their StudioLive 16 channel, but it also requires a device for mixing and some of the inputs are on the front and some on the back because it's intended for stage setups which is probably not ideal for hooking up devices in a rack. [https://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/SL16R--presonus-studiolive-16r-16-channel-rackmount-digital-mixer](https://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/SL16R--presonus-studiolive-16r-16-channel-rackmount-digital-mixer) You might consider a more affordable 8 channel interface and a 1/4" patchbay. Record 4 units in stereo, then record the other 4 units in stereo. You could use everything in mono for live performances. If you're dead set on recording everything at once, you should consider getting a digital mixer with a built-in audio interface. You'd then have something more flexible with room to grow. And you could use an affordable line mixer for stage stuff.
But he's not wrong. If you had limited your DAW experience to a handful of dedicated instruments, 1 track per, you'd have the same setup minus the knob per function. I'm not saying you're wrong to do what you did, but it seems that the frequent argument is that some people must physically limit themselves in order to inspire creativity. As someone who grew up without a DAW and was limited to a single synth or maybe two with a humble sequencer and the occasional borrowing of an 8-track tape, it still strikes me as odd that we should have an embarrassment of riches and folks will say that its somehow crippling. OTOH, I think what is missing from the virtual setup is the feeling that you're playing actual instruments, that you're playing and recording music as opposed to "working on a computer". I suppose if someone can crack that nut by revolutionizing DAW based production to make it feel more like performing music, they'd probably make a bazillion dollars.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/synthesizers/comments/haou22/princes\_purple\_rain\_yamaha\_dx7\_synth\_is\_up\_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/synthesizers/comments/haou22/princes_purple_rain_yamaha_dx7_synth_is_up_for/) You can add your links there.
Rules 4 and 5.
This is the only gaming community I've ever seen where a patch does a metric ton of buffs on every game item and the response is crickets. WTF
You failed to mention the MPC One in your original post, BTW. It's definitely a worthy piece of gear and is capable of quite a lot. I just find it interesting that the MPC's are in essence a custom computer for sampling and recording and even arranging. The dedication to a singular purpose seems to go a long ways in getting people back into feeling like they are creating music as opposed to working with a computer. I have a Roland VS-1680 which is kind of similar, but maybe because it's not an instrument in addition to being a recording tool, I certainly don't feel inspired to use it over my DAW.
Amazon just delivered the album Tom Petty's Damn the Torpedoes. It was shipped in a plastic bag with no reinforcements, and not a cardboard vinyl mailer. There are some mild wrinkles on the top of the outer sleeve. I haven't opened the shrinkwrap so I have no idea if the vinyl itself is undamaged. Would you return it?
Just had an album shipped from Amazon and it came in a plastic bag. No cardboard reinforcement, just the bag. Not even a padded bag. I'm astonished that it's not severely damaged, but there are minor wrinkles in the top of the outer sleeve and the beginnings of a circle crease around the top of the top. I can't tell if this is the quality you get when you spend $16, or it was damaged in shipment. I haven't opened the shrinkwrap, so the vinyl itself may be fine. Even if I don't return it, I plan on complaining to Amazon about the shipping. Would you return it? Or just chalk it up to a $16 deal? EDIT: Scheduled a return. Amazon makes it so easy to do so, I realized I shouldn't accept damaged goods.
Now this is analog. That's some tasty distortion.
You might also check out /r/synthDIY. Great community in there.
Did you read the twitter replies? There are Buccs fans actually complaining about having both Brady and Gronk on their team. Wrap your noodle around that if you can.
14+ inputs, multiple outs, dedicated knobs, 1U, audio interface. I don't think such a thing exists. As I and others have mentioned, you'll probably need two somethings to do this job.
Honestly, I'm trying to wrap my brain around someone having a $6k+ synth on a coffee table surrounded by kids' toys and a glass bong on the floor while a child is running around the room.
I find it ironic and incredibly stupid that people would romanticize someone who got himself killed by repeating his mistake. Good for the locals to end this moronic behavior.
But not all comparisons are dealing with numeric comparisons or numeric ranges. This syntax is probably a best effort supporting all object types. But I think other languages can do what you suggest, so I would imagine this could be done as an improvement to the feature.
Was once playing in a work tourney and we had a "fifth" who was a rider only. We had a group of old locals AHEAD OF US call the martial 3 times even though we were waiting on them at every tee. Some folks are just royal assholes because they are old and grumpy and have nothing better to do. Somehow we were infringing on their happiness by having an extra person in our group even though it was impossible for us to slow them down.
It's amazing how facing your own death brought about by your own stupidity brings clarity. Sure, he may have had some interesting thoughts about life and finding yourself, but I think that a lot of his readers really missed the point if they think that they somehow feel the need to repeat his mistake. He was an idiot and let's not mince words about it. Idolizing him is the problem.
I wonder if the 5U stuff installed in his studio now is from this setup? Is there some kind of record for being the longest original owner of a synth? [https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/yp3w7/just\_a\_photo\_of\_hans\_zimmers\_studio\_i\_expected/](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/yp3w7/just_a_photo_of_hans_zimmers_studio_i_expected/)
I'm not seeing a coupon for this.
I got a starter drum setup when buying Cakewalk years ago and they are probably best known for the drums, which are very good. But don't miss out on the keys, which are some of the best pianos out there for the money. I sold my Yamaha CP-70 after buying the electric grand plugin. The RC-20 is one of the best coloration plugins for the money.
[http://www.muzines.co.uk/articles/no-presets-allowed/1639](http://www.muzines.co.uk/articles/no-presets-allowed/1639) He talks about buying the synth from Tangerine Dream. This pic was from the 80's.
&gt;100% peak-reddit response Wow.
They made it pretty clear that they want their app store apps to run on your laptop or desktop as well. This is just another power move to consolidate their ecosystem to charge developers for being on their platform. How long before every app has to be sold on their store where they get a cut? Fuck Apple.
What course? Seems like an awesome thing.
Hans bought this synth from Tangerine Dream.
The Elektron Analog Rytm is around $1600 new. $2k is not crazy considering what the Tempest is/was, but it does limit your market. Would love to see a more budget friendly line of gear from them.
I'm weird. I want analog drums and could care less about DAW-like features. It would be cool if they could make a Tempest Lite that was just the analog sound generation and let me worry about the sequencing and FX externally. But I doubt you could sell a drum machine these days without a decent sequencer built-in.
Its an analog drum machine. Adding a sample engine would have made it even more expensive.
I got an Impact for $200, but it doesnt have near the features of a Tempest. Its like comparing a Corolla and a Ferrari.
I was a subscriber to Keyboard mag back then. I couldn't remember a front-cover ad for this EVER, let alone 2 years of it, so I suspected it was fake right away.
Sorry, but this is a silly argument. Why not just ride a horse then, or a bicycle? They all get you there eventually, right? Why did you buy an analog drum machine then? You should have just bought a Roland MC-101 or a used sample drum machine for cheap and gotten more "function" out of it. Grab a mic and sample yourself beat-boxing. Who even needs a drum machine?
That might be the thing to get me into modular.
It's an interesting concept: event-based programming. It's not that far from functional programming to a degree. I kind of worry about their "unit test" or "flight plan". I would expect my code to work EVERY time not just most of the time. It almost seems like they are expecting that events may occur in random order which could lead to different outcomes? That doesn't sound like a good strategy to me. Events only occur moving forward in time.
Some things are out of stock. Will they still honor the code/coupon? EDIT: I got through the checkout with the 40th Anniversary of Star Wars for $70 and the Force Awakens set for $17. $12 shipping. Both were out of stock, so we'll see how long it takes.
It is/was one of the best perks of the Digital Scope. Proof: [https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/b2gaod/any\_sharpshooters\_out\_there\_unlock\_the\_digital/](https://www.reddit.com/r/thedivision/comments/b2gaod/any_sharpshooters_out_there_unlock_the_digital/) I don't know why OP is getting crap for this. This was one of those perks that made a specialization really shine. People who are used to spray and pray will not appreciate how useful this was.
OH FFS. This is not a realistic shooter by any stretch.
And getting shot several dozen times before collapsing is realistic, right? Getting revived with a wristwatch is totally real. It's a video game about guns that doesn't even approach reality. What a stupid argument.
&gt;Presonus Studiolive 32R This is geared towards being more of a stage-friendly device. For folks who want a studio device, the front facing jacks are kind of a nuisance. I'd much rather they all be line level inputs on the back.
I left a job after 2 weeks because the manager caused a developer to burst into tears during a standup where 3 different project managers had been badgering her as to why their 3 different projects weren't finished. I knew that at some point, I would be next to be yelled at.
The other devs threw me a going away lunch party. They all said they wish that they could leave too. I told them that was entirely up to them, that they could find other jobs. They all made excuses about why they couldn't leave. It was just confirmation to me of why I couldn't stay with a team who enabled bad management. You always share a part of the blame for working in a bad job. There are extreme cases where some things are out of your control, but choosing to work for a bad boss is entirely something that can be changed by you.
I hate it when targets start shooting back!
Assistant project manager who won't even take a proper call. LOL I would have hung up on someone trying to pull that shit with me. Also, what the hell does an assistant project manager do that the actual project manager is too busy for? haha
Fun!
I bought a Yamaha CP-70 for $800 about 10 years ago. It was in excellent condition and didn't look it had ever been on the road and only in studios and I kept it tuned and maintained. Last year I finally sold it to a local recording studio for $1200. It took almost a year to find a buyer because it couldn't be shipped because it weighed 200 pounds even though it could be disassembled into two "portable" pieces. But considering that same model was advertised at over $2000 in LA and Nashville, I felt like I was asking for a fair price. 10 years of use and I still made 50% profit on it. Just gotta find the right buyer sometimes.
That still strikes me as heavy for a desktop synth. I think my Peak is about 10. I guess you can't complain about build quality then.
I think part of it is that TNG had such an optimistic view of Starfleet and the Federation. DS9 showed us that the Federation didn't always live up to the sense of justice and hope that everyone expected. Kira saw her homeworld robbed and pillaged and her people enslaved and murdered. As a teen during the initial broadcast, I couldn't get my head around the trauma of Bajor, so her character didn't resonate with me. As an adult and doing a full rewatch, it's much easier for me to see her point of view and what motivated her as a person and could imagine myself being a lot like her put in the same situation.
dang!
Yes, don't listen to all these folks telling you to spend thousands to upgrade your laptop for a new interface you don't need. Here's an older article that explains the differences between USB and Thunderbolt: [https://www.soundonsound.com/techniques/usb-firewire-thunderbolt-which-best-audio](https://www.soundonsound.com/techniques/usb-firewire-thunderbolt-which-best-audio) tl;dr - USB 2 is plenty for most people. Thunderbolt or Firewire have more bandwidth for when you need multiple audio channels at higher sample rates. Most home musicians don't need to be able to record 40+ channels concurrently. You're going to be working in the box and all the mixing is done internally. Even if you have an 8 channel interface and record all of them during playback you're not likely to even use half the bandwidth of USB 2. As the article states, interface designers aren't jumping on USB 3 because it's more costly to produce for little gains (if any). They are doing Thunderbolt because Apple made them do it by including ONLY that port on modern laptops. Spending $2k-$3k on a new laptop to get Thunderbolt is probably little bang for the buck, since you'd also need to spend for a new audio interface as well (can't use the USB one!). Or you could spend less than half that on a UAD that absolutely would give you near-zero latency while giving a huge boost to mixing power.
Based on the title, I assumed there were working instruments. They're just props. Would have been more impressed if they were actually playing.
I've had similar recent issues. MOTU 896HD (firewire). Recently had to reinstall windows and the drivers defaulted to some setting that prevented both DAW and say a browser with YouTube running at the same time. Disabling exclusive mode actually kept the DAW from working at all. I had to enable exclusive mode and something else at the same time, but I can't remember what. It was a 2nd checkbox about Windows 64 bit something or other and that fixed it. I can try to look it up later. Would love an explanation on this because the settings seem to be named poorly because it seemed to do the opposite.
Yeah reading it already. Was hoping for something a bit more.
Yeah, sorry to be vague. It's a lot of web sites, web services, etc. It is "big".
Yeah, just based on reading the official MS docs, I can't see us pulling off a complete migration as a single project. We'll have to migrate over time.
There are still synth makers like Moog and Sequential out there. If you want to buy a premium brand, you can. There's no shortage of expensive synths built to last a lifetime. OTOH, Behringer has helped to open a market to a lot of musicians who might not have ever been able to afford a $2k+ synth.
This is true of tech products in general. I briefly worked at a large retail store selling digital cameras. The cameras themselves had nearly no profit margin. But the accessories would be marked up 10 to 20 times their cost. I'd gladly sell you an open box item at a loss if it meant I could talk you into buying batteries, memory cards, cables, etc. Retail stores often have "loss leader" products that they advertise, especially during the holiday season. They'll sell a product at a loss to get you into the store so that they can sell you other things that are marked up to make up the difference.
Although I understand why it is illegal, I can actually understand why Roland and Korg would want to do this. Once a critical mass of retailers are selling your product below a certain price, it becomes the de facto price, and then they'll start pressuring Roland and Korg to lower the wholesale costs. Suddenly, the big retailers can dictate to Roland and Korg what they can charge wholesale. "Oh, you want to sell your keyboards in our store? Give us a 20% discount or you get no floor space." This is not far-fetched. Big retail stores already charge manufacturers for premium floor space like end cap displays which lead to a direct boost in sales. However, in the age of the internet, there doesn't seem to be a concept of a particular retailer having the kind of power to dictate where and how things get sold. (Except for maybe Amazon.) There's simply a race to the bottom on pricing and the concepts of local service and support are virtually non-existent. Even manufacturers are now including printed materials in their products begging you to call a support number before returning an item to the retailer. Online stores are doing the bare minimum of customer interaction beyond getting the sale and shipping it. It makes me wonder if tech companies will eventually shift to direct sales.
It's the Mugatu inspired Derelicte look.
Is it this guy? [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZ2bL-LDwuc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZ2bL-LDwuc) "The limited parameter range of the Rhythm Wolf made me want to take up smoking again." SAVAGE! Thanks for turning me on to this guy's channel! He does manage to make bad gear sound decent, but it's obvious why some things have the reputation that they do.
I want to agree with you 99%. But after hearing the Timbre Wolf I have to say that there are probably a dozen other ways of getting a better result and for probably less money. There are some products that are just a failure and there's no getting around it.
