I wouldn't put DL yet because he didn't build his legacy with TL. If he keeps winning with us for a coyote years then maybe.
It took me a solid minute to remember that Jacksonville is in Florida
I'm willing to bet if we put Mo out there next season he'd still be great. The guy was nuts.
It's really crazy to think how amazing of a story the comeback was for the Red Sox. If it was any other team I'd appreciate it a lot more.
https://i.imgur.com/pUtlnCk.png
Not from an alpha
&gt; I remembered the old rule of five touch bouts: once you find something that works, keep doing it until it doesn't I really gotta nail this mantra into my head because I always find myself over thinking things in five point bouts.
Not even just the length and the money, but the fact that he has a no trade clause on top of all that is absolutely absurd. It seemed bad at the time and it only looks worse every passing year, I really don't know what Cashman was doing on that one.
It's definitely an interesting what if
Oh no baby what is you doing
Isn't that exactly the point though? The Ellsbury contract was horrible, why are you using it as an example for the Yankees to give a player a bigger contract?
I believe, I want 55 to be represented correctly.
Kubo and Mashima need to listen to the people
Tbf, just cause he's upstate doesn't mean he couldn't be a really big fan. People were more focused on his comments about wanting to play for the Yankees than his actual home town.
Weird that they canceled it from 2001-2004. Wonder why they would do that.
&gt; they haven’t come to this conclusion from some through analysis of data or by knowing anything about climate change they’re just parroting what they’ve been told by parents I didn't realize that you could only believe and speak on something if you've done "thorough analysis of data". I figured that a lot of stuff I learned is still valid and true, even if I didn't personally research it. "Why should I care if you say the Earth is a globe, have you circumnavigated the Earth or seen it from space? You're just parroting your parents and you need thorough analysis of the data in order to talk about it". People should care because children are the face of climate change. The actions that policymakers take now will directly affect their lives much more than it will affect anyone else. It's like asking "why should anyone care about children when it comes to vaccination", maybe people should care because it's children that are dying due to the anti-vaccination movement.
Warranty is two years right? I still have two months, but I did send it in once for a screen issue this summer.
&gt;i hope u never sell a ur laptop Love me some spontaneous Italian accents.
Oh no baby what is you doing.
*Girlfriend is a crazy yandere* *Kills himself to be with her on the spirit plane* *Girlfriend is still a crazy yandere* surprisedpikachu.jpg
Make an effort when you're walking back to the line after a touch to think about what happened during that point. Don't even worry about strategy, just really think about what you did and what you're opponent did. I find that once you get good at quickly breaking down this info during the bout it helps when it comes to making a plan and staying in the zone.
Not to be a Rivera defender, but who's a realistic replacement. I've seen everyone call for his firing, but no one giving some options on who the Panthers could pick up instead. I've seen people say that Norv should be brought in, but I really can't see how that's some miracle upgrade or even an upgrade at all.
I'm not saying you're wrong, but again, *who* is the better fit. I don't like all these people who want to blindly fire Ron without a replacement in mind. Regardless of what you think, RR is objectively a decent/good coach and if you end up getting someone worse, not only have you wasted another year of contention at minimum, but you also lose your opportunity of being at baseline RR level and have to keep looking until you find someone better. It reminds me a lot of the Yankees situation the past offseason. They chose not to keep Girardi, their long time manager who was objectively decent/good, but often thought of as older schooled, and brought in Boone who was young, new school, and inexperienced. Although they did okay with Boone in 2018, most people generally see the year as a let down and that they won despite their manager, and now there's a lot of questioning of what if they still had Girardi, would they have done better, are they wasting time in their contention window by having a new coach come in, etc etc. Maybe I'm being overly conservative, but I think RR has enough merit to keep unless there's a solid upgrade.
Again, is it worth the risk to hire an inexperienced coach and completely change the system when you have a team that can compete? Even if he is mediocre, at least we know that Ron can get to the playoffs and make runs. The example I gave with the Yankees is exactly what you suggested and people are still not happy. I'm not against a new coach, but I would like to see people who are calling for Ron's head to at least give options with reasons as to why they think they would do well, instead of just blindly taking the risk. I've seen one suggestion for replacement so far, Norv, which shows it's not nearly as simple as people make it.
Technically was last week, but didn't have time to post about it. Fenced my last tournament/scrimmage of the semester and felt like it went pretty well. Not as good as I think I can do, but I'm still seeing more improvement every event and I feel like I'm getting closer to having my normal ability show when I fence in a competition. It was a bit of a different format where we fenced three pools, two to seed into the final pool, and then a final pool to determine placement. The first two pools I did fairly bad, went 3-3 when I felt like I could've went 4-2 or 5-1, and the second pool was even worse, went 1-5 when I really should've went 4-2. I started getting in my head and got called for some stuff that I should have been more careful with (attack in prep), and some stuff that I swear I've never been called for (stomping too hard and stopping my attack?). After the pool I was pretty disgruntled and talked to our coach for a bit and basically discussed the mental aspect of the game. How I was overthinking it sometimes and would get some good attacks or lines to start, but then try to do too much and make things too complicated, causing me to throw bouts away. The key thing we stressed was consistency and by cutting down on all the overthinking I could perhaps just fence more natural. In the final pool I somehow snuck into the middle pool (8th-14th) despite fencing 4-8 in pools, and I really focused on the basics and fencing calmly and simply, not trying to over do or over think. I swept the pool and went 6-0, beating two people from my club and four others who had beat me in the first two pools. I think fencing the people from my club helped calm me down and relax me first which set me up to do well against the rest of the pool. I even finished the pool with a 5-0 against someone I lost 2-5 to in the first pool. So since I came out first in that middle pool I ended 8th out of 20, which I still think is below how well I can fence, but something I can be content with given that I fenced so well down the stretch and feel like I got over some mental blocks that had been hurting my game. It's a far cry from the first event this semester where I felt like I choked hard and lost purely due to bad mental. Being able to have a bad pool and still bring it back and fence well is really my biggest success from this event, even if I didn't finish as well as I had hoped. After this I think I'll try to continue improving the mental aspect, maybe incorporate meditation or something into my warm up, and do what I can to become more consistent in these competition environments. I do feel like I have a lot of competition anxiety and tend to underperform so hopefully with more experience I can overcome that. I've been looking for stuff in New England and NYC to fence overbreak, but the ones that are closest to me don't seem to have anything until after the 1st which is unfortunate. If anyone has any good events they recommend I'd love to hear about them!
&gt; That way the language is subconscious, you don't need to focus on it. That's really the key to fluency. The way they teach language in school emphasizes being correct, having accurate grammar and vocab etc. but being correct requires you to think way too much about what you're saying and how you say it so you never become fluent. If you need to think about what you're going to say or need to translate in your head you just aren't learning it the right way. But that's the only thing they can grade so they keep the terrible system. Sometimes in language you just need to be thrown in the deep end and just barrel through with mistakes until it starts clicking. Sure it's nice to know that this form is right because of x and y and you use it in these scenarios but no one thinks about that when they're actually speaking; when it comes to fluency it's much more useful to just know that something is right and not worry too much about why it's right until later.
The motto of the Carolina Panthers
Implying I wasn't pulling an all nighter anyway ^hahaha ^^kill ^^me
I wanna see a manga where Truck-kun gets run over by a human.
I think that's a fair distinction, but while I've usually leaned towards misleading having that aspect of purpose to it, I've also seen it used to describe plenty of scenarios where there is no intent. For example, if you were to take someone out for dinner, but they think it was for a date, it would be common to apologize for "misleading" them, even though you had no intent to trick them or anything like that. Anyway, it's pretty trivial regardless, but from my understanding misleading often has an element of intent but does not always have an element of intent so it's not wrong to use it like that.
Chien Ming Wang
Last semester he didn't curve the final, but he does give you the opportunity to get 110 out of 100 points in the class if that makes sense (the different components add up to 110 so you get a 10 point buffer) so the final exam should be pretty trivial if you did well in the rest of the class.
You can find it in most Asian markets I'd imagine. I can't say for sure they'll have it but maybe somewhere like Adong in New Britain would be a good place to try, or really any Asian supermarket near you.
Ahh, you're probably right, I just know it's in the general area.
They called him gelatinous last game and I almost spit my drink oit laughing
I agree. It should be *looks at final score* worth 6 points imo.
As a fencer, I can confirm that this applies outside of video games as well.
I immediately thought, aw come on that's some horseshit, and then I realized new years is only like a week away. Where'd my year go.
I don't have a source, but I swear CC said somewhere that there's no real reason, it's just so he has someone to get fired up against.
I'd imagine Castro to the Marlins must've been pretty annoying for him. To get traded from the Cubs and Yankees at the start of both their windows must suck, especially when it's to the Marlins who are pretty deep in their rebuild.
Best girl returns!
Wait, is this an Asian person thing. As an Asian I thought it was a normal person thing.
What happened to cat bros?
At the very least it sounds more interesting than most talent shows
An "aggresive" aura
The problem isn't that this is anti-Trump, the problem is that this is anti-humor. r/politicalhumor has no humor anymore, it's just boring, not funny posts that say fuck Trump, and it's really stupid.
Why not? We're both out of contention so it's a meaningless game and at this point where winning does nothing, why not just lose to set up for better draft picks. I'd be down to win if we were playing spoiler or something, but this game was a pointless game. I was even talking to my Falcon fan friend and he was complaining about the win because it doesn't help them at all. I don't care about "pride" or anything like that, there's no pride in beating an injured back up QB. If they want to brag about this win then they can, I want to have the team set up for a better year next year.
It's Leffen's obligation to beef with every TL player I guess. For real though, I think TL could make some better choices in their fighting game players, losing Nairo and NuckleDu really hurt and HBox is good, but also really polarizing. They really need a top level player who's also well liked. I wonder how this whole debacle is going to affect Salem's contract.
Do expect your favorite archetype to have its staple cards spread out as URs across several thematically inconsistent boxes.
I'm not sure I get your point, but regardless I don't think there's going to be anything you learn as a beginner that's going to build super hard weapon specific habits. You're going to have to learn a slightly different set of skills depending on the weapon you learn, but they're all going to require the same fundamentals and I think having weapon specific habits will be a detriment, but probably only marginally compared to learning it as a beginner.
GM also had the patent for tetraethyllead which they added to gasoline in the 1920's in order to prevent knocking in the engine. However they actively suppressed the fact that it contained lead and shut down safer alternatives in order to make a profit, which resulted in global lead poisoning for many decades.
As someone who helped collect caterpillars for field work, I relate on a personal level and can confirm it's very sad and pretty gross.
Leaded gasoline wasn't banned until the 70's but there had been a general concern about lead for many decades prior. Countries had already been banning lead paint, for example, in the early 20th century.
Sometimes when you're in a rush it's good to clean a bro with your mouth to make sure it's ready to smash all that puss
Daddy told us not to be ashamed of our dicks
It's weird, I've only done sabre and I don't mind getting hit at all, but getting poked is really weird for me. It's not even painful per se, I'd just much rather get slapped across with a blade.
Tbf we *are* consistently inconsistent so that's something
Happens less often in MMP. I think the Yankees have hit the roof like 3 times in the last couple years.
Idk, depends on where he goes. If he goes to another small market like Utah we'd love him for sure, he'd be like the biggest free agent to ever sign here. Not as much as Charlotte ofc, but Kemba is a good guy, fans will like him if he does well enough.
Wish they had this branding but kept the Bobcats name. Would've complimented the Panthers well.
*Accidently excludes himself from roster*
It might not be that big, but the fact that it has the chance to exist at all is already a pretty neat level of fame.
Yeah, Matsui just didn't play long enough. Choo has 300ish games more than him and 6 more years of his prime (22-28) in the majors. I don't doubt that it would be much more lopsided had Matsui played as long as Choo has.
But if you just carry it now you only need one knife instead of two for both your office and your home. You could make the same argument with a pen, you can have one at your home and office, but there's nothing wrong with just carrying one around because then you can use it in both places plus any other time you might need one.
I wanna dynamax Green
I am whelmed
R.I.P Korean Jesus
I was wondering if Wang even counts as a bust, the guy was legit until he had a freak injury. Definitely made me the saddest though.
It's flat and pretty boring, coupled with the fact that the previous logo was quite iconic.
If you want a good budget game Pokemon is probably the best. It's so much cheaper than Magic or Yugioh with the option to pimp out if you wanna spend money.
Even if he gets traded he might come back, just not in pinstripes.
How dare you forget Tyler "Career OPS+ of 32" Wade.
Jesus, that's so horrible for him. I can't imagine how distraught he must feel, having made a couple million yet still wasn't able to do anything to save his child.
It can definitely be rough, but if you prepare yourself it's doable. I had mandatory 8ams and I'm not gonna lie, I was late a decent amount, but once you get in the groove it's a little better. It does have the typical morning perks such as being able to start your day early, finish class then get breakfast, and just generally feel like you have more time in the day, but I think at this stage in life you probably have a good idea of if you're a morning or night person. I will say this though, don't get suckered in to the idea that "Oh, I got up that early in high school, it can't be much different in college". College has no accountability, especially for large freshmen lectures. If you skip or miss no one will call you out and hold you responsible. There's no attendance or pop quizzes and you can learn a lot without ever attending. If you don't get up in the morning you might only miss one lecture as opposed to having classes all in a row like in high school. Plus you'll have all the additional responsibilities of being independent. It's a big change and it's not nearly as easy to get up for morning classes in college as it is in high school, even if they're only at 9am let alone 8am.
Unless you've taken AP Bio in high school and are fine with teaching yourself, I wouldn't recommend it. That class is a nightmare and notoriously difficult, even for traditional STEM students. The professor just doesn't really teach anything needed to pass the classes and tests are brutal. If you aren't already good at science don't even consider it. It kinda depends on what you want to study though, you have some flexibility and I find it much easier to study for classes on a topic I'm actually interested in. Besides GSCI 1050 which is mostly geology and geological processes, PHYS 1025Q is another good one, it's intro to astronomy. If you like EEB you can try BIOL 1108, if you like plants maybe BIOL 1110, there's even some geography labs I think that can count iirc.
Yeah, Pokemon is way cheaper and it's not even close. Most deck "bosses" are under $10 each and while there are the couple of exceptions, desirable staple techs that can run around $30, I'd say that you can comfortably build top tier decks well under $100. And if you want to go on a budget, you can replace some of the more expensive techs and get really solid decks under $50 or even $40. The cool thing about Pokemon is that they have higher rarity foils like secrets and full arts, but they are alternative printings to normal versions of cards. So if you want to pimp a deck with the highest level foil you can do that, but they also have way cheaper normal versions that are just as usable. It's not like YGO where sometimes you need a playset of secrets and just have to bite the bullet. It'd be like if secrets and ghosts or whatever in Yugioh were just different printings of ultra rares, so if you wanted to play it cheap you can just use the lower rarity. Just doing a quick glance at one of the latest sets, Team Up, the most expensive card that's not an alt. rarity is about $20 and most of the other secrets and competitive cards fall in the $7-$10 range. A lot of a Pokemon deck is also trainers and energy which are usually even cheaper than the monsters, plus a lot of deck skeletons in Pokemon have similar staples of trainers and energy so it's pretty cheap to build new stuff too, you can just swap stuff around. Pokemon is magnitudes easier on the wallet, the only downside is that sets rotate so it's kind of a waste if you don't play consistently, but it does help balance and powercreep as opposed to what Yugioh has become. I definitely recommend it, it's just harder to find locals and it also lacks interaction during each players turn which is something I enjoy more about most other card games.
Np! Also, another added benefit is that if you buy real packs you get a corresponding online code that gets you an online pack which is pretty cool. Personally I don't think the Pokemon Online service is great or anything, it's a little barebones and watered down, but it's still better than the nothing that Yugioh has.
Nah, Trout is as good as they come. What consistently wows me about Trout is I'll see other players who are having crazy, spectacular seasons and then check the numbers and see, oh, they're about as good as normal Mike Trout. He's honestly so good that I think it's hard not to underrate him.
The actual math? The numbers vary but plastic straws are estimated to be about 4% of plastic waste going into the ocean by piece and 0.025% by weight. It'd be like being a billionaire and finding $40 million dollars or $2.5 million on the ground.
That's a myth, the biggest concern over reusing plastic bottles is bacteria if you don't wash it which is the same as any other reusable bottle. It's not *as* good as a normal bottle because it's not designed to be reused but chemicals won't leech in your water if you do reuse it.
I literally had a dream about Morales getting DFA'd, that's how you know it's bad
&gt;I guarantee Sox fans have made me PLENTY jokes/said the same thing about Estrada "These people acted like humongous assholes so that justifies me acting like a humongous asshole". Just cause there's neo-nazis and rapists and other terrible people in the world doesn't give you an excuse to be one. Be a better person.
Also because most of those were done by young 20 somethings. Not to say they aren't bad things to do, but it's more expected for someone to make poor, immature decisions in their 20s than in their 50s-60s.
Completely unrelated, but MLB really needs to adopt an NBA-esque all-pro teams at the end of the season. It's crazy that the biggest holistic positional accolade is still an all-star appearance. There should be silver sluggers, gold gloves, and two or three all-pro teams.
And that's fine. Lots of fields are competitive and a college degree is not always going to be able to get you a job in that field, nor should it solely be about that. But like everyone else they should be free to make the choice about doing something "practical" or pursuing what they want to study/work in. If football is what they want to make a niche in and they don't have interest in studying anything else, then I'd want colleges to support that officially rather than trying to pretend they have this holistic education that neither the players nor college care to support. There shouldn't be anything wrong in studying the niche of football just like there's nothing wrong with studying any other niche subject in college.
With that mindset, does any college care about their students beyond tuition...?
Yeah, I'm sure the clapping as he walked off the court was for the turnover...
Buttery males!
It's disrespectful to any reasonable person anywhere and specifically disrespectful to CT. The Confederacy specifically separated and fought a war to own slaves, there's no reason to fly their flag unless you're a bigot.
I don't mind picking all-stars like this, but the MLB desperately needs all-pro teams to accompany it as a more legitimate accolade. All-star appearances is a pretty useless "stat" but people still judge players by it when it comes to stuff like the hall of fame.
Kyuu-chan is my favorite Disney princess
Tbf our guys have run through Nevin plenty of times and it usually works. A runner can get a better read and make the better choice, but if you didn't see where the ball went then yeah, listen to the coach.
I mean... yeah? I hope the Rays and Red Sox lose a lot regardless of if we can beat them, makes things way easier for us.
Yeah, that was super shitty for Yankees fans to do. But in the end, even though Cliff Lee shit on us pretty consistently, we still beat his team in the WS and he never ended up winning, so karma doesn't really exist.
A win against a bad team is worth the same as a win against a good team though so it kinda sucks to lose a bunch of winnable games that are meant to give a cushion now before going into a stretch of games that isn't as winnable. Being able to win these games even when you play bad is the difference maker at the end of the year.
[Tyler Wade](https://i.imgflip.com/2tfsx4.jpg)
Overall I like him, but he can definitely be obnoxious at times with his hot takes or the way he carries himself in the booth.
Beautiful data? That's a cop out catch all. What is that even supposed to mean? What about this data is beautiful? Is the information "beautiful"? Or is "interesting" the more appropriate description.
I hate the playoff experience argument because it's so pointlessly anecdotal. The Thunder's top 5 players in minutes played in the playoffs had almost double the playoff games played compared to the Trailblazers (256 vs 133) yet they got smacked. Playoff experience is beneficial but ultimately the effect it has is pretty negligible and it still boils down to player personnel. Hell, our own player, Donovan, made the second round with no experience and the Raptors won with coaching from a rookie coach as well. What we need to push us over the top is another play maker, like Kawhi was for the Raptors. It doesn't *need* to be someone with this crazy playoff experience, just another asset to give us more to work with.
Famous last words before Vince Carter's epic 2020 playoff run
To an extent, but I still argue that it's almost entirely dependent on the player. Is Westbrook better in the playoffs now then before after having played almost 100 games? Eh. Not to say playoff experience is completely irrelevant, it certainly helps some players, but people put way too much stock in it imo. Hell, you can be a finals champion like Danny Green and still throw the ball over in the final minute of game six, experience itself is not nearly as important as other things like leadership and work ethic.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Again, hostility and quick retorts isn't discussion. Read my comment. I'm not defending transphobes, I'm explaining that I think the comment was catching downvotes because of it being off topic, not because of transphobia, and that a similar comment on something else off topic would also get downvoted. Do you disagree? Would you like to explain why you disagree? Please, converse like an adult.
The wording of it is a component as well. Just saying "Trans pride colors!!! Love it!!" comes off as fairly self centered/presumptuous because it makes it feel like this person is saying that the painting is definitively about what they want it to be about, trans pride, when that likely was not what the painting was about. Whether or not that was the commentators intention, it does come off that way, at least to me. If they had instead relayed it more as what they personally felt/liked about it because of the coincidental coloring, people would be more receptive because it shows appreciation of painting without stepping on top of the artist by trying to say that the painting is about your specific issue. Regardless, it's infinitely ironic that a post complaining about downvotes is relentlessly downvoting other opinions.
Yes, I think it is. I articulate it more in another comment, but the wording of it, making it such a definitive statement when in reality the artist didn't paint it with such intention, is somewhat self centered because it steps on top of the artist by trying to say that the painting is about your specific issue rather than showing appreciation for the painting while adding what you liked/related with it. Do you not agree that people would downvote an Israel or Chelsea comment of the same nature? To expand upon my opinion, it's not just being off-topic, but also that element of making another persons work about ones own topic. It's much better to show that this work reminded you of this rather than saying that this work definitively represents this because it's more respectful to the artist. Regardless of the commenters intention, that's what it came off as. THANOS FROG is another thing entirely. Yes it's off-topic, but it's also a meme/joke and not meant to be a serious interpretation of the picture. It's sort of disheartening that you're comparing trans pride to a joke. If people treated serious comments about trans pride the same way they treated Thanos jokes then it'd be a much different problem. And lastly, again, it's really not hard to have a discussion like an adult. You don't need to call people stupid and ignorant just because they disagree with you, especially if you haven't offered any element of substance that would make me consider you anything more than a troll. People like you bring shame to the LGBT community and make it incredibly hard for anyone to be taken seriously.
Thank you, I'll probably try a couple more rolls just to see if I can get anything better. Kind of off-topic, but do you have any recommendations for a good deck to start with Havencraft?
Ellis Island has some of the wackiest borders in the US, I love it. Iirc the original land of Ellis Island is New York, but the artificially added land is New Jersey and the surrounding water is New Jersey. Liberty Island is New York, but the surrounding water is New Jersey and all of this is about 2000 feet from the actual New York/New Jersey water border.
Asian squat =/= slav squat. Slav squat is heels up, Asian squat is flat footed.
Honestly, is this Cashman even fleecing at this point or the Mariners just being horribly incompetent.
Did CC say it was an ego thing? I feel like he's a nice enough dude not to let it get in the way of winning, it's probably more of a routine thing and he just doesn't feel comfortable coming in second after being a starter for so long.
Honestly, I think it's so dumb that people get looked down upon for rooting for good teams. Liking a team because they have a strong and storied history is just as valid as liking them because you live there. The more important thing is being loyal to a team, imo it doesn't matter *why* you choose a team, but if you jump ship as soon as stuff goes south for a more successful team then that's worth looking down at. At that point you don't root for a team, you root for an easy win.
I'm a Yankees/Jazz fan, I bet that's a rare combo.
Ah yes, the incredibly fun and relaxing activity of *squints* Getting mad about internet points. Honestly I find it really offensive and disheartening that what I said has provoked people to attack me and insult me and call me a transphobe. The hostility to a member of your own community is upsetting and it's really sad to see trans rights, such an important, basic issue, be continually derailed by this hypocritical, echo chamber, outrage culture mentality. I want you to tell me with a straight face where I've defended transphobes. Where I've told people to argue over their basic rights. Where I've done anything to provoke the amount of vitriol to warrant your comment. It makes me so upset to see that the representation and response to one dissenting opinion that offers a potential explanation is a series of demeaning, "witty" comebacks rather than actual discussion and conversation. People like you who give these responses should be ashamed of how you represent our community. I'll reiterate my point again. I'm not defending the downvotes nor saying that I would downvote. I'm simply saying that, in my opinion, I believe that there's reasons people were downvoting the comment beyond transphobia, mostly because the comment comes off as somewhat selfcentered and off-topic. Do you disagree? That's fine, you can reply like an adult with your reasoning why rather than calling names and making tactless remarks. Do you think that what I said is transphobic? Please, tell me why rather than trying to put rubbish in my mouth. It's ridiculous that you're acting like such a child and seemingly can't have a civilized conversation.
I'm not saying that the commenter had that intention, but I'm explaining how I could see it be interpreted that way. Yes, it's a little thing, but by making such an objective statement, it has an element of implication, that this is how the painting should be interpreted, which disregards the artist and what they might be trying to portray. There are more tactful ways to phrase it, as I said, if it was written in a way that indicated that they personally made that connection and enjoyed it because of it, in a less objective manner, then I don't think it'd be downvoted as much. Not everyone will see it like this and I acknowledge that, but at least for me I can see it coming off as a bit rude and self important by just placing this personal value on the painting without acknowledging the personal value aspect. Anyway, I never even said I agreed with the downvotes, personally I think it's a bit unnecessary, but I just wanted to offer what I thought was a reasonable explanation and reaction rather than immediately thinking of transphobia. When I first read the comment that's what I thought could be going on and I even prefaced it by saying that I'd play devil's advocate. Maybe I'm an optimist, but I think Reddit, as a generally young and left leaning site (aside from certain pockets) is more supportive of the trans community than that and a comment about trans pride would not catch that many downvotes without another element to it, in this case the phrasing and the implication the wording gave off. Granted, I do know that some of it probably was from transphobia, but again, optimistically I don't believe that to be the only element, and I also don't think it's warranted to make such broad generalizations based on a vote difference of a dozen people. Lastly, I'll have to disagree with you on respectability. Maintaining civility and rationality is necessary for any productive discourse. Not to say that there is not a room or a time to be outraged, especially with the some of the disgusting shit that we see on the other side of the spectrum, but hostility is not how progress is made and the LGBT+ community should understand that better than anyone. It's not a high horse to expect some amount of reasonable conversation rather than the immediate devolution to insults. It's not productive to respond to a dissenting opinion with belittling remarks and vitriol. I say this especially because what I said is ultimately a very very mild comment and from within our own community. Yet I've only received sarcastic insults, people calling me a transphobe, people accusing me of belittling trans rights, and people trying to say that I'm not a part of the community because of it. It's both hurtful and hateful to see that as the immediate response and makes me sad that a culture of outrage, echo chambers, and hypocrisy is tainting such an important and fundamental issue of trans rights. In the large scale what I commented is absolutely no where in the same ball park as some of the horrendous, heinous shit that exists out there, the actual people who hate the very existence of trans people. But if this is the response my comment gets, what is there to say to those people? How can we expect a solution if both sides are just hell bent on hating each other. Yes, these people are irrational, detestable, and ignorant, yes these people are almost certainty, objectively wrong, but insulting and hating them does nothing to help anyone and just makes things worse. If you can try and converse and convince and change people's way of thinking you're not just changing one persons hate, you're changing their children's hate, their grandchildren's hate, you're changing hatred far beyond that one person. That's the long, hard, painful road. But that's the road of progress. Short of genocide, hatred does not bury hatred and you can't hope to change the views of society without changing the views of people. And you can't change the views of people without being able to speak to them reasonably and respectfully. Anyway, I'm getting way off topic. Call me an optimist or whatever, but that's just how I think things have to be done, and as much as I want to get mad and angry at all the injustice, I just don't think it'll work to solve anything. I appreciate that you were able to scale down your tone and hold a conversation on a more neutral level. I apologize if I said anything out of line, but the initial response you gave was rather hurtful and it made me really angry to see that kind of stuff in our community.
The big three were great, love 'em. If you want an extra layer of weirdness, I'm also a Panthers fan for football so I'm just all over the place.
But rooting local is super arbitrary and arguably worse of a reason then liking a player or liking how a team plays or liking something about their history. People just have such a superority complex if you root for a local team for pretty loose reasons. If you're getting into a sport, why not choose whoever you want, if people don't want to root for teams that are constantly bad like the Mariners or Knicks can you blame them? I think being loyal to a team is more important than whatever you pick because teams have ups and downs and sticking them out is more of a fan thing to do then the easy way out of just hopping to the winning team atm. If simply picking a successful team is the easy way out then all us Yankees fans are doing that right now.
Okay, thanks for letting me know. I might just play my steam account and do some rolls after the expansion to see if there's anything I like. When's the next expansion supposed to come out?
Who the fuck is Kankri. And that's alright, I'm not gonna waste our time if you don't take trans rights as a serious issue. Just know that some people won't take too kindly to you treating this like a joke because it involves real people being opressed. But if you just want some vapid target to cling onto and be outraged about and use it as an excuse to insult people, so be it. Keep in mind that you're an active antagonist and detriment to the LGBT community by doing so. And maybe you'll realize that people aren't hostile to you because you're part of the trans community, maybe they're hostile to you because you're just an asshole.
Okay, thanks for the info! I'll look into it for sure.
Nishikata, why do you even bother.
Tone-polices? I'm telling you to have a civilized conversation. I'm telling you to act like an adult. No one wants to fling shit with a 12 year old like you. Again, where did I say any of this “You are responsible for your own oppression” bullshit. Please, show me because I sure can't find it. Do you even read any of this shit? Can you even read? Maybe you can team up with one of the incels in /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM and together you'd have one full brain cell. You're a disgusting excuse of a human being. I'd say to take your "support" of the LGBT community and shove it up your asshole but your asshole is probably too loose from all this shit you spew on a constant basis. Made you should try and actually fight this fucking oppression instead of being such a spineless coward.
Haha, holy hell, imagine trying to call out people for doing vile shit and this is their response. &gt;"The karma counts on the original painting suggest people here mostly agree with transphobia and disagree with you. &gt;"The karma counts on /r/The_Donald suggest people here mostly agree with bigotry, racism, and hatred" &gt;"The mobs that lynched Emmett Till suggest people here mostly agree with murdering minorities" Are you stupid enough to believe that nameless internet points and mob mentality are how you judge wrong from right. Are you so astoundingly dumb that you don't realize the irony of flexing on people getting downvoted on *a thread complaining about someone getting downvoted*. God, your retorts are like trying to talk to a fucking neckbeard, just because you're the loudest idiot propped up by other idiots doesn't make what you're doing right. Thanks for doing your best to undermine LGBT rights with your toxicity you fucking idiot.
[The Mariners also had a five error first inning against us recently.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cohhJXkuEf0)
Or, maybe you're just a cunt with a keyboard who's always an aggressive asshole.
Tbf, there's definitely an off the court marketability component too. The dude has a whole country behind him, maybe he's not the best talent wise but if he succeeds the Wizards basically have first dibs on the Japanese market. Just look at the Rockets, they're still one of the most, if not the most, popular team in China even though Yao Ming has been retired for almost a decade.
https://i.imgur.com/YULOIm7.jpg
God FUCKING dammit Get well soon Maybro
Mo has such a shit eating grin too lmao
It should be Monster, gotta rep TL's sponser
The bacon and egg one outside Barnes and Noble is my favorite, but the Avacado one near UConn is also really good.
I really wish this sub was more balanced, but it's heavily league favored. It's a shame because TL has world class players in lots of other games, hopefully they can do something to try and promote their subreddit to those communities.
Athletics operating at a cost is the norm for sure, it's not like track or swimming make money, but man, UConn football is just in such a bad spot despite being one of the few sports that shouldn't be losing money. Just one of the many problems is how fucking far the rent is from campus. Iirc the only teams that play at a similar distance is UMass, who play in Gillette so it's understandable, and UCLA, who play in the Rose Bowl. It's a joke tbh, it's not appealing to fans, players, or students.
UConn football is miraculously 1-0 when I go so I think it's pretty clear that I'm the secret to their success.
Voit looks so weird in that pic but I can't describe why
Should be spelled mahvel
Yeah, he could have good intentions, but what he did with that interview definitely didn't help the problem. A spectacle is a good way of putting it.
No way. I know people meme about New Yorkers being cold but if anyone saw him trying to jump I know that they would've tried to help. There's no way you can see someone do that and just keep walking on like nothing happened.
“He got me,” Hinata said of Kyuu-chan's old maid play. "That f***ing Kyuu-chan boomed me." Hinata added, “He’s so cute,” repeating it four times. He then said he wanted to add Kyuu-chan to the list of things he snuggles with this summer.
Because it's a very simple yet stylish and iconic logo that represents New York, the most important city in the (arguably) most important nation in the world. People here are talking about the Yankee's legacy and success, but I garuntee that that has very little to do with it globally beyond getting the logo in to the public eye in the first place. I see Yankees merch everywhere in China and I can assure you that less than 1% wear it because of the team. It's become synonymous with US culture and fashion, that's the biggest thing. Beyond the simplicity that makes the design so widely applicable, I don't think another team can match it until another country and city rivals that aspect of world dominating culture while also matching the Yankees in success in order to make it so synonymous.
I've been doing the exact same thing in China rn and let me tell you, it's nowhere near 3-1 here. I've counted 85 pieces of Yankees apparel and 11 of any other MLB team (8 of those were the Dodgers). Even the NBA, with its fairly popular following still has less combined than the Yankees.
I definitely need to reread Tomo because this whole "I gotta beat her dad" thing feels so pointless and I feel like I definitely have forgotten some of the context.
Kind of. Iirc he was known for raging and stuff long before he started streaming, obviously he plays it up for entertainment now, but it is rooted in some actual stuff.
Not at all. There's plenty of food that's not supposed to have a strong flavor. It's like dragonfruit, it's very light flavoured but that's the whole point so it's not bad to call it bland or light flavoured.
Fuck the Red Coats
Yeah, I get that it completely depends on financial situation, and not to down play that amount of money for those who need it, but I'm just surprised that when given the hypothetical of *any* amount possible, the median is relatively low. You can make almost $10,000 in a year if you work 25 hours a week for 7 dollars an hour, basically part time, below minimum wage. It's a nice chunk of change, but $1,000,000+ either can set you up well for a good amount of time or drastically change your living conditions. Even $100,000 is a magnitude of difference, $10,000 is really conservative in comparison and I didn't expect so many people to settle for that little if given this opportunity, even if they needed money immediately.
And even then, 5/175 vs 5/160 is not a *huge* difference, if that's the deal breaker for your longest tenured franchise player then it honestly feels like they didn't want to sign him anyway.
Yup, it definitely does depend on context. 10k in the US is a year's worth of rent, maybe a semester of in-state college, and can be made by making minimum wage while working part time for a year. So it's not that much. But even for places where 10k can go much farther, I still feel like it's surprisingly low if given the opportunity to ask for *any* amount.
Beyond the number of players, the roles are also extremely unbalanced in terms of importance. In the NBA each position is probably about equally as valuable and will be paid about the same. But in football the best QB is going to be magnitudes more important and valuable than the best right tackle or punter.
Tbf, a huge factor is that single game viewership is very misleading because of how the leagues are structured. The NFL is structured so that each game is more important and that fans can realistically keep up with most of the league. If the NBA or even MLB had 16 games per season then they'd probably get much closer numbers because each game is a much scarcer commodity. If I don't watch an NBA game or an MLB game it's not a big deal because there's another one in at most a couple days. But if I miss an NFL game I have to wait a whole week to see my team play again. Given that a game of baseball, basketball, and football take about the same amount of time, say a fan of a sport can only watch 3 games a week. For the NBA you'd miss about 30% of your favorite team's games. For the MLB you'd miss about 50% of your favorite team's season. For the NFL you could watch every game of your favorite team, second favorite team, third favorite team, and still have some left over for a few prime time games. The same number of people, same amount of commitment to watching their sport, but vastly different individual game viewership numbers. The majority of NBA or MLB fans don't even watch all of their own team's games let alone another team's games, but lots of NFL fans can find the time to watch all 16 of their team's games plus whatever is on prime time. Not to say that the NFL isn't incredibly popular, but the fundamental culture is different because of how few games they play.
Great argument.
I'd imagine the age of the U.S probably plays a factor as well. The U.S really emerged in the swing of the industrial revolution and mass manufacture capitalism and doesn't have the same deep artisanal roots that an older country might have. Maybe that has somehow driven the culture in such a way to prioritize price or convenience more than others which then manifests both in purchasing and manufacturing. Definitely a fun topic to think about!
Ooo, Smash has a ton of good ones now that I think about it. TK and EE, Scar and Toph, D1 and Prog, Phil and HMW. All iconic. James and Seth in SF are great too. But even among all those, Monte and DoA definitely are legendary.
I feel like DoA is more chaotic good than lawful good. And Monte... I lean more towards calling him lawful evil, but he can be chaotic evil at times too. At the very least I don't think they would go off in as many tangents as they did in the LCK days if DoA was lawful good lol
DoA really excels in that League laning phase build up period. Gives him room to riff and get into team fights and stuff later on. Thinking about it, I bet FGC commentators could do a good job of matching the rhythm of OW more than MOBA commentators.
The danger of climate change is already here. They don't care about lives, they'll care about it when it hurts their profits and their wallets.
&gt;In a few decades we will look back at politicians, such as Scott Morisson in Australia who still denies the impact of climate change, and regard them as murderers. Why wait. Their actions are killing people right now and it's only going to get worse.
I hope so. Although one would hope that people's homes literally burning down in a raging inferno would be enough.
The trick is to commit. You look bad if you're doing half moves and just reacting to stuff. If you're going all out with your movements it can kinda look like dancing, although it depends on the map too.
Very high level DDR is pretty goofy tho. They have to grab the back bar and flail their legs to hit everything. It's very impressive, but worse looking than a good player on an easier song.
Times Square has people wearing hats plastered in ads...
I make weird contractions all the time when speaking Chinglish. Clothes are yi fu, food is chi de, something annoying is ma fan, but it has somehow become eefs, chird, and maf in my family. "Where's my eefs? What's for chird? That's too maf." It's complete nonsense.
Damn, this feels so weird.
Remember when we beat China's best team in a Bo5 at MSI? Oh wait, I don't think you're familiar with MSI because C9 is too busy saving their money to make it. Well at least they had a good World's run because you're always talking about choking out of grou- oh nope, they lost to everyone but the LMS. Hmm, well good thing they spend it on their other world class esports teams like... uh.... nevermind. I guess they have plenty leftover for Sneaky's cosplay fund? Wait scratch that, he's not going to be on the team either. Well, hope you're getting your money's worth!
Hell yeah, Panthers North!
I'm willing to give people a chance of redemption. They did bad things but if they learn from it then that's good, that's the point of punishment.
So let me sum this up. "Boo hoo your team spent money to get good and now is spending more money to get better when they didn't get the results they wanted. Why can't they be a shitty poor team like C9 that does nothing to improve so I can make excuses when they choke a title for the 7th season in a row. C9 going 3-3 at worlds is so much better than TL going 3-3 at worlds because C9 gets swept in the first round by actual good teams." - Didgeridrew9 Is your argument really "TL is so much better than C9 that it's embarrassing to compare the two?". Because that's fucking hilarious. "Haha, TL spends so much money to be bad, that's so much worse than C9 who spend less money to be worse".
And somehow there's still a bunch of teams worse than us, woof
I hate this idea that "it's too expensive to fix". Environmental problems are far more expensive if you don't fix them. It's just that it cuts into the profits of the rich who don't have to deal with these issues and can fuck off to Hawaii as common folk suffer.
That sounds like more work than the average mangaka....
Can't tell if you understand the difference between criminals being punished by courts and players being punished by the league, or the difference between sports employment and normal employment. OJ Simpson was actually arrested and brought to court, which you can then disagree with the results. Some people like Chapman didn't even have enough to file charges. Do you understand the problem with lumping everyone into the same category and not allowing any of them a second chance? Chapman hasn't been involved in an incident since then so supposedly the punishment has worked so far. Second chances are not about justifying actions, it's about helping put someone on the right track so that they don't do those things again and maybe getting them to make a positive contribution out of the incident. But too many people are okay with throwing a mistake away and then plugging their ears and not caring if their actions are actually helpful in any sort of way. Unfortunately not every team gets to wash their hands and get prospects out of their domestic abuse cases.
I have a thread saved from earlier in the season of people shitting on Mitchell, specifically saying he won't be an all star. I'm ready to bust it out when it happens.
I don't think you could've taken a less flattering picture of this sandwich.
People are migrating because of climate change already. Droughts in sub-saharan Africa are a primary driver of migration and conflict in the region right now.
Sadly it is, but I think fundamentally we will never switch to an all-plant diet because meat is a core part of human culture. Maybe more so than even speaking or writing, and trying to take either of those away would also be ridiculed, so going from that angle just is never going to work. I also think there's pushback because a lot of people, including environmentalists, are tired of this "personal responsibility" angle, especially when it's cutting out something they enjoy. Large corporations dwarf the general population in terms of environmental damage and there's a sentiment that putting all this environmentalism stuff on individuals while corporations actively profit from pollution is blatant misdirection. People will be okay with not littering or not using plastic bags or straws because those are conveniences, but meat is culture and it's just not a battle that people are going to win. At the very least if you want people to listen to it from an environmental stand point there should be a call to eat less meat or more sustainable meat.
It wasn't the schedule that had people worried, it was that we were losing very winnable games and looking pretty bad at times. The moves we did helped, instead of Green who was inconsistent at best and Exum who we didn't even try to play, we have Clarkson, who has been a needed boost, and Niang, who is playing better with the extra responsibility. Don has also recovered from his very brief slump after Ingles has been a *lot* better starting instead of coming off the bench. It's a combination of a lot of the right things coming together at the right time, not just the schedule getting easier.
Even Udoh probably gave better minutes than Bradley/Davis. Luckily Tony seems to be getting better, but if Davis can live up to what he was promised to be then our team will add another needed layer to the bench. As of right now, if Rudy goes down we are absolutely fucked which is a scary situation to be in.
&gt; It sounds like they are making it out to be a good thing? I mean why wouldn't they try to put a positive spin on it, there's nothing they can tweet that will affect the situation so the best they can do is have some fun with it. And in the grand scheme of things it's probably not a big deal, not to say that the players aren't competitive, but they've won four splits already, they're probably more concerned with getting over the international hurdle than winning domestically, so losing a few games because of POB jungle isn't the end of the world.
Knowing the Visa process, there's probably not much to update nor are any of the updates going to be overly helpful to give to the general public. It absolutely makes sense to prep the back up plan if it seems likely they'll have to use it, then maybe they can at least salvage the situation a little. It's not a matter of being satisfied, it's just kind of a, what can you do situation. Shit happens. It's kinda like if a player gets injured on a sports team. The team won't give constant updates about the injury status or how the player is doing. They'll probably give an occasional update and spend much more time hyping up and supporting the back up for the fans.
I miss dad.
Do you not think that the 12-24 Pelicans can beat the Lakers in a best of 7??? Don't ever fucking disrespect daddy Faves like that ever again.
&gt; What does Davis do at that point? Drink, probably.
&gt; The reason is so that the prize appears larger than it will actually be after taxes. And it works so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Honestly, how the fuck did he hit that.
Damn, and he just fucking walked it off too. Ice in the veins is right, that man is cold blooded.
I agree, the core problem with moto, and even the original at this point, is that there is zero character development, which makes it so weird considering their relationship has to have developed to get married. But he acts no different now that she's his wife compared to when she was his crush. It sets up all these weird lines of thought and reactions from Nishikata; like why does he think "heh, I'll get my wife to think about a Santa costume, I bet that'll be *super* embarrassing" and why does he get embarrassed when he does think about it? There's nothing fundamentally embarrassing about that, *especially* if they're married and the reasoning is just so off from how normal people think. I still think it was a bad idea to make moto before the original ended because they inherently can't add more character development than the original, but it makes it boring and even stupid sometime.
But it's not like an arousing costume... It's a skirt and a hat with a sack. If my girlfriend wore something like that I'd think it's cute but I wouldn't be embarrassed. Beyond that he was trying to get her embarrassed about it... What is there to be embarrassed about? It's Santa, there's not much salacious about Santa, especially how he imagined Takagi.
Many American urban areas are not properly designed for mass transit. We'd need a *huge* cultural shift in order to get the necessary funding to really transform a lot of these places.
They could, but I think there's just too much inconsistency if the sequel has a bunch of romantic development before the original has even reached a confession. Again, I really think they shouldn't have made Moto before the original ended. I agree that there is likely a taboo on development and I guess it makes sense from the authors perspective; maybe they aren't sure how they want to get to the confession so they just told the person writing Moto to not do anything in order to keep options open. Even if it's not a direct flashback, how they act should depend on how it goes down in the original and again, it's just going to be inconsistent regardless. I don't think it's wrong to be frustrated. Fluffy manga don't have to be really deep, but they aren't supposed to be completely shallow either. There's not much value in a series that is just endless repetition of "oh that's cute", it will get tiring and a lot of the Takagi Nishikata interactions are tiring at this point imo. Look at a fluff manga like Kyuu-chan. Even though it's all fluff, it still keeps things fresh and meaningful and has an element of development to the world and its characters. Moto is really dry in comparison and everything feels very sterile because it's only these short little fluff clippets where nothing changes. And maybe some people like that, but it's been disappointing for me.
Fun fact, if you look up clutch in the dictionary [this is what comes up.](https://media.giphy.com/media/Ph5hlX2X64uR6Mbfh8/giphy.gif)
Fans of other teams are supporting the Yankees, it makes me feel weird and uncomfortable.
Low key it makes me mad that the Rays are in the situation they are in and don't spend any money. They could be so strong if they spent, but instead we have all these people praising them for doing well on a budget which really shouldn't be what we're trying to support.
For sure, and I think that'll always happen when watching games vs looking at numbers. Fans will not look at numbers and not realize things because they rely on the eye test while neutral observers might not watch games and miss some of the nuances that only come out when you throw in the eye test. I think a lot of Yankees fans who complain are complaining about things like bad at bats that don't work the count or not coming through in the clutch, stuff like that that doesn't show up as clearly in the numbers which have caused the offense to fall short in the playoffs compared to the teams that do win. But there's also just people who complain because their expectations for the Yankees are almost unreasonably high, which happens when any team doesn't have many or any bad seasons.
Petition to make government analytics based
He was stealing minutes from better players
I'm not surprised because you don't know jack about what you're talking about. Doesn't take a lot to have some humility and say you don't know much about a player because you don't watch them, but you have to double down and say shit like "I can probably name 30 players I’d rather have on my team than Gobert if I’m trying to win a championship". If you don't want to be mad about people calling you out for being an idiot, maybe try and stay in your lane and not make these ridiculous statements that you have nothing to back.
I never said he was top 15, I don't think I could give you an accurate top 15 list because I don't watch every team play. I'm just calling you out because you're discrediting a player without even knowing his basic accolades and with an argument about him not leading a team that is just pure non-sense. I do have a bias but I don't have an ignorance which is something that I can't say about you. You don't even think Gobert is a top *30* player so I'd like you to give me the 30 you think are better than him if you're so confident in that statement and then ask the fans of the 29 other teams if that seems accurate.
&gt;The talent level of the players I have above Gobert is so beyond him that it really is far fetched to think that any of them are less effective on the hardwood. You come so close to being reasonable and then go off on some non-sense again. Just for example, you have Donovan Mitchell above Gobert and you wouldn't even get every *Jazz* fan to agree with you.
So you're the drug dealer that gives people their first hit for free that all our parents warned us about.
The naivety of... not accusing teams of cheating without evidence?
Yes, let the love flow through you. Aaron Judge is basically a 6'7'' teddy bear.
It also happens because the US has no other options for a lot of these people. Without a car lots of people can't get anywhere in the US because no public transit system exists. In other areas you don't even need a car if you don't want to drive but in many places it the US if you don't have a car you cannot leave your house to even do basic things like buy food. Trading away driving for elders means we need to beef up both our public transit and ability to care for the elderly.
We're serious about success
Our only consistency is inconsistency lol
Stop supporting us, it feels weird and Girardi is already making it weird enough.
In their defense, a lot of it is because they both took Houston to game 7 and the Yankees specifically lost every away game and won every home game which is going to make it more contentious given the nature of their operation. The Red Sox just kinda got washed.
In their defense, they did the same exact thing after winning in 2013. They randomly won a title inbetween seasons where they were last in the AL East. The Red Sox are just weird.
That's a pretty poor argument. Just because they didn't *need* to doesn't mean they were guaranteed to win. In fact, even with cheating they were never guaranteed. It's like saying if you have a *chance* to win the lottery you wouldn't want even *better* odds to win.
Extremely weird. I hope we can go back to hating each other soon.
Yup, same dude I think.
Oh for sure, I was more so saying that picks are not as valuable because you can absolutely be a contending team with almost none of your top round picks panning out. The Yankees without Judge are probably still championship contenders. And the Astros, as you mentioned, aren't going to be having top flight picks for a while anyway because of their tanking. The Astros were also like poster child of the tanking strategy in baseball so they are in many ways the anomaly. Drafting is not just having a top pick either, a lot of scouting and player development is needed to do what the Astros did with their picks, given the rate at which players bust in the MLB and as long as those areas don't get hit they can still do that in lower rounds. It'll hurt them for sure, but I'd be very surprised if they aren't still competitive for a while.
I mean, winning also brings more fans and profit but I don't they've caught on to that yet.
Woo, a rare small market positive
Sure, the Red Sox were absolutely affected by the cheating, I'm just saying that in many people's eyes, losing 4-3 arouses much more suspicion than losing 3-1, especially if the games aren't particularly close. The Red Sox were blown out the two games at Houston, clapped back one game, and then had a close loss at Boston. Were the Astros' cheating enough to be the determining factor in those two losses at Houston? Maybe, but 8-2 is a big margin and the fact that the Red Sox then lost at home anyway doesn't help their case. So the general perspective is not as critical of that series because the two games in which they could've cheated they won by large margins anyway. Against the Yankees, yes the Yankees hit very poorly and there's no telling if they could win without the Astros cheating, but the Astros also only won the first two games by 1 run margins at home. Close wins at home are going to be by far the most suspicious ones so the fact that they won 2-1 twice at home is what draws a lot of ire. And if either of those games were flipped the Yankees would've won the series, whereas the Red Sox would have to flip two games to win the series. The fact that the Astros then lost all three away from home with only one close game is further scrutinizing because it "shows" that they can't win away from home, unlike against the Red Sox in which they did get a win away from home, even if it was a close one that came after getting blown out beforehand. The last two games weren't as close of course, but again, if cheating had been enough to flip either of the first two games then it wouldn't have made it to that point anyway and it's really those two games which draw the most amount of scrutiny when looking at that series. If the effect of cheating is equal, then at the very least it had a much higher chance of affecting the outcome of the ALCS and WS then it did the ALDS, but that doesn't mean it couldn't have affected the ALDS.
Yet here we all are, giving a shit about sponsors.
Wow, it's almost like he's going to be coaching in the NFL!
Minor league teams are fucking savage and I love it
That outfield would be so fucking filthy. I don't want super teams, but they *would* be kinda fun to watch.
The fact that their 2018 title has now also been put into question puts a smile on my face.
No. No. No. My stomach fucking dropped as soon as I saw this, fuck man.
Just watching his announcement video, man it's fucking tough. You can tell that it scares him so much despite the fact that he probably still wants to play. It must be so hard and I have nothing but respect for it. I hope we get a chance to give him a big hand next season.
Who would've thought [this bit](https://youtu.be/L7nLCfCKUNU?t=71) would be outdated so quickly. Luck was one of my favorites too, nothing but respect to be able to make such a hard decision.
The dude is young and rich. He's got some time to figure out what he wants and certainly has earned some time off. It'd be really cool if he came back one day, but we'll see if it happens.
The fact that he specifically wanted to join because of our development track record shows a lot about his drive to improve and I'm glad it's showing up on the court.
For sure, I'm not saying they should or would gimp him, just that Rudy seems like he 100% wants to stay in Utah over going somewhere else for free agency. He's expressed displeasure at both superteams and Hayward leaving so I think he values staying here a lot.
I honestly think he might be willing, but it's not a good look for the Jazz in terms of future deals. Rudy has shown to be very loyal to the org so he really should get compensated for it and if other players see that the Jazz will pay you if you stay with them then we might have fewer Hayward situations.
What? Like him or not, SpaceX and Tesla are both very innovative companies in the sense that they are developing stuff in a niche that didn't have much of a foothold prior. There's no way either of those were guaranteed to be successful, much less profitable, and much of what drove the development of SpaceX was his own personal interest in Mars. The world's interest in space had been declining for many years, if he was just trying to "capitalize off the world's interest in electric engineering" don't you think he would've done something less risky in an industry that people were actually interested in at that point in time? If it was so easy to capitalize off the allure of space then NASA's funding might be more than half a percent of the US budget. You can disagree with how he has actually done many of these things, but to think that cheaper space travel and non-gas powered vehicles are not both incredibly important advancements that can help a lot of people in the future is non-sense.
Especially when Verlander is so quick to run his mouth when other people get popped. I'd at least respect it more if he wasn't hypocritical about it.
Hey hey hey. He could easily be both.
It's definitely the right choice, but it is also objectively funny in a very sad way.
Other voters might think that but imo that's just interpreting the question incorrectly. The ballot is not asking if Derek Jeter is better than other players, it's asking if his career is worthy of the hall of fame. There is not a single coherent argument that can say Jeter is not hall of fame worthy so if that's the case then he does deserve to be unanimous, just like many other players before him. He absolutely *should* be 100% but whether or not he will be is uncertain.
It's like a comfort sport. During the season it's nice to know that baseball is there almost every single day and it's something that you can have in the background if you want without it being distracting. If you miss a game it's not the end of the world because there's one tomorrow, but if you do tune in you might see something amazing.
I also don't understand why they were so adamant on arresting them based on what they *said* when they could've just as easily punished them for what they *did*. They were disturbing the peace, simple as that "Annoying or interfering with another person through offensive or disorderly conduct" and "Making unreasonable noise". That's a pretty apt punishment that avoids making it about them saying racial slurs while still punishing them for saying racial slurs.
It is LOLMets and it is also the right decision. LOLMets can definitely encompass things that are just purely unlucky for the Mets.
But it's really weird that that's at the *forefront* of his mind in a moment where he should be celebrating. Even if he was uncomfortable about it you would think he wouldn't really think about it unless someone started to pull his shirt off. And even then, if he really was self conscious about his body then why doesn't he wear an undershirt? Why didn't he rush to cover himself up the last time they ripped his shirt off? There's just a lot of inconsistencies in his story, it really doesn't make much sense for that to be his reason.
You probably aren't paying attention to your phone when you don't notice it vibrating. If they were using it to cheat they'd be able to just pay attention specifically to the vibration. It's fine to be skeptical of if they did it with the limited info out right now, but let's not pretend that it's impossible to cheat with this method.
I mean, Judge is just a great guy too, I don't blame you for liking him. Dude is just the embodiment of wholesome, while also being a hulk of a man who enjoys punishing baseballs.
You guys do command a very large media market because of how densely populated New England is, but yeah, it absolutely shows that the actual "small market" thing is pretty bullshit because Boston itself is not a big city. Or at the very least it's really not a term with a real definition.
I'm from CT so pretty far out. I was born in SLC though and lived there for... six months and have not been back yet lol. But I thought it would be fun to root for a team that was pretty solid but still a bit of an underdog in a smaller market and it was cool to have that connection of being born there. I was debating between the Jazz and the Rockets actually (because Yao Ming is such a great guy), but after getting into basketball a bit it was just clear that DMitch and Gobert are way more fun to root for than Harden and Chris Paul. Edit: Plus the local options are the Knicks and the Nets and neither of those sound fun. Or the Celtics, but I'll die before I root for Boston.
The biggest small market disadvantage that is actually a small market disadvantage is just attracting and keeping players. It is going to be a bit tougher to get someone to come to Milwaukee instead of Los Angeles. But teams absolutely can and have built around it regardless and even if it's more difficult, it's not impossible to find the right people who do enjoy a small market as opposed to a large market. I'm a fan of the Jazz and they're probably the smallest market in the MLB/NBA/NFL and they're still able to do really solid because they're a well run team. A team like the Spurs is an even better example. And baseball is so local and has a strong franchise player tradition that it's maybe even a little easier in the MLB than it is in the NBA.
&gt;already over represented franchise It's not even that, it's that it's *another* player avatar. And even though it's not a full sword person, why not give us a full axe or full lance or full bow character if you're going to do Fire Emblem again. For a game with such a great diversity of characters and a literal emphasis on multiple weapon styles, the current representation just doesn't capture that. Axe Hector, Lance Ephraim, Bow Lyn, etc. would all be cooler options. It'd be like if they just kept adding only the water starters for Pokemon, it just wouldn't be a good representation of the series.
I'm just baffled that this the second game against the same team where there's just late game bullshit from the refs. Didn't make me feel good when we won and certainly doesn't make me feel good when we lose.
But the point is that even if the teams are making unequal amounts of money, the teams making the least are making enough to pay as much as the teams making the most, or at least enough to be very competitive with them. Most if not all the teams are backed by billions of dollars from ownership beyond what the team makes by itself. The best way to level the market difference is to win and winning often costs money. I do not think that every team in the league is putting a serious effort to win based on how they spend their resources. The Pirates have never even signed a FA contract worth over 40mil, and it's not because they're afraid of not being able to absorb a bad contract. The problem with this whole investment and return on investment stuff is that sports franchises in the big leagues make a lot of money without doing anything, so there is only limited incentive to actually win, even though it brings in even more money. I think a lot of owners are fine with just sitting in mediocrity and while that's okay for business, it's problematic for the actual integrity of the game.
Even for a normal couch potato it's a huge advantage. Joe Schmo is probably not going to touch major league pitching, but it is a hell of a lot easier if he knows that every pitch is going to be a fastball. Maybe he can luck into one. And then that advantage is multiplied when used by players that are actually competent at hitting the ball.
Beyond the fact that I'm talking about well into the future when scandals and stories will be better remembered than individual players, has the steroid memorabilia really dropped that much? From a quick google an autographed ball from Sosa sells for $100-200 which is about the same as the two people with the highest similarity score on bref, Jim Thome and Mike Schmidt. Are the people dropping all these Altuve items really collectors or are they just Astros fans who are disspaointed with these actions? Scandals make for pretty fun collectors items.
*Checks flair* Wait a second...
[lowqualitybait.jpeg](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/844/770/e9d.jpg)
woo
2013 being number 1 seems a bit premature now given that Giannis has an MVP, Gobert has 2 DPOY, and Oladipo has an all-NBA. CJ and Adams are both strong players too, dunno how they expected to give a good evaluation of that draft class after only 4~ years.
He's got adorable chubby cheeks, that's like 99% of the reason people call him fat
We do have Russell Wilson
It's definitely a risk, but I'll take an exciting risk over another mediocre year.
The whole point is that this whole unanimous thing is being held up by stupid traditions. Jeter is just another player on a long list of people who've been snubbed. Getting 100% of the vote does not mean that they were the best player of all time, it just means that there's no reasonable argument to leave them out which seems applicable to Jeter.
Ultimately it's not a *big* deal for Jeter specifically, but it's going to keep this weird antiquated idea that nobody should be voted in unanimous which is just dumb. And in many ways it's showing that certain people are unqualified to vote because their reasoning is silly. "Other people weren't unanimous" is not a legitimate reason to vote against someone and if that's their position on this stuff, what does that say about their votes on players that actually might not make the hall of fame because they hold antiquated views. The big deal here is that there are people who consistently make illogical decisions on a vote that more or less cements a person's legacy in the game and when it is actually a problem it'll be too late.
It's subjective but there are objective aspects. If someone chooses not to vote someone in because others weren't unanimous, then logically they are never going to vote for anyone unless they are the literal best player which is a problem because people get into the hall of fame based on percentage. You can't just have a percentage not voting for anyone, or at the very least they should be required to articulate that reasoning of what their idea of the hall of fame should be because it'd be so unconventionally far away from what the reality of the hall of fame is.
&gt; Not because he didn’t feel he belonged in there but because of the fact that I don’t think he feels (as do many of us) that Jeter really deserves it. Again, the big problem with this is that it's fundamentally not answering the question on the ballot which really brings into question the credibility of the people who vote for this stuff. Regardless of tradition, the yes or no is not about whether he "'deserves' to be 100%", it's about whether he should be in the hall of fame. There is no reasonable reason to say "no, Jeter does not belong in the hall of fame", and if someone genuinely thinks that then they should be required to articulate it because it's so unconventionally against what the criteria of a hall of fame player is. And to the second part, objectively yes. Players who have played 20+ years for one franchise are already a very limited selection. Among them Derek Jeter is both the winningest and most recent, and one of the few that announced their retirement prior to the season and while still playing a full year at their traditional position, which in itself is already very rare (maybe the only player to have ever done that). To go through a quick google search on them: **Carl Yastrzemski** (Red Sox) who made the all-star team at 42 and 43 at around replacement level play and did not announce his retirement prior to the season. **Brooks Robinson** (Orioles) who did not play full seasons his last two years and only played 24 games his last year. **Al Kaline** (Tigers) immediately announced retirement after getting 3000 hits, and also made the AS game his final season. **Stan Musial** (Cardinals) 3x WS champ, made the AS game his final season, and had an hour long retirement ceremony before his last game including getting his number retired before he himself actually retired. **Mel Ott** (Giants) only played 35 games his last two seasons **George Brett** (Royals) primarily DH'd his last few seasons and retired during the offseason **Walter Johnson** (Senators) retired unceremoniously after requesting release from the Senators. **Ted Lyons** (White Sox) who played one last season after being in the military for three years. **Cal Ripken Jr.** (Orioles) announced his retirement mid-season and made the AS game his final season despite being below replacement level which had the famous position swap with A-Rod, had his number retired prior to his final game and gave a farewell speech as well. **Willie Stargell** (Pirates) didn't play full seasons his last three years. **Luke Appling** (White Sox) didn't play a full season his last year and retired in the offseason **Craig Biggio** (Astros) announced his retirement mid-season, retired in front of a sell-out crowd and was ceremoniously pulled in the 8th inning. **Red Faber** (White Sox) couldn't find much on him besides him being one of the last legal spitballers. **Tony Gwynn** (Padres) was injured most of his last season and only pinch hit, announced his retirement in the middle of the season and was celebrated at the all-star game. **Mel Harder** (Indians) the only person on this list who did not make the Hall of Fame, immediately went to coaching after he retired **Alan Trammell** (Tigers) did not play a full final season and retired in the off-season **Robin Yount** (Brewers) retired in the off season. TL;DR players with comparable legacy either retired in the offseason, did not play full healthy seasons, or announced retirement mid-season and were celebrated. If a player of similar achievement to Jeter announced his retirement at the start of the year and played a full healthy season he'd probably be celebrated as well. The *media* coverage might be different, but the baseball community has absolutely done similar things for similar players. And excluding Mel Ott, Ted Lyons, Luke Appling, Craig Biggio, and Alan Trammell, the rest were all first ballot as well and the percentage more or less increases with time. Many also had one or fewer championships so if another player can be the face of a franchise and win 5 WS in 20 years then they absolutely should get 100% lmao.
[DON'T MIND ME, JUST POSTING A GIF OF AN ALL-STAR](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/75/88/0d/75880dc5531b83552df5244cf98a7dec.gif)
Is it overblown? Of the 15 all-NBA players from 2017, only one didn't make the all-star game. Of the 15 all-NBA players from 2019, only one didn't make the all-star game. Of the three DPOY nominess of 2019, only one didn't make the all-star game. Of the three DPOY nominees of 2018, only one didn't make the all-star game. Of the three DPOY nominees of 2017, only one didn't make the all-star game. You can probably guess who's the player getting snubbed.
They better sell a plushie of this lmao
Yeah, it was a little unbalanced and they started off sort of stiff. There were moments where they were both silent and could've benefited from some more banter or casual commentary mixed in with the analysis heavy stuff. But I think they got a lot better over the course of the block, it shouldn't be surprising that two guys who have never commentated together and probably talk pretty infrequently won't have immediate chemistry with each other.
Pretty much. Jeets is only 4 years older than him and their cultural prime basically overlapped. Trying to imagine Jeter randomly dying really drives home how fucked this is.
Home, it's the holidays
Twi4 has the non animated version that I assume is in the printed volumes.
Twi4 has the non animated version that I assume is in the printed volumes. H
Pretty low bar lol
Pretty low bar lol
It's reasonable, but the stats make it irrational. It's like how it's reasonable to be scared of sharks but it's not rational to avoid the ocean because of it as your chance of being attacked by a shark is astronomically low.
In their defense, getting to the Super Bowl is really fucking hard. In Keuchly's career there were only 10 teams that made it and only 3 that made it more than once. If your definition of not wasting a talent is multiple Super Bowl appearances then almost everyone in the NFL is having their talent wasted. Ofc I wish we had won, but even just getting there puts us in a minority of teams.
Damn, I'm not even in Utah and this pisses me off. It's super grimy considering that the risk of free chicken is essentially the price they pay to run an advertisement. Backing out is a pretty chicken shit move.
&gt; payroll differential is an unfair advantage for the Yankees The biggest fraud in sports is cheap billionaire owners convincing fans that letting them pocket more money instead of paying the players that we all love is somehow better for the fans. Especially in a sport without a hard cap, it's just ridiculous.
The "trust nobody, not even yourself" meme
Kyuu-chan is where it's at
I'm in CT so this is never an issue :'(
I think it'd be kind of cool if another legendary player makes it with that number, carry on the legacy and such, but I totally understand that it is likely a burden or distraction for the players who currently wear it.
Oh yeah, I'm sure a lot of it is and they don't want to be "that guy", especially if it's just a fringe player like Oni. But personally it probably feels weird to wear it now without some personal connection to Kobe and I'm sure many of them wouldn't want to come off as disrespectful.
After seeing Shaq talk about Kobe it really made me think that they should've played yesterday. Sometimes having something like that when the emotions are still raw can really help everyone get it out and recover with the players and fans supporting each other, and it also would've been a fitting distraction from the tragedy. Obviously if the players couldn't then it is what it is, but I think it would've helped.
I think he mentioned that it might be his last chance to realistically get in as a player so if he wants to try then more power to him. I think it'd be cool to see him try and get back to top 100 form. What I'm more curious about is if he'll still be there as a commentator even if he doesn't get a spot as a player.
&gt; He should be trying to get his shit together for his own sake. Do you think he hasn't been trying??
It's so fucking weird. People are saying that it was a bad move by us to get him, but it wasn't, there's no way anyone could have expected such a sharp decline. It's just completely out of the blue.
Yeah, at this point we need him to be our guy, and he certainly has the resume to be our guy. But sometimes shit just doesn't work out and that's how it is, there's no need to knock on his work ethic just because he can't figure it out.
*laughs in Ishigami x Hayasaka*
Ikr, I don't think most people would even sell a rubiks cube for 25 cents lmaoo
I wanted to see Greg throw Cam a touchdown pass goddammit
https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/e8lqvd/-/fad8bf9 Saved this thread just for this.
&gt; As lame as this is, UConn fans (football and basketball) never got excited about AAC teams regardless of how good those teams were Yeah, I see a lot of AAC fans acting like UConn fans dislike playing them because their teams are bad, but it's really just because no one feels any sort of connection with the AAC. Fans in CT don't care about Tulsa or Tulane no matter how good they are because there's no regional identity to it, it has nothing to do with the actual quality of the teams.
&gt; Also, the stadium is awful The rent is so bad. They're taking an already bad football team and absolutely gimping any chance of people caring about them by putting the stadium way the fuck off-campus. No student wants to take a 40min bus ride to watch a team get embarrassed and no player wants to run out to an empty stadium that has no atmosphere of college excitement. Having one of the farthest off-campus stadiums in D1 is not what you want given their current position.
By far my favorite player of all time. I really hope someone good and not wife beatery gets his number soon, I want to get a 55 no name at some point.
Hard to subtly decline when you're improving
Terrible? We've been chokers, but far from terrible, especially given where the program was recently. We beat #15 Florida by 3, lost to #18 Xavier by 1 in double OT, lost to #23 Wichita by 3 in double OT, lost #14 Villanova by 6, and lost to #25 Houston by 4. We're 73 on Kenpom despite all that. Another year of Hurley's own recruits + BE draw will certainly help next year, probably not top 25 but certainly in a good position.
[JPerm's video helps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Rbb2H8A7ms)
Why not, magnets are pretty cheap and it's a fun thing to try out.
&gt; Martin Luther king jr Remind me what happened to him? He peacefully protested and everyone agreed and he got to live to an old age amid all the progress he helped make right.
This comment is so dense I could throw it through a shop window.
The Civil Rights Act of 1968 was pushed through almost as a direct response to the extreme rioting that happened after King's death. I'm not downplaying what he was able to do and the power of peaceful protest, but to act like rioting is not an effective tool for action is just not true, especially when you add in the fact that the two most prominent peaceful protesters were killed for their troubles.
It annoys me too, I honestly have no idea why they do it like that. It'd be easier for me to post as well if I could just crosspost the discussion thread.
Why not, magnets are cheap and it's a pretty easy process. YLM is very good once magnetized, definitely comparable with any other $15 cube.
It's mostly just getting your hand used to doing those movements. Beyond that you can look into better algs for some PLL or OLL cases so you're using mostly R/L U moves.
You should be able to considering moves like F are identical to their counterpart B'
People have been protesting both peacefully and violently for a long time on this issue. Like literally the exact same thing 30 years apart. It really shouldn't be surprising that if nothing gets done it will eventually escalate. Again, it's not to say that peaceful protest isn't an important element, but to brush off the reason for this violence with "peaceful protests work, why aren't they taking the higher ground" is just incredibly tone deaf to how long people have been fighting this issue and unfairly puts the burden on them to just keep waiting it out. How many lifetimes are people supposed to wait before it's okay to do something about it? In an ideal world I don't want to encourage this, but the reality is that if the people in power don't feel a little threatened they will have very little incentive to change and more extreme protesting is a tool to get to that goal. Edit: Especially in the modern era. In the 60's raising awareness was more of a factor considering the more rudimentary travel of information and how the exposure to problems was more genuinely limited. In the modern day with the internet the awareness of the issue is already present, whether or not something is done about it is another question.
Depends on what you're looking for. You could fill out the non big cube WCA puzzles with Pyraminx, Megaminx, Skewb, and Squan. You could get some shape mods like Mirror, Ghost, or Axis. You could get some non-WCA stuff like Kilominx, Dino cube, or 8 petal. You could just get something funny like a banana cube. Personally I'd recommend trying out the WCA stuff because it's a good well rounded group of puzzles with different styles that can help you figure out what kind of puzzles you like. For $50 you could get the YuXin Little Magic squan ($8), the QiYi MS Pyraminx ($9), the Cyclone Boys Skewb ($10), and YJ YuHu Megaminx ($10) and still have some money left over for something else. If you don't mind waiting you could also buy from China and get a little more bang for your buck that way.
I'm disappointed. Even if they were going to be cut anyway, the *Yankees* can surely afford to extend some good will to these guys and at least wait until things normalize before doing this.
Definitely Mystic, although Norwalk is still fun even though it's significantly smaller.
Or they haven't seen today. Considering they're rioting right now.
They are literally having riots and protests right now.
It *is* good proof that the free market doesn't produce the best ideas.
Does anyone know of other side lit keycaps besides[ this Drop](https://drop.com/buy/npkc-gradient-pbt-doubleshot-side-lit-keycap-set) set?
Impact on some king shit, you love to see it.
I would recommend the V2 if you're getting your first speedcube considering the TengYun V2 is very similar to V1 but has more customizability so you can mess around with it and figure out what kind of feeling you like with a cube. It is worth mentioning that if you're just starting out you don't need a super high end cube either, there are very good budget options that you can improve on as well. It's not a big deal, but if you are concerned about saving money it's usually best to improve on a budget cube first before spending money on a flagship cube because by the time you are good enough for a flagship cube to make a difference there will likely be better options out.
&gt;On whether he is a libertarian like his character Ron Swanson, Offerman has stated, "While I admire the philosophy of the libertarian mindset, I think it's proven to be ineffectual in actual governance. So no, I'm not. I'm a free-thinking American." From his Wikipedia.
Idk, free ponies sounds like socialism to me.
If you don't mind waiting a while you could get it from a Chinese store such as AliExpress or Ziicube. It's a little cheaper too, about 25-30 but you have to wait about a month for shipping depending on where you are. The Little Magic is also an excellent cube, especially if you magnetize it which is a pretty easy process.
Lol yeah, rubiks brand is extremely loud on top of not being good. The YLM is a great upgrade.
People like when companies do things they like and don't like when companies do things they don't like. Libright is truly too big brain for us.
Tbf dual colour neutral is very easy to pick up, you should be able to get similar times pretty quickly. It's doing the other four colours that can take a while and hurt your time.
I feel like there's a distinction between MGC Elite and MGC, even though the MGC Elite line only has two cubes atm.
&gt; Just because you are unable to fathom a man and woman have a healthy platonic friendship (one of the best ones in manga ever) doesnt make you right Lmao what is this condescending nonsense. I said I went on a whole rant about this topic, I guess I have to do it again. This isn't a shipping problem, it's the fact that Kubo tries to use Ichigo and Rukia's relationship as a bookend within the series without actually giving it any sort of meaningful conclusion or resolution and the series is consistently mixed on whether their relationship is supposed to be a central focus or not. Many traditionally written story are built on a catalyst, what puts the story in motion, and that catalyst is usually defining in terms of what the central narrative within the story is, i.e what the story is fundamentally about. Some examples might be Naruto and Sasuke, Edward and the Philosopher's Stone, Raku and Chitoge, Light and the Death Note, etc. these stories have a clear focus on those relationships. If someone asked me what the story of Naruto is about, saying it's the story of Naruto and Sasuke would be a pretty good answer because the lineage of that relationship extends throughout the whole narrative and it's something that can be consistently called back to. Obviously many of these relationships end up branching and transforming to encompass much more, but at their core that's why there is a story and if you want to utilize something such as bookending within your writing, specifically to call back to the catalyst, it only really makes sense to do so when that catalyst has held up as a focal point to tie everything together. Even if the story becomes deviated or expanded from that core point, the bookend is supposed to bring the focus back to the beginning and offer resolution and contrast to the initial starting point and is most effective when it can consistently draw from that main focus throughout the narrative. Bleach is *very* incoherent in that regard. It has a clear catalyst, the relationship between Rukia and Ichigo, and it also tries to use that catalyst as a bookend, but it does not keep that relationship as a central thread in the story and the bookend ultimately is ineffective in actually encapsulating what the story is about because of it. In the first two arcs, up until saving Rukia, the relationship between Ichigo and Rukia is undeniably the core driver and focus of the story. Without their relationship there is no story to tell and no conflict to have, and saying that Bleach is the story of Ichigo and Rukia would be pretty accurate. However this becomes replaced by Aizen after the rescue arc and their relationship is put on the back burner thereafter, even following Aizen's defeat, as both the substitute arc and the 1000 year arc have very little to do with Rukia or with each other. However, Kubo seemingly doesn't want to completely abandon that focus because he consistently calls back to Rukia in the pivotal moments, such as the end of Aizen's arc and the climax of the substitute arc which both directly draw from their relationship while still having it just out of focus. And in the epilogue the final moment is shared between Rukia and Ichigo, not any other story element, and he even titled the final chapter and volume the same as the first as a direct call back to their relationship. So it's a huge mixed bag of messages and story elements, on one hand he doesn't use their relationship as a focal element but on the other he doesn't entirely move on from it either, and you're not quite sure what Kubo is trying to say about the importance of their relationship within the context of the story. If he had just completely moved on from Rukia and Ichigo as a focus this wouldn't be a problem, but the fact that he calls back to it occasionally enough and that he tries to use it as a definitive bookend just ends up making the ending extremely sloppy. Again, a bookend is supposed to not only call back to the beginning of the story, but to also act as a contrast and show the conclusion of that catalyst relationship if you want to use it as a bookend. This just doesn't work well enough or have the correct impact or satisfaction of a bookend when the relationship you're calling back to has not been a focus for the majority of the story at this point and if their relationship has not fundamentally changed since the second arc. That's why I believe having them end up together would at least salvage some part of that ending because even if you can't fix the problem of the Rukia Ichigo relationship having not been a central focus, at least if they ended up together it would serve as some sort of meaningful conclusion to the relationship that the initial story was established upon. The way the Aizen arc ended is a great example of a non-romantic way that would work too, but since that train came and went you have to come up with significance in the conclusion through something else. As is, the way Kubo tried to use that bookend was just terrible because it's so meaningless considering how little their relationship has moved since the rescue arc. It could've been the same exact bookend 400 chapters ago and thus it's just ineffective in trying to encapsulate Bleach as a whole which is the fundamental point of the bookend trope. As a whole if their relationship was supposed to be an effective bookend, much of the thematic core of Bleach would have to be overhauled, but at least having them end up together is a quick fix to this point. Hell, look at the anime as a counter example, they handle their relationship much better and do their best to put more emphasis on it, thus their bookend is miles more effective than the bookend that's present in the manga. Bleach as a whole is extremely thematically incoherent and the handling of Ichigo and Rukia's relationship is the epitome of that incoherency imo. If I could rewrite Bleach the main thing that I would change would be giving the story better focus as to what it's actually about. To boil it down to "you can't think of characters not being in love with each other" is just such a shallow take.
&gt;That's why I believe having them end up together would at least salvage some part of that ending because even if you can't fix the problem of the Rukia Ichigo relationship having not been a central focus, at least if they ended up together it would serve as some sort of meaningful conclusion to the relationship that the initial story was established upon. The way the Aizen arc ended is a great example of a non-romantic way that would work too, but since that train came and went you have to come up with significance in the conclusion through something else. As is, the way Kubo tried to use that bookend was just terrible because it's so meaningless considering how little their relationship has moved since the rescue arc. There are non-romantic ways this would work, Bleach has an example in itself of how that would work, but if we're talking about quick fixes then I can't think of any that would be sufficiently meaningful to actually make the bookend feel better without changing even more of the story beyond that.
My point is that Kubo *already* did that. The ending of Bleach specifically highlights their relationship so at the very least it would make more sense if he gave that relationship an additional conclusion so it actually made sense as a bookend to the series. As is their relationship is not a bookend to the series, it's a bookend to the first two arcs and just feels out of place when used in the last chapter.
???
Initial impressions seem to indicate that the MGC is pretty good at half the price, but you might as well wait until some more reviews come out.
Any particular reason you think it's less interesting?
What's your budget and are you looking for any qualities in particular? There's a pretty wide range of good options currently.
If it doesn't work there might be something wrong with your cube such as twisted or flipped pieces or misplaced stickers.
I don't really care if copaganda is showing the police how to be better at their jobs. The mentality he has of not being above anyone is severely lacking across the country.
If there's nothing wrong with your cube then the tutorial should work just fine.
If you're following directions it's very easy to solve the whole thing. Unless you can show some video or a picture of what you're getting stuck on I don't know what to tell you.
Well you're going to have to confront it at some point. If they have a problem with something as benign as cubing then I can't see that being a good sign for other things in the future. You have to talk to them and ask if there's specific things they have a problem with because those can all be remedied. If for some reason they have a problem in general there's easy ways to explain the merits that the hobby has.
I wouldn't say people save OLL for last because they hate it, it's just usually saved for last because it has the lowest reward/cost ratio. There are a ton of cases to learn and even if they aren't too bad, it's still 57 algs to get to which takes time. And the improvement in your solve time between two look and full OLL is pretty marginal, maybe a second or two. Of all the steps in CFOP it's the one that will make the least amount of difference so usually it's not a big deal to learn it until you've improved and saved time in the places that are both easier and make a bigger difference like full PLL, better f2l, and better cross.
Of those the MGC should be the best.
Absolutely. Some schools at the higher end are easily 60-80k a year.
There are realistic shooters that are CS clones that are very popular in East Asia, specifically CrossFire and SuddenAttack, they just are pretty much unknown in the west. It is interesting that Apex specifically is pretty big tho.
It's funny that Dayan v1's box was pretty much a rip off of the Moyu box and the Dayan v2 box is pretty much a rip off of the Gan box.
They should be basically the same except for the size, the WRM is smaller by 2mm I think.
&gt;If you wish you cast votes you must succeed in the arena of death. That's a novel way to refer to the free market.
The AFL supports trans rights
No, and I wouldn't want to rush it anyway. He's gonna be here for a while, I'd rather have him healthy in the future than specifically this season.
I'd magnetize it. Meilong is a good cube and the difference to a flagship is not really big enough for me to justify the cost at least. And you can always buy another cube later on anyway.
The YLM should already be comparable to the MS so I don't really see the point in getting that one. I'd recommend the MGC if money is a concern, but honestly the YLM is fine.
The Kraken and Godzilla being next to each other is pretty neat tho.
https://i.imgflip.com/4465re.jpg
There's not much point if you don't enjoy it, but if you really want to get back it despite not being motivated, think about what you enjoy about cubing. For example, if you have fun in learning new things to do maybe try learning another event like BLD of OH. If you enjoy the collecting aspect or trying new puzzles maybe get something new for yourself. But again, if you're just not interested in doing it there's not much point in forcing yourself to do it and sometimes if you take a break the interest will come back eventually.
[You mean lesbian and gay rights activist Brenna Shapiro?](https://66.media.tumblr.com/1f936ef7f145e0edbd2eb0aa0838253b/tumblr_pqgxl8hr9m1ricjp4_540.jpg)
*roll safe* Can't suck on stage if they don't end up playing on stage.
&gt; Stop blaming Russia for all your homegrown problems I want you to find one person who's mad about these killings who blames *Russia*. What is this delusion.
The updated version is basically "he shoulda shot Gary"
I might be wrong but iirc Judge doesn't say what race he is because he's not 100% sure of his race given that he was adopted. He's definitely partially black and it's just assumed that he's probably biracial given his appearance, but I don't even think he knows for sure.
Any good cube. It depends a lot more in terms of what you're looking for in a cube instead of what skill level you are.
Also Authright: why are gays and trannys so leftist.
I mean Obama didn't grow up in Chicago but they love him all the same. W's lived in Texas for a lot of his life, like him or not it's really ridiculous to say that he's not a "Texan" unless you have an unreasonably strict definition.
&gt; burning it in order to make living space, commercial space, and recreational space It's mostly just burnt for agriculture. And the fundamental problem is that economic incentive does not adequately factor in future environmental damage over short term profit. If you have to manufacture economic activity in order to stop long term global environmental damage, maybe the problem is with the economic system rather than with the lack of incentive.
I would rather have more forests absorbing CO2 instead of putting an even larger burden on the ocean as a carbon sink given that we know very little of the long term effects of carbon sequestration within the ocean and what we have observed so far such as increased acidification is generally pretty bad.
I find that to be a stretch, both in the fact that there are many other reasons environmentalists believe in protecting nature beyond moral obligation, and that many solutions are predicated on specifically disrupting natural flow in order to ensure future sustainability.
Thank you for the request, comrade. Ulvennar has said the n-word 4 times in his last 5 comments, all hard r's, and honestly I'm afraid to keep scrolling down. &gt;[The only meat I touch is minority corpses while cleaning the streets.](https://www.reddit.com/r/PoliticalCompassMemes/comments/gxwvh5/the_compass_reacts_to_homosexuality/ft8dckd/) Like honestly, wtf.
I don't think anything like that exists. I guess you could just print out scrambles and go through them? But honestly, just use your phone at that point.
It's mostly time and practice above anything else. You'll have to get to a point where you not only are very proficient at recognizing pairs, but can do them without thinking and that opens up the ability to then look ahead while doing a pair instead of focusing on it. There's efficiency stuff too ofc but all the little tricks and optimal solutions are still bottlenecked by that base level of practice.
Because that's what a lot of their rhetoric is predicated upon, unselfishness and taking on the government with guns. I'm talking about the minority that goes beyond self defense and talk about this idea of the "good guy with a gun stopping a bad guy with a gun" in situations such as school shootings or civilian violence, or that they will forcefully fight the government if they attack their rights such as making them stay in quarantine or arresting them without reasoning. The police have ticked both those boxes in the recent protest suppression but there doesn't seem to much unrest coming from that particular demographic. And again, I'm not saying I actually expect anyone to go and pop a cop, but it does make me look at a Trump or a Hannity type talking about how gun ho they'd be to stop violence or infringement of rights and wonder where all the bluster went.
I mean, can you really blame us for thinking alt rights are racist when you check the comment history of the guy you're replying to. It's almost exclusively about killing black people, hunting black people, cleaning corpses of minorities off the street, and masturbating to Korean girls.
Yes, that's the fundamental unfairness of this global issue and why the "moral" thing to do would be for developed countries to subsidize development and protection in less developed areas and allow them to properly leapfrog technologically into modern sustainable living without having to also exploit natural resources themselves. But once we leave the world of fantasy we have rich nations with a fuck you got mine mentality and poor nations with a fuck you let me pollute too mentality which goes back to this being an issue with the basic economic system.
I know what you're thinking, no libright, you can't buy black people anymore.
I don't know for sure, but it's possible that Leopold did know of the greenhouse effect when he wrote Land Ethic considering that the idea of CO2 as a greenhouse gas had been present since the late 1890's and there had already been study that considered the Earth as currently warming by the 1930's. Even without greenhouse gases specifically there were similar environmental concerns regarding other pollutants such as DDT and lead within the environment that would generally adhere to similar principles in terms of environmental protection that were starting to catch on around the same period. If you want a better example of pure "environmental ethic" from a more intrinsic view you could look at the works of Thoreau who came about a century before him, but even he was inspired by both the scientific element of nature and emphasized an element of balance between the natural world and the human world rather than purely speaking in terms of protecting the environment by itself. He spoke of how the natural world elevated humans and was more inclined to protect the environment on a mix of the recreational and inherent benefits he believed people get out of it, not moral obligation. I think regardless it's very hard to detach environmentalism from science and an element of inherent value people get from nature, so I think the idea that early environmentalism was driven by a moral obligation is a bit flawed and definitely very hard to attach to the idea of preserving racial demographics. Even many of the early environmentalists didn't see conservation as just something to do to keep things alive but saw the environment as fundamentally enriching and beneficial for people as a whole.
I mean, if he was smart enough to read the initial report he wouldn't have linked it so I expected as much.
It's not bantz, bantz require you to have something for me to make fun of. I can't make fun of "you typed words so I didn't read them".
If you are willing to wait you can get the MGC for a couple dollars more, it's very comparable to a flagship for about 17-18 dollars on a Chinese site. If your budget is strict tho the YLM is a good choice as well, but not as good as the MGC.
I knew Arnold Schwarzenegger was a good vote.
My distinction is that I think there is a slight difference between the ideas of "moral obligation" and "intrinsic value" within environmentalism. Moral obligation seems to come from the angle that elements of nature need to be preserved either because humans have no right to destroy ecosystems and drive other species to extinction, humans are uniquely important stewards of the natural world, or that there is a fundamental importance to the natural world that should be protected. This angle of conservation I see more so in environmentalism that draws from divinity or religion, which hold to some extent the idea that we must protect this fundamentally important element of nature not necessarily because it benefits us in any specific way but because we as the dominant species have the ability to, hence the obligation part. I'm not particularly well knowledged on this element of environmental thought because it doesn't really overlap heavily with my own beliefs, so there may be some errors in my interpretation, but you can see this sort of thinking in Christian environmentalism, especially in that early pre-climate change and environmental problem period. They have an inherently anthropocentric view of the Earth and environmental ethics that has humans acting as the divine ordained protectors of the rest of God's creations. Intrinsic value is similar to some of these ideas but differentiates itself in saying that not only is there a fundamental importance to the environment but that fundamental importance is manifested in a range of intangible and tangible benefits for humans. We should protect the environment not just because we are obligated to do so but because nature enriches life and the human experience that other areas of life cannot replicate. This is more in line with what a Thoreau would say and Leopold kinda occupies that middle ground, some points speaking to humans as a steward and other that more so emphasized humans incorporating more of nature into their lives. Ultimately one reason I don't put Leopold so much in the moral obligation camp is because there was emphasis on the idea of harmony between land and humans which would seem to imply that rather than strict protection his views more so believe that there is some element that humans can gain from living in tandem with nature. And generally modern scientific studies that look at human physical and mental health in relation to nature and the environment support this latter view that there is a somewhat unquantifiable property of nature that enriches human life in addition to the more practical reasons for environmentalism. The TLDR is that moral obligation provides the base idea that nature is fundamentally important and should be protected while intrinsic value specifically adds that the fundamental importance is because of the benefits nature gives to humans and even early environmentalists tended to learn more towards the latter instead of the former, at least in my view. I don't necessarily know if this was exactly the view that you were going for, but at least for me that's how I view this particular issue. And even though modern environmentalists are fairly firmly within the intrinsic value realm and a lot of focus on ethics now is in continuing to show the value of the environment, elements of conservation will still frequently blur the distinction and have some parts that dip back into moral obligation. As for how this relates to racial diversity, I would disagree that the right and left are opposed in ideas of racial diversity being a good or bad thing, the divide is more in how it should be approached. Barring the portion of the right that are racial-supremacists, if we're just talking about the right that wants to maintain traditional culture and heritage, I think that's something that doesn't go against what the left wants. But for the right they believe that the only effective way to do this is to create ethnostates while the left believes in balancing preservation of racial culture with intermingling and sharing that culture with outsiders. The parallel to the moral obligation and intrinsic value idea is that the right seem to want to preserve the diversity of traditional values as more of a "because they should and it's important" angle while the left adds that "they are important because having a diversity of cultures interacting with each other enriches the human experience". It's a difference between independent diversity through isolation or mixed diversity through integration and it's similar to those who want to protect the environment from any human influence and those who want to incorporate the environment with human life to help bolster both. To put it even more broadly you could see it as the divide between traditionalists and futurists, their goals are the same but what they are afraid of and how they want to achieve those goals are different. There's even a whole subset of environmentalism that would argue that it's fundamentally for human centric benefits and you can be environmentalist despite only caring about humans and not caring about the environment in the abstract, but that's probably a separate tangent.
Boohoo, the racist boy can't read. Again, I wish you had more substance to make fun of, but all I can really say is that if you could read either what I wrote or what the article wrote you would see that neither debunks each other, you're just an idiot.
That's fair, I have the YuPo too and my main issue is that I feel like it corner twists too easily when you squeeze it the wrong way, but I'm not a great 2x2 solver so it might just be me. The Elite should be better but 2x2 is always hard to give good recommendations for because it's so preference based on the high end.
Jperm has a basic tutorial and [Kian](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj_IsOCJS3k) has more indepth stuff
The caveat is that things like glass are very heavy and inefficient to transport compared to other recyclables so there's argument that the energy used offsets the recycling benefit depending on the specific logistics of where you recycle.
The best way to stop losing pens is to get a good pen.
Tbf they shut down that store pretty quickly for doing that so it's not necessarily contradictory.
Sure, but I don't think disagreeing with an extreme minority in your quadrant is unique to libleft.
The whole corona situation is an embarrassment. It's really not a surprise that the people most against taking measures to prevent the spread of this disease are also the people who are most upset about the disease spreading and preventing them from doing things they like.
I was bored so I tallied the people in each picture. Disclaimer that both pictures are pretty low quality and I can't tell for sure what ethnicity someone is just by looking at them, especially for the Trump photo, but here's the general count that I got. I also threw in the expected count if we go by the demographics of the United States and the percentage compared to that expected count. ||Obama Count|Trump Count|Expected Count|Obama Percentage|Trump Percentage| :--|--:|--:|--:|--:|--:| |White Males|20|47|27|74%|174%| |White Females|28|36|27|104%|133%| |Black Males|3|1|6|50%|17%| |Black Females|20|0|6|333%|0%| |Hispanic Males|3|1|8|38%|13%| |Hispanic Females|3|2|8|38%|25%| |Asian Males|5|2|3|167%|67%| |Asian Females|9|2|3|300%|67%| |Males Total|31|51|45|67%|113%| |Females Total|60|40|45|133%|89%| It goes without saying that Obama's is considerably more diverse as Trump is underrepresented in every minority, although Obama's is not necessarily closer to the expected as he has considerably more females, specifically black females, relative to the expected. The other interesting note was that Hispanics are very underrepresented in both, although they're probably the hardest to identify in a very pixelated photo so take it with a grain of salt.
What's your budget? I'd say the best 4x4's based on budget from cheapest to most expensive are the Meilong, YLM, MGC, and WRM.
OLL and PLL? You don't "need" them to be fast depending on what your definition of fast is. You can get very good with just two look OLL and PLL which is much more manageable. The majority of the solve will almost always be F2L and if you'll be fast regardless of last layer. However, they represent some of the easiest and most direct ways to improve your time, other areas of improvement often require much more effort in order to make a substantial improvement.
It's really easy to do by yourself and it's not even a big deal if you mess up if you're doing them on a budget cube like the YLM.
Why, it literally says the time frame the data is sourced from at the bottom.
You could always use the 4x4 as a 2x2 lol The two are pretty different so it really doesn't matter which you get first. Just depends on what you're looking for, something more complex and involved or something easier with lots of potential optimization.
Median is a measure of average. It's median and mean that do not have the same meaning.
Plus given the current happenings it'd be extra difficult for him to try and push back against the removal. It's better for everyone that he's just letting it go.
So glad I got to see them in New York a while back. They're super nice and I got them to sign my [Amber Mammoth](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/CrystalBeastAmberMammoth-RYMP-EN-SR-1E.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/340?cb=20120223221508) LOL
It's bitterweet that Don has to be in the comments calling people out, but it's still really nice to see him help push the cause.
Yeah, I was wondering what would be something a little more fun and unique for them to sign and I settled on that. I played Yugioh for a long time, it matches their band name, plus it looks pretty nice and is easy to put in a top loader lol. I should try to get some more bands to sign cards in the future. The best part too was that it was a free concert, a nice perk of listening to more niche music I guess. Hopefully they do another trip to the US soon.
99, that's a good number.
They really should lower the rim for women's basketball. I get the logistical concerns, but having the rim be the same as the men's despite the players being 8+ inches shorter on average really stifles creative options imo and just doesn't make a ton of sense in terms of a game design perspective. And in defense of baseball, it's going for a pretty different experience compared to basketball. Idly watching it on a summer evening while shooting the shit with your friends is very relaxing. It's a comfortable sport because it's passivity punctuated by action and even if you lose there's probably another game tomorrow so there's not as much stress regarding each outcome.
That would have more meaning if he wasn't constantly adding more dumb stuff to that list everyday. Acknowledging it doesn't mean a whole lot if he's never really grown up from that point.
Gotta love the free market
I really need to get a Matsui jersey. I don't think anyone will ever surpass him as my favorite player.
But you're a high schooler who played it in one PE class. That's not at all the same as a paid professional adapting to that change and to think that they wouldn't be able to adjust is just not true. Look at football for example, in which they've pushed back the extra point twice throughout history. Each time it got more difficult but each time they eventually adjusted to the point where it was basically the same accuracy as before they pushed it back. Or hell, even the three point line in the NBA which they've moved around throughout the years. Saying players need to adjust is just not a good reason to avoid a rule change in any sport. As for shooting threes, you're completely forgoing the point about a diversity in styles of play. Dunks are not inherently exciting, if everyone only dunked all the time that wouldn't be a good game either. But the NBA has a balance that allows for front court big men and back court shooters to coexist and both have value in their skill set. It allows for different styles to attack offensively and makes things more strategically interesting. If you are missing one aspect or another then it's just going to be fundamentally less diverse in terms of what players can do. If there isn't a threat of a dunk there isn't a need to develop strategy to defend it. People want to see crazy shots and crazy dunks, right now the women's game has to rely primarily on the former. To get the amount of women that are able to dunk in the WNBA to be the same as the amount of men that can dunk in the NBA they absolutely need a lower rim. A handful of anomalous short people that can dunk is not a compelling argument, especially if you pick literally the most extreme example of it ever happening in the NBA. If your one counter point is one dude who dunked almost 30 years ago it's not a very good counterpoint. Even with sufficient training only a very small minority of men that tall would be able to dunk, it'd be even more difficult for women. You'd be among the shortest players to dunk in the NBA if you did so at 6ft yet that's the *average* WNBA height. Beyond the fact that people like Spud Webb need to be insane athletes even among men, let alone women, to be able to dunk, the strategic value of dunking as a tool is reduced if you have to put an extreme amount of effort to go up for one as opposed to just laying it in. Again, it's not just the pure physical ability to dunk, it's how it actually allows for a diversity in play. Not everyone needs to dunk in the NBA, but there are people who can which makes it interesting. No one is arguing that a woman can't dominate the same way as a Steph or a Trae, the problem is that no one can dominate like a Shaq or a Giannis because the dimensions of the game don't lend itself to that. The talent level is not the same but it doesn't need to be. Beyond the fact that talent is more concentrated, there are other women's sports in which the women's talent is lesser than the men's and yet they do better than their men's counterpart. And imo strategy is a limiting, albeit not determining, factor to interest in the game. The women's game is strategically less versatile, I don't need to beat a dead horse on that point. I don't disagree that they haven't had their MJ, hence why I said that the WNBA counter parts were merely Jordan-esque, but then this whole argument about inspiring people to play the game just becomes conflated with the same argument of the cultural difficulty. The way you're even arguing this highlights that, where it's about a player's "impact" not just their dominance or style of play. Well, what made MJ have his impact? He was marketable, sure, but that came off of both his dominance and his style of play and a core component to his style of play was his versatility and his ability to dunk. For fuck's sake man, his nickname is Air Jordan, his logo is literally him dunking, you're an idiot if you think that that didn't help create the image he has today. There's a marketability present in that and even if it's not the end all be all, it sure helps. To address the arguments for lowering the rim, Tina's is just not good imo because it's mostly just hinged on this idea that it's "disrespectful" which comes off a lot more as perceived disrespect than actual disrespect. There's a lot of actual sexist stuff regarding how people view the WNBA but lowering the rim is not really one of them. As she says herself, they already play on a different ball, is that disrespectful? College players have a different three point line, is that disrespectful? Women's volleyball has a lower net, is that disrespectful? Men's and women's gymnastics have a ton of differences, is that disrespectful? To compare it to wearing skirts is just such a stretch because wearing skirts doesn't offer some increased variety in playstyle, it would just be purely a sexist thing. But lowering the rim has a very tangible effect on how you can play the game. Basketball, maybe more than any other sport abuses the natural physical advantage of height. I don't see a problem in accommodating the physical difference in men's and women's basketball if there's an 8 inch gap between the average men and women's height and an additional gap in vertical jump height. Other sports don't need to accommodate for this difference as much because their games don't change as much based on physical difference. There's a pace difference if you were to play a game of soccer between two 7 foot teams and two 5 foot teams but there's not as much stylistic difference because you can still generally do all the same things regardless of what the average height of the players is. Breanna's argument is much more reasonable. Of course she wouldn't want to change the height because all her mechanics are fine tuned for the rim as is and it would hurt her play a lot to have that sort of change. However, it's not really an argument against the actual benefits of lowering the rim from a gameplay perspective, just a logistical difficulty for current players. If you asked other players who are fine tuned to their task like an MLB pitcher if they would like a neutral change, they'd probably also say no because they make a living by being good within the current confines. But that doesn't mean that it wouldn't be good for the game as a whole once players adapt to it, which they would certainly be able to eventually. To add another person who thinks the rim should be lowered, [Geno Auriemma](https://www.espn.com/womens-college-basketball/story?id=8543879&amp;_slug_=geno-auriemma-uconn-huskies-coach-thinks-rims-lowered-women-basketball). So it's definitely not a wildly unpopular opinion. I'd say the biggest argument against lowering the rim is the fact that it would require large scale infrastructure change in high schools, in colleges, in parks, etc. It's not as easy as lowering a net or having a smaller ball and I think that hurdle is *by far* the biggest difficulty and the most worthwhile argument, especially when the women's game already has difficulty in resources. But hey, that doesn't prevent softball from existing which is much less logical than lowering the hoop imo. And in the abstract I think the diversity in play would be very good and my problem with arguments like yours is that I feel like none of them actually talk about how women being able to dunk is bad for the game or how the current game is as good or better in terms of that strategic diversity as the men's. It's almost always these logistical problems, not actual discussion on game design. I've yet to see an argument that has made me think that adding that option would be bad. So I'm of the view that they should just bite the bullet and do it because it only gets more difficult the later they make the transition.
Long term gains &gt; short term gains. And building a better sport &gt; money. It's better to make these changes now when it's still more feasible to do so and before more money comes in that makes it more difficult. Versatility in play will improve the overall product so it will give more money, but the focus shouldn't be on that anyway because ultimately the success of the WNBA is tied more to culture than the game and that culture can be built regardless so why not try and improve the game while you're at it.
&gt; K but you don’t decide that, do you? When did I ever say otherwise? And they might not necessarily disagree, I already noted that by far the biggest problem is setting up infrastructure and the logistics for this stuff, they could still all agree on the base idea but not go through yet because of the investment needed. You keep repeating these arguments that "It won't guarantee it'll make a better game" but none of your points actually say *why* it wouldn't be a better game. Like none of this &gt;Idk about you but I REALLY doubt a half inch lower will result in that many more dunks and anything much lower than that takes the magic out of dunking is based on anything more than a hunch of what you feel. First, of course they would lower it more than half inch, duh. It'd probably be around the height difference, i.e 8 inches lower. That's how much lower the net in women's volleyball is. You could probably go even further, but anything within 6-12 inches lower is pretty reasonable. Second, it's not just dunks, it's general front court play and obviously a lower hoop would facilitate that. I don't see how it would take the magic out of dunking when it's still very impressive for a 6 foot woman to dunk on a 9 foot rim, and, guess what, they're not dunking right now so there isn't even any magic to take away. Nothing you said actually explains *why* you think the game wouldn't be better. And for your edit, again, you're just not getting the point. I shouldn't need to beat a dead horse over and over again, allowing for dunks and more front court play isn't about being "saucy" it's about having more offensive diversity and versatility within the game, giving women more weapons to work with. Adding dunks *literally* doesn't take away "saucy" plays, you can still break ankles and cross people up when dunks are in the game, that's what all the players you listed already do. Clearly dunking being a factor hasn't stopped them from not dunking and being good, so what are you worried about. It's the fact that you can have vastly different playstyles that make it more interesting, not just being "saucy". I could even argue that making the defense cover more things helps set up those plays. A big threatening a dunk makes it so the defender might need to bite harder on the drive which can then set up a "saucy" play from back court.
From what I've seen in terms of reviews and such I think ultimately the v1 is a very unique feeling cube so it has a louder contingent of supporters with some people really liking it and some people really not liking it. The v2 is more middle of the road so I'd venture to say it's more suited for the average cuber, especially with the additional customization options, but you can't quite get it to feel like the v1 so the people who really liked the v1 don't like the v2 as much.
&gt;You don’t KNOW any of this shit you’re just saying shit as if it’s fact Then dispute it. The ability to dunk adds offensive versatility and better front court options that are not present in the women's game. If you don't think that's a fact then actually give me an argument worth responding to. I'm going to have to assume you're an idiot if you keep saying it's not true but the only argument you're peddling is that "it'll make players shots worse for a while" which we've already established as a non-issue if we're talking about the long term of the game. Unless you think their shots will never get better to which, again, I have to say you're an idiot if you actually think professional players can't learn how to shoot on a lower rim. &gt;I’m not going to read it anymore I mean I can tell you weren't reading it in the first place considering everything you're saying is already rebutted in my comment. It's about versatility, the threat of a back court shot is amplified when you also have larger front court threat. This is such basic shit that I don't know what you're getting caught up on. You're honestly such a pansy lol, the fact that you're so soft that you want to block someone because you can't defend your own shitty argument tells me enough about you honestly.
I mean, Korea and Japan have kept it relatively under control as well. The US handled it particularly badly and now because of the lack of preemption we're gonna be suffering from the effects for a lot longer while people continue to attempt reopening. The US is gonna be like that one misbehaving kid who has to stay in the classroom during recess.
Geographically isolated doesn't necessarily mean just an island. Even though the UK is an island, it's not nearly as isolated as Australia and NZ. But response is definitely a huge factor as well that the US and UK botched pretty badly.
In theory yes, but obviously one looking is quite difficult to do consistently, especially on a difficult scramble. You'd have to get very good at 2x2 to be able to use it consistently as a BLD method and if you're going to spend that much time learning it, learning pochmann as well is not really a big deal, especially with how relatively simple 2x2 pochmann is.
It's really cool to see a Valorant player transition to CS so successfully.
We're looking a lot better, I'm excited to see how we fare against Furia this time.
https://youtu.be/ylaJl74av9g?t=28
Well, if their end goal is the NBA going to Harvard is not the best path to reach that goal. Of course going to an Ivy helps immensely in many situations, but if you're trying to go pro there are obviously better options. It's like going to RISD if your goal is to be a lawyer, it's a great art school, but it's not really gonna help you if you're not trying to be an artist. Just because you *can* go to Harvard doesn't mean you *should* go to Harvard depending on what your goal is.
Lmao I ended up laughing because of how abrupt that was, see y'all in hell.
Yeah, it's so common that it became a fashion thing which was very helpful during the pandemic.
&gt; I feel like we stepped into China or North Korea. Alright, let's calm down. Read up about Shin Dong-hyuk and then ask yourself if it's the same thing. Obviously this is a problem in the US but you don't need to use such extreme hyperbole to get your point across.
I'm sorry to hear that other people have been so harsh about it, but yeah, comparing the US to those countries comes off as very ignorant, which is fine, most people in the west don't know the extent of the atrocities in those countries, especially NK. It doesn't mean that the problems in the US aren't important, but some of the stuff that's come out from NK is extremely ghoulish. At the bottom there are children born into a life time in concentration camps for "political crimes" that their grandparents committed, eating rats and insects to survive, frequent torture and executions, rape and mutilation, etc. It's actually dystopian hell in real life and makes peasant life in NK look nice, and those people also live in extreme poverty with little modern amenities. I think the highlight of how bad it is in NK is that we aren't even sure about the extent of how bad it is because of how isolated and restrictive they are. I definitely recommend reading up on the subject if you can stomach it, it's fascinating in a really sad way.
Depends on what you're looking for really, there's a lot of good options and it'll come down to some specific preferences if you don't really have budget constraints.
The GTS2 is fairly old, so yeah, there's a lot of better cubes now. The GTS3M is the direct successor in that line if that's what you're looking for.
God damn they're so cute.
The X-Man Bell v2 is probably gonna be the best pyraminx once it comes out, but the v1 is still a good one and the MS is also really good, especially for the price.
Keep grinding really. I think it's worth a lot more to just keep making content that you like and think is good then trying to figure out the rhyme and reason of the algorithm and as long as you keep putting yourself out there something might hit. Worrying too much about the algorithm is ultimately more of a hindrance imo because there's only so much you can do without straying from what your original vision was.
The v2 will very likely be the best pyraminx once it's out, but if you don't want to wait the MS seems to be as good if not better than the v1 and especially considering the price it seems like the better option.
Of all the couples in FT it still baffles me that NaLu ended up only being semi-canon.
&gt; it's already canon, just not officially canon. ... if only there was some kinda phrase for that. Like a prefix borrowed from latin that you could use to convey the idea of something being almost canon but not officially canon.
If you want something small you could get that new YJ mini
A magnetic one would be super interesting.
All the rich prep kids buying their way in have soured my view on the elite schools lol. I know it's probably not the case for the majority, but man I've seen them say some shit that really makes me wonder how much of it is their skill and how much of it is daddy's money.
He was up against other neo-nazis so it was probably a fair fight
[I'm real spooked ](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBsaSbXXkAQLiHv.jpg)
[&lt;3](https://memestatic1.fjcdn.com/comments/Der+average+irl+_58bee80ac6bb33790e75ba0d34400880.jpg)
Hard agree, Soredemo beats Takagi by a long shot. Takagi got incredibly stagnate that it wasn't even fun to read anymore. I wonder if the author just enjoys writing Soredemo more and is putting more effort into it because Takagi started to feel mailed in after Soredemo started.
It's subjective. Both of those are good, but so is the wrm so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Mirror is real fun to speedsolve. I kinda want them to add it to WCA just to see how the hardware would improve. My PB is like a 45 which is really weirdly fast considering my 3x3 speed. I find that doing thin cross is the easiest way to get better at F2L, being colour (depth?) neutral seems like it makes recognition too difficult relative to the benefit you get.
If corporations could think in terms of long term profits instead of short term profits we'd have a lot less problems in the world.
Well one, duh, of course we're not talking about literal children's shows. That'd be like talking about TV shows like GoT and Breaking Bad becoming more seasonal and someone going "well actually Sesame Street isn't seasonal". Like yeah, it's implied that that's not what we're talking about. Two, it absolutely has, you can look at the numbers yourself. I took a random sample from three issues of WSJ in 1998, 2008, and 2018. In 1998 8/11 (72.7%) of manga with anime were long runners. In 2008 11/15 (73.3%) of manga with anime were long runners. In 2018 4/13 (30.8%) of manga with anime were long runners. And most of those were legacy ones like One Piece, the only real new long runner recently is Black Clover. Seasonal anime is much more common now.
Yeah, it's one of the few new long runners within the last couple years.
Disappointing, looked similar to a lot of the other games earlier in the stretch where we'd win the first map and then just lose form.
I wouldn't say Kaine is right, but his quote has nothing to do with how this meme is trying to portray it. He's talking about a completely different concept and people are taking it well out of context.
Memes should still... make sense. If you find this funny I'm sure you also find orange man bad funny.
&gt; Slavery existed everywhere on the planet at the time except Europe [What](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_slavery#Europe) Edit: Also no, that ridiculous quote aside, you're still misinterpreting his point.
He wasn't talking about 1776... he was talking about 1619. And it's doubly ridiculous because this article also has numerous examples of European countries participating in slave trade well past 1776 if you bother to look at it. Ex. &gt;Slavery in the French Republic was abolished on 4 February 1794 &gt;Denmark-Norway was the first European country to ban the slave trade.[304] This happened with a decree issued by King Christian VII of Denmark in 1792, to become fully effective by 1803. Slavery as an institution was not banned until 1848 &gt;However, in the Spanish colonies of Cuba and Puerto Rico, where sugarcane production was highly profitable based on slave labor, African slavery persisted until 1873 in Puerto Rico "with provisions for periods of apprenticeship",[317] and 1886 in Cuba &gt;As of 1778, it was estimated that the Dutch were shipping approximately 6,000 Africans for enslavement in the Dutch West Indies each year.[123] Slavery also characterised the Dutch possessions in Indonesia, Ceylon and South Africa, where Indonesians have made a significant contribution to the Cape Coloured population of that country. The Dutch part in the Atlantic slave trade is estimated at 5–7 percent, as they shipped about 550,000–600,000 African slaves across the Atlantic, about 75,000 of whom died on board before reaching their destinations. From 1596 to 1829, the Dutch traders sold 250,000 slaves in the Dutch Guianas, 142,000 in the Dutch Caribbean islands, and 28,000 in Dutch Brazil.[325] In addition, tens of thousands of slaves, mostly from India and some from Africa, were carried to the Dutch East Indies.[326] The Netherlands was one of the last countries to abolish slavery in 1863. Although the decision was made in 1848, it took many years for the law to be implemented. Furthermore, slaves in Suriname would be fully free only in 1873, since the law stipulated that there was to be a mandatory 10-year transition. And so on. And it's triply ridiculous because I guess if you don't think they were engaging in slavery they must have been too busy cutting people's hands off in the Congo to get around to it.
Well yeah, I don't think it's a great point, but he's not insane, he obviously isn't saying that America *literally* created slavery and no one else on Earth had slaves before then. To quote something I wrote in another comment &gt;his real point is more or less this, Americans (or British Colonists at the time) made a conscious decision to continue the practice of slavery when they were creating their "new" society in the Americas so just hand waving slavery off as some inevitable tradition distances them from the blame and the fact that they actively had to choose to continue an immoral practice. So I think he's much less focused on the technical "created slavery point" and more on this idea that we shouldn't just act like the original settlers didn't actively engage in creating something immoral. Again, I don't really think it's a point that has a ton of merit, but at least it's something that you can discuss and not just, slavery didn't exist before America.
There's been colours for a long time, and no, I don't they correspond to anything.
Yeah, I moved left center because I don't think libertarianism is an effective approach to environmental regulation.
I'm pretty sure it's still genocide. It's like saying it doesn't count as killing someone if you're defending your house.
Legit the only good starting pitcher to come up from our farm between Sevy and Pettite Edit: Also given that he was a finesse pitcher he might've honestly been good for a long time if he didn't get injured. Just sucks all around.
The pain transcends fandom
It's his strength and weakness. It's annoying that he doesn't really push back against some of the more questionable and asinine stuff that people say but it's also what probably allows him to get in depth interviews with these people in the first place, he's not super confrontational about it. If he established his own character more he might be a more interesting character, but he doesn't need to, he's just the medium through which the conversation runs through. His shtick as an "every man" that different people from all across the spectrum can bounce their discussion off works well for him and it would be harder to do if he was more combative towards his guests. It just becomes most apparently a problem when it gives the illusion of equal merit to people who say stuff that just isn't true, but that comes with the territory of getting to talk to these people I guess.
Lmao this shit goes so hard for no reason, I love it.
&gt; You have to accept the problematic and world-breaking with the good and, frankly, just okay. I feel like that implies that the Harry Potter world wasn't already broken from the get go.
There's a valid distinction between being successful and being good. And obviously good is subjective, but Harry Potter has some pretty clear technical flaws at points and a lot of half baked and not really thought out ideas that you can kinda tell she cobbled together on the fly. I think Rowling mainly excelled in world building and characterization, but HP has a lot of problems in other areas and you can make a good argument for saying she's not that good at writing.
44 is very small, standard size cube is around 55-58. 44 would be considered a mini cube, although depending on what cube it is you could still get good times on it.
Well yeah, radical centrism.
As if the qiyi fidget spinner isn't already peak hardware.
Eh, geographic alliance in sports is overrated, there's plenty of good reasons to be a fan of a team from somewhere else. There's no good reason to fly a confederate flag.
[Here you go.](https://www.chron.com/business/moneytips/article/Is-Your-State-A-Net-Payer-Or-A-Net-Taker-12418195.php) CT is third of the 50 states in terms of how much they pay in federal tax vs how much they get back. Florida is 29th.
Yes, Florida, renowned for its smart people.
I mean it's probably really as simple as rural America is often overwhelmingly white. It's a lot harder to be racist when you actually can consistently and respectfully interact with people of different races and cultures.
&gt; it's incredibly shortsighted of them Never stopped a business before.
Nothing wrong with continuing to use it, but if not you could always mod it in some way like a sticker mod.
I'd feel that way more if it weren't for the fact that they both chose to leave TL for MIBR. They could've stayed if they wanted so they don't really have anyone to blame except themselves.
No, it's very abnormal. Even when they were slumping after their summer peak they weren't this bad. The caveat is that it's online now which skews all the results, especially since our team is very distant from each other and can't practice together like how some of the other teams can, and TL historically has always been bad online and have a history of being very momentum driven. We'll have to see once they're back on LAN whether this is a true decline or just caused by the current situation.
"minor" lol
That's true, but I'd hope TL sees the merit in roster consistency and the obvious point that having the team not physically play together can be detrimental to performance. And maybe the biggest hindrance is I don't think there's clear upgrades for this team within NA. Even if they can wrestle away a top player from another team it'd still maybe just be a sidegrade at best, so I really hope they just stick it out to at least see some LAN results before they do any changes.
&gt; I've never seen such blatant and rampant anti-intellectualism in the face of something we actually now know quite a lot about and that it can kill you just by breathing it in Sans the last part you just described climate change.
His conscious is not very intelligent so it makes sense.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ron6MN45LY
Rubik's cubes are notoriously bad and overpriced, especially the early ones. Chinese speedcubes nowadays are miles better, it's not even comparable, and much cheaper too. [Here's a video](https://youtu.be/gWuJPAdwIv8?t=85) roughly comparing them and that's on one of Rubik's better cubes.
The Yufu is probably best for the budget, and the MGC will likely be the best value whenever it comes out.
Eh, I feel like pessimism can be the same. Hard to keep working towards the end goal if it feels impossible.
The Barkley response lol
It's been a complaint of the LCS for literally 5+ years now. OGN and LCK have always done it so much better.
Stop mansplaining our culture.
It's fine, I feel like I have to be careful not to corner twist because it seems to want to do that often, but it's a nice quick 2x2.
It's like the conservatives who complain about the band members of Rage Against the Machine being too political. Some people are just extremely deaf to anything that isn't the literal surface level of entertainment, or in this case, is the surface level of entertainment.
393
-s rights
I'm down for a worse season than Allen, if we're gonna tank we're gonna tank.
The Yankees are like the one bright spot in the sea of awful New York teams so just let them have this one thing.
Well the rumor was that it's a pretty radical change (i.e non spider core), but I don't really know if it's substantiated on anything so we'll just have to wait and see.
Can't wait until mine comes in, ordered it from ZiiCube several weeks ago so it should be here soon.
Are you asking which is better?
Cam's still hurts the most for me. At least Luke left on his own terms and even though it sucks, he still has a relationship with the team. Cutting Cam even though he wanted to stay hurt a lot more, even if you think it's the right football move.
Honestly, any flagship or budget cube is good for a beginner at this point, the differences are much more preference based and the difference in customization options than pure performance and it's hard to know what your preference is as a beginner. The new budget stuff like the MSR3M2020 are comparable to flagships if your budget matters. If your budget doesn't matter the Gan XS is usually a safe bet given the range of customization it has. If you're looking for smooth options the Tengyun v1 and v2 are both also viable for about half the price of the GAN. It's hard to really say which is best for you without trying them out a little, but the difference also doesn't matter as much as it might seem so there also isn't really a problem with focusing on some more superficial traits like how they look and sound. It's also worth noting that a lot of "pro cubers" are sponsored by specific companies so while it's a safe bet that the cubes they use are good, I'd also take who uses what with a bit of a grain of salt just because some companies are more aggressive in terms of sponsoring than others. Plus the things the pros might value will be different from what a beginner or mid-level cuber might want.
Woo, it's been 1000ish solves but I finally got my first PB since starting to learn CN and full PLL... and it was on white cross with t-perm lmao.
Thanks, that actually helps a lot! I've been using the algs from [this site](http://hem.bredband.net/_zlv_/rubiks/kilominx/kilominx.html) but I'd definitely be interested in knowing what algs you use. I know you can just use a straight T and Y perm too? But I'm not sure which angle those are supposed to be from.
Thanks! This is a big help lol, I was having so much trouble coming up with any consistent way to recognize the patterns. The best I could do was to check if the bottom stickers had like... symmetry where their colours matched the sticker three spots up, and then if the stickers one down from that matched it was a T-perm and if it didn't match it was an E-perm. So it was a pretty nonsense way to figure it out, this way sounds a lot easier. I am definitely curious as well if there is a faster way or if the faster solvers just straight up memorize the pattern.
That's really cool. It's interesting, as much as people say that the racial situation in Utah will drive him out, he's also in a position where he could champion some real change by staying. Not that I think that would be a major reason driving his future decision or anything, but it is a factor that I don't think gets brought up often in which seeing the problems the community has could compel action rather than avoidance.
They could still be on good terms as friends while having a bad experience as teammates. Out of all his supports it seems like everyone except Bio had problems with him in terms of playing together.
His career is honestly one of the saddest stories that isn't a legitimate tragedy imo. Year after year of brilliant prime and he didn't even get one chance at the playoffs, it's upsetting.
&gt; abuse their power for clout I wish that was the extent of what Republicans were doing.
Nothing says I'm a functioning adult like harassing middle schoolers in the middle of the night.
&gt; You think those people wouldn't do the same once put in a higher position with more reach? Yeah, considering that's the world we lived in for eight years where we had a democrat in the highest position that wasn't grossly incompetent and underqualified for the job. I'm not "assuming" that all democrats are good, the amount who have been caught up in something or another even in this state shows that, but it says a lot about republicans when your *best example* of this is directly matched or out done by republicans on multiple occasions, including literally right now while they're in power. I cannot understand how you could use an example that directly shows the republicans as more corrupt and then wonder why there is a discrepancy between how the two parties are viewed.
No, they were in a slump since late 2019 but playing online has made it even worse. While they weren't number 1 anymore, they were still a top team in the world on LAN, now they don't even look like a top team in NA. Granted, there is still a really big difference between online and LAN, especially since TL doesn't have their players playing in the same facility, so it's hard to say what their true level is right now.
What's a good magnet strength comparison to a YLM with N35 4x2 magnets? I was planning on magnetizing it so I have a secondary cube besides my Tengyun v2, but after using both it seems pretty redundant to have strong magnets on both so I was thinking of putting in light magnets and using it for OH. Would 4x1 N35 be a good alternative?
Thanks, how would you set that up compared to magnetization with magnets that are all the same?
They don't live near each other in the offseason and don't typically play at the facility because there's a lot more travel in CS compared to LCS. If TL had the foresight to know how bad the pandemic would get and that they would be playing a lot of important online matches for the next several months they probably would've tried to move them all to the facility, but that's just not usually how they operate. Plus NAF and Twsitzz are Canadian so I'd imagine they'd have to do some visa stuff if they planned on having them play in LA for an extended period of time. Of the team only Stewie lives in the area, Elige lives in Texas, Nitro in Louisiana, NAF and Twistzz in BC, and Adren in Pennsylvania I think.
Solid choices, I would also point to the MGC 5x5 as a legit flagship level 5x5 in terms of being better value, but the YLM is the more budget option. The cyclone boys is a great inbetween compared to the lower end yuxin skewbs and the higher end Aoyan or XMan, I'm surprised it doesn't get mentioned more, although I guess skewb is cheap enough where it doesn't matter too much.
New cycles are pretty straightforward, the key is to just make sure you memorize the initial starting position and the ending position of the cycle. When I mess up new cycles it's usually because I forgot to memorize one of those.
I'm a Panthers/Jazz/Yankees fan so call me a heretic
It's perfectly fine, you don't really need to have multiple lubes (or even lube at all since a lot of cubes perform fine out of the box), but multiple lubes do change the feel a lot and different lubes have different purposes depending on how you want to adjust the cube.
You can push it down with just your fingers, it's just not that easy to do it correctly, especially if you have big fingers.
Doesn't really matter, 5x5 is where Yau and Redux are likely both around the same speed. The best in the world use Redux, but it might not necessarily be better, just that there aren't that many prominent Yau users. Jperm describes it well, getting good at Yau requires you to be good at a variety of things while getting good at Redux requires you to be really good at a couple specific things.
If you're really worried about magnet strength you could always go for the v2.
As much as it hurt that we didn't retain him, how fucking badass is it that his last game as a Yankee was the best game of his career, dicking down Pedro to clinch the World Series at home. It's hard to write a better exit than that.
Tengyun v2 is nice and fits all your boxes, other options with strong magnets would be the GTS3M and the XS which are a bit more expensive. Plus it's nice and quiet.
Definitely could've used Matsui, especially compared to who was getting at bats on that team for DH.
Ofc Hinata isn't phased, he already has shoplady
He tried to do it a fifth time but everyone just downvoted it and he deleted it so at least that's something
Meilong M for low budget, MGC for value budget.
I'm on magnet 1, ootb screw tightness, 0.8 tension and 1.0 elasticity with some MoFangGe lube I had lying around. I like it a lot, it's stable but can still corner cut everything I need, although this cube felt really good even on looser settings with lighter magnets so I think there's a good amount of wiggle room for what you want.
It's really just practice and getting used to the amount of looking around you need to do and the patterns you see in edges and centers. A lot of it is fairly intuitive. Solving smaller cubes helps as well. Hell, I've only done like 20 timed 7x7 solves and my time was basically cut in half from when I started, 20min to 12min. Ofc the hardware also makes a difference too for big cubes especially. If you don't have a good 7x7 that can be something to invest in as it'll let you practice for longer and will be more enjoyable. I don't do 7 or 6 nearly as much as 5 or 4 because I don't have good cubes for those events.
