OK then, remember the alligators.
&gt;I don't even know why any of us are here. This is the worst job I've ever had. They all saw who he was during the campaign and not only voted for him, but became part of his dumpster fire administration. &amp;#x200B;
Occam's Razor is simply another way to say that we favor simplicity in science given the choice. Occam's Razor doesn't "veto" anything.
You act like Trump supporters are aware of all of this information, and then make an active choice to either accept it and continue supporting Trump or to disregard it. The fallacy in that point is that Trump supporters mostly never see any of this information. I suspect that probably 50% of the country will be legitimately floored when Trump's crimes and the evidence are laid bare for all to see.
No, Trump will not resign. He will finish his term. \*If\* anything happens to him, then conservatives will politicize it as a partisan hunt against Trump, and "why can't we prosecute Clinton if we can charge Trump?" A jury will never convict Trump, because \~30% of them will be Trump supporters. Nope, Trump himself will never feel any consequences for any of his crimes. His children might be doomed, however.
Not without election fraud.
Gleaned from a criminal filing against someone else. I wonder how many crimes he will be charged with when we aren't just skimming them from the couch cushions.
You think that’s the dumbest thing on Reddit? You don’t Reddit much.
A suggestion that will no doubt we followed.
Oh that’s not bad for living offa diet of fast food, beer and drugs for 30 years.
Little guy from willow, you mean R2D2 himself (and Wicket) Warwick Davis?
I hope this sets the tone between House dems and trump over the next 2 years.
He doesn’t have authority to order Mattis to deploy domestically for those activities.
Nope, still BS. There is very little public transportation available in rural west, such as the rocky mountain region sans Denver and SLC, and perhaps Billings.
Imagine what 13 year old you would think.
Pantheon looks good, but there doesn't seem to be much information about it including release date.
Fine steel wool will work too.
&gt;You're approaching it as a probability problem, but it's a quantum physics problem. Sure, but QM is about calculating probabilities of events that can be measured in an experiment. Although quantum probabilities don't follow the same rules as classical probabilities, the Born rule makes the link between state vector and measurement statistics. &gt; If you close the lid on the box then after a while, before you open the lid, the cat is both alive and dead simultaneously There's some debate about this in the literature. Whether the state vector is "real" or just a calculation device is not completely known, but there are multiple lines of evidence that the state vector is actually a real object. It's very nonintuitive, though. More to the point: My confusion about the Futurama joke isn't about details of QM, it's more pedantic in the sense that an "outcome" is what you get from an experiment, whereas a probabilistic understanding of the problem is what you are limited to before you ever make the measurement. So changing an outcome before you make a measurement didn't make sense to me. &amp;#x200B;
I doubt that, there’s no alternative.
This whole effort strikes me as DBG trying to increase their player base by capturing FPS players interested in BR content; not necessarily trying to sell Planetside players on BR.
"His mother raised him, I barely knew him."
Don't worry I'm not paying attention either. I'd like to know if those robots are in PS2 yet. I've been too busy playing RDR2 and haven't logged into PS2 in about 5 weeks.
Trump simply thinks like a toddler. It's probably not entirely his fault, he was likely born with this deficiency. What stops people? Walls! What prevents fires? Raking all the stuff up! How to stop gun violence? Take away their guns, ignore due process!
Could buy a complete p80 lower in FDE for the same price as Cerakote.
I was referring to Cerakote for the whole gun. If you only wanted the frame or slide I guess it'd be less.
They can say whatever they want as Trump sits behind bars.
Trump can't make things go away with pardons. That helps the one being pardoned, but not Trump. The pardoned person will still be compelled to tell everything they know and cannot plead the 5th.
It doesn't help them that Fox News enables these delusions through opinion programs and selective journalism.
Wait, what was wrong with He-Man? I had tons of those in the 80s. The show as awesome.
Can't believe I had to get this far down to find "sleeping in." Also can't find "peace and quiet."
In my state you'd get a gun in your face trying to take stuff.
I haven't played since 2.6.4, does the PU have more than 20 fps?
Great! I'll probably update and pop into the PU then, because playing at 18-22 FPS consistently really led to a bad experience. IIRC, the OCS got delayed quite a bit.
No, his "patriotism" is self-referential. For example, "...the press is the enemy of the people" actually means that they are \*his\* enemy, because he equates himself with America. When he says those things he's thinking only of himself.
Congress lets him get away with that loophole. In reality, Congress has tariff authority, not the president except under grave circumstances.
I appreciate the contribution that some DACA recipients are making to various fields of science, but I'm not sure what point the article is trying to make. Surely some of the recipients are also doctors, computer programmers, or some other profession that benefits American business and society in general. I also dislike this article because it panders to the erroneous belief that American science would cease abruptly if it weren't for foreign nationals. This is simply not true. There are many, many American citizens with PhDs that need jobs too.
It's mud. Good at laying mud.
DOD already audits spending, in great detail. My organization spent an enormous effort justifying every purchase, verifying all paperwork followed regulation, and physically tracking down inventory via hand scanning. This article is bullshit.
It's called "prosperity gospel" and is gaining a wider audience in the christian community. For example, it's how you get "christians" supporting someone as morally decrepit as Donald Trump.
That must be it, it's been a while. The version right before 3.0.
No one pays attention to Trump tweets any more. His supporters don't read them. The media reports on them sometimes.
They should have told Trump that they'd give him enough funding if the Mexican government promised to reimburse. That would put the effort squarely at Trump's feet to get on the phone and "cut a deal." You know, like he's always bragged about.
I never understood those people. You're saying that I have all the ingredients to bake a cake here, the recipe, the time to bake it, in addition to my well known prowess as an excellent baker, and you think that instead I just bought a cake? Even when many other people have shown you that purchased cakes don't look anything like the ones I bake? It's so bizarre.
This image is a repost, but in one of the last threads the consensus is that she 100% knows and it was 100% on purpose.
You could do this with arbitrary number of pendulums. If my job were to provide a set of lengths that produced this effect, I would first take a single pendulum that oscillates in the x-y plane, and set up the coordinate axes such that x=0 was wherever you pull them to at the start. I would project the oscillation onto the x-axis, and then write a sum in which each element is this projected value but depends upon the parameters of a specific pendulum. This sum = 0 at t=0 (because that's where x=0 for each pendulum by definition of the coordinate frame) and the job is to then identify a set of parameters that again makes x=0 for t&gt;0. It would be more difficult yet interesting if the pendulums were connected; that is, if oscillations from one affected another.
Here's what I want, and what is so far away. I want to be able to go to a doctors office, receive medical service, and leave while only needing to sign a form. I want the payment to be included in my federal/state taxes, which automatically come out of my paycheck.
But it \*does\* have a financial penalty. It just happens to be $0. The value could be changed later because it's a tax law, but there remains a penalty.
Nah they’ll start calling it a “barrier” to allow for more leeway in negotiations. When he doesn’t get that, it’ll be ok because he’ll be in prison.
&gt;needs Putin to help end the investigations Yeah, there's no way Putin can end anything.
The USA should have bombed Bashar al-Assad to oblivion when he started gassing his citizens. We should never have allowed that to stand. Regime change or not, Assad should have been killed quickly. And to hell with Russia, let them just try something to stop it.
...until 2028 when the economy recovers.
Oh please. Lindsey Graham will fall in line just like every other republican, that's what they do.
&gt;Trump has got to be the biggest single threat to our economy at this point. I'd enlarge that to include republicans and their unsustainable economic policies.
Bush was a moron, and he literally lied and conspired with Tony Blair to return to a war his dad started. As time goes on and Bush seems less worse compared to the toddler we have in the White House now, we must still evaluate Bush and his policies in the context of the time period.
Not a big fan of Rockstar. I've only ever enjoyed a couple of their games. The original Grand Theft Auto and the recent Red Dead Redemption 2. RDR2 is amazing. If they can churn out stuff like RDR2 I wouldn't label them a one-off.
He's "proud" to shut the government down.
The President misspoke and meant to say that he would proudlyn't shut the government down.
They can't, because more than half have already flown back to their home states/districts.
I’m a fed scientist, and normally it’s great working on projects that support the mission. But getting jerked around by Washington is much more frequent with Trump. We also aren’t likely to see the 1.9% raise congress worked out despite Trumps insistence on a pay freeze, you know, for no reason.
No, a shutdown scuttles a 1.9% pay raise congress worked out back in October despite Trump wanting a pay freeze. There is still hope democrats will get a retroactive raise in legislation come feb, but I personally doubt it will materialize now that a shutdown is imminent.
None of this matters at all if Trump is not held accountable.
Probably drew this thing with a stencil 2000 times.
He can’t, pulling troops from Syria is a goal of Putin’s.
Democrats kept warning me that republicans didn’t know how to govern. Turns out they were right. How could we have possibly known?!?
Surely history books will present this period of time as truly baffling.
The UC system in CA is huge, and CA in general has a great many very large businesses like the ones you mentioned. If I were to guess, I would say that the various UC system schools have relationships with those businesses either through formal programs or collaborations with professors that establishes good rapport and working relationships.
My advice would be to have a "go-to" item for each of several major topic areas, like economy, jobs, immigration, foreign relations, etc... These will change as he bungles more things, so it can be updated readily.
They best fill the vacuum fast and not muck it up or it’ll follow them for a very long time.
Could it be [https://www.polymer80.com](https://www.polymer80.com)?
Yeah seems the obvious final touch.
That war wasn’t fake, just the justification for it.
&gt;I moved from Dallas to Portland to get away from this mentality You must have been shocked by the COLA increase. BTW good luck finding reasonably priced property in Portland, its like California now.
The populace literally doesn’t know or understand what’s going on. If this was simplified even further and made into a 30 second commercial it might get traction with voters.
The affluent areas in the south have the worst people, whereas the poorest seem like the nicest.
Shanahan has to be acting SECDEF, because Trump can't install anyone else that's not confirmed by Congress. It'll be interesting to see who he nominates. It better be a general, or his base will flip out.
IIRC blank won a lot of the write in votes.
More like tax cut and spend.
Why do people find this weird? To me it seemed like it was 100% him trying to set the stage for a House of Cards (HoC) comeback while vaguely denying the allegation(s) that led to him being fired him from HoC. I mean, it seems pretty likely he did the things he's accused of and the video appeal won't work, but I thought the intent of the video was self evident.
I have a lot of respect for new gym folks like these, because they had enough self-motivation to actually doing something positive about their health. Most people don't.
["Take the guns first"](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-03-02/trump-s-take-the-guns-first-remark-sparks-due-process-debate) \-DJT
Getting American taxpayers to pay for it breaks his campaign promise. So it's not exactly a victory for him, in fact it looks very bad.
Republicans have filibustered their own bills before. Don't put anything past them.
Wages have been in the shitter since the recession and jobs being "created" are low quality service jobs; none of this sounds like the economy is doing well at all or has been since 2008.
If Trump's policies don't finally encourage poor folks to vote, then I don't know what will. The poor get shafted because they don't have political representation.
[More like her 6 hour bill in Cairo.](https://people.com/politics/melania-trump-95000-hotel-bill-6-hours-cairo/)
Kind of how when Trump gave away the location and schedules of 2 US nuclear submarines. Whatever country was developing predictive models for detecting nuclear subs just got a validation dataset to train their models. That was an enormous security breach, but it seems that Trump is a walking security breach.
An enthusiastic yell from Howard Dean tanked his presidential bid. Those were the days.
Oh shit I forgot about that.
It's not that bad, having a substation down can lead to a moderate outage until it's replaced. The American power grid is modular, yet large swaths are susceptible to targeted attacks. But in any case everything is repairable/replaceable, it's about the speed of getting things repaired that matters.
Last night the theater in my area was selling tickets almost exclusively for this movie. My wife and I went to see Mortal Engines and had the theater to ourselves. If the movie is so bad, why is it selling so many tickets?
The Universe is probably NOT a simulation. There are many lines of evidence that lend weight to this conclusion. &amp;#x200B; For example, [here](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-018-05739-8) is a paper that argues that quantum theory cannot be used to describe itself in a consistent manner. One possible implication of this is that a quantum computer could not be used to simulate quantum events.
Talon Grips for p80 PF940SC might be a work around. https://talongungrips.com/grips/polymer80/pf940sc.html
That Canada fiasco just exemplifies how derelict in their duty the last congress was as a check against the executive.
Especially in R&amp;D. I have a physics PhD, and work for the federal government. I make &gt;30-50% less than I would in the private sector, depending on location.
This is especially true for technical work. Federal scientists will dwindle while contractors with a cost to a project \~2X that of a fed will step in. I really don't understand why we aren't saving money by eliminating government contracts and just hiring cheaper feds. We would save billions.
More like 80s.
Congress could give feds any raise they want at any time. But they can't even execute their most basic duty of passing legislation. There is hope that a retroactive increase of 1.9% will be included in the next budget deal, but I'm pretty pessimistic at this point.
Out of a $2 trillion operating budget $4.4B is budget dust. This is all political theater, but i'm not sure who he is supposed to be pandering to, because all this does is hurt his image.
Why do people care so much about capacity? I'd love to see data that supports a need to carry more than 6 or 7 shots (e.g., typical revolver), because IIRC most self defense situations in which a gun was fired only 1-3 rounds were shot.
Which is weird, because the first handful of top posts in that sub were literally manipulated to show the fit (i.e., adjusting the window for a perfect reflection, picking matching shirts, etc..).
Yes, if you're referring to the flavor of satanism that is a naturalistic and free-thinking doctrine. Other philosophies like secular humanism are also consistent with the beliefs immortalized in the US constitution.
I like your optimism, but republicans won't deviate from Trump yet because he still enjoys high approval ratings from republicans.
Yeah, in 2 years we might hear about something. Certainly they won't find much in the next few months.
Yeah it's fun. It's not some little Battle Royale game where you put 20 people on a map and they fight to the death--there are literally hundreds of those games out there. To my knowledge there is no other game like Planetside. The game has continent-wide maps and can benefit from strategic decisions about how to capture territory by holding bases.
I never gave it a second thought until my wife said she thought it was weird to go to movies alone. Maybe there is a gender bias? To be clear I'm talking about when I went to movies alone before I was married. I very rarely go to movies without her any more.
See the Wikipedia. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese\_drywall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_drywall)
Are certain firearms not even available in CA? Otherwise it just sounds like annoying paperwork.
I have to wait 1 week after I file my paperwork, but that's because my NICS check is ALWAYS delayed. So I end up having to drive 4 hours (2 hours roundtrip for two trips) just to pick up a firearm from my FFL. This is in a state with constitutional carry and basically no restrictions on firearms.
If in the USA, my wild guess is $20-30K.
Yeah not with The Code. IIRC I got it from a Nintendo Power. Changed the game for me.
Ugg, Trump is so stupid, he needs to just keep his mouth shut. We literally have a petulant simpleton as our president that constantly embarrasses us to ourselves and the world.
GOP policy isn’t retrospective. It also doesn’t appear motivated by a need to serve and prot ct the taxpayers. It’s become a game where Republicans serve their donors to keep a job that pays well with little work requirement.
Turns out people never stopped using computers.
&gt;If Trump catches wind, they'll be shot. Yeah... you really lost me there. I can see your far-out suspicions sorta-kinda plausible (if I squint enough), only because Americans tend to mostly overlook Trump's actions if they're somewhat legal, or at least not blatantly illegal (even then, financial crimes don't seem to count). But murdering people? I know Trump himself joked that he could do so and not lose supporters, but that's a pretty hard line that terminate his reign immediately. Even the GOP couldn't ignore it and would convict in the Senate. Many dictators that get their start in democracies change their constitutions to give themselves ultimate power. There just aren't enough GOP nor public will to allow a consititutional convention for the purpose of giving Trump more power. In fact, increasing the power and size of federal government is blatantly against GOP ideals. All of this taken together make your narrative nothing more than fantasy.
That's not viable. His wealthy supporters or the GOP party would pay his legal fees/fines.
I just can't parry. I can never get the timing down. It just doesn't work for me. I can roll-dodge Pontiff all day long though, he's not that bad.
First time I beat him I summoned a sunbro. I don't think I really got many hits on Gael as the sunbro held agro and kept baiting his jumping attack. So all I was doing is running around the map trying to follow Gael jumping around and maybe getting a swipe or two in. Almost died a few times, but after that first time I've soloed him many times. I also like this fight, but it's not my favorite. I much rather enjoy Midir.
I don't believe there is such a thing as "cheesing." Any way you can beat a boss without exploits (glitches, etc..) is a legit way to beat it. The great thing about Dark Souls, is that everyone has their way they think is "easy" while others find that exact method hard.
I never encountered Artorias in my DS playthrough. I'm about halfway through the game again, and hoping to hit a few of the bosses I skipped on my first blind playthrough.
If you're on PC, use SpeedSouls savegame manager to make a save right at his fog gate. Then you can enjoy fighting him any time you like. Great way to practice bosses without having to slog through a level to reach them, and to replay them after you beat them.
One gripe I have with CIG, which to me lends weight to the claims of mismanagement, is that they tend to focus on cosmetic improvements rather than core technology. They have 550 employees, but only a fraction of them are working on core technology. Many of them are going to be designers and artists. It seems like a strange way to manage such a large project. You would think they would try to get the base game running and shipped, while working on cosmetic things later.
Yes, I use the "save changes and apply" but nothing happens. There is a permanent "change pending" message no matter what. I think this is a bug of some kind, but simple things like deleting the USER folder or quitting/restarting the client don't correct it. And it is not server dependent, as it happens on many different servers.
Yeah I can't do appendix. Not only do I not want a live round pointing at my junk, but I also can't sit down with that position. I prefer 4-5 o'clock. Doesn't conceal as well, but way more comfortable.
Those millions of hollows outside of the Cleansing Chapel, and you gotta run through them to advance into the main building. I hate that.
That's a good one. They have a unique mechanic that is just there to screw with you. For no reason.
I'm not familiar with this.
I just cannot figure out DS3 PVP. It's difficult to evaluate what I'm doing wrong, so there is very little chance for me to improve. So now when I do PVP, I put on the Blade of the Dark Moon covenant and participate in the defense of someone else. In the rare cases I've invaded others' worlds, I usually run into these "gank squads" or "fight clubs." I really dislike both of those.
&gt;nobody plays this game solo anymore What does that mean? I'm not familiar with playing the game any other way than "solo."
Here is what I do. When I drop down, one of them is aggressive, one passive. I don't recall the names of either, but I make sure to kill the aggressive one first (they each cycle between aggressive/passive, so I'm talking about killing the one that is aggressive right after you drop down). If you do that, then Demon Prince will use fire meteors, instead of lasers. The fire meteors is what I want, and here's why: Demon Prince will will have a moveset like one of the two phase 1 demons, but occasionally will jump high into the air land far away from you, after which he will perform some kind of summoning animation. When you recognize this, run directly to him. The goal is to attack him up close until you see a white flash, after which you must run away, because meteors will fall from the sky, but not on you! They will fall directly on top of the Demon Prince. Many people dislike the fire meteor version of Demon Prince because if you don't stagger him while he's summoning, the meteors will fall everywhere (not just on top of him) and it is extremely difficult to dodge. That is the reason some folks prefer to dodge the lasers in the other version of Demon Prince. But if you stagger the fire-meteor version of Demon Prince while he's summoning the meteors, it trivializes that special attack making him much easier.
The 2.6.X patches were fun, because the missions weren't nearly as buggy and the combat was fun. I particularly liked Tessa's quest line, I can't believe CIG just trashed all those missions.
I recall that republican donors literally said, out in the open, that republicans had better pass their tax plan or they were going to cease funding GOP candidates. The whole party was in overdrive trying to jam the cuts through, it was crazy how fast such a complex piece of legislation got passed.
My advice is to find a good server. You can tell by running to the nearest store and checking whether there are items there or if it's bugged and nothing is displayed. It seems like the longer a server has been up the more buggy it is. My experience is that checking a store gives me an indicator of whether the server I'm on is having problems or not. If no items are there I instantly drop to menu and reload to a new server.
The DLC is so good. Has some of the hardest and most fun bosses.
Summon a "sunbro" by clicking on the yellow glowing signs on the ground in front of the boss arena. White ones are OK too, but the yellow ones are people specifically looking to help people beat bosses.
I think Midir gets much harder with phantoms, due to the health increase. Midir has a relatively small moveset that doesn't take a long time to master. [Here is a link to an excellent video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLsUbOfrz0w&amp;t=2s) that breaks down all of Midir's moves, and provides suggestions on how to respond to each attack. This video helped me beat Midir. It's really, really good.
In addition to the two types of coins.
They won't put him in jail for contempt, though. Without enforcement Congress has no teeth, and the White House knows it. We're seeing development of a new model for presidential behavior that will persist long after Trump is gone.
The public will turn against Congress if they put anyone in jail. To now the public hasn't been paying attention, but if the House jails Barr, Fox News will proclaim that politicians are being jailed and hail it as the end of times.
Yes.
Here's what I don't understand about the Super Hornet: Is it possible to upgrade a F7C to the standard load-out of the Super Hornet? Does the Super Hornet offer anything that F7C can't be upgraded to? I really like how the SH flies and handles, but I'm wondering if I should just apply my Defender CCU when 3.6 hits and leave getting an F7C to an in-game purchase.
Yeah I'm definitely waiting to see what the community consensus is on defender before I burn the CCU...
How can I change my character customization? When I first start after the patch I'm taken to a character customization screen that is fairly limited, but the save feature isn't working correctly and I got booted to the server selection screen with the default character. So annoying.
I've played through the game and both DLCs many times, and i have no idea who "Uncle G" is.
Congrats!
What is a "dried finger run?" I don't PVP in DS3.
I see now. Yeah, that's a great encounter. The music especially.
Ugg, I hate invasions. If not for the messages, jolly cooperation, and the transient phantoms of other players, I'd just play offline.
I can't seem to change the turrets. For example, it won't let me change the Ball turret on the Super Hornet to the Size 5 gimbal. In contrast, [hardpoint.io](https://hardpoint.io) lets you do this.
I thought customization was only on PTU? If not, how do you access it in game?
How does a log parser interact with the client? Are you trying to tell me that P99 is attempting to ban the use of any other program that runs on my computer while I'm playing P99? lol
I never once used the fast travel mechanic in RDR2, the landscape and surroundings were too dynamic. I'd stop and waste so much time just hunting, lol.
CenterMass has weapons at ArcCorp. It's across the plaza from where the trams to the spaceport. It's on the second floor of the administration building; when you enter, go to the back left.
I see. I was hoping with the free fly event there was some way to customize the ships, but I guess we'll just have to wait until it's implemented for all.
I play online, but not for the invasions. I like the messages. And also the transient phantoms remind me that others are playing the game too. And not using embers is just giving yourself a handicap for no benefit.
Yes, his 3 phases transition continuously into one another (except for a cutscene IIRC). He's a really well designed encounter, really satisfied with it.
Those noodles will deteriorate, because it's... food. Flour, water, eggs. Those things are not furniture. I predict an ant/bug infestation.
I love that about Dark Souls: everyone has their own list of hard bosses. Midir, for me, is further down on the list of hard bosses (coming in like 4th).
There is no shame in jolly cooperation!
90 tries? That sounds like my relationship with Nameless King. Beat him though!
In that case, you might try [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLsUbOfrz0w), or any of his other strategy videos. They are the most in depth videos I've come across for Dark Souls bosses, and helped me after I was having trouble with Midir. He has some analyses for Friede as well.
Zelda, i would hope. It came bundled with my gameboy in 1991 or whenever it was.
Ron Howard voice: He did.
The only thing bigger for me would be revelation of a Dark Souls 4.
I hope an RTX 2080 TI will play it.. hopefully it's not the Crysis of the 2020s.
yes.
Nope, I really dislike it too. I've got a Cutlass for small scale shipping jobs.
I still have problems with those. I can routinely kill all the hardest bosses (Nameless, Midir, etc..) but those goddamn knights ruin me 50% of the time. Don't even get me started on those Pontiff dogs.
I really, really don't like DS2.
There is no such thing as "cheese." As long as you aren't exploiting a glitch or something, every way the game gives you to overcome your enemies is fair game.
Yeah DS3 is really a masterpiece of a game, in my opinion. So far my favorite RPG type game, and I've been "gaming" since about 1983-1984 after my first Atari. I think it even edges out FFVII.
I cannot drive or ride in a car without first attaching my seat belt. The feeling is unique. I imagine it's like not wearing pants in the middle of a crowded room.
Story isn't that bad. There are probably worse descriptions from a CSI episode on TV.
Loadouts don't generally transfer when you make a claim. I've had my loadouts completely reset to stock after a claim on the latest 3.5.1 update patch. This is extremely annoying, after spending 100K+ aUEC on specific components.
Going on interviews and not needing a job is a good feeling. It's nice not to care whether it's a good fit or not. I find that I'm far more relaxed and do the whole "I'm interviewing them as much as they're interviewing me" thing.
Ok.. so what is the new hover mode you're constantly referring to? A brief summary would help before you start referring to it and contrasting other situations against it.
You can download joy2key free and that's what I use with Buzzzkiller's mappings. Works fine for me. I always had problems with TARGET. Also, I think joy2key is only used to map the control key to the left stick trigger, and there might be one other non-critical mapping. Otherwise you can just directly load in buzzkiller's mapping xml from the in-game keybindings menu.
Probably chicken, then. Body builders and probably powerlifters will typically eat only chicken breasts. He probably eats like 7K calories a day though.
Back then when your average man is something like 5'2'', he would literally be a giant.
You must have totally missed the 2016 election then.
I suspect the authors didn't spend a lot of time training the model to Kit Harrington's face. This process can reportedly take days/weeks, but the results are very good.
CIG, lowering expectations.
what does that mean
I dunno either (I'm a 9mm fan), but I think it's just bigger boom.
Woods carry? Probably doesn't matter which you get, because you won't be stopping any large animal with a pistol. People carry pistols/revolvers in the woods in case of situations involving other people, and both 45 acp and 10mm are effective in that regard.
This is true. In science and engineering, SI units are much preferred.
What's weird is that I love DS1 and DS3. I think with DS2, it's the bright setting, poor level design, gimmicky "bosses," and unnecessarily complicated leveling system (I have to level up just to get the same iframes as DS1?).. it all combines to turn me off to the game.
Wow, they're really having trouble with the Banu Defender...
I don't think the kickstarter timescale is relevant any more, given how many features they've added and expanded the scope. That being said, I think their progress is quite slow given the resources they were given.
Automation will very likely fill the gap in low-to-middle wage occupations. Knowledge industries (e.g., STEM) and I suspect healthcare will probably continue to rise, given the upward pressure on technology to solve our problems and a large, aging population.
You're part of the problem if you think there are "red" and "blue" states. Such a simple way to view things. Even in the reddest of states that you're overgeneralizing, democrats get something like a third of the votes.
lol liberals have guns too.
I feel like flamethrowers will make a comeback if future engagements (e.g., urban engagements) tend toward close quarter combat.
What? I'm saying that binning states into "red" and "blue" ignores the extent of the political diversity in those states. That's not a debatable position, so I don't know why you would call it a "take." In fact, many people seem to run too far with those overly simple labels and start to demonize *everyone* that lives in those states, even when they don't like the views/policies of the voting majority (\~60% republican in "red" states, and \~60-70% democrat in "blue" states).
I think they will say they want to avoid one, but when the time comes Trump will do his usual show about "being tough" and probably shut the government down again.
Where do they go to the bathroom? Many big cities don't have public restrooms in downtown, and businesses will only allow paying customers to use them.
Let's start with giving Obama 6 extra years, then, given complete republican obstructionism between 2010 and 2016.
There's estrogen contamination in many water sources due to prevalence of birth control.
I never like how the twin paradox is conceptualized as one twin being on Earth while another flies away, then the solution depends on two different frames of the one in the spaceship. But they neglect to mention that an observer on Earth is constantly accelerating; projecting this acceleration onto the axis defined by the direction of the spaceship relative to Earth would lead to the Earth observer oscillating back and forth along this axis.
Yeah I came to that same conclusion, that I need more DPS. I can't seem to kill his ghost fast enough before they both start to attack, and I seem to get caught by Pontiff's attack when I dodge the ghosts' attack. It wouldn't normally be a problem, but SL1 has a limited health pool. I'm thinking of heading over to Dancer and getting shards through Lothric castle and coming back to Pontiff when I have an upgraded weapon. I never had a problem with Pontiff on my normal runs.
Every time I get stopped by AI pirates they're 10+ km away. I just hit max speed and fly by them to reengage QT. Easy peasy.
There were some smart people, but the stupid ones were in charge, apparently. Kind of timeless in a way.
I don't know if those are alpha particles. Although [the wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uranium-235) says that the natural decay process occurs through alpha emission, it's half life is very long and therefore naturally stable. But it's also easy to initiate fission, which leads to release of 3 neutrons given just 1 that impacts 1 atom of U-235 on the reactant side of the transformation expression. So it could be that those white flashes are from neutron impacts instead of with alpha particles.
Can she list his accomplishments, specifically? I've heard Trump supporters claim similar generalities, but can never get into detail about anything. Because there isn't any.
The difference, of course, is that republican voters and democratic voters just don't care about the same things. Small things, though, like The Constitution or law.
He winds up for it, so I always time it and jump toward him while he lunges past me. Then I turn around and stagger him with a strength weapon. After you fight these guys enough times you learn their timing and can end up easily dodging them. Fight first two on the stairs, for sure, because you can simply get your souls back fast if something goes wrong.
Yes, this was always my understanding of the dialogue as well.
Hexagonal close pack is the densest packing of circles, so it's no surprise they form such a configuration given the random rearrangement from the collisions. That means the states can search the configuration space and the hexagonal close pack will represent most of it.
lol it'll still be a shutdown.
Yes, Maxwell's equations are descriptive frameworks that match observations. For example, Maxwell's equations don't go into any deeper detail about what exactly the electric and magnetic field \*are\*, but instead only account for their action at a distance. Maxwell's equations would simply be altered to account for the existence of monopoles if they were experimentally established.
&gt;The US is in many ways just as bad as the Nazis were, and we're getting worse every day. What? No. I don't think you know what you're talking about.
Yeah I'll echo everyone else here, GET THE DLC! They are the best part, and have some of the best bosses. Otherwise, congrats for taking down CoS, he's no joke!
Off topic, but r/asoiaf (sub for the book readers) is still in disbelief. Makes me very nervous for the prequel show since they won't have GRR's material to sail on. OK, rant off. On topic: What's wrong with infiltrators? I main a run-and-gun infil, and haven't noticed anything abnormal with my cloak or those of other infils I kill/stalk.
&gt;his arrows are a nightmare like how do you even avoid them? Whenever I see Aldrich (actually it's Gwyndolin, and you stumble upon Aldrich actively eating him!) point his bow toward the ceiling, I back away to restore my stamina, and when the arrows come down I just spam roll sideways in an arc. That way, I can quickly recover and run back into him and start attacking. I very rarely take arrow damage that way. Very generally, with Aldrich you just run directly at him and attack as much as possible while dodging his half-hearted attempts to swing at you. When he disappears, he'll probably reappear at the point farthest away from you, kind of like Crystal Sage.
Yeah I generally feel really badly for Gwyndolin in DS3. I always wonder how Aldrich was able to capture him.
Maybe just staying in one spot at 0 km/s while the camera guy flies around?
Yes, he literally tries out new catch phrases to see what sticks. The content has nothing to do with it. If something resonates he goes with it.
Most people think Ringed City is harder than Ashes of Ariandel, but you're right--that first area is pretty frustrating. If you don't know where the next bonfire is, it can really be a slog because there's a lot to explore. I'll just say this: don't proceed past the bridge without turning around, if you haven't found a bonfire yet.
nice, lol
For Midir I use the Exiled Greatsword, mainly because it can be buffed with lightening and it's a swipe style attack animation. I've found it more difficult with Midir to use Dragonslayer Greataxe, which is my goto for PVE. As for the stagger: he will always stagger if you do nothing but swipe him on the head (which does 2X damage) the whole fight. So at that stagger, if you can run up to him fast enough to punish him, that will be a killing blow.
Every MMO has a limit on the number of players that can be in one area and be "playable." In EverQuest, for example, you could only have maybe 100 characters before high end systems would crap out. Other MMOs like Planetside2 have hundreds of players in a relatively small area for firefights at bases.
This happens to me sometimes. I go into the PU and make sure I claim the ship and wait for the timer. Once I have the option to retrieve the ship in the PU, AC will let me fly them around again.
I played from 1999, and computers of that era had a difficult time rendering that many folks. Would frequently experience lag spikes too.
Not dumb, just sounds like you made the game unnecessarily more challenging!
My experience is that's mostly dependent upon the RNG.. sometimes the RNG chooses attacks that I can easily counter and other times it's just one Aldrich arrow rain after another, literally several in a row.
SOC has a HUGE moveset, so, for me, my playstyle with him is reactionary instead of recognizing the telegraphs and planning my dodges, which is how I beat other "hard" bosses like Midir for example.
Wolnir makes it painfully obvious that you have to hit his rings.. I mean they're glowing brightly when literally everything else is nearly pitch black. I beat Wolnir on my first try and then had to Google him to understand that if you don't kill him quickly some bad things will happen and he gets much more difficult.
I don't know why people are downvoting you. I have a CW9 as well, that has never jammed. I did have a few FTFs racking the first round of the magazine (even when using the slide release), but this was under the 200 round "break in" period. Even so, I replaced the CW9's metal-injection-molded ejector with one I ordered directly from Kahr (at $20) which fit their other more expensive 9mm models (non-injection molded), and it has run smoothly ever since.
I suspect many feeding problems boil down to their ejector design; it seems to require a lot of force to properly seat the round against the breechface, which is why I think they recommend you use the slide release to load the first round. Their slides are thin and have less mass, therefore requiring a stronger spring and I don't think the 380 round provides enough energy to properly seat the rounds. This hypothesis is supported by anecdotes you can find on youtube about "fixing" the issue by shaving off some of the ejector, which makes it easier for the round to slide in against the breechface. I ordered a replacement ejector from Kahr for my CW9 ($20) that fit their more expensive models, and it's been 100% reliable since.
Yeah if you don't kill those two (or three?) wolves followed closely by the Champion before the Greatwolf spawns, the fight is much, much harder.
I don't care whether people have billions though, because that seems a natural outcome of a capitalist economic philosophy--that some fraction of the population will accumulate large amounts of money. What I have a big problem with is the special treatment these people receive with regard to the law and politics, such as their ability to avoid or disproportionately influence much of our tax, civil, and criminal laws.
[This is the best Midir strategy breakdown that I'm aware of.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLsUbOfrz0w)
I think I got mine by checking the vendors that sell materials. I suspect people just skill up and sell it back to the vendors to recoup something.
It's blurry enough you can't make much out. Looks like literally 90% of girls 25-35.
Yep, those delayed attacks and having to switch up my reactionary gameplay style is why it took me something like 3 dozen tries to kill him my first time through. Nowadays I can kill him after a warm-up try or two.
Killing him on your very first go is pretty rare. Great job!
&gt;Twin Princes was impossible either way, though that had less to do with playstyle than the ridiculous teleporting Just FYI, if you keep Lorian locked on, then when he teleports you will stay locked on. If you're circling him while he teleport and you keep circling, you will easily turn toward him when he reappears and can easily dodge his overhand attack. If he doesn't reappear, then you need to start looking for him as he charges his ranged overhand attack.
Both delicious.
There's a media blackout for this exact reason. Journalists are barred from entering these facilities, and lawyers can barely get in after court rulings. Congressmen and women can't even get in.
Eh, the "deals" on my wishlist aren't very good. I probably won't get anything this sale.
I've wanted to play GTA5 since it came out. But not enough to pay what they're asking for it.
Qapla!
You should rent one before you buy it. I dislike the Glock triggers, but I shoot my gen 3 Glock 19 really well. Glock has a reputation for reliability, not to say that other firearms aren't reliable, but you can't go wrong with a Glock for the most part.
Democrats really need to stop playing by the rules. Republicans have shown that a winning strategy is to lie, cheat, and steal. If democrats really want to put an end to gerrymandering, they'll need to gerrymander so badly and so extensively that republicans feel disenfranchised enough to help put an end to it. As it stands, they feel empowered by one of the only tools they have left to win a majority from a minority voting block.
Can you explain?
Wait, you can get summoned while not wearing the covenant flair?
ooohhh, I have one! It's Midir. Love the fight. Not too hard, not too easy.
That's like me. I just PVP in my PVE gear. I don't win much.
Beat Midir, you get the covenant flair.
You get it by beating Darkeater Midir.
I refuse to play an online game dominated by 12 year olds.
Oh my god, Quayle was absolutely ostracized for that stupid flub. It's like Howard Dean's enthusiastic yell that killed his campaign. Edit: thinking back on it, even "binders full of women" was ridiculous.
&gt;is just a small amount of fat and cartilage I'm gonna hypothesize that the average man has more muscle mass than the average woman.
Yep, thought it was faceswap too.
Sabre is stronger than intended right now, while Super Hornet is weaker than intended. Eventually this will get balanced out, but no one knows when. Unless you're a hard core PVP'er, then either ship is good for the available missions in the PU.
It's pour painting. There's an entire sub on reddit dedicated to it.
Hmm? I'm not trying to suggest that emacs or vim are bad. I personally don't use either, but to each their own.
It still sounds outrageous, but here were are.
I disagree with the liar label. In order to do that, you will need to be able to show evidence that he actually knows what the truth is. That is a high bar, and probably why journalists don't often call him a liar, despite what everyone suspects.
No, that'd be a bad idea. It would never get your resume past anyone.
Yeah that's not happening. There is absolutely no political will to call a constitutional convention.
&gt;Its power lies solely in our respect for it. That's not how this works. US government is a system; either our government works as described in the constitution, or it collapses--all of it. So if the judicial branch or any other were to fail, then we are no longer the USA.
He can retire at 67...
I've served on PhD committees for several students in the USA. No one is going to ask a random question at the defense; in my opinion, it would reflect a poor preparation on the part of the committee member. By the time a student reaches the dissertation, they have already passed written exams (qualifying exams) and a first-pass check on their research (comprehensive examination). The dissertation defense should be a time for the student to present the whole of their work as a single consistent story, and be able to answer questions relevant to the science of the system under study. It should also be a point in time where the committee members determine whether the work as a whole meets basic standards of scientific integrity, and also meets the graduation requirements of the university.
lol, the camera is the biggest problem with Nameless King.
Fat rolling is a type of challenge run in dark souls, in addition to SL1, no-hit, etc...
Yeah, you can watch her jump and nearly see her land if you rush her during her nonsense.
&gt;the only man on earth who can destroy us Maybe not Kompromat, but he could mean financially. Trump places such an emphasis on his supposed "wealth" that he would seemingly go to great lengths to conceal the truth. Putin could shatter his glass house with a public statement or document release. Trump knows it, and tries to placate Putin at every turn.
It's mounted on a wall and it doesn't appear to have any practical use, so my guess is that it's just for looks. In that case, it's probably got a battery + motors in it somewhere.
Putty? The correct way is to use a couple skims of drywall mud between which you sand it smooth, maybe followed by some texturing with left over plaster to match the style of the wall if it needed.
That room has so many other uses than a maybe playroom for little kids. But my guess is if you're putting something like this in a house, then that house is already huge with many additional rooms.
First, Congress declares War, not POTUS. Second, IIRC, The Constitution says nothing about conditioning impeachment on periods of peacetime. Personally, I think it's plausible Trump feels pressured by domestic activities and is looking for any reason to draw attention to something else. Iran is just a distraction for him.
Literal one party rule. Why is it when democrats get elected, they bend over backwards to include republicans (for just one example, see Obama's pick of Chuck Hagel for SECDEF, a republican)?
lol i dunno, it's nice to know what is actually is..
I can attest to this. I had two xbox 360s (still use them), but then switched and bought two PS4s instead of XBONEs because of the exclusives (specifically Last of Us and Bloodborne).
Kind of a terrible place to put something... in the middle of the kitchen? And it's a bit slow to descend and the bars are huge.
I'm with you on this. These types of interviews seem irrelevant to me, especially for a research degree. Are the application materials so untrustworthy that each candidate must be technically screened? In physics, students must pass rigorous written qualifying examinations to achieve a PhD anyway (in the USA, that is), so this type of thing seems a complete waste of time. Probably why they have a post-doc doing it.
If war comes, Trump will be gone in the biggest landslide probably ever. He'll likely lose already, but last week he at least had a chance to win.
No need, just use drywall mud to patch dry wall, not some weird alternative product I've seen around. It's not as hard as it sounds. Youtube can help.
You are mistaken if you think republicans (conservatives) in the USA don't want people to have healthcare. In fact, republicans want everything everyone else wants: good healthcare, good schooling, etc... they seem to primarily be driven by the fear of losing what they already have should another system become instituted. You saw this with the ACA (Obamacare), for example. Conservative talking points were that you wouldn't be able to "choose" your healthcare (presumably so that you could get better care if you wanted). Conservatives in the USA are somewhat short sighted and risk averse.
I almost always beat him first try in my playthroughs. I use the standard strategy of staying in front of him and dodging exclusively backward when he attacks. He'll do a combo, then hold his head down for a few seconds. You gotta know when his combo is over, run in and swipe his head. That's basically it. Sometimes he'll charge and circle counterclockwise, but you can dodge and run over to where he'll spin back around. Occasionally he'll fly and spray fire in a long arc (not the attack when you're under him too long); in that case you need to run left and his fire will miss every time. You can dodge his laser attacks by simply running TOWARD him at a 45 degree angle, then cut toward his head. His lasers will miss and you'll be right next to his head to swipe a good 2 times. If you've been doing nothing but head swipes, at about 15-20% health he'll stagger, at which point you can riposte to finish him off (or 1-2 hits away from death). Midir has a very limited moveset. His phase 2 is almost identical to his phase 1, except he adds a couple of dark attacks that can be dodged the same way as everything else.
So does that mean I can bring pictures of Trump as my targets to the range when I go shooting?
Headless? You mean the Herald Knights?
Congrats! If you hit him on the head consistently throughout the fight (best tactic IMO), then you will always get the chance to riposte at about 15-20% health. It's sooo satisfying!
Brains are not computers!! For example, brains aren't structures of logic gates arranged to execute computations. In fact, the article says nothing about brains, but simply says what sort of modern computer would be needed to replicate some brain-like functions: &gt; The computing power needed to replicate the human brain’s relevant activities \[...\] That's like me saying it takes 10,000 die to replicate the image you see in your mind of Geronimo.
Most I see is free self-serve soda machines. But the ROI on those things easily pays for itself. Alcohol... probably not.
Some things you just can't unsee.
That's not easy. The coated surface of the target would need to reliably detect a weak light signal amid a sea of interference. Even so, it would only sense where the beam terminates on the target. It couldn't tell the value of the incident angle, and, therefore, would have no way to determine where the actual laser beam is coming from in the sky. Finally, there would be no way to detect how far up the drone is along the track of the laser from the ground, without additional help.
It would not be legal for Trump to order their use without it being a proportional response. Nuclear weapons have, to my knowledge, never been used in a first strike manner. As such, SECDEF or other official would be legally obligated to deny such an order.
&gt;I usually have around 6-8 estus left by the end of the first stage Sounds like you're doing well up to that point! Good news! &gt;has no openings, you can't roll around him, Not true! You just have to know when to attack him; just like any other boss, he does combos and then leaves a small opening for hits (1 or 2 swipes). You have several options at this stage. First, you can summon a sunbro or one of the NPC summons available for this fight. While a summon will increase his max HP, the summon will draw agro while you heal when needed. It gives you the room you need. Otherwise, my general advice is to watch some youtube videos, or even try Sunbro'ing this fight. When you sunbro, just put your white soapstone sign down while wearing the Warriors of Sunlight covenant. Win or lose, you will get experience observing his HUGE moveset, and your confidence will build with every victory. My specific advice is as follows: SoC will use many different weapons. The easiest to "punish" is his magic user phase. Do nothing but dodge/avoid him when he uses his katana. In phase 2, he will often start with a 3-hit combo, so back away and let him swing away. If I recall correctly, in phase 2 he has a couple notable lightening attacks that you'll need to remember to dodge. Otherwise, just try to get close to him and dodge to behind him. Good luck!
There is no such thing as "cheesing" a boss unless you're exploiting a glitch. Any tools the game gives you are valid ways of killing a boss.
Yeah I bought one of those recent $199 ps4 deals just for bloodborne. Finished it twice now, including DLC. Except for chalice dungeons... took me a couple dozen tries over several days to finally beat Loran Darkbeast.
that's badical... NOT!
I've heard some urban myth of ancient peoples "hunting" by outrunning their prey through endurance. Can't remember where I heard it. Probably the internet, so it's likely bullshit.
Yeah we didn't do that much growing up unless it was Thanksgiving. But now that I have my own kids, we try to eat at the table at least a few times per week.
lol the perfect response.
Yeah recommendation is only eat the boss souls if you have any left over before you advance into New Game+. There are so many builds and options, it's best to get all the boss weapons you can so you have them if you want to respec later. Also souls are trivial to get, especially at later stages of the game, so there is really no reason to eat them soon unless you really don't care about weapon alternatives.
You get what you pay for. Don't wanna pay very much? Then, you get to enjoy garbage products.
Yeah, no one gets big without "help." Regular people might disagree, but those that lift regularly know.
Obese people don't have lean muscles, it's completely invaded with fat. Imagine Wagyu beef, but even more fatty.
Hmm... raw meat sitting out for 6-8 hours? I think you're gonna have some health problems.
lol publix is a grocery store isn't it?
Jimmy Johns is my preference for most foods if I'm eating out. I'd seriously take a beach club over a steak.
what's wrong with it?
lol republicans love socialism. Just as long as it supports companies with a profit motive. "Public dollars should pad profits, not help families in need!" says every voter that sides with republicans.
XP is already way below what it should be. For example, I've got nearly 2450 hours into PS2 over 4+ years, and in that time have mainly played a run-and-gun infiltrator without xp bonuses. I've been able to reach BR99 from kills and facility capture XP over those years. XP comes pretty slow, even for an MMO. It should only really take me 1 or 2 years to where I can opt-in to ASP, not 4+.
&gt;In principle, from that knowledge we can calculate how anything that isn't fundamental should behave I understand what you're trying to say, and that's how physicists normally operate when devising models of physical phenomena. However, a "theory of everything" might have fundamental problems if one tries to compute more detailed properties from a set of parameters or processes fundamental to the model. Mathematicians study this type of thing in a field called "Theory of Computation." But I am no means any sort of expert on the subject.
Dave Grohl was already a super star long before this photo was taken, just by virtue of being in Nirvana.
Good welders are in demand. Unlikely an experienced one is making only $2K/month.
Yeah I definitely have problems getting summoned as a sunbro on my SL125, SL130, and SL175 char's.
lol, good reason to avoid HOA neighborhoods.
He 100% believes that he is the CEO of America, thus being able to call all the shots and "do whatever he wants" as he has said before in taped interview.
You are most definitely a statistical outlier.
This person either photoshops all these or travels constantly.
Never seen or been able to do anything like this in my extensive playtime with this game. Is this everywhere or very specific locations?
You would think gun companies would lobby for democrats to win, given the huge increase in sales it generates from conservative fear mongering that guns will somehow disappear...
Romney is just as fervent as the other conservatives. The only difference is he seems to remember what Congress was like before Trump, and sometimes acts like it. McCain did similar things, but they were/are staunch conservatives through-and-through.
Yeah, they've hammered that intent into everyone's minds since Trump was impeached. Why is it surprising?
Another concrete example of republicans not caring about the welfare of Americans...
It’s important to note that there are experimental bounds on the prediction that gravity propagates at speed of light. But given those results it is extremely likely that predictions of those models are correct.
lol Friede was my first thought. No, *you* return from whence thou cam'st!
Just summon in a sunbro! There should be plenty signs down in the chapel. Also try r/summonsign. Killing a boss solo is great, but you may also find it pleasing to just get through the whole of the game first, then try killing the bosses solo on a new run.
I think people overly criticize political parties with respect to gun rights. Some gun owners seem to think that all gun owners are conservative, but people of all political affiliation and color own guns!
That's not at all the same thing. And "getting mad" isn't the same as "overhauling the education system." If you're going to wipe out student loans for a select fraction of Americans, you will be obligated to change the system for future students. Maybe a compromise is to allow bankruptcy on student loans, but with some penalty perhaps like nullifying an earned degree from university records.
Certainly not in public. But how tired are these leaders with everything that's going on? I imagine they talk candidly about it all amongst themselves like regular people.
well you see, in one picture they're younger and in the other one it was in 2015. So you can tell by the way it is.
well if he dropped it there is the possibility of a violent rupture and explosion. whatever is inside needs oxygen to combust, and a rupture would permit the interior contents to contact both heat from the existing fire and copious oxygen. All together you'd get an explosion.
lol republicans
My advice is, if you're interested, read the books and stay away from the show.
More like seasons 6-8, but I get what you mean.
She seems like one of those people that could smile and light up the room. But often those people are hiding depression. I hope she's doing OK!
lol i thought that was part of the joke
lol had to check whether OP was u/commahorror
I think you would need something close to STP and the suit doesn't become a burden, even if gravity is a bit higher. Something like that would make construction feasible on the surface.
What do you mean "relationship with volume?" A great insight by Einstein was that a volume measurement *is* a gravity measurement!
I would play on playstation more, but then I'd have to pay for PS live. That's an advantage of PC, there's no subscription. For bloodborne, I've been seriously thinking of paying for 1 month of PS live, if only to get all the best gems for NG runs.
People make death threats to sitting senators and congressional representatives without any penalty. I wish it were otherwise, but unfortunately no one's going to get arrested for death threats. It's ridiculous, but here we are.
Yes, that was a signal from Trump to Iran that they may start developing nuclear weapons again.
The problem is that "stupid people" lack capacity to understand how little they know. Instead they erroneously think they know a lot about particular topics. Sound like anyone you've heard of?
Any of this would force a resignation from any other president. It's unbelievable that the public accepts this behavior from POTUS.
I dunno, there's pretty intense pressure to call witnesses. Even some republicans want them.
Meanwhile, Elden Ring MIA...
Trump can't unilaterally issue tariffs, or at least that's now how it's supposed to work. Congress should levy them. Trump gets a loophole for national security reasons, which is his bullshit justification for doing it. If Congress were working correctly, Trump wouldn't be rampantly screwing over America's foreign relations.
lol it's really hard to create something acceptable in DS3.. I guess you spend a lot of time becoming invested in creating the character, which adds to the emotional damage from dying hundreds of times.
Man Lorian lookin a bit rough. I guess these are character models pulled from game files? If so, then i'm impressed that FROM spent so much time modeling the faces to only cover them up.
When you sell something that the customer is supposed to modify, it's hard to source an issue to either manufacture defect or someone just screwing something up.
lol what episode was this, it's been a while.
OK, so the title and price are confirmed?
The whole country Finland holds only \~5.5 million people. It's as if only Los Angelis had a program that put homeless in shelters.
I don't think there's some overarching strategy in the democrats playbook. I think they put forward the 2 articles they thought had the strongest case against Trump and tabled everything else. That's why you hear them talking about "potentially additional articles of impeachment," because the material is not quite there but could be with additional witnesses/investigation.
I dunno, probably worth a look around. Though if it's rural and somewhat remote, I'd go back inside for my spot light and pistol, just in case.
Yep, it'll be viewed free via subpoena.
..only to idiots that don't believe in American principles.
Yeah don't call this photosynthesis please, as you're not somehow measuring the propagation of excitons in light-harvesting complexes.
lol, they should have just moved to America where no one knows about the royal family nor cares.
Why would anyone think Dianna was murdered? It was a paparazzi-initiated car crash if memory from the 90s serves.
lol "hope for the best, prepare for the worst." Just let them in, but be ready for attack I guess?
Giuliani: "please don't indict me, please don't indict me, please don't indict me,...."
I can't judge Trump as a human being since I don't know him personally, but his actions and public persona are absolutely reprehensible. It's made even worse from reports that he doesn't even understand much of what the problem is with his behavior.
I think you mean [lats](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latissimus_dorsi_muscle).
And to illustrate the point they won't call any witnesses...
Heard an interview with Trent Lott (R) the other day, former Senate Majority Leader (2001-2003), and he was lamenting how he thought republicans used to care about the deficit... I'm guessing they'll suddenly remember the day after a democrat gets sworn in.
Ken Starr was a terrible choice for Trump, as it completely delegitimizes the whole defense (as if there were even a dusting of legitimacy in the first place...)
third world countries don't generally have the same amenities that first world one's do, such as the quality of security / law enforcement, food &amp; water security, etc... that will put most all people off that option.
No, you just pay politicians to raise the ceiling.
If they had relevant tapes they would have already been entered into the record. Waiting to release them, if they exist, only gives the GOP a pass on voting acquittal (e.g., “I wasn’t aware of these tapes and voted on the evidence we had!”).
I avoid them so I don't have to carry a torch.
About how many hours do you think went into it?
hmm, just ordered an Apple TV specifically to play Youtube TV. Previously had to stream it from my phone to a chromecast, what a PITA. We use our PS4s constantly as media centers, so if youtube tv is finally on PS4, that's perfect!
The models we have that describe the electrons of atoms are only statistical in nature. That means that we can only ever calculate the chance of finding an electron at a particular location and time. It's currently up for debate what that means on a philosophical level. At a practical level, it turns out that only a statistical description is good enough to reliably predict macroscopic properties of materials.
Yeah I'd love to read the transcript if POTUS ever released it from the SCI server... It's starting to become a pet peeve of mine whenever I hear "read the transcript" parroted on TV/radio..
Are you telling me that innocent people don't fight to hide all the evidence of their innocence?
Trump doesn't read anything, so it seems likely he was only ever briefed on the matter, forgot about it, then relearned about it while watching TV.
I don't know why they're in such a hurry, it's not like the public won't completely forget how bad it all was and re-elect republicans after a token 4 or 8 year democrat hiatus.
Ok, gotta link to the paper?
All physicists know who she is, as she is inevitably brought up during discussions of mechanics.
PSA failed because no one wanted another arena shooter. How they couldn't see this as obvious, especially being in the industry, is a huge oversight.
I honestly don't know why people shit on the guy. He made great youtube content as a fan, then went to work for the game he loved. He's obviously a proponent of PS2 from a fan perspective, so I don't understand the community reaction.
Yeah I'll second $500 if it's in good condition.
I have mixed experience with mail order musical instruments. I've recently had to send two back for damage that was obviously from dropping, either in the warehouse or shipping.
"People will hear about this?" WTF does that mean? It doesn't sound like it'd be good for Pompeo to talk about how he made an NPR reporter correctly point out Ukraine on a map. Maybe he should try that with Trump?
this is a common glitch..
yeah i only learned about this maybe a month ago and have about 400 hours in the game..
lol people screw in door hinges and they don't go into the stud?
...but the corks are a good idea.
well props to OP for getting clean(er?) and more responsible.
lol yeah that legroom is for royalty..
It doesn't matter what they say, republicans will vote to acquit. Then Trump will screech exoneration until at least November. It's hard to believe Trumpism is so pervasive, but here we are...
Trump has already been saying he deserves more than 8 years, so it'll gain more traction with his base as the clock runs out.
The trim should be angled, the door shouldn't have two pieces like that.
You can increase damage absorption with rings, so benefits from armor can be mitigated that way. As others have said, make sure you have something in each slot and you'll be fine.
lol, you came to a dark souls 3 sub to ask whether you should buy the game? I think you want to buy it and need to know it's the right call. so buy it! you won't be disappointed.
lol I summon one or two sunbros to help out with getting medals. I'd only think twice on a fight like Friede because of the extra HP. I also never summon anyone on Midir, I just solo him, it's easier that way.
my advice is to get a lighting infused weapon (axe, broadword, longsword etc..) and just fight him the usual way (stay in front, jump backwards, only hit head). It's how I beat him on my pyro build, i just couldn't make any headway with pyromancies.
lol, the risks of being an invader buddy.
I hear a lot about the shield, how does it shoot? For comparison I have currently a glock 19 (gen 3) and a kahr cw9.
lol, under absolutely no circumstance will the GOP ever convict a GOP president. There is literally a 0% chance of that happening. At best, witnesses will simply add evidence to the historical record that will inevitably be poured over in years to come.
Removing a sitting president from office like this has never been done. The GOP aren't about to set a precedent for removing a sitting GOP president, no matter the crime. That is a fact.
The question of having witnesses at all should be apolitical, as both the prosecution and the defense get equal chance to call witnesses. Why is Trump so scared for witnesses, when he has an opportunity to actually bring his case to the American people? At least that's what it would be normally. We all know from the evidence of the House impeachment inquiry that there is already enough evidence to establish guilt. In fact, Trump is already a criminal from simply being an un-indicted co-conspirator in the Cohen case. At minimum he should be serving the same sentence as Michael Cohen.
DOMINATING
well money, and the GOP politicians are generally smarter than their voters, who largely believe what they're being fed.
"Whistleblower" isn't some random thing you get called if you say something about the Trump adminstration. As a public servant, there are actual protocols to make whistleblower reports.
We put his manuscript on our SCI server, so it's classified now!
pssst... it's because he *did something wrong.*
That's what Trump does when he says the word "America" in sentences.. if it's bad for "America" it's just bad for him he means.
Yes he'll leave, he would literally have no legal basis to stay. The new POTUS would be sworn in and move into the White House on 21 JAN 2021.
Are you on PC? If so, use a save manager before boss fights like that, because if you lose your souls you can just reload the old save. Or you could save the file manually. On PS4 you could save to a USB before the fight too, and reload it as necessary.
They are right to be upset. The good news is that the reputation will recover, but right now he isn't doing them any favors.
It's absolutely unbelievable to me how republicans seemingly don't care at all about deficits. It was 100% get thrown back in their face whenever another democrat gets elected, they aren't getting a free pass on Trump.
yeah that's how i feel.. bought a ps4 just for bloodborne, but played the whole thing (chalice dungeons and all) without being online.
yeah i been putting my sign down at champion gundyr, soul of cinder, and dragonslayer armor (occasionally twin princes).
I hope From releases a trailer anyway.
From my experience with police during traffic stops, talking like this would elicit a far more aggressive posture from the police officer.
Hi! I'm late to the discussion, but what is the elder's drop rate for cold abyssals? I've gotten 4 or 5 cold abyssal radials and triangles from him on a few different glyphs without much effort. The last time I had to save scum ~6-8 times before he dropped an acceptable cold abyssal (+65 arcane scaling / -5.2% beast).
It's not about "others," it's about those other Americans who don't hold to the same worldview or belief system that they do. In my experience, the intolerance stems from a religious desire to inject christianity into all facets of daily American life.
yep, instant sell to the messengers. back to farming...
It's to preserve the chain of command, which is necessary. It's not that hard to understand why it's there.
Sekiro doesn't interest me at all.. part of the appeal of soulsborne is the variety of equipment and builds. Bloodborne beats DS3 for me simply due to the chalice dungeons (most of my hours are exploring those) and I think Bloodborne has a more complex, deeper lore.
That's what I don't understand... why should I risk my life so that you can enjoy first world luxuries? If anyone needs to be told to stop whining, it's those anti-social distancing idiots.
Of course these games can be compared, I'm not sure why you would suggest they couldn't be. Folks just need to be clear on what is being compared (e.g., story, game mechanics), because each one is unique in many ways yet there remains overlap for comparison in many others.
Google will reveal that there are paths you can take to get him into the first room where you fight him quickly. There is a similar path for getting him into the closed area for the final battle.
All weapons are viable, but most people enhance their damage with blood gems from chalice dungeons. Typically people will get the "uncanny" versions of the weapons for the two radial and one triangle slot gems. Those gems are easiest to farm in the chalice dungeons for 27.2% phys/fire/bolt/arcane.
I like the colors, reminds me of a fire.
If democrats don't win back the Senate, SCOTUS vacancies won't be filled anyway.
lol republicans aren't going to somehow disappear, those people are still around. The conservative party platform might shift again, but they aren't going anywhere. Whatever they represent, they'll still always get at least 40% of the presidential vote.
No, defunding is not an answer. It's obvious there needs to be an overhaul on police training, oversight, and we need to hold them to the consequences of their actions.
That's not a "cheese," it's called a strategy. You are always in danger of taking damage.
At best Trump will just barely be voted out of office, yet the stain of his presidency will linger for years and years as other administrations seek desperately to bring America back to its status before Trump, when America was great.
The reality is when someone breaks into your house there isn't a lot of time between when you wake up hearing something, and when you need to decide what to do and act.
I suspect it's only temporary with a purpose of sending a message to Trump that he needs to bend his image just a tiny bit to provide shade for them to live under. They have no real intention of pulling away from Trump.
"Hurr durr 'mah heritage.'" -Racist southerners.
relish it while it lasts, friend.
Considering they have multiple IPs that could easily sell plenty of copies (e.g., Elden Ring, Bloodborne), there's no reason to go back to a bookended series, at least not from a financial perspective.
&gt; They would have no more significance than the patient zero in a pandemic and that's really closer to what the Dark Soul is, a virus infecting Hollows. That is really not a good point to making if you're suggesting the furtive pygmy doesn't have special significance. Patient zero has enormous significance in infectious outbreaks, for a variety of reasons. Likening the dark soul to an infection is interesting, but certainly doesn't reduce the novelty of the furtive pygmy.
yeah i did a double take lol
No, they shouldn't encourage further information isolation of voters.
I thought his face would be sad, not down in a frown as if he's mad. You can hear him crying before the fight, IIRC. HIs screams during the fight are in anguish. It makes sense, as the fishing hamlet folks killed Kos and then Gehrman and Maria came for the orphan.
Since COVID-19, everyone with a job that can telework only wears sleeping clothes.
lol have you ever heard of or seen a laser pointer? cats literally cannot help themselves.
Yeah my arcane build runs around with TWO +65 arc scaling gems + 27.2% fire and I get really nice elemental damage. 1 hit to beasts can easily top 1K damage. Some of the best "non-optimized" gem builds you can use are 2 +65 arcane scaling + 1 27.2% in either fire, bolt, or arcane.
A standard strategy for elder is to mele him into second phase, and then spam blacksky eye to constantly stagger him until dead. if you do it right, you can easily no-hit elder.
I think it more likely that Trump, if he loses, begins to lay the groundwork of a media empire to propagate his message of hate and white supremacy to his conservative followers. He will use the transition time to build the arguments of hate (e.g., so unfair, i'm being cheated) that will drive viewers to him post-presidency.
lol i played it emulated on PC. After playing bloodborne and DS3, I just can't get into it.
yeah still not interested... i wanna play bloodborne damnit!
Seemed extremely similar to the first dark souls to me when i played it.
I just don't understand the enthusiasm for demon's souls... I'll pass until it gets a fair shake by the community. then *maybe* i'll consider playing it. I didn't like it on PS3, but maybe bluepoint can do something nice with it.
when you experience bloodborne, you see it in everything. fear the old blood, friend.
No confirmation on bloodborne for PC to my knowledge.
yep, from the article it sounds like small town cops harassing a 20 year old woman for no justifiable reason.
the felony charges they arrested her on were unconstitutional, so they had to backtrack. Instead they charged her with 2 misdemeanors meant to punish communications of an inappropriate sexual nature. so in both cases the charges have no legal basis and will easily be dismissed.
You may find that you want more diversity in your sound. Learning pick, fingerstyle, and slap can make you more versatile, and you can even do cool stuff when combining these techniques into a single song. It's also fun!
well with everything you should start by what is comfortable and what you can do to get something enjoyable out of it. if it's easier to play like flea and have fun with simple slap lines, then do it. But at some point folks might want to branch out, and in doing so will definitely be limited by that style. but learning those techniques with existing slap experience will be less discouraging than having a hard time using "correct" technique from the start and maybe even giving up.
well it's a valid debate to have, at least as a country.. as citizens we don't get to have 50 caliber belt fed machine guns mounted in my truck bed lol. no one seems upset by that. so people are already OK with some restrictions, just where to draw that line is debatable. Personally I'm fine with where it's at currently (e.g., no automatic rifles).
&gt; When it comes to the actual election, IMO, Trump getting elected is as much the DNC's fault as it is the RNC's fault - for being the same kind of stagnant status quo loving protectionist corporate shills as the RNC Yeah that's where you lost me. Don't try to "both sides" Trump or the political parties. One party advocates for deconstructing the entire American socio-political system through hate and intolerance, where the other attempts to improve the lives of all citizens through policies meant to improve the lives of those at the bottom. They fundamentally cannot be meaningfully compared in their current state.
OK, but have you tried turning it off and back on again? Did it help?
I guess I use a streamlined version of this. I don't acknowledge their false belief, but instead explain the phenomenon in question.
lol loved american gladiators, so good.
It wouldn't fly out of your hand if you had a tight grip. His index finger would get ripped up as the slide operates though. And he wouldn't hit whatever he was aiming at. Even a proper grip with one hand is not going to be very stable. It takes lots of practice to hit what you're aiming at with one hand, especially with follow up shots. A proper grip would involve 2 hands and a triangle stance.
First world problems, lol. Most large universities of high research output are good; it's more important to find a mentor that does the kind of research you want to do. Some jobs care about what school you went to, but most do not. Most jobs looking for PhDs will determine in an interview if the person is competent or not.
Nothing wrong with owning firearms. Shooting targets relieves a ton of stress. I own maybe 6 pistols a rile and shotgun. What I don't understand are the crazy people who need to sing to the world that they own or like guns, or get all super defensive about their firearms.
But it ends on a preposition. It's hard to read lol, like a blackboard screeching.
Yeah maybe even shoot some hoops sometimes.
lol OP is probably some 13 year old who shouldn't be on the internet.
yeah i'm not on board with this. a 3 year old would want to stop after the first fall or two, because concrete hurts. poor kid.
If I recall correctly, Jeb Bush speaks spanish. I honestly thought he would be the nominee, and it would be close between him and Hillary/Bernie. I was absolutely shocked that republicans kept choosing Trump of all people in the primaries. I still don't understand it.
POTUS doesn't write tax law lol.
&gt; government position, so I had to pay out of pocket What? Not a federal government position. I've hired several post-docs and PhD permanent federal employees (I'm a PhD researcher myself), and I don't invite people out without coordinating it through our DoD travel agency. If someone wants you to come out for an interview, they can pay for it. Otherwise they don't actually want you.
Hi Physics PhD here, and DoD research scientist for more than a decade. What you're saying is not true at all. Foreign nationals can work as scientists for contract companies, but they absolutely cannot have access to classified materials. Only US citizens can gain a security clearance. The culture at an R&amp;D government laboratory is also unlike anything you suggest. In my experience, university research is actually less diverse than in government R&amp;D.
lol finding dumbbells was hard before COVID. I've budgeted $2K for a dumbbell rack (from 30s to 110s) and can't find anything.
lol I want a dumbbell rack with 30-110s by at minimum 10 pound increments for my garage. with that I don't have to go anywhere, I can just head to the garage. I've tried those "adjustable" dumbbells and there's a lot to be desired. They just aren't the same.
I've never heard of a US government position that isn't filled through interview process and doesn't pay to bring in candidates. Hiring a federal employee is a ton of paperwork and effort. It's worth the money to bring in the right person for the job.
I've blown through ISO-4 for maybe 4 packs and didn't get anything of note. ISO-4 is so rare that accumulating the near 1000 it takes for the later upgrades isn't worth blowing it on a small chance at an exceptional. I tend to use certs for all my packs and haven't found any exceptionals in at least 1000 implants. I've completely given up on them and thought about purchasing a few through bundles.
lol that's the truth for sure.
yep lots of consistent mismanagement over the years. they could have easily been a powerhouse of online ordering.
I parry only in bloodborne, because it's unique in the sense that you can parry at range so physical damage is minimized. I can't parry anything in dark souls or it's sequels.
Interesting. My wheel is uncanny, and I have two radial 19.3% +14 arcane (gargoyles) and a +65 arcane scaling + 15 arcane attack (pthumerian elder). It does pretty good damage. I still haven't quite got down how to effectively use it in PVE or against bosses. The wheel is fairly slow but has good stagger potential. Even so, the timing of the attack seems like something that I haven't quite worked out, as I tend to exchange hits too much using it.
Looked like it had an enormous mold problem. No way someone "guts" this without rebuilding from the slab. There's literally nothing to save in that house.
What do you mean? There are edited dungeons with manipulated gem pools. See this spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12mBIId1RRGbYiSEGjEUT9fquQrHNgfET9Fc4gDdmccs/htmlview#
For a political party that claims to espouse The Constitution, they sure can't seem to abide by it. Maybe they've just never read it?
Normal gun owners don't deck themselves out in tactic00l gear and go cosplaying around in public. Even in open-carry states it's generally frowned upon to openly carry a firearm. It advertises you as a target. Most CCW practitioners go to far lengths to hide that hey carry.
I bet he could fix one simply by fixing the other. Points for which one you think he'll focus his efforts on.
Most people won't know anything about survival, much less how anything they use actually works. I'm not even sure if most people have even a conceptual idea of how their devices work. I suspect that you would find society resorts to a hierarchical structure, which might be the lowest "social energy state" (that is, the easiest to maintain). I also suspect that our democracies of modern times are hard to keep, as we constantly need to quell authoritarian tendencies in potential leaders (e.g., We have witnessed how easy it is to bend traditional USA leadership responsibilities and structure to authoritarian ends).
Those reports are not from conscious action. In a decapitation, the brain is going to very rapidly lose its blood supply (all of it being expelled due to blood pressure out of the neck), and the result is that the person being decapitated would very very quickly lose consciousness. More interesting would be to see how long a brain can be kept alive through artificial means, for example in a potential head transplant. These types of things have been done on types of monkeys, but IIRC there is some debate on whether an extracted monkey brain was kept alive for very long.
I am casually learning music theory also. A "theory" is an organizational structure to relationships. It is the same with a scientific theory. Instead of physics giving us a theory on how velocity is related to distance and time, music theory tells us how notes relate to one another. So with music theory, you have a system to arrange notes that will sound good. If "theory" is too hard, I think you're actual problem is your uncertainty about where to start and you also might be getting overwhelmed by the wealth of information out there. My advice is to start with a very narrow goal, such as learning a few bass arpeggios. These are patterns on the neck that will give you note options if you have a root note. Armed with this "theory," you can take the root notes of a melody and craft a nice sounding bassline from them. Music theory is much more comprehensive, but once you get comfortable with a small corner of music theory you can explore from there.
Save your game to USB before you enter the fog wall. People farm this guy for blood gems, and since he is in layer 3 of a dungeon, the only real way to farm him is to "save scum," which is reloading a save if you don't get the drop you want.
Yep, that's how I farm her for blood gems. I use executioner gloves on her head exclusively, and try to dodge if she for some reason charges.
On the elder it will just stunlock him in the second phase. most strategies, or at least the ones that I've copied, will dodge him in first phase (he only does a few different close-range attacks, all of which have a clear tell), then spam blacksky eye until he's dead in second phase. It takes some practice to get the distancing right (can't be too close nor too far away), but when you get it down he doesn't have a chance. It's not too hard to beat him hitless this way. Good luck!
His voters don't see most of the ridiculous, incompetent, and outright stupid things he does. These are "low information" voters.
No, it's more complex than that. Some of his voters are normally rational people. At the heart of his voting base lies a misunderstanding of current events (low-information voters), an idolization of a "successful" outsider businessman (an image which Trump has fought tooth-and-nail to preserve), and, finally, with a fundamental misunderstanding of the democratic agenda, propagated by propaganda outlets like Fox News.
Let it pass? No one wants to see your nasty fungus toe and hairy feet, put socks on them!
lol, there's a huge difference between Trump's attitude of hate, ignorance, and racism, and literally any other politician.
They copy the atmosphere of the apple stores too. It's pretty ridiculous.
Without looking it up, I suspect their reservations are not in one big location, but fragmented. Good luck trying to consolidate something like that into an area everyone involved will agree to.
1) Don't be afraid to use the pick. You've got the most experience with a pick, so it makes sense to start with it. 2) Practice simple basslines. For example, I started with Nirvana back in the early 90s. 3) Being a guitarist, you know chords! Bass players use the notes in chords, but not played at the same time (usually). You can use your knowledge of chords to fill out the time between root notes (you might look for arpeggios). 4) When you get a good feel for the pick, try playing the same things with your fingers instead. This will teach you "fingerstyle" and is the next logical progression. Good luck! You can do it!
Ahh yes, I've heard that there are glyphs where the descendent is mislabelled an "elder." yeah for the descendent I spam executioner gloves instead, lol.
I wish Trump supporters would ever hear of these things, but they never will.
They look like alien races from the original star trek series. At least the one on the right does. I suppose some sleuthing could find the episode.
it's pretty slow though.. I never could find its niche.
I didn't know anything about the game other than announcement trailers. I pre-ordered from Amazon (yeah never again), got it several days after it released. But I since played it straight through over 3 long days. So I didn't know about any "leaks" or any potentially negative things people were saying about the game. The story was phenomenal. In my opinion it could have been improved in a few ways, e.g., had more variety in the locations (as it often reverted into the same trope of sneaking through a building and killing infected/people); so the Santa Barbara part of the story was a breath of fresh air. Nevertheless, I ended up loving both main characters in the game, despite a rocky "get to know you" period for Abby. In fact, I hope we get to see more of her in potential future installments, maybe as she helps to rebuild the Firefly's. I think this nicely bookends Ellies story, and we really shouldn't hear any more as she tries to rebuild her life and get on with living it.
Google says that you can't get a perfect alignment because not all planets orbit in exactly the same plane. However, estimates would be about 1400 earth years between approximate alignments, so depending on where the planets all started, it could take 1400 full turns of the Earth model around the sun to see one. Given that the crank only partially moves the Earth around the sun, take a multiple of that. Just guessing, you might need 14,000 cranks. Though the software engineers would have had to code in a realistic relative speeds for planet rotations. My sense is that they probably just fudged it to look interesting.
I still don't know how to kill stalkers in a stealth way.. I always had to throw stealth to the wind and use the shotgun.
