This is about as well thought out as the usual "We should just 'ang the lot of 'em!" comments on crime, or "I got beaten by my teacher and it didn't do me no 'arm!" We already have hardship and suffering in this country. Let's go speak to some people on disability benefit and see how 'British' they are. I get the feeling British Values just means Miserable, and Diagnosed Clinical Depression.
No deal would cause massive issues as well.
A no deal would deeply divide the country.
Seems to me that any path will divide the country. They're all going to do so, so we should just act as if it's not a factor. If mays deal doesn't get through parliament mps will want to avoid a no deal. Their only real option to do so will be a referendum.
Sounds like a second referendum but with less people.
Yes, Official Media Outlet of the Kremlin is exactly who we should listen to on this sibject. Free of bias and totally trustworthy.
I'll wait for this particular news from an outlet that is not literally the mouthpiece of the Russian government.
"Whatabout the BBC!" - Okay, let's say you're right and the BBC is definitely a propaganda wing of the UK Defense Ministry (not saying it definitely is, just as part of the argument). How does that defend Moscow in using RT in exactly the same way? Again, I'll wait for another news source. We know Russia uses 'information war' - this is not controversial. I agree it's smart to hold off making judgement on this particular claim, and would be interested to hear it from a news source that is not openly and clearly biased.
"This amount of Democracy is just undemocratic! We need less domocracy than this! The current levels of democracy are just about right. Except on the 'meaningful vote' where it may or may not be too much democracy, but we're going to put it off a couple of weeks and see."
Tesco Value Leave logo aside... Apparently it's REALLY important we have to keep that 39bn, but also the economy is NOT the most important thing. Yes there may be economic damage, but we're told time and again how the economy is not the important thing and we should think of all the other reasons people voted. And as this guy says we should think more about Fishing, which is really important to the economy. Also Tarrifs, because think of how great it would be for the economy if we get rid of them! Bannans and Wine! But also the economy is not the most important thing, so stop banging on about it! But the most important thing is it sends a signal to New Zealand and other non EU countries. We're open for trade! Think of the economy! But do stop banging on about the economic damage of a No Deal. Other things are important.
&gt;that the political backlash will be manageable, As 'Manageable' as a 'No Deal' I guess ;) &gt;Even if it happens remain would probably win by 52-48 As Leave says: A clear majority. &gt;there will be polls that put leave on 55% within a few years, do we then have a 3rd? Why not? That sounds a mess! I reckon we should just call the whole thing off and avoid the trouble.
The housing market is fucked. Either people lose a ton of money or people remain outpriced. Even then, houses falling in price is not a great thing in isolation. It won't just be house prices that fall in a disaster. Better than relying on one we should build more houses.
A good list, but this sort of thing will always be subjective and miss great options.
Phew, so glad they're going with a glider, because that cliff edge was looking scary, and gliders can get off cliffs fine. So it's good to know we won't be crashing out, because we have the glider. Also it will help to boost British manufacturing by making it here.
So you can lie to the fbi if they already know its a lie? Genius.
Fucking monsters!
People who speak proper and went to fucking uni mate
I don't think shutting down his charity is a distraction. It's a consequence of his activities. At a certain point he's going to be marched to court in handcuffs and people will think it's a distraction from Jared going to prison.
No, the headline style is extremely annoying.
An optimist I see.
Okay. Let's say he said it. Now what? I'm all for a public flogging but can we also fix our other problems? Not crashing out with no deal would be a good start.
Did toynbee call all leave voters 'far right'? Seems unlikely, but I've not seen it.
So we don't even find out what it is?
I wish I could have a 5 month holiday between projects.
Yeah, this is great and all, but why have they still not added the suit from the 2018 Spiderman PS4 game!
His investment is at risk.
Very respectful and very tolerant of you.
Trump is the greatest thing that ever happened to Ws legacy. Before trump if you asked who the worst president was you might get a toss up between W and nixon. Now there's not even a contest.
&gt;an independent panel said he had been "respectful and tolerant". Respectful? "you look like a letterbox" is respectful? Johnson looks like a buffoon. Don't worry. I'm bring respectful.
Agreed. Not trying to whitewash. But while their actions were evil they were not fundamentally incompetent.
See, that's because we hold all the cards. Card also being what many people will end up eating.
Jesus christ, 32??
ITT: People being very, very clear that pitbulls are basically as harmless as a declawed kitten and twice as friendly and definitely not a dangerous breed and you should see how not dangerous it is.
Yet when the train derails without a deal (station?) everyone is going to suffer.
That's genius. I'm going to shut down my business! See all the money I'm going ti save on overheads!
"lift as you climb" also a popular crossfit routine
"create blue copies of anything!" "can I get red?" "did I fucking mumble?"
Hack the system with this one neat trick.
I wonder how the polls read for people who feel 'politically homeless', with no party they feel are particularly worth voting for.
Yeah, but labour will be in power. So.. Mission accomplished for them.
If we're concerned about civil unrest then a no deal is just as likely to cause it. So I guess people against revoking for that reason are also against a no deal.
If they're terrified of socialism wait until they learn about the NHS and socialised health care.
It's almost as if you have to adequately fund services. Crazy!
I pointed out a solution. Spend more.
I don't even have to see where the link is. Random caps mean express. Just downvote away and you need not give a second thought to whatever bullshit they're on about.
There's also that ride that pinned the riders legs and trapped them for hours. That's a ride for real adrenalin junkies.
I'm not sure how seriously I should take an article that states as fact, with no qualifier, that 2 people used a drone at Gatwick. This clearly refers to the couple arrested, but subsequently released without charge. The perpetrators are still uncaught and remain at large. If they're happy to gloss over these details then what else are they glossing over.
That's not entirely accurate. Nazis went into hiding and have been until even recently. A guard was deported from the US for trial this year. Meanwhile those with sympathies for nazis, and those who proclaim themselves nazis, and those who espouse nazi ideology still crop up with unnerving regularity.
Saying everyone can go fuck themselves is just another way to say no one can.
I'm just trying to be fair to Nazis of all kinds, and the fairest thing is for them to go fuck themselves super hard. Not other people, because that wouldn't be fair and certainly not each other because those sorts of people shouldn't be inflicted on children.
That's high praise for HITLER. You monster.
"my bad"
Daily Mail here, at the height of hypocritical opportunistic scumminess. Daily Star here, the drunk, senile great uncle, shitting his pants in the corner.
Or crab people attack!
Is this in relation to something specific we should know about?
Can someone explain?
The sun has no class. I'm sure the people of Liverpool agree.
Mogg had his, where poor suffer in victorians squallar, and nodded, saying "jolly good, that looks about right".
What about companies without shareholders?
The coalition was a bit of a mess. They had to give up on a lot of principles and break promises. Then they were a bit lost in the wilderness. Then they had their homophobic leader. Now they have remaining, which draws the ire of brexiteers. They need a bright young, passionate leader who can get new ideas to energise voters.
Get away from her, you biscuit!
No random all caps? Are we sure this is even the express?
Express comes OUT for REMAIN shocker!
The US public voted for trump. The Japanese people can hold their government to account. Shame is the appropriate catalyst.
Photoshop it to look slightly less like ewan. Replace it. A couple weeks later do it again. Repeat u til no ewan.
It's that or economic sanctions.
The system is the system. Yes, more people voted Clinton, but enough voted for trump to get him in.
He was not elected by the popular vote. That's not how the system works. But enough people voted under the system to put him in. If the power rests with the people then so should the responsibility.
The people can vote in those who can change the system. The people can protest and demand change. If the people don't take responsibility, who will? Trump?
I didn't say fuck em all. I said all are responsible.
Tldr? Is this a suggestion that it was all a false flag to sell technogy using tax payer money?
I can help the fbi identify the Atlus Shrugged movies as utter trash.
The Star, tired of pretending to be a newspaper has turned into pop up ads for travel comoany sales.
How much economic damage is acceptable for a no deal? How much would be too much? Are you willing to accept the responsibility for the damage?
I heard they reduced small bags by 5000 per year, but increased big bags by 500billion! Since we're making things up and not posting sources.
Brexiteers : "this is fine"
I'm sure they didn't do every bad thing, but we know a lot of bad things they definitely did do. Not least interference in the US election, brexit, and the Salisbury attack.
I always find the term 'do gooder' weirdly uncomfortable. It shows contempt for people who want to do 'good' things. The implication is one of naivete, but it just comes across as something a cartoon villain would say.
They fucked it up in numerous ways. They failed to kill the target, which was the entire point, but killed and injured innocents, making it obvious who was to blame. The assassins were bungling fools and the cover story was laughable, making Russia look incompetent, not least during the following passport disaster where it was revealed they handed spies sequentially numbered passports. It makes Russia seem sloppy. They're losing a grip on control. The next fuck up was our government not hitting them hard enough with sanctions after. It shows that even with a failing Russian intelligence community that we will not respond effectively. Russia can continue to do a bad job, and get caught, but still see a weak response.
You make a good point, and one that has merit. People respond to incentives. The purpose of Mays 'hostile environment' policy is to make it so unpleasant for people that they have a disincentive to come or stay. Others might say this is inhuman. But it has nothing to do with 'morality' when seeking practical outcomes. Some would argue that it is immoral to reject people in need. Surely we must seek to balance these things.
We could always help more indeed, that's always worth pointing out. We can never do enough, but when we do help I am sure it is appreciated.
&gt;But was it? Well, to be fair, that was the entire goal. The point was to scare people from acting against Putin's regime. &gt;The objective is to show how far you are willing to go. Of course. They won't just kill you. They'll do it in a horrible way, and they'll do it on sovereign soil of another nation. We should not be letting it pass so lightly. &gt;The disaster existed outside the context of the Salisbury attack. Yet it forms part of a pattern of inept Russian actions.
We'd hear about sanctions against oligarchs.
Wanting to save migrants is bad?
The boom sound you hear will be the economy exploding.
The sun says all kind of shit it's weird to see them saying something reasonable.
Brexiteers didn't vote for a no deal. Indeed we were all told it would be the fastest deal ever and we hold all the cards. A different deal could work. But a no deal is not what people voted for.
&gt;I don't know what is going to happen. But No Deal is inevitable and will definitely happen? If you say so ;) Certainly it's one way to avoid the consequences of a No Deal being your responsibility. It's INEVITABLE, so you're not advocating for it at all. That it's what you want to happen is just a coincidence. My point is that MPs want a No Deal least of all. That's the one option they want to avoid above all.
I'm not sure in what circumstance this will ever be a choice for a car, EVEN if it knew who was who. An AI could assess the situation and even if there were 2 paths it could choose from (with people on them) it would still have slight variations in which path is preferable. It's never going to have a choice between two IDENTICAL options where it then has to make a judgement of whom it's about to plow into. it's going to look to stop and it's going to do it in the safest way possible.
It's probably the closest we can get I would think.
&gt; A majority exists against every positive form of action. Sounds like a good way to get a second referendum. &gt;Arggghhhh! Calm down, dear. &gt;Am I happy for no deal to happen? It is far from ideal, Yes. Very far. To the other side of 'okay'. &gt;it is also better than May's deal. In the long term? Maybe. We have no idea. Short term? There will be far more damage from a No Deal, which is the only thing we CAN know. &gt;Right now the most important thing is that May's terrible deal is certified dead by parliament, Very likely. &gt; because on after that has happened does the path open up to ending the deadlock. I do not disagree. The vote will happen in Jan and at that stage MPs will begin to make noises that a No Deal needs to be avoided and will be proposing the ways to make that happen.
We'll see, won't we.
&gt;Polly wants a cracker! Squawk!! Pretty Polly! There is a majority against No Deal!!! Pretty Polly!! Yawn. "No deal is default! DEFAULT!" Said the parrot. &gt;What if I am wrong about what? Wow, you can't even approach the idea you are wrong. The concept itself is alien. &gt;you will not listen to anybody who tries to explain it to you I've listened and remained unconvinced by your points. &gt;That's what "deadlock" means!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Are you okay? Do you need some medication or something? This amount of incoherent rage is unhealthy.
Are we unable to do so now?
Some Brexiteers gonna be angry that it's not just a bunch of arrows leading to no deal.
Well sure, many of the outcomes on the diagram are pretty shit, like the no deal for instance. But you'll also see options to abandon brexit, so there are also parts of it to be positive about. But I do agree with you: brexit as depicted in this chart is pretty shit looking.
I know, right? People so against democracy that they would object to a second referendum, not trusting the people.
Well, that would be awful if course. I will of course agree with you that it would be important to have the 2nd referendum and to ensure that the result is honoured.
Daily Star returns once more to telly mag status.
You won't miss it if we borrow it for a bit, right?
Yes. Yes you are correct.
I posted. Let's see if it survives!
Britain's most famous UFO mystery was a prank played on the Americans by the SAS, according to insiders. The truth about the Rendlesham Forest incident in Suffolk, has been kept under wraps for 38 years. But now it is claimed the US air force was fooled by the SAS in revenge for capturing a squad and subjecting them to a brutal interrogation. The SAS were said to have regularly tested US security by probing the perimeters of RAF Woodbridge in Suffolk. Nuclear warheads were said to be stored there and it was believed to be a key target for Soviet agents. But when an SAS troop parachuted into the complex one night in August 1980 they were unaware the guards had upgraded their radar system. Their black parachutes were immediately detected and the British were hauled off for questioning. They claimed they were beaten up by their captors who refused to believe who they were and repeatedly referred to as “unidentified aliens”. They were eventually released 18 hours later after the British authorities intervened. But the SAS soldiers were seething at being called aliens on their own soil and reportedly started plotting their revenge. British X-Files expert Dr David Clarke, who has been researching the story for three years, revealed: “After their release, the troopers made no complaint at their rough treatment but were determined to get their own back on the USAF for the beating that they had received. “In particular, their repeated characterisation as ‘aliens’ sowed the seeds of a plan. “They said ‘They called us aliens. Right, we’ll show them what aliens really look like'.” The SAS men spent the autumn nights reconnoitring the perimeter of the base where it met Rendlesham Forest. As December approached, lights and coloured flares were rigged in the woods. Black helium balloons were also coupled to remote-controlled kites to carry suspended materials into the sky, activated by radio-controls. The incident – dubbed the British Roswell – took place over three nights between 26 and 28 December, in 1980. Military personnel from nearby RAF Bentwaters and RAF Woodbridge, including the deputy base commander, witnessed strange lights in the forest and hovering above the twin NATO airbases which were on high alert as the Cold War was at its peak. “A great deal of nocturnal Christmas fun was had at the expense of the USAF – and the matter should have ended there,” according to a letter written to Dr Clarke by an alleged SAS source. “Unfortunately, a senior US officer (Lt Col Halt) led the US contingent out into the forest on the second night and took along his tape recorder. “The hovering and whizzing lights were sufficiently impressive for him to send a report to the MoD. “Someone in London recalled the events of the previous August and questions were asked. A few red faces - but also some satisfaction and amusement - followed. “The USAF was ‘reassured’ at a very senior level and no UK investigation was undertaken – for obvious reasons.” ​
Sounds plausible to me.
You want to highlight anything significant? Maybe the mod lied to the US about the report? Lighthouse?
So... You don't want to comment on the lighthouse and there is nothing you can highlight that would convince me this was not a prank?
Case closed, I guess.
"go watch random YouTube videos" If you want to convince someone of your point of view then you should do so, not simply tell someone to go make up their own mind. Most likely they will take you up on the offer having done so already.
&gt;You are a time wasting troll A troll because you don't like it? &gt;unverified trash Unverified? Who decides to verify it? You? &gt; I have no obligation to share with or convince you of anything. Of course not. &gt; I know that your conclusion is wrong You 'know'? &gt;the steaming pile of dung you offer up as proof. Ouch. &gt;We are not here to help you plug holes in your story or conduct free reasearch for you. I didn't write the story. I don't require anything. &gt;You want to believe this article by all means be my guest. I find it more convincing than the idea it was anything supernatural or otherworldly.
Weirdly no one here has yet linked to one of these videos. For a 40 year old mystery you would imagine providing evidence would be trivial, yet you have not. Which makes sense. If you actually provided anything you'd be open to someone poking holes in it. I'm not saying that this story about the prank is 100% factually correct. I don't know. But I find it a convincing possibility for what has been 'mysterious' up until now. Certainly more than aliens.
That's all it ever is.
Maybe that never happened.
It's aliens! Sounds legit.
Look what you did, humans. You coulda evolved into these cute bastards and instead youre destroying the world.
&gt;what research have you done on the subject? Oh, I used to find this shit interesting years and years ago. Then I realized that all the people who are pushing the stories tend to be selling a DVD or are appearing at ticketed events, or selling books. They have a profit motive to keep you on the hook. Look at the Disclosure Project. Ask how many years they've been going. Try to find the 'disclosure' they've been promising. &gt;they also have radiation readings that is above normal backround Bananas have radiation 'above the background'. &gt;all we know is that there was a unidentified flying object there and the event took place That's not a lot is it. &gt;to suggest that it was nothing more that hoax is just stupid Sounds pretty possible to me. &gt;we got back at the Americans by making a ufo event at the base.... that will show them... common sense Heaven forfend that anyone got made to look a fool by believing it. That would never happen ;)
&gt;burden of proof is the one trying to disprove the claim Well... no. Burden of proof is on the claimant, whenther that claim is that this was a hoax, or that the event happened, or that there was anything mysterious about it. It seems more believable that the whole thing was a hoax than that it was aliens (or supernatural in any way).
Not just the sun. Roughly 50% of this sub.
Well... Was it true?
So you are happy to stay on wto indefinitely in order to negotiate new deals, which may take a decade, with other parties, in the hope we will end up better off? What about the damage dealt in the meantime?
They're for sport, not sitting on.
Nah, shoukda got a cover up tattoo on them.
/r/vive died after mod shenanigans.
It means she doesn't care there are roaches infesting her bedroom and kitchen.
Probably need to go back a bit earlier to avoid the crash.
But with ERG and dup they could have pushed it across the line. Their opposition sunk it.
Trump and co: "No".
IScrews at $50 each.
Appose?
You know we don't have to have violence, right? Mays deal, as unpopular as it is, would avoid it. A sea border would avoid it. Revoking would avoid it. I find it weird how so many are willing to say, "many of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make". Meanwhile, a no deal solves nothing. We still need to solve all the exact same problems.
I'm not overweight, but I can see how easy it would be to get so. I've seen my weight start to rise, and it's much harder to get it down then maintain. Getting older changes things as well. You might eat what you like getting into your 20s, but as you reach your 30s you find it harder to keep off. Lifestyle changes, you are no longer growing. You've been working for a decade or so. It only takes eating 100 calories more than you burn a day to put on a lbs over a month. That's slow enough not to notice, and most people don't calorie count. 6 months later you've got a bit of a belly. To get that off you now need to burn off the equivalent of 18000 calories. Its no longer 'self control' it's work and effort.
Awesome! Great work. Calorie counting is the basic most important step. An average male will burn around 1800 calories a day, sometimes more. If you eat 1200 calories a day, which is entirely possible, you will lose a lbs or so a week. 3 months will lose you a stone. Exercise is good, but it's easier not to eat a 300 calorie donut than it is to burn it off. All of this is approximate of course, but it's basic energy in/energy out.
Yeah... I was going to see it, but now don't see the point.
Another sore point? You mean the border? That's included in No Deal. No Deal fucks up the entire border situation even worse than the backstop or sea border and we cannot negotiate a new trade deal until we solve that.
It's beyond that though. You can't just eat less 'blind'. You need to track how much you are eating. Lots of overweight people will say "But I hardly eat anything!" and for those most part that may be fairly true. But then they will have that Latte, which has a couple hundred calories, or a coke or whatever. It's easy to miss all the ways you accidentally over consume if you don't track it and that requires more effort than simply restraint.
Yes. Yes they would. Its more a marketing mistake than anything.
He was incoherent. Peak trump nonsense.
Hope you like mice and/or cockroaches.
To be fair it's a literal victory for Labour, but it would be bad to use it as any indication of future success.
Yes.
What am I thinking right now?
Either it exists, on which case the backstop will never come into effect, or it doesn't exist, in which case they're lying.
UFOs are an awesome scam. Just write a book or make a documentary and sell it, under the premise you worked for the fbi or nasa or something. If someone denies you did then just say they're part of the cover up. You don't even need to provide any proof. A few blurry photos or reports of radar signals or something. UFO enthusiasts will believe anything.
This is digging up the corpse and dancing around with it, wearing its skin.
Damn diesel cars!
Did he say it was awesome? Because I don't think I've ever seen him review anything that he doesn't think is awesome.
This movie has the worst run of posters of any superhero movie since... I honestly don't know.
TIL Marvin is Samurai Jack.
Film Director Gives You Homework.
It would be nice if Boris had gone with that. Instead he went with "these people look fucking stupid".
New, I'd think. There were other details I heard. Battery concerns for the pro, pushing 1080p in handheld. Experiments with 4k output. Final features are not finalised for pro, but no earth shattering surprises. A new dock. Vr has gone down well, apparently.
I wouldn't expect it to be different.
Also the umpire, and then they have to turn around 3 times, also I don't know how this rounders game works.
So the economy becomes wrecked and the UK breaks up... That's fine. But corbyn must be avoided because what? Not for economic reasons obviously.
Sure, just travel at something near the speed of light.
You just need to stretch the inverted one.
It's the one that's the wrong way around.
He cares about Boris.
You literally split the 70s into two groups.
Unicorns.
Obi wan: "jump over me and I'll probably hit you with my lightsaber, so this is me literally warning you not to do that. " Anakin, "nuh uh!" Anakin jumps, within easy striking distance, leaving self completely undefended, and is struck by multiple hits. Obi wan, "why are you like this?"
I don't think you'll find much hate here, it's a well praised movie. It looks and sounds fantastic. The problem is in the script which suffers from a sag in the middle of the story and a reliance on characters exposition to explain why the bad guy is so bad. Meanwhile the title character is reduced to a faceless henchman.
Why does his shoulder pad have a pony tail?
I don't think the film is interested in that.
It's 'kinda' there. But it's not even the biggest issue to be fair. The main problem is that the villain (Clu) we are told is bad. We are told he's done lots of bad things and is going to do more bad things, but during the events of the film he doesn't actually do that many 'bad things'. The majority of the 'bad things' he does are told in an exposition dump. We are told he wiped out the 'isos' - characters we don't know and have no reason to think are particularly different to any other program. Quora is the 'last' apparently, but she's not obviously different to Michael Sheen's character. We should have seen the Isos being wiped out during the movie. Rounded up. Their buildings destroyed. There's no reason why we can't have. It would have added stakes and a sense of the threat Clu posed.
We need an update if any of these jobs comes through :) good luck!
A bot I'd imagine.
Didn't realise it was real-time at first. Fantastic work. Mouse faces and human like movements are a little creepy, but those could be refined.
And the brextremists who've pushed for no deal this whole time will never accept responsibility.
"Hey, I know you lost your warehouse job, and you've got no qualifications, but if you retrain then you can make robots! What do you mean you can't afford to retrain and that you need a new job in a week or you'll be homeless? Pull yourself up by your bootstraps!"
Now, now, let's not throw around conspiracy stories. Obviously they're not getting paid. They're ideological lefty zealots/globalist capitalists, wedded to the EU socialist Federalist state/brainwashed by the centrist bankers to believe the EU should be our unelected masters.
One where we let Russia continue to use nerve agents on our soil without repurcussions?
In terms of land available? No. We are mostly a land of farms. Have you seen essex? Mostly fields and fields of yellow rape seed. In fact around 70% of the UK is farmland, with only around 8% of land as built on. The issue is a lack of buildings and infrastructure being built for the population.
Really enjoyed this one. It's a really nice story with lovely animation and a good time travel hook.
Patrick Minford, leading Brexiteer, was saying we would need to 'wind down' the car manufacturing industry in 2016. Brexiteers are going to move past the part where they deny it. They will move to the 'it's for the best' camp, if they're not there already.
May decides to ask for the Salisbury suspects as she is on her way out? What happens when they say no? I guess it's another thing she can say she failed at. Meanwhile the daily Star story is bizarre. Front page news is about an actor complaining about being famous. This presumably from an interview with the press. But then again, in a story where it seems he's genuinely concerned fame is damaging his mental health the daily Star stick him on the front page? It's kind of sinister.
Oh I am. I'm pretty sure we're kinda fucked. But whataboutism shouldn't distract us from Putins molevolence.
He's ex-KGB, it's not really a surprise he's got 'insight'. He wouldn't be able to play dictator and assassinate enemies with impunity as easily without.
I'm not sure what your point is.
My point is that he's a dictator in all but name and is responsible for the use of chemical weapons in Salisbury as well as a great many other things.
The comment was edited, so it wasn't about his ability to 'form a cogent argument', but about how he could basically 'speak straight' and cut to the point. I was making the point that he could say whatever the fuck he likes because he doesn't have to worry about any opposition, because they all wind up dead.
Russian sports are weird.
To be fair it's bavk ordered for months, so it's not like they need more customers until production catches up.
He's so tiny. He's like a miniature dictator.
Yes.
He kept throwing out the old one and getting a new puppy each time.
I cringed a bit.
Shaking his hand? Where's his peace prize?? /s
But can you imagine? Did you see him eat a bacon sandwich? Utter chaos.
If only she had been in a position of influence these past few years.
Those too I'm sure.
Eh, was more likely back in the cold War. You'd only have open warfare between superpowers if one side ligitimately thought they'd win. But in a nuclear war no one wins. More likely we suffer ongoing proxy wars.
I angry. Why this no loop perfect???
I like how you've made your place seem like an abandoned house from a zombie apocalypse movie.
Yes, that makes a lot of sense. I'd not really considered nerve damage.
Whether or not he will be missed or was a bad man is kinda beside the point.
Pretty sure this is a good demonstration of how assassinations are a bad idea.
You said 'Actress', rather than character and I think it's fair to say Felicity Jones is perhaps the best actress in any Star Wars movie. That's no disrespect to Portman or Keri Russel who are also fantastic.
It's not a competition is it? Both countries have done awful things over the years, but there are no points being awarded for 'worst country'. The goal should be toward less chaos and death. Soleimani was himself responsible for a great deal of it, and responsible for a great deal of evil, but this assassination will create more chaos. If the goal was to avoid US deaths then I don't see how this will achieve it.
I'm not entirely sure Trump took action in context of anything. I think he saw an opportunity to look the strong man and acted without considering consequences or wider policy.
I wonder if the writers at the Star call themselves 'journalists', and if so whether they can do so with a straight face.
Hey Aussies. UK here. You're welcome to come crash and there's always bar work for you. I'd say you should probably vote for some other cunts, but we just voted for Brexit and Boris Johnson. So we empathise with the political situation and of course hope the fires stop. Its a shame the cunt in charge won't do fuck all.
They are saying Trump commited an act of war in order to stop war and save lives. So... Basically, "war is peace".
Trump continues to make shitty trade deals.
Yeah, but how else would he know what the weather was?
How many lives must be ended to avenge the unmanned drone?
Iraq?
So you are stating that this will not escalate further and there will be no us military deaths? Or just a handful?
People are joking about the draft. So you are saying there is a chance us military will die, but barely any. And if you are wrong?
[You can see scans of every issue here. ](http://62.210.205.110/PCZone/)
It's fantastic and one of the best looking games of the past year.
You believe the west should blow up cultural sites in order to 'look strong'?
[There's a playlist with a few others here!](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTFQGNR4scmoAnPoKRM11g6EF7WLXGKYU&amp;fbclid=IwAR1TMelQ_4AH6c4h3f2xCqIKy9Kg1_zSlQVdDB-EXPXOKOdMQcQpo7nIDwA)
Presumably as time goes on wind will get cheaper and more effective, to the point where we could have way more than we need. If you had 300% capacity being generated then surely you could create water storage solutions that pumped water up into storage and then allowed it out as needed. It wouldn't matter if it was a bit wasteful or inefficient because you would have more energy than required.
That's my thinking exactly.
History will not look kindly on them.
You write 'not a breakup post', but all things considered it really should also be a breakup.
I thought this was an atetheonion moment and she was being traded as a girlfriend to a different team.
They did pretty well. Also royalties from other sources like movies, TV, ads and radio plays would likely be much higher.
If iran accidently shot it down then it would be their responsibility for not ensuring their systems can account for tracked civilian flights, or for not shutting down those flights. But the entire situation would not have happened if Trump had not decided to assassinate a top Iranian leader. So no, it is not all his responsibility , but this will also not be the end of the chaos. More lives will be lost as a consequence of Trump wanting to play the tough guy. This is the reason why Bush and Obama chose not to undertake such assassination hits against Iranian leaders.
Try and guess who now owns Cadburys. Yeah... And you wonder why people call you monsters. Lindt and Hotel Chocolat are where its at.
I was only talking about hersheys.
They're the ones who ruined Cadburys.
Boris just dropped red lines. He got a deal basically identical to what the EU offered a couple years ago. A sea border was always going to be the only way for the UK to diverge from the EU. In a few years Ireland will vote on whether to stay in the same situation (parity with Ireland) or build check points. Guess what they will choose? Sea border will remain.
Yeah, was gonna comment the same. Mistakes get made. Someone should have caught it regardless.
&gt;Lindt isn't even that good imo. You shut your whore mouth.
[It's not the only one... There's loads.](http://www.superdickery.com/tag/superman-is-a-dick/page/4/)
They're a traditional thing to go with Fish and Chips in some places. I'd not even tried them until recently, but they actually taste alright. Like a dip or something.
I mean it might be someone else. Even if it winds up being Biden vs trump you will hopefully still vote against trump.
Ah yes, back with Return of the Jedi. Then the prequels happened.
/r/gatekeeping
Laughs in Baby Yoda.
I mean... okay? Sure.
Detective Pikachu happened.
You could do a great series, but there'sno way a budget could be as high as you'd need.
I'm gonna guess its 50% racism and 50% anti royalists looking to give one of the a kicking.
Don't forget the racists. It's inclusive in your comment of course.
What behaviour is that?
The press hounded her to her death.
You believe that people born into wealthy families all 'earned' their wealth?
It is reported that the Queen threw an antique French armoir through the Palace window, screaming 'what a fucking liberty!' Aides have reported she is incandescent with righteous fury and demanded literal blood. Her anger will not end until the land is covered in fire and blood. At least... That's what I'm getting from the apocalyptic tone on show.
Definitely no racism here...
Field of view? Refresh rate?
No, she is undeniably mixed race. Her mother is black. There are black people who have lighter or darker skin. People who are mixed race also experience racism. But even then, a mixed race person is entirely within their rights to identify with the race of either of their parents. Is [Jordan Peele](http://www.gstatic.com/tv/thumb/persons/275831/275831_v9_bb.jpg), well known black director and actor, a 'black person' to you? [[Here is him with his mother.](https://i.imgur.com/EAFjrtF.png)](https://i.imgur.com/EAFjrtF.png) So.... you are either saying that someone has to be 'dark' enough or they can't be 'black', or you are saying that Jordan Peele is also 'clearly white'.
Her body guard asked a couple of people to stop taking photos? The monster! And she's NOT the next Diana?? What a fucking liberty.
The scary part is how prone to mistakes these systems are. Either that or as with MH17 some idiot getting trigger happy. War is chaotic. Armed conflict leads to 'collateral damage'. Its why we should avoid war where possible, for instance : not assassinating foreigner leaders on a whim. Because let's be honest, there was no immediate threat, and certainly nothing that the assassination stopped. Its only effect has been to raise tension in the region, wioe away any progress in the mid East and temporarily shunt impeachment off the news.
Sit awkwardly and feel awkward. Wow... this is awkward. Oh it's over. Blow out candles. Right let's stop doing this.
Of course he does. It's because the election is soon. Expect the usual: Lies. Prediction time; he will state that he has done more for the environment than anyone in the history of mankind and the environment is the best it's been since time began and... really any other bullshit he can come up with.
"my bad", said Iran.
Which one?
It requires depressingly little effort for him to nearly start WW3.
I dunno. Golden? More of an orange about him.
So Iran shooting one down is at the very least gross negligence.
Probably want to give them like... More than a couple days before stating their push to independence is doomed.
Someone will need to be held to account.
Well that's just fucking stupid.
I thought that place was run by scientologists.
Oh, you think the snake keepers gonna take this lying down?
16k 360hz you say?
It's literally the most and indeed only acary show I can think of.
It's not even my only time helping them out. I went and saw endgame. You know how big that movie got after?
I had a potential client come to me discussing a corporate software job. We talked about doing some spec work to land their client (I often do subcontracting) and so I did a prototype, which I expected woukd be for basically no money. He came back after it was and actually offered me an amount that was pretty reasonable for what I had done, saying that he didn't want me to work for free, which was nice. He then says the client wants to move onto the 'next stage'. This would be a fully functional version, that not only had to be accurate to their priduct, but also quite well featured, with multiple configuration options , with a custom interaction system, using an experimental platform, look good, but also be super efficient and load quickly. It would also potentially extend to be an actual tool for their clients to configure their products. So.... Quite a lot. But he says there would be a budget of '67 grand', an amount that I could see working with the number of outside contractors and time required. It was only in our next conversation when discussing budget further that I realise he didn't say '67'. He said 6 or 7. For all of it. I let him know that this would accomplish about 10% of what was required. I could pay a guy below rate to put together part of the configurator perhaps. He asks when we could get started. I then have to explain that it wouldn't be enough for me to get anything actually working as I'd be working for weeks, for zero pay and the end result wouldn't be good. He asked when we could start. Again. This time very aware that he was asking me to work for free. No pay. For probably 2 months. And was pissed off when I said flat out no and that I would not be doing it. Oh... And I also found out that the ultimate client already had a configurator on another more expensive platform, but wouldn't share it with us for bullshit corporate reasons. At this point I'd had enough. This led to me having to explain to him that the end product going down this path would be useless. That the entire project was fantastically ill conceived and a waste of time. If it was to prototype... We'd done that. If it was to work out a configurator... They have that. So unless it was going to be done properly there was no point. He let me know that he was going to look bad telling them he couldn't do what he'd said he would. Yes, yes I would suppose so.
It was a Skype, but otherwise it was pretty much at the stage where a contract would be drawn up. I didn't mind doing the spec part of the job even for free. But no contract was required in the end because I turned the whole thing down.
Their successes have relied on marvel for spiderman to give the character a wider, stabalizing influence and guiding hand. Venom was for many I think a surprise hit. Certainly it was rough in places. So Morbius is going to be the first real test to see if they've learned anything.
I don't understand why he holds back. He should just state he won the civil war and freed all the slaves. Also that he won WW2 and uh.... I'm struggling to find something ridiculous enough for him not to say. He was the first man on the moon. No, he invented the moon. It was his idea. Nope. I can still see him taking credit for inventing the moon.
So is farage saying he doesn't deserve the 150k, or is it on principle he is giving it up?
Well, he's either making a statement about it as a principle: He doesn't need their stinkin' money. Or he's making a statement about his effort there: He recognises he doesn't deserve it because he didn't do anything. Either way suggests he either (as you say) give it all to charity, or not accept any of it. But I guess this way he keeps his cushy pension and gets to say "But I gave up the money".
As with cigarettes - do everything possible bar banning it.
Lynchs dune looked pretty awesome. It wasn't the production quality that let it down.
(by reading this you consent to voting yes)
Reminds me a bit of 'the Last Night'. It's a nice style. I do feel however that there's something off about the whole tratement. The lights and neons feel quite 'flat', as if there's no highlight to the brightness. In fact a lot of it feels more flat than it needs to. Have you dropped the highlights down in post? A bit of a boost to the brighter elements may help perhaps.
It did. Just real quick.
It would have revealed the secret that they swapped identities.
I before e, except after c.
Imagine if they cared enough to actually help people transition into new industries. Imagine if they cared about people using food banks or paycheck to paycheck, where a single mishap could lead to financial disaster. Imagine if they gave a fuck about the death of the high street ... its corpse taken over by gambling shops that suck money from the community. Did you see Iain Duncan Smith got a knighthood?
ITT: People not linking to the songs on youtube or something.
Bit of an odd choice for Mustapha to go with trees and water, when fire and lava are more suited. Should have had him turn up at the castle (or ruins of?) and find the wayfinder there.
I've not played the 3rd episode yet. Must get on that. But the planet in the movie could literally be anywhere. There's nothing to say what it's name is and nothing to suggest why Kylo Ren is there or why the Wayfinder is there. It's just: FIGHT and then GOT THING.
Awkward family reunion.
So you're saying the US has further to go and needs to start with much more effort to begin that journey?
Just as well that overall universal Healthcare is cheaper and more efficient. You just have to live with people who pay less tax than you and earn less than you getting as good healthcare as you do. But you also won't go bankrupt from healthcare bills. So while it's a win-win, it does require empathy, or just a little critical thought. But healthcare companies will make less profit, so I guess that's abhorrent.
So what should be done?
Okay, so to take drugs. Look at the Portugal experience (and in other countries) where drugs are decriminalised and it is treated not as a criminal matter, but a public health one. This has led to a decrease in drugs use. Additionally... poverty will of course increase the likelyhood of a person turning to substance abuse. So while there are 'many problems' you must have thoughts on the solutions to those. Saying "Copy Singapore and cut take to 3%" doesn't seem to be a solution, rather than an ideology.
Those are things. What is your point?
&gt; I think the #1 thing normal people can do to stop homelessness is to take care of the people in our lives who are at risk of homelessness So.. your solution is... 'what if everyone was just nicer to each other?' What practical steps do you think should be taken to make everyone 'nicer'. What policy should be enacted? &gt;if not being homeless is your priority, you won't be for very long There are 150,000 homeless in California, a cursory google appears to show. What do you think it is about California that makes it so attractive to be homeless there, rather than not be? &gt; it may mean you have to get help for your mental problems And lets say, for arguments sake, those 150k decided they all wanted to get mental health care. Where might that be accessed free of charge?
&gt;That actually proves my point. No. It proves that your current system is not working. It doesn't prove it is somehow superior to other systems. Meanwhile it is PROVABLY cheaper under other systems. &gt;The rest of the world benefits greatly from new drugs and procedures that are developed in the US. Why is it cheaper for the rest of the world? Why would pharma companies in the US not charge MORE to the rest of the world? &gt;If this is what you think, I think you need to learn more about how government works. Doesn't sound like a factual denial. Indeed it sounds more like Libertarian talking points presented as if they alone are enough. &gt;improvements will come from less government involvement, not more. Why? You say they will and just say: Competition = more better. But this is just ideology. In factual reality you can compare the US system to government run systems - of many different types, with varying degrees of private involvement - and see that they are superior. &gt;What about these people? Do they not matter to you? There are consequences to everything. In 2010 'Satisfaction' in the NHS was at the highest it had ever been after years of government investment. The tories have cut services across the board and of course this has led to services getting worse. This is driven by ideology also. So yes. Those people matter a lot and I think we should return investment in the system back to where it was. But hey, do you want to play a game of 'compare the outcomes'? Because whatever horror stories you can dig up from the Daily Mail I am sure[ I can find far, far more from the US.](https://www.npr.org/series/651784144/bill-of-the-month?t=1579294810040) How many bankruptcy stories are you going to find in the UK?
&gt;You totally didn't address my point at all. Hey, maybe allowing people to buy foreign drugs will help a bit. How will it bring down hospital bills from 500k? Are the doctors going to work for less money also? &gt;Because they don't have to recoup the cost of development. Why? What is stopping the Pharma companies from making them pay for it also? &gt;So maybe the function of such a critical system shouldn't be at the mercy of politicians, hmm? It requires politicians who give a fuck, just like the way everything else does. &gt;The reason I linked the story I did is to illustrate that money is not the only measure that counts, as you seem to be implying. And I explained that I would see more money spent, not less.
Ireland are not going to vote to put up a hard border. If it comes to it NI will simply vote to stay within the EU rules, and the border in the sea. This works for the EU perfectly fine. Indeed they offered just such a thing like... 2 years ago.
I get it. You're a libertarian. 'Less government' should not be a goal in and of itself, and certainly not at any cost. Pursuing Ideology alone will only ever run headlong into the very solid wall of reality. I'm sure you're happy for roads to be government run and funded. You're not about to advocate putting tolls on every road.
They are long videos. Maybe point out specifically which quotes you would like me to pay attention to. Are you not libertarian?
5 mins is long if I need to pick out what you are referring to.
Nice try? Not sure what you think I was trying to get away with. Yes, by all means, NI alone gets the vote. And sure, I guess it does bring a meaningless, pointless sense of flag waving sovereignty, without providing any tangible change, benefit or effect.
So.... You agree with literally everything in both videos. I could watch them and know that everything that is said completely mirrors your beliefs and opinions?
By all means wave vaguely at a couple of videos, but I'm not sure you can complain I do not address them when you refuse to do so yourself.
I'm not sure why you think I believe Mays deal is any better.
If Star Wars Kid had had this he wouldn't have looked half as silly.
Of course it's down to the media. The question you have to ask yourself is: why do I even care? I don't care about the personal drama of the royals and I don't care about how the royal family is structured. The only thing that even really effects us is how much tax money we spend on them. In this case they are saying they will pay it back. Seems reasonable. Meanwhile, everyone is talking about Meghan and not Andrew. I would argue that it is in the interests of royal correspondents to focus on a little drama than much more sinister stories.
Because she has been cast as the villain. Try to recall what it is that she has actually done that is so abhorrent.
Okay, so tell me why it would be a bad thing to have my house infested with these things. Because right now I see no downsides.
Looks like foxy lad is wondering if the bird is lunch or he is.
Nice. Been waiting for a good price to get a set :)
And of course when challenged on that they say "she's obviously white". It's like being anti semetic and saying "yeah, but that person isn't even properly Jewish, so I can't be anti semetic towards them."
"I have money and I need to spend it on the most ridiculous crap you can come up with" "so like... A phone encrusted with diamonds?" "no... More ridiculous" "a chrome plated supercar?" "the fuck did I say? More! What's the most pointlessly expensive, ugly, waste of time you can imagine?" "Hmmmm... Okay, but it'll take years and a lot of cash and look real cheap. Like a toy from a dollar store." "perfect. I don't even care what it is." "you know how many people you could help with that money?" "yes. And knowing that gets me hard." "i... Okay... I'm gonna go now."
Imagine when they discover movies, or TV, or books.
So.... They just need to believe in Britain more? Or what?
Wat?
Like when we were in the EU and people complained about bendy bananas.
Great. Just did a buy it now for £50.
To use? Or resell :)
Lol I have nowhere to put more than 1 unfortunately, so that will have to do, and someone else can have the opportunity. https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.co.uk%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F274201969724
Nah, just the photo and it's angled down a bit.
Some poor junky fish.
Watcha doing this weekend?
When do the animals begin to regrow?
A good test as to whether the treatment of the dutchess, who is mixed race, with a black mother, is racist or not is whether the person denying there is racism says "she is clearly white".
It's gonna be a lot more engaging to the majority to share something visible like a console or game package then it is to have a discussion about how to get all of the secrets in Chucky Egg on the C64. Additionally, in order to play a retro game as it was released most often requires original hardware and a crt. You can of course just play on a pc, but it won't be quite the same. So those who play retro games are also more likely to be collectors. But hey, if you want to talk about Mines of Titan strategies, or how to get top score on Spacewar (pdp-1 version) then I'll start a thread.
If you were a Librarian you would know. They are a proud people.
Yeah, but once link defeats him and takes the weapon it's only going to take like... 10 hits before it shatters.
Indeed. Its a pretty striking comparison. Even in the papers today there is a sympathetic Kate story about isolation in pregnancy.
"Son. What did I tell you about lying?" "But dad!" "No. It's time to be punished. Out to the log cabin." "No, please!" "30 minutes of Double Dash, and then we'll see how far you've gotten in Shenmue." "Dad..." "If you tell me it sucks one more time I swear to god you will be playing Goldeneye for a week!" "It's not nostalgic for me, dad! It's dated really badly!" "I know."
Of course. It's hilarious in it's bare faced audacity, not in the chilling effect it has on justice.
I've released games and know what unfair criticism can look like. It sucks to have someone dislike your game for not being something they subjectively would want it to be, or for a seemingly ridiculous reason. Certainly having it listed as a 'hard platformer' and the review criticising it for being as advertised is a bit silly, and frustrating. Then again they may be simply poor at communicating what they mean. Maybe they like a challenge and thought they'd try your game, but rather than just 'hard' they found it to be unfair. But even if they are just being unreasonable these sorts of reviews are just a reality and you shouldn't take them to heart. Best to take pride in the good ones and seek out constructive criticism in the negative ones, so that it can be fixed, or your next title is better. People checking out a game will read a few good reviews as well as poor and will notice when the reviewer is being unfair, or if their comments lack any substance. "It's crap" is probably going to be ignored. "It's got horrible bugs" won't be. But equally "This game is great! Loved [whatever features] and it's well worth the price" will also be taken notice of.
Well, I'm not in the US, but yes agreed.
"Imma just take these. Wow these are real nice." "he's not even cold!" "I'm honering him." "can't you just wait for-" "Honering!"
Also snake eyes.
I think it's because people go on the same emotional journey. First of all you see them and think.... Damn, those are cute mother fucking cuddle-bears huggin that tree. But then you find out that they have chlamydia, sharp scratchy claws, creepy eyes, screech and are the sort of evolutionary stupid that is hard not to look at and think 'why??'. And you want to share that disbelief and disappointment with everyone. Personally I think they are still pretty fucking cute and you know if their oddities stop people wanting to poach them for the pet trade then maybe good for them.
Matrix 4 coming along nicely I see.
We will survive, as a species. In general. But its gonna get real dicey for billions.
Clouds it looks like to me.
Yeah, but bunnies are cute and also suitable to hug.
Not in the history of mankind. They need us more than we need them. Ready baked. Uh.... 350m? Wait.... Wrong lie.
Man, this is pretty sad. He manages to follow his dream of becoming a blurry young lady and she won't even sit next to him(her) any more.
Wow, that bump sure is there.
Yeah... Looks like a guy. This is like when ufo sorts post images of blurry lights.
Cloud
"Certainly seems like a place where you might toss a Frisbee. But none were reported." Wait? There are people who are not reporting Frisbees???
Just throw a whole shit load of lies out there to muddy the waters.
I too need to raise money for, uhhhh... Ufo awareness. With that in mind I have this fine bridge I can sell you.
I find it strange that you don't believe that people will sell people a fantasy to be famous and make money. Or maybe you think those TV preachers deserve their private jets.
Nah, I'm pretty sure he doesn't give a fuck about anyone or anything other than himself. He cares about what people can do for him. The one thing I can't quite scan is how the man might view his own children. Extensions of himself perhaps.
Nonsense. We clearly hold ALL the cards. How can they possibly have the upper hand. They don't have a hand. We have the hand. All the hands. And it will become the easiest deal of all time. With no downsides, just a whole lot of upsides. People ask: How can it be easy?? Well, we simply go for parity with the existing laws and regulations. Boom. Easy. Then they ask silly questions like "Wait... what happens when we diverge?" and I remind them that they should get over it. They lost. Stop talking Britain down. etc. Now, let us relax and enjoy the new found wealth our fishing industries will bring to the shore.
Would you advise a newby working on a CRT that there is basically 'nil' chance of getting electrocuted? Or would you advise them to research the dangers and to take precautions against what dangers there are? Would you say that poking around a CRT inside is 'safe' if it's 'unplugged'?
It didn't work with Hitler and it won't work here. We work on the Endgame rules where travelling back in time creates a new timeline. The original doesn't change.
I blame all the"traitors" and "sabatours" that the sun warned me about.
The scene where she swallows a whole live grenade is gonna be brutal.
Is that pronounced 'Y-idiot'?
The Joker sequel is lookin' real weird.
DWP: "He's cleared for work. Don't think this means he's not."
I thi k what they actually said was "I wouldn't want to be in the same fucking room with him".
"We were thinking 'Supreme Leader', but His Majesty thought it implied that he would be 'leading' people, rather than ruling them. Which he definitely is."
He's 'cooperating' in the sense that he's doing the absolute minimum that he is legally required to do, which as the son of the Queen gives him some... uhhh.... leeway.
&gt;I can't wait to see how the government responds to this. Government: "No"
&gt;considering TRoS turned out to be amazing. I liked a lot of it and enjoyed watching it for the spectacle, but let's not pretend the script is 'amazing'. The run around after a bunch of wayfinders until everyone turns up for a big battle at the end. They had no idea (or didn't care about) what to do with anyone not named Rey or Kylo. They tossed Rose into the trash, rather than use her in any way. They gave Finn nothing to do. Poe hung out for the ride (and get the magic access token from random ex girlfriend). Ray got a bit angry, but as soon as she stabs Kylo she gives up on the dark side. It has no effect on the end of the movie as she is not at risk from falling to the dark side. It was pretty surface level stuff, but fine. Rey is the main character, and has a nominal sort of progression, but Kylo was the only one who got a proper arc across the movies.
Lawnmower Man. And nothing else.
Concern? The UK car industry is in the hospice. Leave was always going to cause the car industry to be finished here.
Whistleblower law is effectively useless in that case. All you need to do is get a sympathetic news organisation to print the name in connection with the Whistleblower (with freedom of the press bring the defense) and then you can publically say whatever you want.
I finally understand what Adele was singing about.
The problem for her up until now has been Brexit. However she is winning the argument and has the most supporters she's ever had. 10/10.
A year? Why? Has nothing changed? Does that mean we still retain all the rights and benefits we had before?
You must be super excited for tomorrow. What are you most excited about? Which specific, tangible benefit are you anticipating most?
Trump is all about that. Right?
If he'd have left it it would have turned into a redhead.
I before E, except after C.
It's just going to be Mogg and Johnson debating and voting on everything.
Okay, semantics aside, do you have anything to add?
That's deeply unfair. Trump knows less about every subject. He's the most ignorant. Biggliest ignorance. Some say hes the greatest ignorance of all time.
Kinda confused why they changed the company name by a letter.
Of English?
It's like magic. And just like that... The brexiteer vanishes!
Gop:"They don't"
&gt;compared with african africans, george loyd was living the good life. "Sure, he got murdered, but... uhh.... what was my point again?" You're aware that Africa is a massive continent, rather than "the small 3rd world country of Africa", right? Plenty of people in Africa lead lives that will be much happier than Floyd. &gt;the protests around the world could have happened in response to injustices from other countries but they don't. People are rallying around the issue. We've seen the US go through this for a long time, but it's not just the US. Black and other ethnic groups suffer in the UK where I am from. There is racism world wide. It is a movement about injustice as a whole. To say "whatabout all the other injustices!" is... whataboutism. It dismisses the justified anger people feel and the desire to change things in their own lives, and suggests that unless you champion literally every other worthy cause you should shut up. It's like when people criticise Trump and his apologists say "what about china!" - well yes, we should protest their wrongs as well. But that's not 'instead of'. &gt;i think people are looking at america as absurd Do you mean the healthcare? Or the mass shootings? Or the wealth gap? Or the civil forfeiture? Or the electoral college? Or the border concentration camps?
It takes bravery to do it as they pass and quickly drive away.
I'm going to imagine that the ability to plan and construct a bomb, combined with premeditated intent to murder specific people, is enough that even a degree of mental illness is not enough to account for his actions.
Oh, ho, ho! Nice try, but there was plenty wrong with me. Still is. But now I'm middle aged and have run out of fucks.
Maybe Johnson just discovered how important Dover is for trade.
I mean... Its a bit like denial isn't it. Its absolutely the thin edge of the rhetorical wedge deniers use to attempt to get people on their side. Sow a bit of doubt, don't be specific... Not to say that was his intention. Not to say he still believes the same. Not to say that a dubious comment said when he was 20 should tar him for life. But hocaust denial is insidious and pervasive and should absolutely be an area where people tread lightly.
Why can't we do both? We can recognise that at the time, for the slaver, it was not illegal to be a slaver, nor was it considered abnormal. Of course there would have been those at the time who considered it immoral or evil, not least the people who were, you know, slaves. ["An English court case of 1569 involving Cartwright who had bought a slave from Russia ruled that English law could not recognise slavery. This ruling was overshadowed by later developments, particularly in the Navigation Acts, but was upheld by the Lord Chief Justice in 1701 when he ruled that a slave became free as soon as he arrived in England."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_Britain) -Wikipedia Slavery was never 'legalised' in England and as above there were cases about the legitimacy of slavery for 100 years before Colston, so it's not like it was controversy free. Take deforestation of the Amazon. Logging is legal in Brazil. The world uses wood. It eats the beef that graze on land where rain forests once stood. But that doesn't mean it's 'okay' even now. Indeed most people when asked would happily see it end, I would bet. In the future people might look back and think mass deforestation was 'acceptable' and the 'standards of the time', even if most people find it abhorrent. We should of course recognise that his statue was not for his slaving, but his charitable work. I'm not sure that using the profits of slavery to benefit yourself and others is really the most charitable act possible. It's not like he lived in poverty to the benefit of others. But we can at least say he made life better for some. But if we are to judge his slaving by the standards of the time he was doing what he was allowed to do and profiting from it, just as bankers might be seen today. If we take into account his charitable work then it's likely by the time he died the view of his was fairly positive. Yet we are capable - literally able - to judge him by the standards of our times. Or even on our own individual standards. We can do that. At the same time. With that in mind the fact that a slaver's statue was still standing in this day and age is not really a good look. By all means put it in a museum, but it doesn't need to be out in public. There are plenty of other historical figures far more deserving of the place. Seeing as the system/council has not seen fit to take it down, despite requests to do so, it's clear that the official route is not working. Pulling it down seems the next best option.
"Valid point?" "I understand your point of view."
"How best to display my ignorance today?"
Well why would they- &gt;"This is the duality I live with as a black man in America" Oh right, got it.
Uhhhh... The bubba gump shrimp place. SMH.
That's why you always leave a note.
It's actually not hard at all to recap them. There are plenty of guides and if the sound is the only issue then it's all on one mini board with about 5 to do. You pull off the old ones and solder on the replacements (ensuring you get the right replacements and right way around for + and -). Probably less than $5 for the caps.
&gt;He caught his mother with basically a duffel bag of drugs, but was so attracted to her that he let her pass Jackie was a complicated man.
We personally are stuck here, give or take. Mostly. Our descendents might not be. Thing is, if you were to get up to near the speed of light then time would slow down for you. So in certain potential futures we might be able to reach other stars in our lifetime. As a species we can definitely colonise using generation ships and robots etc.
The Go replaced GearVR. GearVR and other phone VR was a compromise. A GearVR, which didn't have any processing, just lens and plastic etc... $100. For $200 you got a Go. Go did really, really well considering due to it's low friction. GearVR was a cool novelty but the friction to use was a no go for most people. Quest has now taken the Go and made it vastly, vastly superior, so it's no surprise no one wants phone vr any more.
Where can I vote to have statues of people that support Hitler taken down?
Damn, you sure got that strawman. He didn't stand a chance. I'd say it would be better if the council had taken these statues down before now, but typically they say 'no'.
&gt; to characterise an entire life's work. Well, not really, no. &gt;The Colston statue I can sort of get behind That's what I said. &gt;I'm unaware of vocal masses wanting the Baden-Powell statue removed until now. Strikes me somewhat as bandwagoning. Well... it's getting publicity, so it's not a surprise that people have heard of it suddenly.
Corbyn was disliked from the start. I was happy to give him a chance. But then he just stuck around after being ineffectual.
My guess is that they were not finalised on design and after the xbox reveal they settled on a look that set it apart.
Can't have incompetent leadership if you are never there.
Thing is, the risks of masks were: -Not enough for medical professionals. -People might fuck it up and do it wrong. Of course now we know that coverings may have helped, and the two risks of the above could be solved by: -Government having a stock pile of PPE, or being prepared in some way. Meanwhile encouraging people to simply cover their faces rather than buy masks. -Some simple educational material of how to use a face covering. Certainly 'not knowing for sure' is not enough reason to not use face coverings.
That seems a flawed argument. Wearing a seat belt isn't going to make you drive more recklessly. Countries like South Korea have not seen people having spring break pool parties.
The last guy also looked pissed off that you were looking at him the whole time.
Sure. But you still use safety equipment. Wear a seat belt.
Best way to avoid covid is to self isolate.
And now the evidence shows masks do help. So... for now... why not both?
I got a Silicon Graphics 19" for £50. 1920x1200 @72Hz It's pretty nice.
Any other politician you might give them the benefit of the doubt and that they mispoke and meant something else. Trump could literally call for slavery to return and I would still see it as on brand for him.
It's vga :)
Ah that makes sense.
Hey, so... This 'resistance'... Why were they throwing up nazi salutes? Why then after did they attack the police? Why then after did they roam Hyde Park aggressively hassling people?
Hard not to be cynical about the current government.
I think your instinct that it is too difficult to explain may indicate that it doesn't have a strong enough hook. Can you get your concept across in a couple of sentences? If not then perhaps the idea is not clear enough to you. Bear in mind this applies to almost any storytelling.
Yeah, cathartic sure. But it would be less so if the guy had died and white car gets arrested for murder.
They seem to be conflating 'stop all viruses' with 'limit exposure'. The idea of masks is to limit the amount of aerosols and the distance they travel, reducing the risk of transmitting to people you pass. There's a reason we cough or sneeze into a cloth, hand or tissue. Not because it magically stops any illness, but because it limits how far it is able to spread.
&gt;Johnson went on to say he wanted to “stop the sense of victimisation and discrimination” Not stop the decriminalisation. Stop the 'sense' of it.
I got the dreamcast one :)
'Anomaly' implies that being over charged for health care in the US is a rare event.
Of course it does. The system in place allows these abuses to occur. Free at the point of delivery would ensure these mistakes do not happen.
Government.
He's a keeper. Lock that shit down. Put a ring on it. Etc.
I meant that they had the capability, not that they had the desire.
Pretty sure you need concequences for laws to matter.
I could have done that. Where's my millions?? Oh wait... I don't know anyone in government.
All those cops recently beating the fuck out of journalists at protests might say differently.
Well... It was empty due to covid.
I certainly think it could work. Not watched Mystery Inc, but it looks solid.
Yeah, well I dislike their shitty pens.
Our ability to detect life is woefully insufficient currently. We simply don't have sensitive enough equipment to detect 'leaky' signals like TV.
I attempted to watch it at home for laughs, but honestly I just felt uncomfortable every single second.
Not say that it doesn't matter. I find it ironic that your name here is 'PeopleForgetWhy' and you are advocating forgetting about the Salisbury attacks.
Presumably we can have reports on more than one thing.
-"Galileo", Figaro
[What's your 'hing?](https://vimeo.com/364763869)
"I was worried people I loved would die" I mean.. They still might.
You say that, but there were 6382 other Jancis on reddit before you signed up.
Google is a multi billion dollar company and this is the best they can do? Smh.
I've been to that street. It's really fucking nice, and it's likely you wouldn't over look it. But this is also a fantastic photo.
Oh shit, they spilled all the fire they were transporting and now it's blowing away in the wind.
This is AWESOME. My single creative comment is about the hair, which feels a bit featureless and smooth, like lego hair. Maybe a little texture could help. Otherwise: fantastic work.
Come on. You know which cut.
There's a difference between the usual bullshit US government do and Trump. If given the chance Trump would be a brutal dictator. If you think both sides are just as bad as each other then maybe you haven't been paying attention. Throwing your hands up and giving up achieves nothing. Certainly it doesn't help the poor. It doesn't help the underclass that already exists. Things can always get worse. Don't think they can't. Maybe try to stop them getting worse at the same time as bemoaning things not getting better.
&gt;accepted wholly by society In the UK? No. No it wasn't 'wholly' accepted. &gt;condoned by the highest political and moral authorities? By many, yes. That's what allowed it to happen with British companies abroad. Slavery during Empire was far more prevalent away from England than in it, allowing many to simply ignore it. But let's not pretend that it was something every person 'accepted' and no one questioned. These men knew what they were doing. They don't get absolved because it was 'another time'.
Yes, that is in and of itself accurate. But that's not the argument. The argument is whether it was 'wholly' (as in completely) accepted. It was not. Wikipedia: &gt;An English court case of 1569 involving Cartwright who had bought a slave from Russia ruled that English law could not recognise slavery. This ruling was overshadowed by later developments, particularly in the Navigation Acts, but was upheld by the Lord Chief Justice in 1701 when he ruled that a slave became free as soon as he arrived in England. [38] &gt;Agitation saw a series of judgments repulse the tide of slavery. In Smith v. Gould (1705–07) 2 Salk 666, John Holt (Lord Chief Justice) stated that by "the common law no man can have a property in another". (See the "infidel rationale".) So there were indeed people who were against slavery, including legal judgements. So no... it wasn't 'accepted wholly' by society and those men who profited from slavery would have known this. Indeed this is why the trade flourished away from England where the law would not affect them. These people do not get absolved of their guilt because it was 'normal' back then.
US Bolllars?
How much would nuclear cost, if we use hinckley point as a reference?
This of course assumes that we requires 20,000 Liquid air batteries to run continuously for a week (presumably we only require enough to cover those times when wind and sun can't supply enough) - and also that the cost won't come down for manufacture.
Dredd would have given him a year in the cubes for running at most.
People already die playing video games.
Not just some character. He was one of the main characters.
Ehh... Looked more power rangers than Iron man.
Not sure what you mean by 'self hating'. I'm happy to see the statue of Colston go, but wouldn't support Churchill or Ghandi going. How do you feel about the groups who showed up to 'protect' statues that were boarded up, from people who were not there, and then attacked the police while throwing up nazi salutes?
Star wars fan boys arguing about Canon?
Barr is thinking he can do what he likes without consequences.
He treated all these protesters super nice considering there was only that one lady who got arrested. I guess that's what he meant by treating the protesters differently.
It was the largest gathering of people in the history of mankind.
Is it though?
She's going to end up in prison after doing something illegal. Or maybe she turns super dark and becomes a lawyer for the mafia. The Saul we've seen is scared, but does not seem to be grieving. It would make sense if he felt she had betrayed him in some way, or if she was somewhere like prison where he couldn't be with her.
Construction of the Oldest House, 1922, colourised.
It was the largest gathering of people in the history of mankind. There were billions there. Also, violent antifa terrorists stopped people getting close, which is why it looked so empty.
I had to do the same for the Dreamcast version :)
The only thing I can think is that the owner is racist and thinks his customers are all racist as well and if he let's black people in then less racists will come and eat there.
So we can wake up to it.
Yeah but Obama defiled a microwave to spy on trump, and that's against the manufacturer warranty
So... why disallow the black kid who is dressed pretty much the same as the white kid?
Her?
"I'm a fucking moron who eats paste" "Mr. Trump was of course making a satirical point about the way paste is depicted in the mainstream far-left media as a foodstuff-" "No... No I am eating paste right now. It's in my mouth. See. It's the best."
I doubt many wealthy people live in iowa. I will be happy to admit I was wrong if brexit turns out to be good for the economy. Indeed I'd rather it worked out really great for us. I am unconvinced it will however. You are making claims of how good brexit will be for the least we'll off. You are cheerleading brexit as a good thing. Yet you claim zero responsibility for if it is not.
Trash Raptors.
Oh sure, but they come here quite a lot. Friends with a couple of families that do live here as well.
These folks did not have to get a 40 year mortgage for a 'shit' house. These folks are wealthy. &gt;It’s selfish to presume that people are ok with losing a lot of hard earned money for the sake of more houses Their houses won't lose money - they might just not accrue as much value in the long run. Maybe. The racing industry will lose nothing. Meanwhile, it's pretty selfish to block any new houses just because you'd rather not have them there spoiling your view.
&gt;Reddit doesn’t like the idea of average people owning homes and stuff since they are expensive- I'd love to own a home. I'm pretty average. &gt;but that’s a me and you problem, True, and I guess we should do just as they are doing and look after our own interestes. &gt;not a racing industry elite problem. You're right. Screw em. I vote we build as many houses as possible to the benefit of those on lower incomes at the expense of the wealthy. You've really helped me to clarify the issue at hand.
I've not got a PS4 and so no way of playing this. But I watched a bunch of a walkthrough and I liked the story as presented. Not sure what everyone was complaining about.
&gt;does it also say where they had planned to actually do it though because I couldn’t see it? Literally yes. Hatchfield farm. [The site can be seen on the plans.](https://i.imgur.com/JV6peEy.png) It's in the view of a bunch of racing folks, and as you say they probably think it will bring down the tone of the area and stink up the joint. Or otherwise they might bring a bit more traffic or something. In any case they eventually lost, the following upheld: &gt;In July 2015 the scheme was recommended for approval by a planning inspector who decided after a public inquiry that “the risk to the horse racing industry is very small”. That independent planning inspector agreed there was no risk. The issue is that Hancock took a personal decision. Hancock who has received gifts and benefits from the racing industry (all legal of course) chose to side with his mates, rather than the good of the people. But again... they lost. As you say, that's their problem, not ours.
It was opposed as: &gt;Two months later, Hancock wrote to the then housing minister, Brandon Lewis, maintaining that the development would damage the industry and should be rejected for its “exceptional negative economic impact on the local economy”. No idea what that would be. Either way... they lost. All good.
I think we can imply that he was a dick the whole time, otherwise why would the guy have forgotten him. Unless he was nice and he just forgot he existed. Poor Luke.
I didn't realise the MVS would work with the AES - does it require anything?
Wait... which Tory led housing scandal is this? I'm losing track.
These all represent poor entries when compared to either other movies in the franchise or their source material. That doesn't make them bad, it just means that they compare poorly.
Wait... Some people become bigots because they're too lazy to not be bigots?
Or alternatively : stupidity is punished. Not always and certainly not fairly, but stupidity is punished.
Schrodinger's Brexit: We have simultaneously left and not left.
Wait... they all want No Deal or... what?
Wait... I'm beginning to think this documentary is completely made up!
Well... Not the entire country.
You can opt out.
How passionate and important can those beliefs be if you don't bother to even check the rules?
Little ani was scared he would never be able to podrace again or do neat tricks.
Starmer is gaining a lot more popularity and could appeal to a wide spectrum of voters. Corbyn was horribly unpopular.
Yup
She knows nothing about the lift and is directly below the arm. As far as she knows it might suddenly lose power and fall on her.
Try not to cut your feet on the salt crystals or rocky looking shit. Enjoy your saltwater tan/sunburn. Try not to drink any. Sure. Looks like fun.
Stuff like the garage and suit and fury look alright. That street shot does not.
That assumes Brexit isn't it's own disaster and covid doesn't surge into a 2nd wave. Or a 3rd. Or a 4th. Meanwhile Boris is incompetent and lazy. He is barely there as is. Meanwhile Cummings is clearly going nowhere. There zero chance he won't be caught up in other controvesies, And of course as soon as anyone is unloyal to the Cummings/Johnson cabal they get fired. It's a great way to keep a grip onto leadership of the tory party, but an awful way to keep competent people on side. They will bleed loyalty and there will be no one left to actually do anything.
Old dude in the cart is fucking thrilled. He's been keeping that racism on the DL for decades, and now he got Presidential permission to say the quiet words loud. Gonna be quite the whiplash when he realises it has been not OK the whole time and Trump is out of power.
Oh come on, daily new cases can't still be rising. I'll just go check the latest and I'm sure it- oh Holy jesus! America... Seriously. You need an intervention. Sadly we're all socially distancing from you. So... Yeah.
No.
Ps4 was loud.
Trump will say no and the gop know that. Their only option is to double down and hope people can be fooled twice.
I cringed so much I had to stop watching
She was having so much fun, you could hear the joy in her whooping. Then, having enjoyed it enough she let the car go on its way.
If you are using 'gotta' then I'm gonna say you don't need to apologise.
It just seems way too comically evil to quite sink in as real yet. His response has been way too incompetent. After so many scandals it's just kinda so over the top evil that it shocks in a whole new way.
You know what I didn't believe he would just give up. He could continue to lie and the gop would enable him. They would get to the election and do all they can to hold onto the senate and presidency. Trump likely would lose, but would then claim it was all rigged. But the bounties story is not going away. Their only course is to say it is fake news. It's not going to go away. The other scandals are not going away. Tax may be next. I see no way his polling goes up as the economy tanks due to the pandemic. He may well quit. He's done it many times before in business as well as personal life.
They may believe he said it and lied. But of course 'they all lie'. His lies are the 'best' lies and the other side gets so angry about them so that means they're winning. They don't understand how that politics stuff works. It's abstract. They're ignorant of so much because it's complex and it's simpler to just pick a side and go with that. Their guy says they're awesome. They know the people on their side because they wear the same hats. Trump tells them comforting lies and gives them someone to look down on. Unfortunately there's no easy way to solve this. No immediate way at least. People need to vote and support candidates that actually want to make the situation better. Or at least won't actively work to make things worse.
Jarvis or Jackson were friends with Jimmy?
Okay, so the economy is about to go off the rails. Let's see how we can make it worse...
How is that pronounced?
Huh... that's actually pretty close to how it's spelled.
