haha. you right. those C4 sure are dopey looking. all that 80s excess. Yeah, I could take it cheap, get it out of your hair
literally my first thought, too
there are 427 Convertibles that are essentially identical to Zs, but named differently
now I want a bunch of Dark Souls minis
the bit on the movie of him rehearsing his lines comes from real world, where he was actually really trying to remember what to say
Sontar-ha!
extra wide, extra low
Galou and I celebrated the New Year in exactly the same manner
it's polished. damn finely polished. one of the better fps in a long time, from a development and production standpoint. Its still toxic like any moba or team shooter. That's the community. But on its own, production value is mega high.
oh good, like i needed an excuse to buy more board games too. :D
hot hot Hot August Nights
"never split the party" is good advice for players and dms. it just gets complicated
I'm not even supposed to be here today
I'll take the F50, the 250, and the 348 please
yo. um... stealing this.
In previous games, health flasks were a resource to manage. But over time, that has changed. An entire generation of gamers make memes on how you find a potion and DON'T use it, because you save it for when you might need it. Then, just like in my DnD campaign, you introduce refilling potions. See? Now you can use these whenever you want because they will refill! But to balance, and prevent the inevitable spamming of pots, you have to put them on a cooldown or a timer. Now, they are no longer a resource to manage, but just another cooldown. And if it's just another cooldown, then why even have potions to begin? Thus, the dilemma. Make them single use and people will hoard and not use. Make them infinite and you remove the nature of them being potions.
Someone's been watching The Dragon Prince. I don't blame you. I've been shot gunning it too. Good show and excellent depiction of casters.
Beautiful! Where was this taken?
almost! That beautiful crew didn't like their stowaway. :D
&gt;Lake Havasu City, AZ Looked like AZ. We live in the Phoenix metro and its nice to see other Newfs in AZ, even if just for vacation. The dogs love the crisp air, and (like you found) the mountains can be stunning.
So, what you're saying, is that if I mail 1 gold coin to a bunch of people, eventually someone will mail me a full pot-o-gold in return? I'M IN!
drive the rainbow
should have ended at 0:42.
ok, this is adorable. i came in here to complain about posting personal content and just trying to "grow" your channel. But, i was pleasantly surprised. This was fun.
i wish to play with the tiny angry dog
I feel judged. why is she judging me? I don't think I'm worthy
curb finders, but for the ocean bottom.
* [Kobold-Fight-Club](https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder) * [roll20.net](https://roll20.net) * [WorldAnvil](https://www.worldanvil.com/)
I love Dals. Grew up with them when i was a kid. So family oriented. Mega protective. Wouldn't let my grandma in the car when she'd visit. Heh. Took a while for them to recognize who was family, but once they considered you family, you were THEIR family and nobody else's. :D
1. get a controller, it really helps 2. my first Souls game was DS2 as well. I found the green knight giant thing. Spent an age killing it, dying repeatedly before realizing this was just a normal enemy and there were dozens of them. Oh yeah, its gonna be like that. 3. once you "GIT GUD" you'll find it massively rewarding. Its a great game, and opens a door to a ton of great games (DS1, DS3, Bloodborne, even Monster Hunter: World) 4. Agility. Look for ADP and get your Agility up. The game doesn't tell you about it, but it is a hidden stat that does a lot. 5. Any weapon, any armor is viable. Don't think you have to look for "the best" item. Just pick anything cool. In fact, for your first playthrough, try everything. Switch it up. 6. try to have fun. the game is punishing, but immensely fun.
you too, old sport!
quite nice! where'd you get it?
1997 Jeep Cherokee
D-K. Donkey! Kong!
I love the look: "what? you put it here for us, right? What's the problem?"
r/sploot these are the kinds of unsolicited wiener pics we need more of
* r/DMAcademy &lt;--- a great place to meet other dm's and learn more about dming and to chat about ideas and whatnot * [dmsguild.com](https://dmsguild.com) &lt;--- premade campaigns, some free * Just dive in, don't be afraid. make mistakes, just make many mistakes. its cool, and since you are playing with people who care about you as a person (friends and family) then when you make mistakes, they'll support you all the way through. * start with a few small encounters and then grow bigger. don't feel like you need to have EVERYTHING on day 1. you just need a couple beginning encounters, then the feedback you get from your players will give you ideas on what the neighboring areas are like. Then those encounters will lead to more. You'll find that you end up building the world WITH your players, even if they don't realize it at first. * [Kobold-Fight-Club](https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder) &lt;--- help with picking monsters and enemies for encounters, scaled to your party size and strength. * finally, SHUT UP. seriously. We as DM's often get into a habit of just spewing out lore and story and stuff and sometimes if we just stop talking our players will start to fill in the gaps for us. We stop and let the uncomfortable silence settle in, and eventually someone else will speak up. And i guarantee you, the ideas that come out of that will be way different than you anticipated. It will lead to better player buy-in, a more engaging table, and tons of fun interactions you never even considered. Just stopping and listening. Its the best advice I ever got and made my games so much better. Sure, there will be times you'll have to help prompt the team and they'll be looking for you for guidance on a lot of stuff, but also ... just shut up and let them stew. Its amazing how often someone else comes up with a better idea than I ever had, and the story goes in a much cooler direction.
shark happened to be near where the heirloom was stored. and i guess looked punchable
oh man. i used to go to a road course outside Tulsa, OK. There was this insane purple Impala with the license plate PURPALA. Man, that thing was cool, and way faster than I expected.
next we'll see her on r/catsplayingdnd. :)
lol, poor little fella is losing to an inanimate stuffy. too adorbs
I need to boot up Elite again. My Corvette is sitting there waiting for engineering
I think your current idea is brilliant. Lots of possibilities. I say go for it
for sure. that AC blows cold, tho, so that's helpful.
I'd trade the removable top for those wide fenders and extra 100hp. :) &lt;3
me too!
Chicken Rodeo! PCs take turns doing an animal handling check followed by an athletics check. If they succeed on both, they win. Flavor as PC climb into a pen full of chickens and have to chase and try to grab one
that's one HELLUVA collection
our Landseer is also 10 months. :)
those are some quality hangers. top notch
ditto. also happy cakeday
i read this as Paper Mario and i was confused. and now I want to add in papermario as a sidequest for my campaign
we did this a little. everyone else at the table has regular characters except me. The DM told me only that I woke up with amnesia. It was fun. Only a few sessions before i got most of my stats "unlocked" and remembered them again. It was a bit confusing knowing how to play since I didn't know what I was or even who I was. But it was fun.
This game is so good. It's really really well done. But my gods, it is so long. I've got like 40 hours in just the starter area.
good lord, just when you forget something like this comes along to remind you just how HUGE these cars were
right!? And then look at where the hood stops. There's still like 8-inches MORE car. And like 2 or 2 and a half feet between the front tires and the front of the car. Just so majestic
I love Newfs. Our girl Landseer is only 9 months, but a mega clown. r/Newfoundlander
Blind drunk Smite
The R32 for sure. I once had a long conversation about importing an R32 under the guise of calling it a Legend. Swap the badge for an Acura (or Honda) and see if anyone cares or even notices
There are interesting studies being done for the manufacturing space. Wombats extrude cubes. Imagine being able to extrude cubic steel structures without cutting or welding. Somehow the Wombat intestines manage this, and hopefully studying how they poop will help humans.
I owned a '98 240sx at the time. The Acura Legend and the R32 look quite similar, espesially from a non-car-enthusiast point of view. So, being able to sneak in an R32 GTT or GTR into the States, where the 240sx only got the non-turbo KA motor (not the SR) would be a lot of fun. Yes, there are plenty of ways to get an SR motor into the states, plenty of people have done that. So, you could always motor-swap a 240, or even import a RHD Silvia. But the point is getting a full Skyline into the States by hiding it under the skirts of an Acura Legend, which is kind of rare but also a non-street-racing car so hopefully nobody looks too closely at it. Like I said, I had some long conversations with people about it, and (as many people have stated) it couldn't be done. So, best bet was to either forcibly import an R32 through normal channels (expensive and/or illegal, depending) or just import the motor and swap it into something. All that being said, the original comment I was replying to was that these cars have a look about them similar to the Acura Legend.
SO ADORABLE! We have so many photos of our Landseer girl as a puppy, too. Its amazing how fast they grow out of that stage into a giant dog.
This is basically how I do it, too. After a couple rounds, I just tell them the AC if they haven't figured it out already. "Your attack of 15 smashes into the side of the creature (Note: that's its AC for rolls)". AFter a couple rounds, it speeds up combat if players can see that they hit and start rolling their own damage dice without waiting on me to say it. Plus, after a couple rounds, combat can get messy and sometimes the DM's attention gets pulled somewhere else, so if a player rolls an attack and sees it hit, they can go ahead and get their damage dice together and it doesn't hold up things.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvvtLRs9YDc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvvtLRs9YDc)
Do: don't talk at your players so much and just shut up and listen Don't: be afraid to make mistakes. you're going to make them, so embrace them and roll with it. Your players will be laughing with you.
Nice find! Now, get out there and put some miles on! Congrats on the purchase.
Yes, we can now. But 20 years ago, we could NOT. And that's when the conversation took place. Actually, may have been 2001 or 2002? So, 18 years ago. In fact, though, you can start importing R33's this year which is really the dream for me. And if I can convince myself to sell my Corvette and handle RHD and all the inconveniences having a specialty car will be, I might actually go for it.
Yes, if he is trying to min/max then perhaps a tiny creature might not make the best smashy-smashy character. If he isn't trying to min/max, then just go and enjoy the tiny rage.
maybe use spoiler tag?
Pick a day of the week. You show up every week on that day. Those who want to play will start showing up, and they start planning around it. That's what I do. I tell my group that I'll be there every week and as long as 1 person shows up, we are gaming. Surprisingly, we've had almost everyone every week.
Ask me how I got this scar
she's a beaut. My '07 cracked 100,000 miles last year. That's what I love about Corvettes. One car can be loved in so many different ways. Trqck stars, project cars, garage kept classics, and even daily drivers like mine
play the rainbow
they are so sweet
*Blew it*
DCI, the school of buff bards
sounds like an episode of Futurama
Just show up. Most groups are HAPPY to have someone show up. You don't have to know anything. You'll quickly learn, and you'll probably even have fun just sitting there. Who knows, the DM will probably even let you control minions or enemies during fights cause they are fairly simple for a beginner. But be warned, you are now entering the rabbit hole of DnD, where you will start finding excuses to buy more books, buy more dice, consider buyign a 3d printer because then you could make custom minis and terrain, then have folders full of characters you want to try out, then you end up asking to DM a one-shot only to realize you really liked DMing and now you are 2 years into a homebrew campaign.
This car is on my AllTime (tm) list. The R33 specifically. Its the middle child of the generation, more grown up than the R32, but not quite as over-the-top as the R34. Perfect blend of size and speed.
both.jpg In all seriousness, I'd go for the Skyline, but its a narrow thing. Both are beastly, but in the States since the R34 never came here, it has that "unicorn" status that is hard to ignore.
you’re going to burn in a very special level of Hell. A level they reserve for child molesters and people who talk at the theater.
This was my first thought as well: use modern politics to give examples. Just reskin for your setting. * We will help send aid after you sign this tariff deal promising more favorable trade * If we aid in this small conflict, we ruin the larger picture of treaty negotiations with another superpower which has a tenuous peace with the BBEG. * We will send aid as soon as the weather allows. We can't send troops during a heavy land battle in winter. * It is an election year and aid-packages have been suspended until the results of the election have been finalized.
* Interplanar travel is a great way to setup multiple empires to give you riches and treasures and tribute. You just need one kingdom on each plane to support you, and then you add up a bunch of planes and BOOM you have an enormous network of wealth * Interplanar travel is a helluva way to surprise attack your enemies. Open a portal and BOOM massive army right on your backdoor with zero warning. * Interplanar recruiting gives you access to minions that some planes don't have resistances to. For example, open a portal and BOOM smallpox invades native america (exaggeration, but you get the idea). * Interplanar trade can bring extreme wealth by supplying rarities that some planes don't have access to naturally. What is silly rocks on one beach becomes priceless gemstones on another plane.
If he has an unfaithful wife he's a crabby scabby crabbard cabby cuckold
At this point, you've done everything in your power. If they continue onward toward this fight, don't pull punches. Kill a player quick. Perhaps then, they'll retreat. And the party will only lose one player. By lvl 7, they should be able to revive at least one person, once. So, go for it. Give the dragon a surprise round, kill a player. Give in to it. Do it. You know you've been wanting to. You know you've dreamed of it. Now's your chance. You did everything you could to protect your players and they are now giving you the greenlight to live out the fantasy and KILL THEM ALL
I have a group of 6 players. 3 of them are way into it and really like chatting during the campaign in character and make references to in-character information. 2 of them participate but don't speak up much, unless asked. When asked they respond in generalities. The final person is very passive. I've tried many times to ensure thye have plenty of ways to get involved. Finally, away from the table I simply asked, "are you having fun? Is there some way I can make the game more interesting to you?" and he said, "I'm LOVING it!" and proceeded to tell me how cool it was watching everyone else create this cool story his character is in. Moral of the story: Ask your player. They may just enjoy it differently than you expect. Everyone's tastes are different. They may respond that they don't like their character and want to kill them off so they can make a new one. They may say they don't understand what they are expected to do. Or they may say they are having fun just listening to the story around them.
put one of these next to a Subaru SVX and tell me they aren't twins
Bohnanza is a good game, btw. If you don't have it yet, look it up. Its a solid board game.
World Anvil. Look, I'm not gonna lie, its huge and intimidating at first. And you're going to look at it, go, "Nah, I don't need all that. I just need this one thing". And you'll be wrong. Trust me. If you take 5 minutes and try it, you'll be able to do some really cool things. This is exactly my experience with it, anyway. I just needed a map tracker to put pins into spots on the map that the players already visited, and maybe put some notes into each of those places so everyone could see. Next thing I know, I'm uploading all the custom items, filling out details of all the major NPCs. Hell, I've even uploaded multiple maps for cities within the world. Oh, and wrote out all the lore of gods and deities, too. I really just wanted ONE thing and now I'm using the whole damn site. AND FREE! I'm in no way associated with them, and you are welcome to give them money or not. But, I found the tool super handy, even if it was a bit intimidating to get through at first.
Separate what YOU know vs. what your CHAR knows.
that's the best, when the game organically grows and becomes something bigger.
there's some cash involved
one of the rukes of the 24 of Lemons is that the value has to be under $500,right? at any time anyone can outright buy your car for $500. Batteries are expensive.
Cable TV was marketed as a way to get content for a fee to avoid ads. Then came the ads. Satellite radio was marketed as a way to get content for a fee to avoid ada. Then came the ads. Streaming services were marketed as ways to get content for a fee to avoid ads. Then came the ads. Believe me when i say, ads will always follow. No matter how much you pay, advertising will creep in. Guaranteed.
My group of friends kind of rotated. Started with one guy doing a one shot, 3 or 4 session game. Then someone elese did a short campaign as we kind of tried out different system. Then i offered to start up as DM for a short campaign, and I loved it, and now have been running a weekly campaign for 6 players for over 6 months (I think?) with tons of homebrew content and plans for a lot more.
I think in this case, crunchy refers to how detailed, micromanagement, number-crunching of a system do you want? Strict rules? Or free flowing?
we now have a Chicken pet named Yolko Ono.
sure, but don't use player knowledge that a PC doesn't have. you can look it up, but you had better pretend you don't know anything about it in game
getting mine wrapped soon. can't wait
I love when puppies and kittens are so tiny that their tails are just like pointy triangles
I don't see the "win" part of it, tho. Its "pay to get shiny things". But there's really no "winning".
Destin from Smarter Every Day. Dude is a legend. Go watch his vids. Like ALL of them. He's just as amazing in person, too. His whole family is amazing, kind people who just want to watch the world learn.
Start with a premade one-shot. Don't jump in with a full homebrew, especially for coworkers because then those questions come up like "what are you spending your work hours doing? writing stories? Shouldn't you be working?" Once your players get a feel for the game, and you guys get a feel for how to DM and improvise as a squad, then you can move more toward homebrew. At first, though, just use a premade. For at-work events, think more boardgame and less full-immersion RPG. You'll have distractions at work and people will get called away for work functions and have to swap back to real-life mode pretty quickly. In my experience, having a drop-in, drop-out style game would be easier for at-work. Something that requires less out-of-game homework for everyone involved.
Remember: loop-the-loops work when they AREN'T perfect circles. They are taller and narrower ovals, so that the car goes up, slows down, makes a quick flip downward, and then accelerates down. It doesn't have to maintain a ton of speed upsidedown. Thus, in the most extreme situation (for estimation purposes), a car would only need to maintain enough speed to reach all the way to the top, hit zero at the peak, and then slide down the other side. The faster the car on the approach, the taller the loop.
That's a tough choice. Both are brilliant.
is this for real? ((EDIT)) OMG IT IS REAL!
I kind of feel bad for cars that have no miles. Poor horses stuck in the barn.
we need more of these unsolicited weiner pics
a/s/l?
it was donated by Lamborghini. this is kind of typical for Italian businesses to donate to the church, and then the church auction or donate it
you know how you watch us poop? Here, we're returning the favor.
think of the upvotes. think of the KARMA!
Ooooh! Those are the 20-cars each ones, right? 60 cars total for all 3 levels? They expensive as hell, but the discount helps. I might have to pull the trigger and consolidate
fenders are a bit too extreme, but otherwise those are great cars
Back when I had this 1998 Nissan 240sx and it was still stock. Fun car, sadly underpowered by default though.
Don't be afraid to look at used cars. I was in the same boat and was able to pull the trigger on a 2007 C6. I use it as my daily driver now and its great. Cruises fantastically, gets 20+ mpg on my work commute, and there's all that horsepower under my right foot whenever I want it. Plus the occasional track day to really let her rip. And they can be found for extremely affordable prices.
When you hit 26, the insurance drop is HUGE, especially if you are male.
Even has a frat bro name. Spencer. ... I wanna party with Spencer. Seems like a cool bro
Spence, bro, beer me
as a DM, I am constantly asking my players "What is a goal your character has at this exact moment?" and "What is a goal your character wants to accomplish in the near future?" You'll be amazed at the responses you get, and you'll be able to use that to help guide the players on actions. For new players, I think it is TOTALLY ok to do a little hand-holding. "A group of kobolds attacks you. Do you want to move into a better position so that you take advantage of the terrain around you?" or "Don't forget, your character has several spells that are good for dealing damage at a distance. You could safely move back 20 to 30 feet and still probably be in range." or "Your character would know that they are good at investigating. Do you want to try to look around the room?" There are lots of times when players have to be reminded that they can't metagame and while the player has knowledge about something, their character doesn't. It is TOTALLY ok to have the reverse where a character would know something that the player doesn't, and it is the DM's job to jump in and tell / remind the players that there character has knowledge in this situation.
making a mistake is not the end of the world. how you respond defines you, tho.
"... and are these DOGS on your pants? you disappoint me again"
Ask your players, individually, "What is one goal your character has right now?" and "What is a long-term goal your character wants to achieve?" And then from there, take their ideas and sprinkle them in to the upcoming encounters. That's the first step, in my opinion, and it should help everyone at the table get more involved in their own role-play.
sure! That's a great goal. a big goal. what's one small mundane goal? what kind of things would your character want to achieve on days when the gods aren't here to be slayed? But then secondly, now that we know his big goal, we need to take steps to achieve it. Where do we need to go to find the gods? Does he know how to get to the lair of the gods? Does he need to find a Sherpa to guide him there? Does he need special weapons to slay certain gods? Is there someone he needs to meet in order to teach him these things? Are there worshipers of these gods that are going to stand in his way? After he slays the first god, will other gods rush to fill the void? Will worshipers of the slayed god rise up in revolt? Will empires that relied on the favor of that god collapse? Will neighboring kingdoms invade now that the protector god is gone? Are there other gods who will side with him in order to defeat a common enemy god? Why are those gods in competition with each other? Are worshipers of one god at war with worshipers of the other god? Are there people who want to take advantage of the titan simply because he can inadvertently lead them to the lair of the gods? Will these people play nice once they get there? Will they try to raise themselves to godhood by sitting in the gods' throne?
Pontiac G8, rebranded after Pontiac was killed off. Great cars. At the time they launched, they were brilliant. They got stuck in a rut due to the economy downturn and never got another chance. And then when manufacturing in Australia was killed off, that platform died with it. Really great cars. Almost BMW-like in their driving characteristic.
i see you, hoverboard
Kobold Fight Club. bookmark it. super helpful
i told my players, I'll show up same day each week. as long as one player shows up, we're gaming. it has lead to players rescheduling other things to be able to play together. my commitment to them has paid off in their commitment to the game. plus, if at the last minute someone CAN come, they know there's a game happening and they can drop in.
did you draw this? your style is awesome. I love the colors and the pose. really cool
a female tiefling spouse, a wifeling, if you will
Tesla has been doing well gaining outside investors of billions. They have not turned a profit yet. Stock valuation has very little to do with actual company results. Tesla is on the verge of being great, but they have been bleeding money and are only afloat due to major capital injections. Before you call someone a clueless clown, educate yourself of what is actually happening. Perhaps the top comment is a blurb and not the entire story, sure, but the point still stands and is accurate. Tesla is only valuable because other people threw money at Elon Musk and NOT because they are sustainable as is.
I made a one liner quip that explains more in that one line than your entire post. My point still stands: Tesla is not valuable as a company. Their stock price is high based on outside investors. Those two things are NOT the same. And yes, this article is about stock valuation, but my quip was based on the company. The company is not valuable. if Elon Musk walked away, what is left? A failing business that is spending more than they are making. They are close, oh so close, but until they can sustain anything, the company isn't very valuable. The stock price is a separate entitiy. The joke is based on the interplay of the word "value" and how the article is talking about STOCK value and I was talkign about COMPANY value. And perhaps you don't know me, that's OK. I dont' know you either. But you ever think that when your argument is simply insulting someone, then maybe your argument needs work.
R33 is my legit fav. That's a great color too. but why is your plate crooked?
That's my entire point, btw. Their entire value is based on their investors. That's it. Because Tesla has turned no profit across its entire life cycle, the only thing sustaining them is new cash injections. My comment was based on a play on words. Valuation vs Valuable.
let chaos reign
Ever want to kill a PC? Nows your chance! And then meet a new friend on the trip home from the funeral
Lived in a condo for a year and a half. No issues. But, most of the other condo dwellers were retirees and snowbirds, so nobody really around to care much
yo, that's a good looking car right there
wish i could upvote this more than once
now that's a quality pun
i miss my s14. great car, fun project. easy to work on
gawl dang you, lochness monster
hey, i just met you. this is crazy. I'm already done with your shit. Feed me
big bad evil guy big bad evil girl big bad evil group big bad evil gang
hmmmm, maybe the new Silverados?
Need some before / after photos. :)
as if getting older means I'm stopping playing vidya games. Nah, just transiting hardware. Arcade cabinets, console, PC, console, back to PC again. I mean, it's not called the Nintendo Generation for nothing
I literally had to give my players magic refilling potions because they NEVER USED THEM. I know my group, and I should have known. Every game ends with them holding 10,000 materials ... just in case. So I gave in and gave them single-use potions that refill at midnight if certain conditions are met (blessed by the moon goddess Selune) just so that they actually start using potions. Plot twist? 3 nearly deadly combat encounters later? THEY STILL DON'T USE THE GODDAM POTIONS. Cause, you know, what if we need them later today? smh
this is so beautiful. My wife (total non-gamer, not really into fantasy or sci-fi settings) has recently gotten into giving me DM ideas for my weekly campaign. She asks me questions like "So, how did it go with the dragons last night?" or "Did he ever get back that magic armor?" And let me tell you something humans of the world, after 15 years of marriage, I'm more in love with her today than I was the day I married her. She cares about me and things that make me happy, so she took an interest without judgment and without hesitation. Share your passions with each other, be yourself, and find someone who likes you for who you are (not for who you are pretending to be).
i made a dice box out of Legos once. then i destroyed it before i could put the d4s in it, because i feared what i had created
I admit, I was so preoccupied with whether or not I could, I lost sight of whether or not I should
Play god? Have avatars of adorable animals? yes please
don't tell anyone, but I miss MUDs.
good boy, Moose! keeping that pack happy
I asked my wife once about what she considers her primary language. She said "i dont know, but my dreams are in Spanish" so there's that
I think this is from the release of the new DnD official book that just dropped. Right at the end there's a comment that this may be the first new official location since 2004. And the realization of it hits pretty hard. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eb9iC9VCB4M](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eb9iC9VCB4M) i think
yo, that looks like a fun car. I miss my s14. Great driving car, sadly underpowered in the States, but was so much fun hitting the road course tracks with it.
The easy answer is LS. They are super cheap. Repair parts are everywhere. There's a reason why people swap LSs in everything. They are light, powerful, and run like trucks all day every day. Can probably pick one up from a wrecker for mega cheap. I mean, you could get a 5.3 and build it for very little cash. Or pull a 5.7 and run it as-is for also very little. Tons of options. Everything from superchargers to turbos of all shapes and sizes. Off the shelf parts and custom things, since everyone knows the LS motor. Availibility. Yes, ok, it will be "common" ... but there's a reason for that. And unless you really need to be the only unique one on the planet (2JZ or a 3B or SR20 something), the fact that you will always have people who can lend a hand makes the LS swap almost a no brainer. My opinion, that is.
The first time I saw yellow coral, I thought it was a sponge and I got SUPER excited. Massively disappointed.
if you want different ideas (remember, almost everything will be derivative of some other lore, so just be prepared that EVERYTHING has pretty much been done in one form or another and most of us steal our ideas from these other sources continually because they are good ideas) * the ring actually contains Quinton. not his soul but his actual self. he is trapped within this artifact * the ring is simply an interdimensional communication device. a magic walkie-talkie. No soul splitting needed. * the ring is one piece of a set of arcane items. this one is a soul-binder. one is a body-binder. one is a memory-binder. they do not have to be used on the same person, but are powerful artifacts in their own. when two are brought together, a certain ceremony can be performed to release their bindings. * the ring holds an echo of the previous wearer. if someone dies wearing the ring, their spirit is trapped in it until a new wearer dies, and replaces them. It has a history of many previous wearers. Can someone be revived and taken out of the ring? Don't know. There are stories but no hard evidence has been found so far. * Quinton is not dead. Turns out he is only MOSTLY dead. And mostly dead is still slightly alive. The ring has something to do with keeping him slightly alive. Probably has something to do with unfinished business? or maybe a nice MLT, mutton lettuce and tomato sandwich? * the ring is a time portal, and poor Quinton is actually caught in a time loop, repeating a traumatic event over and over, perhaps falling constantly. the ring is the only thing that anchors this time portal and by wearing it, you can somewhat pierce the barrier and influence the time loop. Hopefully one day you can figure out how to break the loop. Perhaps the ring is bigger on the inside than it appears. * The ring is obviously a cursed item. It grants the bearer the wisdom of Quinton, but it also dooms them to be trapped in it at some point in the future. If Quinton manages to get free from the curse, then the current wearer becomes trapped within the ring. Now, how do we free Quinton without trapping one of us at the same time? * the ring is an anchor point for a plane-shifting spell. we don't know if this is the only one, but we do know that the wearer of the ring is able to be in communication with its twin on another plane, also worn by someone. sadly, you cannot transfer between planes with it, and the only ones who have tried have disappeared never to be seen again. maybe you will have better luck? Or maybe you will be the one to unlock its secrets? Or maybe you are doomed to only have this tiny slice of another plane bound to your finger for all time. * the ring is nothing more than a holographic toy. Quinton is not there and has never been there, but recorded some fun generic messages that seem like his soul is trapped in it, but not really. It might fool a modern turing-test, but an experienced Arcanum would see it as merely a trinket.
pjs look comfy, too.
yeah, an explosion of them recently. did something happen?
That's a banshee.
I cannot put into words how much I love this.
another East Valley checking in. lots of fun cars turn up from time to time, but I haven't seen an NSX yet. good find.
i wish I could describe how much I want an R33. I would even take it in that color just to have one. (and then i'd repaint)
There was a great mod that came out a while back that added in living settlements. You'd place down base structures, and the settlers would upgrade them over time. It really opened up a lot of gameplay and I always thought it could have really enhanced the game.
karma chameleon?
Just like you have to separate what you know from what your character knows, your DM should also help you when your character knows something that you do not.
yeah, but how many get "made" and how many get "stolen and eaten". :) handsome ted
Welcome to the debate every school teacher has, every year.
that crunching sounds means its working
that ho bag. badass and scary as fuuuk.
Wait wait. I'm worried what you heard was "give me a lot of blankets." What i actually said was, "give me all the blankets you have."
454 vs 427, Niiiice
Wishbone? Wishbone's cousin?
[the DM will remember that]
me on my first "second date"
if it was the World Cup version in 2006, I'd say go for it. That was a pretty solid game. But i don't know if later FIFA got stale because I played them so much and they were all the same? And so the World Cup 2006 stands out because it was slightly different? Or if they were all just duplicates, and pick any one and call it good.
DS2 feels like a slower game. Defensive tactics felt stronger than aggressive ones (DS3 brings back the aggressive paths, btw). ADP (Agility) for rolling is HUGE. Make sure you get your Agility up, because those dodge rolls are even more powerful. Be patient. Something about DS2 rewards patience. It is just as linear as the other games, but the "map" is not laid out in any kind of intuitive way. It will feel confusing at times to learn the route to take, and somethings might not make sense from a logic standpoint (there's a windmill where you take an elevator and end up in a volcano .... just go with it). The game is super solid. PvP is really diverse, and there is a dedicated area to jump into PvP outside of invasions and fight clubs. Which is nice because people like me who don't normally do PvP have a space where we can go to try it out and try out differnt builds and not feel like we are screwing up our game in the process. DS2 has some memorable bosses, too. DS3 brought back a lot of fan favorites, but DS2 was trying to be unique and so there are some unique fights. Some are cool, and some don't exactly work as well as the DS1 and DS3 bosses, but the game feels unique in that way. Several bosses have different ways you can approach the fight, too, so replayability is built in. Making another character and trying different things can end up with a different experience (&gt;!Chariot, Lost Sinner, Earthen Peak come to mind!&lt;). Just enjoy it. It is NOT dark souls 1. It has its quirks. But its really good, and definitly a fun game.
I don't know how anyone with a cat can even attempt crafts projects (puzzles, knitting, painting, etc). Those jerks have a lifelong vendetta against all of them. :) even if they are adorable in the process (PS: I see you under there)
Going off memeory here from a long ass time ago, but: If the dying-guy is there at the church entrance, then you have the quest. If he isn't there, there is no quest. It is not a matter of him spawning in after a certain time, or despawning after a certain time. If you don't have the quest, you just have to start a new run (same character, just new world).
[https://xkcd.com/1053/](https://xkcd.com/1053/)
LeMans blue, baby. :) Chrome bumper, too? oh man, that's really nice. Great pair of cars, there.
i also have a lmb narrow body (LS2). I'm a litte partial
congrats!
Lester won't clear the cops on the Casino heist. He will on the others, but not the new heists. You have to lose them manually. I find it best to drive into the mountains, offroad.
nothing. its just Countach vs Diablo. And the Diablo wasn't launched until 1990
Have you done missions for lester? Can you use lester for other options? You might have to go the the big L on the map and do a mission for him
as a guy, I don't understand how those dresses work. how do things stay in place? if i tried to wear that, my manboobs would pop out. legit questions, not trying to be an ass or sexist. as an engineer, I'm fascinated
I don't want to seem rude, but I don't get it. Can someone fill me in? It seems less cool than some of the other cars (Warrener, Sevastra) and it looks like a fairly generic Honda. Is there some sentimental value I'm missing? Does it have significance that I'm missing? I know it was highly anticipated, but I'm not seeing why.
i understood that reference .jpg
This was kind of my thought process, honestly. This is what I was originally planning to do, but wanted to make sure it didn't sound too completely out of place.
&gt; MrRhexx on youtube has an amazing lore series on dragons if you're interested in the wotc versions. Off to the youtubes. Thanks for the recommendation.
Thanks for the insight. I guess I didn't intend for it to be a "gotcha" moment so much as allowing the world to scale up over time. Just like the "baddies" scale up over the course of the campaign, I kind of want the "good ones" also scale up. So, I'm trying to introduce a powerful good-aligned npc, but also give myself some wiggle room to add an even bigger, more powerful good-aligned npc late in the campaign. Does that make sense? Or am I just over-thinking?
Kobold Fight Club: [https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder](https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder)
Wavebird was probably my fave controller of all time. Hit your hands perfectly, great feedback, intuitive layout, and the different sized buttons meant you could easily find buttons by feel.
Labs are amazing! Best dogs in the world! after their puppy phase, that is. They'll eat your house for the first two years, destroy your home, but then *BOOM* adult lab is pure angel.
https://www.foxnews.com/travel/naked-woman-miami-airport-report
the movie CATS was rushed. Do we really want another rushed product? No. No we don't.
I'd look at removing the healing capability of outside combat. Or convert one or two healing spells to Temporary Hit Points. Then make sure you are having enough encounters to force the spellcaster to ration their spellslots. Yes, easier said than done,but give it a shot.
oof.
ermagawd brlalabrbrbrlalalala loooooooooook
Can you shift to a new continent? Maybe have this campaign derailed by a new bbeg who teleports them to a different dimension?
oooh i like that. It also reinforces that the world is a living thing, and stuff happens evem when the party isn't around to see it
new lion king movie starring Wilfred Brimley as Mufasa
turns out, you are 100% correct. the team didn't notice, didn't care, and are moving on without even talking to the dragon. best laid plans of DMs....
LOVE IT!
i regret I have but one upvote to give
Greebo is on the lookout for murder hobos
take existing spells and then reflavor to suit. don't have to do much and it keeps the balance mostly intact
spaceballs, the comment!
that's a wrinkled potato. you love the shit outta him, ya hear me?
*Big Bad Evil Guy *Big Bad Evil Gal *Big Bad Evil Gang / Group *Big Bad Evil God / Goddess
have fun storming the castle
well, not THE DUMBEST. i would argue that whole getting arrested over a parking ticket thing... during a steath mission... face palm
and have a four-headed penis
any LS is a fairly good motor. The LS3 just happens to be the most modern, newest, and probably lowest miles version.
Don't think of it as Stealth Damage. I think that's the biggest misnamed skill in the game. This is Rogue Bonus Damage. They are required to jump through some hoops to get it, but as long as they do they get that Bonus Damage. It's the same as Fighters getting extra attack or crits on 19s. Or Monks getting all manner of blows of flurry. It's just the Rogue special move. Don't think of it as Sneak Damage
LS7? As in modern 427? As in C6 Z06? Dayum. Dayum. DAAAYYYYUUUUM
Turn in your moose and maple syrup. sorry
i want to be in your games.
especially for a one on one, and especially for someone you care about, remind each other that it is NOT me vs you. We are telling a story together.
in America they were called 240sx, because it came with the 2.4L KA motor, naturally aspirated. Whereas in the cooler parts of the world they got the 2.0L SR20 turbocharged engine.
Chrome bumper C3, which makes it somewhere between 1967 and 1972. The script Stingray badge puts it as a 1969 - 1972. That's the extent of my C3 knowledge. I believe the front fender vent gridpattern marks it as a 1970-1972. But I'm not certain.
dad bard with a dad bod. i'm totally on board for this.
"I win!" - Spurt
beaut
description description description. AC isn't just hit / miss. It's characters dodging and weaving, parrying, anticipating. Its monsters absorbing blows and being unaffected. It's tentacles slipping away, or slime getting under foot. It's using the terrain to duck under and through.
that lightray tells me she will be important to my quest.
that went from disgusting to brilliant. Glad i stayed for the whole ride
prepare encounters that are generic. then, flavor them with wherever the party ends up. for example: Your players are chasing the bbeg, and they have to stop her from performing a ritual. So the players say they are going to go to some city. When they get to that city? Oh no, some of the bbeg's henchmen are there! Its a coastal city so those particular henchmen are aquatic in nature. After the fight, the party finds that one of the henchmen was carrying a map of another hideout. So now we just need to pick a reason why the henchmen would be in that city. Hmmm, maybe they were shopping for something? Ah yes, the bbeg needs more materials for her ritual. Now, wherever the party goes, they might find henchmen or they might not.
what the fuck kind of high school do you go to?
unsolicited duck pic unsolicited wiener pic
DnD &amp; Rocko's Modern Life? I'll upvote all-day evrryday
Honestly, I miss 4e Shaman. don't @ me
Let it happen. Then the next part of the story is stopping the bbeg now that he's in mega form. Sure he completed Phase 1,but there's always a Phase 2.
I dislike this flavor of it. The original 8C is pure art. This kinds of messes with that.
Goes Like Hell - Somemore
harestyle
[https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder](https://kobold.club/fight/#/encounter-builder) So, I plugged in Ancient Red Dragon and a Party of 5. Then I adjusted the level until the "daily budget" matched the "adjusted xp" of the creatures. So, after a long rest, with only a single fight on the horizon, a party of 5 level 13 players could manage an Ancient Red Dragon. Now, this is very rough math. But, it looks like it compares similarly to u/VampirateRum's estimate as well. KoboldFightClub still labels this a "deadly" encounter even up through level 19. Which means, no matter how you slice it, this is going to be rough for any party. Level 13 would be the absolute minimum with level 19 the top of the estimate of when it becomes less deadly. Throw out the top and bottom and you end up with a range of level 14 - level 18. Ballpark.
I LOVE this idea. Make it a cursed item, and make it so that Remove Curse can remove the bond from you safely, but at which time it loses its absorption powers. Could make a less powerful version that adds resistance to a certain damage type (bludgeoning, fire, etc) and then stores up that damage. Also, are you familiar with the book series "His Dark Materials"? "The Golden Compass"? There is a mechanic of the human's soul taking the form of an animal spirit companion. They describe what happens if you are separated from that spirit companion. It feels like a crazy rubberband stretching and pulling at you, getting worse and worse the further the separation. I would suggest using something like this to ensure that a single accidental drop won't insta-kill the bearer. But also allow the bearer to learn what happens if they move away from the cursed item, until finally \*SNAP\* and all that damage pops back onto them.
aha, interesting. closest PLANET, not closes ORBIT. because of Mercury's fast orbit, its on the near side (toward earth) more often than other planets.
Just a reminder: HH = hammer that ALSO does boosts. Don't hide in the corner dooting. You do buttloads of damage, too. Doot and Smash. Get into a rhythm and you'll be dooting while you smash. And there truly is the power of HH.
do we know what happened to the fiance? Did she kill her too?
I'm heading to Madagascar
Bob, get back in your skull
from age 14?? she was living out of cafes and livestreaming? And nobody asked any hard questions?
There's a teaching element with DMing. You can remind them a few times but at some point they will need to learn their own stuff. Maybe ask them individually out of game if they like their char or want to make changes?
i need this template for my tabke's Gnome wizard who often rides on the half-orc fighter's shoulders
that's funny. but those aren't C8 wheels, are they? They look like C7 z51 wheels.
are you supposed to have whipped cream on this kind of sundae?
Amy Ackbar
in the USA, there is no cost to run a scanner for microchip. the owner paid a fee to have it installed and registered, and from there it's only a matter of seconds that most people can dobat the front desk
Reminds me of those older Porsche rally cars. Can't wait to see how this evolves.
legit carporn there.
go look up Dodogama from Monster Hunter.
left alone, it would handle that itself
Render?
Great, let me guess, you are going to upsell them something they don't need, right? Like new shocks? How dare you.
I don't know where you live, but I'm omw to give pets to everyone there
You learned that the same time I did, didn't you? From the Witcher 3 comparison, right?
just tell him you're keeping a close eye on the competition. you know, keeping enemies close. right? that makes sense. i think
I dislike this. I'm not sure why, but it feels like a weird offspring that never should have been
Thanks Obama
be still my import heart
nope. and hasn't since the Cadillac XLR
totally planned
he's got the look that says he's gonna love adding that Corvette tax to all your estimates today
my necromancer bbeg just made a new bff
ooooh, i upvote you but I disagree with you
omg. beyond brilliant.
Warpaint
Plugs, wires. That's always my first go-to with misfires. Look at the plugs as you pull them, too, for evidence of one being different than the others.
r/catsplayingdnd
look, the most scared I've ever been playing video games was back in college. Silent Hill. That fucking baby in the background noise from the radio. Me and my large bearded roomate would huddle under the blanket cause we were too freaked out to play it solo. you do your baby head thing. just know the trauma you are unleashing
Muscle cars are typically larger, heavier vehicles that use a big engine to go fast. They muscle their way. Sports cars are typically lighter and more designed for handling and going around racetracks. More athletic than just brute strength. Grand Tourers (GT) cars are front engine, rwd cruisers that are comfortable to sit in, go insanely fast, and have just enough room for weekend luggage. the 3rd gen C3 Corvette was the only muscle car in the family. The rest are sportscars or possibly GT cars, depending on your classification.
we bought an XXL crate and kennel her during hours we are at work. when we get home, she and her collie brother have free reign of the house. how did we stop destructive behavior? good question. The holes in our backyard say we haven't stopped it entirely. Mostly just being present with her whike she is free. Redirecting to toys she IS allowed to destroy.
interesting color combination. but cleanly done.
i chuckled out loud.
Don Quixote. lawful good, way over inflated self worth, mostly harmless, he'd be cute if he wasn't insane
murder miata
and about 1 in 3000 are IPA
hedgehog bro is a magician. makes the birb appear
hi, I'm Darryl. This is my pupper Almond. And my other pupper Almond.
Its an ancient comedy bit where a guy named Darryl has two brothers also named Darryl. The way he introduces them is similar to the wording of the title you used. Made me think of that bit.
take off the cone and i'll release the dice
so, in 2020, we are STILL using the word "queer" as a derogatory slur?
Ok, ladies, houserule: EVERYONE CAN'T HAVE MULTIPLE FAMILIARS. We're never going to get anything done, otherwise.
don't go to the other side. don't do it! OH LORD HE DID IT.
Twins, man. They have their own way of doing things. So happy they found this creative outlet to bounce ideas back and forth.
i'm not even at that table, and i feel judged
Taylor Swift has albums full of this stuff
I would risk death by 10,000 cuts to touch that butt
and thus we have the origin story for Cruella DeVille
Great Danes are so high on the list of Goofiest Dogs in the Whole Goddam World. I love them so much.
Great Danes are so high on the list of Goofiest Dogs in the Whole Goddam World. I love them so much.
I can smell this picture.
MacGuffin. It doesn't actually have to be anything. For my campaign, I made up a "mystical jewel" and never told anyone what it actually does. Only that it was so important that it needed to be retrieved.
Our new puppy is over the 100lb mark (46kg). She keeps me motivated to stay fit just so i can treat her like the giant slobbery princess she is.
that's a lot of rust. jesus crist that's a lot of rust.
agreed. so much agreed. Create some neat encounters and occasionally sprinkle in something interesting to your player's backstories. Next thing you know, you'll have an interconnected world where cool things are happening. You will have lots of smaller BBEGs, basically villians of the encounters that may or may not have anything to do with each other, and that's ok. The world is big. Until you get to level 10 or so, your party isn't ready for giant world-ending problems. And by the time you all get to level 10 and up, you'll have experience as a group and you'll have made up some cool encounters, and your experiences with those will lead to your own cool story. Without fail, your players will make comments that give you ideas and you'll turn those ideas into the next encounters.
I'm in this photo and I don't like it.
I saw an option for Delete, so I'm hopeful we don't have to do that nonsense anymore.
I .... I might fail that test.
Last week was Two Angry Beavers. This week we get Home Movies? What's next The Critic? (please say yes)
part count dictates larger and fewer.
dammit bobby
* Writ of Research: they get permission from a political or governmental person, as a representative of a research commission * Break In: but you said lawfully goody type of ways, so that's probably out ... unless there's an emergency that requires them to get in there. They hear of someone kidnapped or they see smoke and are led to believe a fire broke out. * Any favor for anyone who works for the library. Remember, back in the day libraries were not staffed by simple minimum-wage workers. People who are given care of one-of-a-kind, labor-intensive, sensitive, delicate, fragile materials are all people who care deeply about these books. So anyone who works there will probably have the clout to give them access. Therefore, doing a favor for any of them, any kind of favor you want, could result in them getting permission. * Donation. If they donate a significant sum of money or a unique work / tome /art, I'm sure they would be granted favored status and gain access that way. * Know a guy. Maybe THEY don't have access, but they get in the good graces of someone who does who can "check out" the books they want access to.
I didn't know those mopeds supported Lightning cables. Its a good thing this was compatible.
Newfoundland
good detective work. she is indeed a Newf. 10 months and 100 lbs. as a female, she probably wont go over 140-150.
happy international women's day
they come in four colors. Black, Brown, Landseer (white and black) and Brown Landseer (whitr and brown)
I think you all are pretty dumb for doing it on public roads. Please don't. I beg you.
does he belch rainbows? or maybe those cartoon bubbles?
It looks like its built on a partnership between Toyota and Subaru .... platform sharing with the 86.
I am a representative of the "Spicy Fly" delegation. We would like to hear opening arguments regarding the name change designation.
self turning rotors.
Rob Dahm(?) I believe. He's a massive rotary fan. Has several rotary cars, and i believe is building a 4-rotor behemoth. Kind of douchey, kind of cool, but fun vids to watch
but the good news is you can have a separate discord channel specifically for instant memes for every situation
OH! I have one! Hang on... lemme find it.... very poorly drawn by me for our online campaign, so don't judge my artistic style pls &amp;#x200B; Puzzle #1: [https://i.imgur.com/FVEBBpZ.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/FVEBBpZ.jpg) I crated 4 pillars with lots of celestial symbols on each. One symbol on each pillar was a phase of the moon. The goal was to place 4 pegs into the 4 holes that corresponded with the moon phases. All the other symbols were things like stars, sun, water, clouds, etc. There were no instructions, just a bunch of pictures on pillars with holes next to each, and a bag of 4 large pegs nearby. Each wrong placement triggered a dart trap. [https://i.imgur.com/2MOurDS.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/2MOurDS.jpg) Second puzzle happened to be a spin the letters to make a word puzzle. 3 dials. Lots of word combinations were possible, but only spelling out SELUNE would unlock it. Selune being the Goddess of the moon that one of my players' clerics worshiped. Certain words created would trigger traps (Feline, Bovine, and some others i can't remember offhand) It worked, too. The group looked at them for a while, discussed not having enough information, were about to leave to go look for more stuff when someone finally said "hey, didn't you say \[cleric\] that you pray to the moon goddess? There are moons here" and then everything clicked and they were able to complete both puzzles when someone else goes "Hey, i can spell Selune on this thing".
I meant all of his videos. He as a person kind of rubs me the wrong way at times. I like his projects, but him as a commentator on his videos makes him seem ... less than likeable. For me.
please do. give 'em hell, dm
paige, no
I think we had an npc named Dvala in our last campaign .... hmmmmm
Look, stop complaining and help Grodo and Famwise deliver the jewel to the Mountains of Death
legit car porn. R33 400R. yum. just so goddam good
WILLLLOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW
Kobold Fight Club is your friend. i use it for almost every encounter, if not for specific setups, at least for inspiration
it's called target fixation. You stare at thw dangerous thing to avoid it which actually causes you to steer into it
got that bulletproof tire upgrade, I see
if you don't know anything about these cars or their engines, I'd be leary of buying a modded one. i mean, yes, LS engines are suoer moddable and easy to work on. But, if you don't know anything, then everything will have to go through a mechanic and you'll be charged "corvette pricing" which gets expensive fast.
for now, yes. then leverage the knowledge you gain from that into your next corvette which can be as modded as you want. anything under 100k miles is perfectly fine on LS motors.
ye.
have a pile in backup ready to burst through the door if things go badly...... hehheh
both.gif Also, if anyone wants to see some hero epic driving, look up the original Yellowbird Ruf CTR at the Nurburgring. God that car was impressive, but that was old-school, engine-hanging-out-the-back, no-driver-aids, no-grip-tires world of Porsche. And it was driven to the absolute ragged edge, getting everything out of that car. (Actually, here's a link [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSMCfPASImQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSMCfPASImQ) )
plot-hole, schmott-hole. just be glad you're getting anything even resembling a plot at this point. :)
Sightseer is super easy. Drive point-to-point-to-point. Headhunter is also pretty easy. May I suggest an Armored Karuma? Drive by shootings and you don't shot back. Haulage. You don't need anything, just drive to a point, pick up a truck, hook up a trailer and drive it. Its very uneventful, but pays well.
spin wheel. if it doesn't land on what you want, unplug the ethernet. it will boot you to single player. plug back in ethernet, go back to online game, and you'll be able to spin again.
when? how can you tell? is there a pattern?
our party had a long conversation about stuffing the gnome into a bag of holding, and having the orc YEET it into the middle of a group of baddies. thankfully they chose a different path, but it could have been hilarious and dangerous
oh s15 you gorgeous honey. why couldn't you come to the States?
i'm not a "wagon" guy, but this ... this wagon i want.
Ask each player, outside of the game, one-on-one, "What is one immediate goal you character has? What is a long-term goal?" You'll be surprised at the fun suggestions that come up because of that simple question. Some might not have specific goals, but some will. Some might have a long term, but no short term goal. Others vice-versa. Then, use that inspiration to start planning out the next encounters. I have gotten into the habit of asking my players to update me with their new goals after every major plot-point or catastrophic event. "ok, last week, your character died but was resurrected. Does that change any of your immediate goals? Or does that change any long term plans your character has?"
2nd? in a week? OOOOOOF
his legs ... just look at them GO!
"ginger-beer, i reckon. a few softdrinks in the sun. " .... rrrriiiiight
... um .... ELEVEN THOUSAND lb-ft of torque? It can get shit moving thats for sure. Any word on range or how long it can move that mountain?
and that, kids, is how i met your mother
"might be"? oh, as good as these look there had BETTER be. :) Have fun. these look great
Ssssssssseñor
If it is legit questions, this becomes a great time to teach "what you know" vs "What your character knows", ie: how to avoid metagaming. "Your character would know that casting that spell at that distance would automatically fail due to range." "Out of character, yes, putting a bag of holding into another bag of holding is a horribly bad idea and will end up with everything going \*poof\*, but your character has never had two bags of holding before and definitely has never thought about this before now, so they might still be inclined to try it."
Cat is destroying Barking Cat
Shame is a real thing, friend. We all feel it. We all feel like we aren't "good enough". Here's the secret, once you realize that EVERYONE feels that way, it makes feeling that way not so bad. When those thoughts hit, just remember you aren't alone. we ALL feel that. You can do it. And that compliment is one of the highest anyone could get, so you are apperently doing it pretty well. Final thought: people have agency over their own time. If they choose to show up session after session, it means they have decided they can have more fun with you than they can doing anything else. So the fact that someone shows up must mean you are doing a good job. :)
it's a great film. Brad Pitt is unintelligible and brilliant
Sometimes a past DM might try to help you but end up rules lawyering the table. If it happens, realize they were probably trying to be helpful. Take them aside or out of the game and say, "thanks for the tips but I might want to try something different. maybe jot it on a note and give it to me after the game next time? and of course, if I ask for help feel free to step in then, but I want to try running my own game"
they are already pretty low and fairly stable. it's hard to speculate. but the floor is C5 values and those are still decent for good models. so i can't imagine that there's a ton of movement avail for C6s
i'm giggling like a schoolgirl right now. +1 to you
Barking cat looks like it took the upper hand over Meow Cat this time. This is a marathon fight, the competitors must be exhausted. and yet they continue to find the strength to battle on!
who needs to see speedometer? or fuel gauge? or anything at all?
what? how? ... what even?
you mechanics just want to pad your billable hours, don't you? (/sarcasm)
"jumper" cables as a "permanent" solution. Yeah, seems legit.
last i heard, when Katy Perry did it, her producer company PAID the NFL so she could do the halftime show.
I may not be the best, but here's proof that I'm not the worst
Level 1 is always scary. One die roll can change everything. My vote? Milestone level. DING! They levelled up after that. And then quickly move from lvl 2 to lvl 3. That cushion will make those encounters less swingy and easier to plan around. Players have a little more HP and they start to get their class-specific features which makes them more robust.
meaty tires makes me happy
I think demonstrates why I am so disappointed with the new Supra. Compare the Mk3 and Mk4 Supra and how long and low and the whole vibe they give. Long and Low. And the new Supra has all this upright lines. There's a lot of horizontal design on the old Supras and a whole lot of vertical on the new one. Its almost jarring the difference.
It isn't the height above the ground I'm talking about. Its the sightlines. The mk3 and mk4 drew the eye from nose to tail. The mk5 has many vertical lines that draw the eye upward. the F1 nose lifts your eye, the vent above the front tire lifts your eye, the lifting bodyline that leads to the rear quarters, and finally the rear shoulders and ducktail. All these elements are designed to get your eyes moving vertically.
sure. and ask anyone who owned one, they were not always as cool as they seemed. but the point i'm making is in the looks department. the original bodylines, even in your blogpost, states the same: it looked good, even though aftermarket didn't have good options.
she's a brick.... house
and here we have a bot trolling randomly
remove engine. disassemble. put bolt into hole. seems totally fine. puke
is this the new Lightning?
goddam bots. stop inflaming racial tensions
my brovaries
head under the dash, butt somewhere in the seat, and feet splayed every which way. finally i can reach that bolt. where's my ratchet? FACK!
done being dm? That's a thing? where do i sign up?
Happy international women's day
sadly, no nobel for math. Fields Medal.
hand me the aux cable. no the other. not that One. not that One either. the other.
whats the goal here? Laying lots of obsidian? For what purpose? (just curious)
Diablo 1 the melee class gets beat up quite a bit. The ranged classes start much slower but get stronger at the end. D1 sword and board is TOUGH near the end. Not a lot of movement speed and ranged enemies make it a challenge. This is normal.
HIT POINTS Your Constitution modifier contributes to your hit points. Typieally, you add your Constitution modifier to each Hit Die you roll for your hit points. Ifyour Constitution modifier changes, your hit point maximum changes as well, as though you had the new modifier from 1st leveI. For example, if Yotl raise your Constittltion score when you reach 4th levei and your Constitution modifier increases from +1 to +2, you adjust your hit point maximum as though the modifier had always been +2. So you add 3 hit points for your first three leveis, and then roll your hit points for 4th levei using your new modifier. Or if you're 7th levei and some effect lowers your Constitution score so as to reduce your Constitution modifier PHB, pg 177
Encounters don't necessarily just mean combat.
that's a helluva war face
* Big Bad Evil Guy * Big Bad Evil Girl * Big Bad Evil Group * Big Bad Evil Gang
hey look, someone else uses ranch on taco night
i mean, in the mantra of car nuts everywhere, mod it. mod the hell out of it and send it
I'm picturing a dungeon with all kinds of corny stealth detectors. * broken glass on the ground * bubble wrap behind each door * scattered legos * wind chimes all over the place * a broken piano to be bumped into * etc
does this count presales that are being delivered?
are these the ones that have the incredible scream?
super duoer handsome
can't have an exhaust leak if you don't have an exhaust
thicc
nice! Corvettes make great project cars. Tons of parts avail. Cheap, considering (watch out for the Corvette tax). Tons of knowledge on everything avail everywhere. And lots of people willing to help you wrench. And surprisingly, not hard to maneuver in and around.
o7 a tip, you can do almost anything on almost any ship. don't fall into the trap that you HAVE to upgrade to a certain ship. They all have tons of personality, so just enjoy them. Yes, yes, the sidewinder is probably a good training ship and you'll probably be looking for an upgrade, but there's lots of ships and tons of upgrades. Have fun with all them.
you want him to repaint his whole car so he can retake this photo?
"Jeezit"
mom kind of locked up in a crisis
it is. it's called engine cheating and engine lines can be quite different from human lines
finger tight = finger loose, right?
i love the satin blue. I'm not sold on the satin wheels, tho. I think in this case a super high gloss might actually be more complementary. But that satin blue is friggin STUNNING
NSFW. &lt;3
Yeah, it happens. But for each time players guess correctly, they incorrectly guess 10 or more times, aka: ideas for other encounters that I'm about to steal without telling them
Camaro
his hands are behind his back, calmly too. and then the officer punched the back of his head at which point his habds come up instinctively to cover the back of his head. which gives the officer "justification" to continue to beat him? fuck that officer. fuck that whole situation.
For my campaign, as soon as the introductory encounter was over, I asked each player for a goal they want to achieve. And then i used those goals to model the next bits of the campaign. After the campaign had been running for a while, I again asked them: what goal does your character now want to achieve? And it not only helped keep me involved with their characters, but helped mold the world into something they are interested in exploring.
people are assholes. people are wonderful. all in one story
nice! I also have an 07 Z51 with about 105k miles. They are fine cars, easy to drive, and quite comfortable. And then you squeeze the skinny pedal and it just GOES. I daily mine, so work commuting, grocery getting, etc. Life is more fun driving a sports car
true, but in long swim sessions, even they can get tired. This is especially important in rescue training. But also can just be for fun. Sometimes even the best of swimmers like to go tubing.
that's adorable
this car, man. this car. the blue devil.
a red, chrome-bumper c3? i mean, its the most badass of all the icons. so hot.
"this is the third time" .... man, i feel that. i feel that in my bones.
there are smoking deals on C5s. You can get a nice one for like 12k. 18-20 will get you a good C6 and 24-29 will find a C6 Grand Sport. Buy whatever you can afford. Any of them will be great daily drivers. And the C5 and C6 are nearly identical in platform, with the C6 being a smidgen lighter and a bit more powerful.
r/carporn
quokkas are marsupials and carry their young in pouches. When threatened by predators the momma will throw her child at the predator in order to flee.
literally the article in this post " Like many macropods, when threatened, Quokka mothers may expel their joeys from their pouched leaving them squealing on the ground. A chasing predator is attracted by this giving the mother time to get away. It sounds harsh but it’s better than both mother and baby ending up as prey. And it’s another good reason why Quokkas shouldn’t be harassed on Rottnest. "
the mighty extractor is a fickle god. she revels in all the swear words
it's a common sales tactic. tell you everything but the price. even if you ask, dont get any answers. until you are so fully sold that you'll pay anything, then tell you the price as an after thought
my first car was an 87 Yugo. The only thing that DIDN'T break on it was the engine. The car fell apart around you, but it void and would drive anywhere and everywhere. As long as you didn't want to get there quickly. This, tho? Wow
You never hear Rogues complain about "only casting" sneak attack. Monks don't normally complain about "only casting" flurry of blows. Eldritch Blast is just a fantastic way for Warlocks to flavorfully cast that extra damage. Run with it. Enjoy it. EMBRACE IT
wow. racist much?
nah, these are definitely inbread
omg. this image is EXACTLY what my Yugo was like. I'm giggling like an idiot with this memory and my wife has no idea why
you are a lot of fun at parties, aren't you
huh people would rather watch cheesy brainless entertainment and be happy instead of watching something poignant and possibly uncomfortable? I'm shocked. Shocked.
after the intro encounter, I ask eaxh of my players "what is an immediate goal you have now? and what is a long term goal you hope to accomplish?" And then after major plot points, I ask again. This way i can weave these pieces together to bring THEIR world alive.
this car is on my AllTime list.
a good friend can make bad situations better
if you ever wonder where the phrase "momma bear" comes from
wait, really? I love that stupid movie
white R33 gtr is pure porn
if you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a plot hole
it looks like he sucked up wet cement through the turbo
that's kind of sweet.
snapon turtle
"Modern" chess is still 500+ years old.
god, that gt40 is so damn low. Like the modern one is low by any standards. But then you see it next to the original and you realize the original is LOW
so he didn't have the socket that fit, and the idea he came up with was not going to buy a correct socket but instead to FILE THE NUT TO FIT?
llamas are kind of assholes. alpacas are kind of sweet
understand. this shit is revolutionary. It takes massive amounts of time and manpower to get lighting right on cgi effects. Lighting is one of the main tell-tale signs of cgi. When you spot it, it removes the immersion and makes the cgi look like bad cgi. What the Mandalorian technique does, is eliminates all that work. And it makes the lighting always correct. You don't have to paint in the lighting from 3 cgi suns. No, you have those cgi stars already part of the background as the actors are on stage. And the actors can actually look at cgi objects they are interacting with because they exist on stage. No more looking at a blue wall and pretending it is acrowd of people. Those people are there already. It is going to change things in a good way
he slides under that chair as if he's done this a time or two
why do the words Holy Prepuce exist
my brain took a left turn somewhere trying to view this image
kickbacks. what a thing
I know I'm being "that guy" but this is kind of a small pet peeve of mine: Africa is a continent. A large one, made up of many diverse countries. It is not fair to anyone to consider the entire continent as a singular. "There are now active beehive fences in Kenya, Botswana, Mozambique, Tanzania, Uganda, and Sri Lanka. "
it's now fully officially supported
I'm not blaming OP. The article says the same. I'm not blaming anyone. I'm just reaching out and spreading awareness.
i would have a pint with Gav and swap dumb ex-girlfriend stories
Moonlighter was on sale. A cool rogue-lite, where you are a shopkeeper by day, and a dungeon-diver at night. The loot you pick up in the dungeon becomes your shop stock.
The vehicle is the victim. The DWI recipient is the asshole.
i would like to rage
some pig
looking through your history, it seems you are approx college aged. Might I suggest you ask your grandparents if Nazi symbolism means anything to them. I think there is an opportunity here for a lesson in what they might have gone through.
I have never seen the bottom one in person, but the top one has damn near ruined all other automobile exhaust notes. Once i heard the McLaren SLR in person and realized cars could sound that good, I wanted everything to sound that good. Thankfully the LFA and the Carrara GT helped save me. But, if you ever get the chance, go listen to a McLaren SLR drive at full bore. It's amazing. Wet dream inspiring
look up grain storage explosions.
it looks like they ARE home
I have started to. I used to not, but then I realized that part of rhe excitement in a roll is the outcome. And I used to think that the suspense of waiting to hear yes/no from the DM added to it. But lately I've been telling them ahead of time and that way the outcome of the roll has immediate excitement.
hot
yeah, in the back, as he was climbing out a window.
that ended way tamer than i expected.
Pray it away?
it was actually good. RoR2 has multiplayer, and I dont think the previous one did. Makes for fun drop in games with the pals
mixed cookies and cream milkshake
Are they having fun? Many players experience the game differently and they may be having LOTS of fun just hanging out and watching the shenanigans of the others. Ask them each, one on one away from the others, if they like the current game and then just sit back and let them talk. Don't try to interrupt and explain your side. Give them a chance to say "yeah i like it, but...." or "yeah I like it as is". You may be projecting your definition of fun and missing out on theirs
that play bow, tho. so adorable
the trucks are blocking the intersection. traffic isn't moving. Probably going to sit there through an entire green light cycle.
yeah, just arbitrarily give out xp for each encounter. you control the number and everyone gets the same so it keeps the party even. At the end of the night when we pack up, I just say, and that gives us all 1,500 exp, catch you all next week!
greyhound in full stride is such a cool thing to see. beautiful dogs
it would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling kids
Are these the ones that have the 4-headed penises?
the first was so good that the second one had massive shoes to fill, and didn't quite live up to those expectations. It may be good, but you never want to be the person who comes in to replace a legend.
The Newf's favorite room in the house is the kitchen, especially if it includes getting underfoot
is this a sport?
When people comment that they would buy an eco-box of they only looked cooler, i am reminded of the Fiero. an econobox that looked like a sports car and never got off the ground.
THAT'S what happens to them
sick bird
where a kid can be a kid?
cars crushed per gallon
all of them. I like them all for different reasons
i wish i could play in person. We've had a game going for 2.5 almost 3 years, and it's always been online. Granted, it's better then nothing, but I would love to be able to see their faces as we game
that cat has the widest tongue over ever seen
Two health bars! TWO!
How do you do, fellow Britons
god that hurts just looking at it. hows a boy gonna lay down, ever?
saving all battlemaps cause you are a hoarder and you never know when you will find a use for it.
you probably also made him check the trash for the muffler bearings you "accidentally" threw away, right?
agadmators videos are fantastic. informative and entertaining.
the skull and crossbones with kill counter is brilliant
chonky dragoon!
narrowbody front, widebody rear? i love it. One day I'll do the same to my narrowbody. But the list of other things i want to do is too long as it stands. ;)
Boss 429 is one of those cars that on paper sounds like a cool car. But in reality is one of tge most badass cars on the planet. Massive engine, not a lot of weight to pull around, and the original pony car looks. Oh, not a lot of fat rubber tying it the ground, so good luck pushing it. And when you hear it, you are going to want to push it
I'm not a professional mechanic, just a guy who turns wrenches on his garage. Timing chains piss me off. Like, i get it they aren't wear items so you don't have to touch them. But when they let go.... MAN do they let go
the article discusses this, and they found that due to the conditions out here (dirt, dust, etc) the rail system would require more long-term maintenance costs and not provide as steady of a return of product. the belts can keep operating under extreme weather patterns whereas trains or other means could not.
getting some strong pope-mobile vibes
r/carporn legit carporn here
my god, it's so clean I forgot what year this was
