Just make sure to keep your condoms on you and never trust her when she says she is on the pill. Double check your condoms.
Thats what she says but then she will notice that you are losing interest in her hotness so she will try to scare you into staying.
I always figured it was potential used, because the brain has a lot more to offer than what regular humans use, e.g. photograohic memory is an old type of memory that is overshadowed by filters that we later evolved to have.
Is no one going to adress the fact that the dr.'s name is bootey? I know its written Boutte but c'mon.
"Last Year I had 37 presents, this year it's only 36, explain yourself human"
Lore-wise it makes sense, because magic&gt;bullets/bolts/etc
I'm a right-wing libertarian, I have a friend who is a very sjw-y anarchist and she and I get along great because we avoid topics we would argue about.
Guy probably glossed over a bit of information since he was only 4 years old and probably only heard it from his dad who felt that way. There was probably more going on, but I can generally see this happening as I've read about similiar cases before.
I did read that it was a girl, but its like 3am here so ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
That quote is stolen from Richard Dawkins "The God Delusion"
Not to mention hygiene issues, any number of diseases can enter if doggo decides to lick whatever the paramedics open.
Who cares, alt right christian fundamentalists are retarded so fine by me.
&gt; There's a reason european nazis embraced paganism, they saw the inherent hypocrisy in worshipping a jew while hating all the rest like morons. They really didn't, Himmler tried to bring the Nazis in that direction but ultimately only the SS had pagan symbolism and rituals because he was the head of it. Hitler tolerated it, but it really wasn't like all SS or Nazis were all that into pagan, a minority at best. &gt;They may be. But at the end of the day, it would be pure hypocrisy to be an alt right christian. Are jews evil and attempting to destroy the white man or are they gods chosen people and the son of man came from their ranks? Of course its hypocritical to do that, but when has extremism ever cared about that? Î ain't denying that its retarded, but it happens. &gt;You missed the part where Jesus asked god himself to forgive them for they knew not what they did. Of course, but see my point above, crazy people who can bend their mind in a way that the alt right seems allright to them will not care about that.
I'd wager either photoshop or it fell into oil?
The Earth is obviously cube shaped.
That's a good question, I'm gonna say yes.
It's like LAOP thinks throwing around a bunch of big words will make them look smarter.
Online would be fine if they added passive mode so I don't get constantly pew pewed on my way to missions.
Or maybe he likes being called Hagrid as a connection to his father.
Does that include the whole commonwealth?
At this point I firmly believe the queen has defeated an eldritch abomination and absorbed its life force to reign forever.
Buddy of mine set a tree next to his school on fire. This shit is normal in rural schools.
Seems like the guy was distracted with writing something down, if that is the case, it's quite easy to knock them over. OP could also be on the heavier side as a woman, which would make then also able to knock someone over. Idk the writing style sounds more female.
He could just be covering his ass in case bias makes people think she had a reason to be protective of her kids.
He actually has an IG account where you can see his ugly mug. It was also used to discredit his stpry about having a "sick" mother.
She still is, but she was always about facts. Even during the 2016 election she debunked the wage gap etc.
Ah
So this measure might end up doing nothing except have a bunch of well financed services, which is good and all but if people don't go there in the first place, what's the point?
Are they supposed to be that thin? My country doesnt have bears so idk. Edit: typo
I am glad it's different here in Europe. My father is a long distance driver, works for a belgian company and is mostly in France. Most he can do is 8-9 hours iirc and he has to take a small brrak every 2 hours. It all gets tracked on a "Tacho" is what he calls it(german idk the english word) Same applies to long distance bus drivers, which is why they often have two drivers on board for longer distances.
When I was younger and heard those stories, it made me play only male characters so guys would treat me normally and we could just hang and be bros. Edit:typo
I remember being on an NA server, either Balmung or Gilgamesh, I moved around a lot and I joined this FC because my buddy was in it. Turns out they had an inner circle of people who could see no fault in each other. Most were pretty chill and we would joke around. Sometimes about sexual stuff, too. Like that post about the dick sizes of Eorzea etc. There was this one girl in the inner circle who would always go like "i like pancakes" etcwhenever sexual stuff would come up(she was a grown ass woman mind you, fc was 18+) and she would generally just spam other shit until we stopped joking. Needless to say puter circlers got pretty tired of that shit. One day she was being super gross by dismissing problems a male member of the guild was facing(not sure about the details anymore, been a couple years was back in HW) and I called her out for being sexist, alongside others from the fc linkshell. Got me kicked straight out of the fc. They saw no fault with her behaviour.
Glad to hear that, I was quite worried about it.
It's not everywhere in Germany and only fairly recently as well. I wasn't allowed to eat during my time in school.
His mouseclicking is driving me insane.
I have personally never been harassed, outside of usual toxicity in competitive games i play, but I dont really see that as harassment. Basically everyone that got to know I was a woman was super chill. For me it really is about not being treated with kid gloves.
I luckily never had a problem with those kinda people, I have never been harassed but some guys were acting a bit different after I told them. I shut them down and made them treat me the same as before or they could gtfo.
Yeah, guess your friend got unlucky. If I ever get a joke like that, I usually tell them I fucked their dad with a strap on last night. Usually shuts them up real quick because they have no comeback to that as the image slowly creeps into their mind.
I think he was just lonely
If you dont expect a girl character to be a guy, you only have yourself to blame.
Not really, likes are subjective.
I mean once the world decides that, we prob would vote differently.
It's fine to have reservations, I have reservations about people playing Futas.
That sounds like a bug, I don't think they would intentionally do that right?
In my experience usually only bad raiders bitch about people not being able to do mechanics and they then proceed to fail those mechanics too.
Whats the difference between normal rice balls and those rice balls?
You have reservations about people playing the opposite gender, I have reservations about people who pretend to be futas while playing female characters.
You have never been to Balmung huh
I had one in norms. Thankfully my team was playing safe and didn't surrender, since I was playing Master Yi. We ended up winning 4v5 after I soloed Baron twice. That game really went on for a lot longer than it should have.
The last three got eaten by the staircase with the missing step.
Second guy had another seat right there anyway.
I also think it's a bit naive to assume that "educating" them will change anything. They know its wrong, which is why they do it. There is an underlying issue with these people that needs to be adressed, there is no blanlet solution.
&gt;I would argue that it's not the responsibility of women to fix toxic and unwelcoming communities. I would argue, if you don't like something, work to change it rather than sit back and say "well it's not my job". Change doesn't happen from nowhere. Furthermore, having a coed club is good for the future. It normalizes women coding for the men that go into the job and thus already contributing to a positive change.
I'm from Germany and can say that it really isn't just part of Asian mentality. It's pretty much everywhere where you have a comfortable life and risk losing it.
People in the south are pretend friendly. It's all for their self image, not because they actually are friendlier. As someone else said in another comment chain, it really depends where you try to make friends. Some of us also enjoy good banter so some harsh words may actually be quite friendly.
That is not at all what I said. I specificslly referred to the southeners. I also don't think this is merely a german thing to say. And why are equating anti-social = miserable? Introverts aren't miserable.
When did Oriental become a derogatory term? It just describes people from the Orient.
Because he was playing Obama as a comedy sketch not being Obama. Should have clarified more.
No just made dark brown.
Since when? I learned it in grade school early two thousands. Europe is the opposing part, the Okzident(nut sure if that is how its written)
Yes and my point was, that it's only NA mostly that makes a big deal of it, which I understand why but you can't force your values on other cultures, when they don't have a similiar history.
Violence isn't the answer, honestly seems like he is just a shitty person, the mother tried ro calm him down. Sometimes kids turn out shitty even with good parents.
I mean she has working front pockets from the look of it and she also alternatively has a bag to put it into.
*days Remember dog days are shorter than human days.
It's a joke. Don't get your knickers in a twist.
r/doggohate
I don't limit myself. I have loved mysteries ever since I was a kid(read all of sherlock holmes when I was 10-12) and was generally interested in unresolved Serial killings(Jack the Ripper etc). For me I get excited at the mystery and I dissacoiate it from reality. It's just data for me.
Name checks out, I guess?
I got bad news for them, my elementary school had one and we all played it for shits and giggles, including us girls.
People are already hating on the game for the box cover. The box cover yes. Edit: typo
When I was waiting on my ethernet cable for my pc, I was able to just simply install and play the gamed I had the installation file for. Felt good.
Yeah it's for political reasons, but I won't get further into it because of the rules of this sub.
In the ffxiv community a second character is often called a twink, needless to say it really confused me when I heard it for the first time.
Fuck yeah I did. A primal? What a fucking twist Edit: also I first heard it on EU servers, I switched over from NA where I never heard it
Same in rural Germany.
After watching Sitch on Worst Cooks, he seems a pretty chill dude, too.
Yeah, that isn't their only problem with it. They take offense to him being "chiseled" and also "white".
I know man. It's esp dumb since you can freely create your character in game. Some people just want to bring politics into everything and ruin it for others.
I was sitting with my mouth agape for like 10min straight.
In my homevillage we had this section between two housing rows that had a little forrest with a small river running through it, when you were in it, you couldn't see the houses anymore and come to think of it, it stretched quite far into one direction. Anyhow, one day I am out playing with friends and we see this weird bunny plushie just sitting against a tree. Creeped us out for quite a bit and we stayed away for a while, next time I went in there, it was gone.
Aphro isn't in top form imo. That game last week where he legit was starting to hit a minion while his team was chasing for a sure kill if he had hooked. I love Aphro, but he hasn't played his best for a while and he does need to step up it up a notch.
And less chlamydia.
Sure, but I think sitting put a few games m7ght do him some good, too. Light a fire under him maybe, his position is too secure.
Where would one download a text version of wikipedia?
So at least a couple liked it!
As a child of divorce, I can tell you that he could have been the best father there is and she still could have cut him out if the mother told her lies. I did that to my father, my mother just talked badly about him, but objectively he was a good father and eventually I split from my home and lived with my grandma on my fathers side, where I slowly could build my own opinion.
Yeah I am not saying it was a perfect 10/10 game. It had it's technical issues for sure, being on console and sometime after the release I never experienced the issues, but I did see them in videos at launch. Regardless of that, I found Ryder to be a fun character and they did go for a different angle this time around, instead of gritty soldier, they had a fun loving civilian. I also enjoyed most of the cast and the mechanics.
We don't know what was actually said, OP never specified the words used, they may have well said a time frame. OP even said he would let the son keep on living with them only if he got a job. He had plenty of time to get his act together and look for a job, that's all he had to do. The situation is overall shitty, but sometimes you need to dunk someones head into cold water for them to wake up.
There was plenty of warnings. They sat down multiple times and at some point, their ADULT son needs to take something seriously. Don't try to upplay it by calling him a kid. He is in his twenties and all he had to do was get a job in order to keep living with his parents. They didn't even ask for rent or anything if I read it right. It was very generous of his parents to keep supporting him this long. At some point, he needs to stand on his own feet, he had plenty of time.
&gt;male body female voice Pretty sure Saints Row did that as well.
They have Janna sitting at 53% WR, Sivir at 54% WR, Jinx almost at 53% all at plat+ but none of these champs are getting any nerfs. Karma got fucking buffed because my fellow low elo players can't handle her kit, because it takes more than face rolling. And now she is also almost at 54% WR.
He was indeed convicted for that, read the top post.
Why though? Personally I don't watch porn, but I see them as just regular celebrities. Not as well known, but still just people who shoot movies for a living. If I saw a friend of mine posing with a porn actor, I'd be like "cool, i'd like to meet a celebrity one day"
Or have a good memory. If someone has an uncanny face, I would probably remember it, too. That being said, there is nothing even wrong with porn or people who watch a lot of porn, unless it affects their life in a very negative way, like not getting out anymore, watching porn instead of having sex with your partner etc. The connotation that it's trashy or bad to be a porn actor and that they aren't "real" actors needs to be stopped, it's dumb. I don't even watch porn because I am asexual and find the whole sex negativity dumb.
Yeah, we can't really comprehend it nowadays, but I bet back in the day the uniform really looked terrifying, because you never knew what they wanted from you.
Why do bad guys always look so fashionably dressed. It's not fair.
I was pretty immersed into SR2. Also not sure what you mean by simrpg
We will stop if you give back r/spotthevegan
I'm not the person you replied to, but 1) this is a thread about Cardi B, so Jay-Z didn't really get brought up, 2) how do you know they aren't pissed at Jay-Z? 3) I think it's subjective whether or not shooting someone is worse than robbong them, I never heard before about Jay-Z shooting his brother so I can't really comment on how bad it was.
WSJ isn't exactly unbiased. I'd recommend Intercept, was founded by the guy who brought forth the Snowden story.
True that. After playing the beta without the sanctioned mods, I realized how truly lacking the game is in that regard. That being said, I'll take a game with good gameplay with bad ui over the reverse any day
A friend of mine put it very well: Anita Sarkeesian doesn't believe in any of the shit she says, it's fake outrage to make money of off the cash cow that is feminism. She deserves no platform whatsoevee.
Serious talk though, how cool would a heelys basketball league be.
Ngl, that one made me chuckle.
Not in Western Countries anyway generally, however as someone who is fat, I am most commonly hit on by Nigerians. Like the actual people from the country, I know because I ask them where they come from everytime or they outright tell me.
It's less easy target for attention and more being fat is a sign of wealth in their country and obviously they gravitate towards that
They aren't dumb, they have different cultural norms than us and apply their beauty standard, not the one of their host country. Just likr we would when we visit their country.
I am talking about beauty standards. They are different in each country. Those don't just change just because you read something.
Yes because a pannel of judges that chooses someome that will go on to an international stage is the same as the common population.
I mean you can barter in deals, meaning they are flexible. The whole statement is just dumb.
I think the name of my FC provides all the information you need. If you willingly join a Free Company called "Trash" and don't like it, well you only have yourself to blame.
Probably will, considered Paris Hilton tried the same shit with "Thats hot" and it got denied.
I like how they can make a whole article just about a tweet JK Rowling liked and call that "journalism". JK probably just read "MISOGONY" and has an autobot to like anything that has that in it. As if she actually owns her Twitter account
I'm more into the roleplay aspect and less the number aspect of the game, so I am always grateful when my dm looks over my character sheet, because I frankly suck at making them complete
Sometimes morally wrong things are legal and sometimes morally right things are illegal. I wouldn't exactly call this bullying because she just encpuraged his already existing thoughts, it's straight up manipulation and it's disgusting
Bearannosaurus Rex
Gordon Ramsay is actually pretty chill to non professional cooks. He himself said the reason he is so hard on the HK participants is because they should know basic stuff on how to cook. He has higher expectations, whereas with an amateur, he has more patience because he knows they don't kmow anything.
Unless the Internet suddenly doesn't exist abymore, I doubt there will be as much mystery as there is about a civilization that did not have it.
MGTOW gets a bad rep because of a vocal minority that don't really understand what being MGTOW means. They go on and on about women when MGTOW is literally the opposite of doing that. It's not getting hung up about women, but doing your own thing. I'm a woman, but got a couple MGTOW friends, they all have different reasons for being MGTOW, but they don't hate women, they just don't want to be in a relationship.
My parents divorce took 4 years to finalize because my mother wanted more and more.
It's not just an american problem. I worked in healthcare in Germany as a medical assistant, in vocational school they tell you to call in sick if you are sick to not infect patients, the reality is, you are expected to show up, because the doctor will just prescribe you something. Similiar experience when I was working as a paid volunteer in a favility for disabled people. We had a lady show up like a week after she gave birth. Healthcare industry is toxic af to their workers.
Have you tried Honey Badger Radio? It's a community of different mens rights groups around a podcast-like show. HBR is lead by some of the fiercest women, in order to get information and an MRA point of view out. They also got a couple male showcasters. They're all super nice and know their stuff. If you know Karen Straughan, she is part of it, tho less active.
Idc if Hermione is black or white, I care about consistency. Don't just pretend she can be any colour. Cursed Child is the worst thing to happen to the Harry Potter fandom because it is completely nonsensical in every aspect.
It's almost like western nations are mostly white and thus have a higher chance of having white actors and characters. Check any african tv shows or movies, completely black. Why? Because black africans are dominant there.
Tbf, I'd take Jesus over a mom who posts shit like this.
It looks like it's also still quite young.
Thats why we need better laws, so you can appeal this shit.
I agree somewhat with you. That money should ve invested differently than in just homes. I think theres some truth to "Teach a man to fish and he will be able to provide for himself for the rest of his life".
BHVR: Exciting news! We have removed NOED.
I'm in the same boat, I'm a very casual player and play maybe once a week 1-2 matches. I'm not great but I am not super bad either. Ruin is a bit annoying, but I don't mind playing against it. It has a clear weakness and makes me try to stop being lazy and hit easy good skillchecks and go for great instead.
Theres different types of asthma. For example, theres asthma that is teiggered by strong allergies(as you mentioned) but theres also asthma that only triggers if you put strain on your body(running etc). Not every asthma is the same. You can also have COPD and asthma at the same time.
He is also saying he would need 4 years to get a HS degree at this point, so like did he never even get past freshman year?
And if he is a senior, why isn't he just sticking out the last semester and graduate?
My grandma actually divorced her first husband because her mother-in-law lived on the same plot of land(was a farm or smthg like that) and was apparently still a helicopter parent.
I'm a supp main, I still ban only Caitlyn, because fuck Caitlyn.
Not to mention who just randomly teaches first graders about China? We were learning writing and shit lile that.
Is there a way so I get a notification when it finds a game?
Unless its the german military, they borrow ammunitiom from other military.
Yea I would have just said "What about all these dangerous creatures?"
Considering the low population of wizards and how many of them are dark, it's actually pretty big statistically
Got a recommendation for which and where?
In the new lore, Lux doesn't know Ezreal exist. Theres a voice line making fun of that, so been dead a while.
Well obviously, how else are they gonna sell the Ez, Lux double whammo skins.
Damn thats really cheap on Amazon. What would you get now if you had the choice?
That is actually untrue. Well mostly. It might be like that in the US, but dictators usually disarm their citiziens. Nazi Germany did it, Soviet Union did it, North Korea did it etc.
Do not do this, glitter is like little razor edges and if any get in your eye, you will most likely go blind.
My answer to her demand would have been "come get it"
RotJ was well received when it came out, multiple critics gave it full ratings.
I'm the opposite, which is why I appreciate the added cast. Gary is getting less insane as time goes on, which is why I liked him in the first place. His character gets a bit weaker as he becomes a mostly standard anime hero.
When I was in my early twenties, a bus driver wanted to sell me a ticket for school kids.
Grief isn't an excuse to be a dick about things.
My favourite is this line &gt;They have a security problem! I have had people follow me into this café, people have followed me out of it Yes that is how cafes and doors work.
I mean in this case they are indeed a lefty.
Both sides are like that, thats what polarization does. Don't pretend any one side is better than thw other when it comes to pettiness and victim complex.
You can buy him, but not get him from the calling card
Please don't speak for all women, I never experienced sexism before.
Story reminded me of the time my character first died because the Paladin didn't want to use lay on hands on me and then when I was revived by a goddess a session later,(with a mission) they passed a perception check to see that it was really me and still beat me up saying I couldn't be the real character. Needless to say I soon left that group.
It's not impossible, I used to take walks with my cats like this as a kid.
Depends what you are using, usually upload to imgur and then do what you'd do with links [name here].(link here) in that format with no dot inbetween
I had a half calico as a kid, other half was persian. Fluffiest calico ever.
If a consenting adult wants to do it, fine but a baby can't consent neither can kids.
The benefits can easily be recreated with proper care. If you don't want HIV, always use condoms. That whole study about reducing the risk of HIV was bs anyway if you look deeper into it. Other studies contradict it pretty heavily as well.
Or hey you could have let your son decide for himself when he turned 18, crazy thought I know, respecting your sons bodily autonomy.
I'm assuming they have metrics that we don't like overall WR and whatnot.
&gt;activate while on his back The Ult? That'd be sick. I only play Crypto and he lacks something during firefights compared to some other characters. If he could activate the Ult while in a fight, it'd compliment my playstyle pretty good as well.
The hair and the glasses make it too much for me.
I could use these, I havr the habit of wanting to catch a knife with my body when it falls off the counter.
So what you are saying is, all Brits should bring back Plate Armour.
*clutches crypto drone and its ult* Please stay away from this gibby.
[Nonono](https://i.imgur.com/EzpUWuk.gif)
It is because it doesn't matter who the person we watch is, it's about the story the character lives through. Thomas was Alone is just shapes and I emphathized with them more than I did Alexios in AC Odyssey.
Idk people grief differently. Maybe he had no one else and felt lonely.
It's not just people. Check out r/cats , like every second post is "I just lost my cat and this is him" and variations of that. Like I want to look at cute cats and not be fucking depressed about it.
I mean you could also just not enter voice chat, that's an option in many competitive games. I don't see the harm in adding it.
OP said friend was at work, so likely couldn't reach him even if he tried. I would feel conflicted, too honestly. This isn't an easy decision to make and an hour is a good time. It really isn't that long. OPs feelings are valid, especially since he was looking forward to it for over a year. In the end he made the decision and that should be all that counts.
This sub often forgets that. Not everyone is the same and some people react different from oneself.
So nothing would change then in league.
Not everyone is a robot that makes the perfect decision every time. People are emotional and OP was very much so too.
Give your child the name you want and refer to it as she/him depending on sex and let it play with amd wear whatever it feels comfortable in
I am not saying I would use voice comms, I just don't see how it would make the game any different than before.
Who says stuff like that? Thats about the dumbest thing I have heard. Stepparents can and should intervene if they see vad parenting choices by the bio parents, same as any person.
IMO there is a difference between intentional doing this and not knowing better. The report button even says "intentional feeding" is reportable as opposed to just feeding because you are bad.
But with Streamers we know they do it, because we can see it on stream, even if they don't show the inting games there, they basically admit to it during streams.
I mean they don't claim that it's their work, they said they creditet the artist.
r/lostredditors
I'm down with BC and abortion being readily available and all, but you can't expect people to like it.
Don't forget that also means lesbians are totally okay.
Sure just add me on League
What makes it sound masculine to you? I always thought Bloodhound sounds like a woman.
Haven't had the same thought, I played BH quite a bit when Apex first came out.
He is describing general battle royales. I had the problem in Fortnite, had it on KC and have it on WE also had it on the circle. BR are just sometines that by their very nature.
They gonna do a Synecdoche, New York? I can see that.
Personally I always have a little backstory going on for all my characters. Just makes everything feel more meaningful that you do.
Isn't there a skin for the bear?
Yea definitely. Witcher is based on a book so it comes with baggage. We're more Geralts companions on his journey, whereas TES you are the protagonist and can experience it in many ways.
It's probably enough of a reason in the legal sense I'd think. Not that I think Phil is right, but it might make this not illegal.
Japan actually had the problem that people took ambulances home when they were drunk. They even hung up posters that said "PLEASE DONT USE THE AMBULANCES JUST BECAUSE YOU ARE DRUNK" or something along the line of that
inb4 vincent teams up with him
I can give another example. My grandma was an accountant during GDR times(socialist east germany) and she told me that basically everyone had to bullshit numbers on stuff they had. They had to say they have more than they actually do, to please the party.
How is this video not available in Germany?!
Might be due to the brain shrinking during pregnancy and shortly after. I know this sounds made up but that actually happens.
So you could say they were... Hot Dogs?
He is the male version of the woman who draws assigned male.
Or it's the "i can't believe that just happened" stillness.
Top camping can work if it's a hypercarry and someone good at that hypercarry. Otherwise drakes are too important to lose
Ban ranged toplaners from top by making top on a seperate map from the rest of the team and if you lock in top, all ranged champs are disabled. Ez fix.
People don't want to acknowledge that they let genital mutilation on babys go on.
I honestly just freeze wave outside my tower and walk up to Q. Whatever they chunk down, I can heal back up with my passive. Most people in my elo aren't smart enough to know about wave control so I usually end up perma freezing my lane until I have like 200-250 stacks at 10min at which point they can no longer fight me.
Nope, it's also very normal people because it's pushed by doctors. Have heard so many moms say they did it bc their doctor recommended it. Anytime I bring it up, I get compared to an anto vaxxer.
Ez fix #2: remove mini gnar and only leave mega gnar
r/doggohate
They might not be calling him manlet because they believe in height shaming, but rather because they know it will bother him. Similiarily why toxic people online use different insults for men and women, because they push different buttons.
&gt;didn't know what to write down I would have nodded and written down " ~~patient~~ client is delusional"
&gt;human trafficking month Almost forgot about it. Gotta get my trafficking on while it lasts.
I'll answer your question, when you answer mine.
Or be totally useless allies to one side.
I used to work as a medical assistant for a pulmologist for my apprenticeship and we had longtime COPD patients, who could still saturate pretty well.
Women who owned property could vote, too. It was just very rare that they did own property because it either belonged to their father or their husband.
Personally I think Adidas has the highest quality shoes. I'm quite a heavy person and my shoe soles usually start peeling off at one point. Never had that problem with Adidas, even if I treat them lile shit.
Yea except that in Hong Kong, people aren't going around looting and destroying stuff. Their "violence" is only ever a reaction to when police do it first, unlike the american protests. I know that there are peaceful protestors, but they get drowned out by rioters and looters. The Hong Kong protests have a way different mentality.
How does me making poor life choices for myself disqualify me from criticizing someone for abusing their animals by feeding them too much? They don't make the choice, he made it for them. As a pet owner it is his responsibility to take care of them. To make sure they stay healthy.
They only say it, when it doesn't hurt their bottom line.
That cats fatness has reached its legs. It is time for a diet.
There are food holders that only open when the cat has a collar with the right code on it, comes near. It opens a little compartment and can also close faster or slower, depending on how you set it. A youtuber who has three cats, has one cat that doesnt eat a lot at once and just throughout the day. The other two were always eating it's food, so they came up with that solution.
"but muh chonker" /s
Look at the white cats arms. They are one year old. The white one at the very least is severely obese.
If he didn't want people to comment on it, he shouldn't have posted it to social media.
Jesus you are the reason people think all fat people are in denial.
We aren't telling him how to lead his life, but how to lead his cats life so they don't fucking die earlier than they need to because he overfed them. He has a responsibility to them, they are pets who don't know better.
The thing is, obese people can make the choice. The cat cannot.
Way to miss the point.
This is important to communicate to her. Tell her you need 1-2 months to prepare mentally and that part about your anxiety, too. That is, if you are serious about this relationship. Communication and allowing yourself to be vulnerable are important things in a commited relationship.
Your bias are not facts.
The anime isn't based on the manga. It was a standalone anime and the mangas came after. Theres a shitton of different ones as well.
I still cry at the end everytime.
Started my treatment for that today, cannot recommend. Definitely recommend going to the dentist regularily and flossing/brushing teeth.
Companys constantly do this. Theres a lot of charity donations each year and most companies have their own budget for it. It's merely to distract from all the shitty things they do otherwise.
Nothing takes agency away. Ultimately, you are responsible for what you do. Even people with anxiety or in your case adhd have a choice how to behave, not necessarily how you feel. If your mind knows its the wrong decision and you do it regardless, thag's on you. I also have my own mental problems, but I never blame any of my actions on them. I might feel slighted by something, but if I logically know that I shouldn't, I wouldn't act on it.
In the show Lucifer, the main characters daughter(theyre white) is called monkey as her nickname. I don't think it's racist in the context OP describes. She is using it on her toddler aged grandson as a nickname and not as a slur for an adult/teenager. As you said, they need to talk about this.
She also seems pretty sexist.
There is always a choice. You may not like the choices presented, but you can always choose.
Have you ever worked 14 hour days? There isn't much left after that. When I was working that time, I was grateful not to fall asleep on my way home. I still have trouble with my sleep schedule years later. OP has been consistently working 14 hour days for two years. He is burnt out. He seems to want to be more part of his sons life, but simply can't because his tank is empty.
My answer to that is: no one deserves to be killed like that, no matter what they did.
Also, you can practice for IQ tests. I remember reading about this one woman who had 150 one year and like 200 the next. If you repeat these tests over and over, you get better at them.
Well yea. Because his sister seems to think men owe it to women to worship them. Thats sexist and homophobic.
If you are already pretty good at pattern recognitiom and able to scorw 150, you can probably get good enough at them to score even higher. Also, they don't need to be standardized, but in this case she took it at the same place again. IQ tests are largely logic and pattern recognition based, the more patterns you already know, the higher you can score. By doing multiple tests and practicing, you can get better and better scorea each time.
Dunno what to tell you mate. Thats whst the article said.
Yea, regardless of anything he did wrong, he didn't deserve to die like that, no one does. People who post "but he was a criminal before!" are just lowkey racist. No one is perfect, but it's not up to any one person to judge someone.
Yea making people angry at your movement is kinda counterproductive.
I mean goblins look the way they look. It's not like Rowling invented a new race or anything. and them being money hungry is also not exactly a new trope. I doubt Rowling put much thought into it, she never reall does.
Okay but Grindelwald doesn't care about someone being jewish or not, so not a stretch that someone, regardless of their religion or ethnicity, would join Grindelwald if they also believe magic&gt;muggles. You are prob putting more thought into tjis than JKR did.
For me, I don't buy it to support her, but because Harry Potter pulled me out of some dark shit when my mother was emotionally abusing me. I like Harry Potter regardless of the author.
For me its more like, she was a different person writing it, than she is now. Harry Potter haunts her, I think. She is kinda shackled to it, no one ever mentions her other books.
Riot doesn't show all games you get reported in. And the log he did show could be argued to be toxic in some parts. (not that its bad but the argument can be made)
All I want is a legendary skin for Ziggs(Dunkmaster) and Shen(Rap God).
I mean they are all more or less based on logic and pattern recognition. That can be practiced.
She prob pays the mower a lump sum, for less hours than when her niece stays for multiple hours to watch the kid. We'd have to get more info on the times involved to make an accurate judgement.
My thought as well. If he was specifigally pushing for a female gyno, I'd agree that he just has a problem with male gynos, but OP didn't mention that.
Yea sadly it's part of human nature. We'll always find a way to seperate us and make us feel above others for one reason or the other. South Park had a good episode about it. The one where Mrs Garrison sleeps with Richard Dawkins and Cartman wakes up in the future where two atheist factions fight each other. Religion is no more but evem then, people fight about the eight interpreration of atheism.
The thing is, centrism isn't even about having a middle ground, it's having both left and right leaning views. A lot of far left people who call centrists "nazi enablers" use the argument "one side wants people to not get killed, the other side wants these people killed, centrists:lets just kill *some* of the people" which really doesnt make sense.
It goes by order in which they were selected, so if you take Triumph and then Coup de Grace, it would change Triumph first if you change it to something else, unless its in the same row.
What strawman? Lmao. I literally saw people say it, theres even a carricature of it. Centrism is not *just* finding a middle ground, it's also like I said(and for the most part) having both left and right wing views.
Also pretty sure rhe latest attempt ended with some of the candidates sterile for good.
1 degree is a big deal in body temparature. I am European so only know it with Celsius, but say you got a normal temparature of 37°C(average) and it raises by 1 degree Celsius, thats 38°C thats already considered a fever, albeit a light one. If it goes higher, it just gets worse, at 42°C, you can bet you are going to die if it doesn't go down fast. Our bodies self regulate in a pretty small margin.
Well it started out as a series for children and as the main character and fans got older, it became something for young adults. Personally I am attached to HP, because it pulled me out of some bad places as a teenager.
Gotta agree. It took me like five tries to get into BB. Only two for BCS, mostly because I got distracted watching it and hadn't really finished BB at that point. Picked it up a couple weeks ago and just binged it.
I still get nightmares from his transitioning pics.
I am still hoping for a thorgestra to happen.
Bausffs is also another player that plays on his elo and actually tries to get higher in challenger.
Personally I already unsubscribed from all clickbait channels. I liked some of them but I just cant stand the perma smurfing and clickbait titles.
I wager it's vecause they used to make different content and they still have attachment to that.
Neither progress my reward bar for some reason.
But he was also still pretty toxic then.
Are you serious?
Doesn't really matter which gender, teenagers are dumb and horny. We don't know if OP would have reacted the same to his son, since he only has one kid. It's a stretch to make an assumption that he only said it because she could be a teen mom, he never said that.
Yea for real, why go down on him for not having a good reaction initially? This whole thing about people having to be 100% perfect all the time is a really bad thing for movements.
Literally means both literally and the opposite of it. I am literally writing on my phone right now. I am literally as fat as a whale. Both work.
Would it not also be possible to prenup "money spent on house must be repaid" or something?
Just because he wasn't initially, doesn't mean he isn't now. That is being puritan.
Thats a pretty immature way to think about it. Prenups protect both parties and should honestly be mandatory. It would save a lot of time and money for a lot of people. Let's be honest, people who get offended by prenups, aren't ready to get married.
You gotta differentiate proof and evidence, evidence does exist, but because it is most of the time circumstantial, misintepretet or plain made up, it is not proof and therefore worthless.
Or he was just trying to prevent his child from having a fucked up future for stupid teenage shenanigangs.
My mom was emotionally abusive and stole 2.6k € from me, I'd still take her over OP.
I was pretty much the same. But I know where it comes from. Was in a car accident as a kid and even had some severe ptsd afterwards. Any car that approached would set me off. Never got treated, though so I guess it just mellowed out.
It will make a difference, if he spends time in juvie. It may not show up in his reocrd, but juvie can fuck people up.
In Germany we also call them that, because thats just the german way of titling them.
This is honestly amazing. The only thing you could improve on, is the leg plating. Looks a bit fake to me and stands out from the rest of this outstanding costume.
Sometimes you just do it impulsively when playing video games. I yell all the time when I am playing competitive games. Helps vent out frustrations.
You should be stingy with apologies. Apologizing for every little thing takes away the impact of the apologies you give out. OP has nothing to apologize for, he was creeped out by a woman who constantly followed him. He has every right to that. She should have asked beforehand, I am sure he would have been more open to that.b
Not really. Everyone is different, you may not yell but that doesn't mean it's bad.
I was, but why would I stop doing something that makes me feel better and helps me play better?
Going by your logic, why can't she control her reaction? Why can't she make herself not cry?
My thoughts exactly. Cats all like "Susan, stop calling me by different names. You know my name."
I mean, no we aren't led to believe that. Not if you pay attention in any politics class anyhow. Police is there to enforce the law, because they are part of the executive branch. Their PR would like to make us think differently, but basic knowledge in politics, should tell you all you need to know.
Or tfblade and nightblue.
Tfblade who got banned in turkey and korea for flaming, is still partner.
It doesn't really have a lot of content compared to actual mmo's. I was thinking of going back to destiny with the new expansion, now I'll stay away.
I already found the first one to be overrated. This one is likely the same.
Probably mostly Take Two pushing that.
They were renegotiating, then take two sent the devs a message over linkedin, that they won't continue doing that and they can join the studio they had created beforehand for them. They didn't even send them something official, just a message to poach them.
Not just the Witcher. I was able to export a couple games from steam to GoG. They used to have a program for it, not sure if they still offee that.
Yeah for real. Men can be Karens, but I rarely meet male Karens.
It's also not the default behaviour for men. I'm sorry you had bad experiences, but that doesn't mean the majority of men are like that. My experience is actually quite the opposite of yours. Most men I know and most male customers I interact3d with, were more chill than the women and female customers I interacted with. Male customers didn't mind waiting a couple seconds more while I was looking into their request, female ones were always getting irritated quite quickly. Heck the only complaint I ever got was from a woman to my boss, who found me not at fault. I had been a bit blunt to her, but thats the kind of person I am. What I am trying to say is, your or my experience don't reflect the world objectively.
I'm surprised to see TLOU II in there, considering it's not even out yet. I found the first one overrated and the second one seems to be heading that way, too.
Don't leave us hanging.
Division 2(a game) has that as Washingtons team. Tho it's their basketball team in that. I'd wager if you google for it, you can find the logo they made.
Lmao his voice sounds like he is a child.
I'm sorry?
Probably because the title didn't actually contain an opinion, more like.
Biden said it best: you ain't black if you don't vote for him.
Then give me all your stuff.
Free Speech guarantees you freedom from persecution by the government. Bhvr is a company, they can do whatever they want. And Free Speech doesn't mean free from consequences from others. I am all for Free Speech, everything you say has consequences. IRL if you are being an asshole, people will shun you or worsr case scenario knock you out.
Hey guess what, wokeness sells. There is literally no other reason why companies pander to the woke crowd. They would stand up for international issues like Hong Kong, if they actually cared about things(in addition to the issues in the US), but you know why they don't? Because China would ban them and that would hurt their sales. Companies do not care about anything but profit. And I am saying this as a right wing Libertarian.
All 2k cares about is money. Easier game, more people will buy it.
Just looked at the pics. Glad it's finally coming out. Saw a gameplay teaser a couple years ago for it. I think it was known as project kowloon then.
I'm a European so I don't really get NASCAR, I always assume people watch it for the crashes because thats what TV told me.
He is actually a pretty chill guy. I occasionally watch his livestreams and he behaves like a cunt in video games for the laughs. He is just trolling.
That sounds like a lot of effort. People arem't black and white. He goes into real talk and acknowledges he acts like a cunt in games. He doesn't hold back his real personality.
I'd rather not say, he has had trouble with people brigading him before. If you youtube this video, you'll find him easy enough.
Congratulations! Your lifetime subscription has been confirmed.
I have known more teenagers who like to play with fire than be interested in how finances work or help abuse victims, myself included. I got a burn scar on my hand from when I set fire to a plastic oranges net and it dripped down on my hand. My best friend at the time and another friend set a tree on fire when they set newspapers on fire inside of it. The same friend that almost blew his face off when he lit a firework stick in his mouth because he was taking a call with his other hand.(he managed to throw it away fast enough). What I al trying to say is, fire is just a thing that is fun to play with and also teenagers are dumb.
I mean the only time you are gonna see that is in URF, because Volis W is dogshit in real games.
Thank you for also opting for our afterlife special!
Fair enough, my teenage times are more than 10 years past, so things might have changed since then.
Funnily enough, I was in a firefighter youth organization. Not sure if the US has these, but basically you get taught about all things firefighter that you can handle and then you compete with other cities/villages a couple times a year during a camping trip. Taught me a lot about working together as a team. Competitions include, knot tying, how fast you can rebuild a sculpture made out of different firefigher equipment and how fast you can roll out and connect hosepipes to a water spreader [(these)](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71rBjSXxU7L._AC_SY355_.jpg) Sometimes there were outliers, I remember having to shoot an air rifle. It was accompanied by having to wander around the forrest, trying to find the next station.
Then I am sure he can find him. I am just not gonna say it.
I wouldn't really call playing with fire edgy. Unless you make a big deal out of being a firebender or smthg. I mostly hung out with guys, so I can only take myself as an example for a teenage girl. Most girls I knew, weren't into fire. They were more into healthy things like music or art or sports.
Exactly. Tweeting black lives matter, is not gonna hurt their bottom line and their donations?(if they do any) Already preplanned in the budget each year, just redirected. If a company supports Hong Kong or any other anti-ccp groups, then I respect them, because they'll likely get banned in China if they do, losing access to the biggest market. I remember the meme where all twitter avatars change as soon as pride month ends, right as it turns 12am the next day. People who think companies care about these issues, are deluding themselves.
Catapults are a type of trebuchet.
His work always hurts my brain with how good it is.
My ending was:you know too much, you must go away.
Nirvana. The big nothing.
But the name is probably the same in every language. I know it is the same in german.
Well yea, q max is best on him if you build him enchanter, which you do. Tho you shouldn't poke unless you can guarantee a hit. Q also doesn't change mana cost, so its mana efficient. The damage from W is negligible co.pared to the heal you get from Q.
Mute them and play your game. You can ignore people in low elo, they are there for a reason. Focus on yourself and what you think is best. Turn the chat off, best decision I ever made.
Hitler is that you?
But does it run Doom?
That is my impression as well. The story wasn't great enough to make up for the gameplay. I really liked the setting of the game and fungus zombies were kinda new. Sadly after the first hour, game just becomes boring.
Damn all the bootlicking in the replies.
It's a great movie, thanks to the torture the actors had to go through.
I wouldn't exactly call giving people PTSD, "good". Certainly "entertaining" from an outsiders perspective, but horror for those involved. The imdb trivia page for this movie is insane.
Okay but the sequels are objectively bad throughout all 3 movies. Prequels at least have salvagable moments and don't just shit on the franchise.
Why you hating on Neanderthals?
Just because they look different, don't mean they are savages.
They aren't competitive enough, because a lot of them would rather smurf on gold players rather than improve and climb, to make themselves feel better. Same reason why LCS teams won't scrim C9.
I guess so is mine on you.
Where do you think chall players get their accounts? They buy them.
Because there will always be better people than you in your elo.
Real Chads adjust to what the team needs, if it's damage, you go AD, if it's a tank, you go that.
☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
I'd say it's a mistake, since 1500 rp comes right after it. Maybe 1245 RP?
People whine about Zhonyas all the time on this sub.
While I don't agree with him doing this, it doesn't exactly make him super money hungry. He is a journalist and I doubt he gets much revenue from his videos and he also doesn't really believe in youtube as a platform for journalism, considering he seems averse to learn more about it.
(☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
&gt;I know it's satire, but still funny Yes that is how satire is supposed to work, it's supposed to be funny.
I too like seeing a guy manhandle his cat for views and stressing it out. /s
So is it just the angle or is the cat actually obese? It looks pretty chonky.
That cat is in pain regardless. It's severely obese.
This is also humans being assholes for making their cats obese(unless they adopted them like that freshly).
Because OP won the case.
The ex didn't have to prove that OP was abusive, OP had to prove that they weren't. Thats how defamation lawsuits work.
Theres a sub for people who do i think r/dechonking or something akin to that.
Do you happen to have a link to a video of his where the cat can be seen better?
It's almost like your own personal experience doesn't reflect the world. What a shoxker.
Personally I need multiple alarms to really wake up. My first one starts at 5:30. My last one at 6:30. its not in five minute tract like the husband, but it is still multiple ones.
He didn't cheat. Nothing he did was against the rules. He cheesed the system.
Guy was in 3rd grade, which is like 9 years old, if you aren't interested in reading by then, you aren't likely to think about reading more than necessary.
It's evidence, not proof.
Women who do this, are just misandrists. They hate men so everyone else has to, as well.
My response to the "trying out" bit would have probably been "have you ever tried sucking dicks? how do you know you don't like it, if you have never tried it?"
That doesn't even make sense. I love books, but reading for school was always a drag for me. Books are also not for everyone and that's okay. He was in 3rd grade, meaning.he was like 9, cut the kid some slack.
Voice chat isn't gonna change anything in league.
I'm a woman and even if I wasn't asexual, I wouldn't date someone like this. I'd want a guy that is an equal, not a boot licking slave.
Thing is, she doesn't even have that much power. Imagine if she had a real position of power.
And Sabrina is definitely not a good guy either. She very much abuses her powers and then acts like she is a saint for it. I remember the episode where Theo tried out for the Basketball team and she used magic to get him on the team, to make him better. Then had the gall to say "you can do anything any other man can do" and act like she didn't just cheat.
Depends how he broke it. Angeal used it for Zack once, so if Zack used it in a similiar manner(for someone more important than the sword), I doubt he would.
I remember this MMA fighter who fights and taunts "martial arts masters" who are held up by china as great fighters.
&gt;less toxic Lmao all you do is reiterate points streamers make that aren't true. Have you ever played competitive games with randos? Voice chat is toxoc af.
Yea but it doesn't change the chromas.
Lots of people on this sub love jumping to the conclusion "guy is a creep" with 0 info suggesting that.
Or mens for that matter. I seen many a dick as a kid when we used family changing rooms, americans would probably label men as perverts who use these.
She obviously changed her mind because it would be a loan and not a "gift". He doesn't need to say it. Why else would she have found a different house? She is entitled for expecting OP to just hand her the money without having to pay it back.
And it's not lile it's just 10 bucks either. It's a downpayment for a house which is not cheap at all. Not to mention then she went on to use her husbands savings, which fair since it's a marriage, but what about her own savings?
Wasn't it Houdinis mother who died and whom he wanted to contact through Doyles wife, who claimed to be a medium?
Her brother is being treated differently, because it is a different situation. OP heavily implies she went with a different one because of the loan.
It's heavily implied by her refusing the loan.
Yea they act like the two situations are 100% the same and like he didn't offer her anything. I am sure if she had decided to move to where the son did, he would have offered it to her too. Why would he sell the house to split the money? No one gains anything then.
Same with german names. I had this american friend who told me he had german roots and how his name is a common surname in germany. He tells me and I had literally no clue what it is supposed to mean.
I love how people call the guy cruel and an AH and then go on to be this callous.
He pays child support, he isn't a deadbeat.
20$/hr is more than double what I made at my last job and I was living pretty well off of that.
Nah the radicalization happened because a lot of people on both sides aren't open for discussion, this is the result of that. The trenches have been drawn, but we can always fill them back up in the future.
*human, unless the cat has a speech impediment.
Question only is, are his knife cuts uniform?
Yeah, how exactly is this a libertarian meme?
Or gay women for that matter, since OP said the DM plays women.
They're too busy "defending" themselves against people "resisting" arrest and people "hindering" their investigatiom by filming them doing so.
While Eastern Germany wasn't prosperous, they did have a certain attitzde towards working. Their national anthem roughly translated to "rebuilt from ashes", the text of which was no longer sung starting in like 80s or 70s, because they considered themselves fully rebuilt. Both men and women were encouraged to work a lot and they happily did. My grandma had 4 kids and went to work basically the next day after giving birth. That and also probably less emphathisis on kids going to university and trade jobs just as accepted as anything else. Plus working guarantees you retirement, healthcare and being taken care of, should you become disabled as a consequence of your work alongside other benefits. We got amongst others, Bismarck to thank for this, as he started out with the protections, to make workers more happy. Happy Workers = More Productive. Source: am german, grandma grew up in East Germany
Also depends on where you grew up. In the countryside, we woke up quite early, my school started at 7:30 AM. A couple years ago, I moved to a big city for my apprenticeship and my work started at like 9 and my vocational school at like 9:30 I think. It was quite heavenly being able to sleep in.
I mean he was starved, people don't really think clearly when they are. He probably panicked and didn't think to look elsewhete, plus he threw away his map.
Too bad his twitch is advertizing smurfs, otherwise I might have subscribed to his YT.
That chick from Mass Effect 2.
High schoolers are not kids or children, they are teenagers and almost adults.
Ah yes let's be childish instead of engaging in dialogue.
Jack, that's her name.
01001010 01100001 01100011 01101011 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101111 01101101 00100000 01001101 01100001 01110011 01110011 00100000 01100101 01100110 01100110 01100101 01100011 01110100 00100000 01111001 01101111 01110101 00100000 01100100 01101111 01101110 01101011 01100101 01111001
69276d206e6f7420616d65726963616e206c6d616f
What about our boi Jimmy Butler? He was good.
Fair enough.
Dunno, I would definitely buy a book. I don't just enjoy it for the setting and Orlando Bloom, but the lore of the world as well. I would love to know more about all aspects of it.
The original Nier had me say "oh my god no, no I don't want to do this anymore" on the second playthrough, because it showed that what I was killing, was actually quite innocent and in somw cases the shadows attacking were a reaction to what humans had done to them. I felt so guilty after my second playthrough, I couldn't do a third.
Lmao Qitana is such an easy dungeon. No clue how he can fuck it up that bad.
Have you seen the twitter thread? Lots of salty people.
Okay but the tattoo artist wears gloves regardless and he isn't gonna slurp that up either. This is perfectly safe.
They fill different nichés. Neither is better than the other.
Yea I checked the game. 37min, 4cs/min. Way too low.
I'd disown my kid for playing Vayne toplane.
Theres a german version of Supernanny, allegedly they even went as far as poisoning a kids dog, who was her only support.
I'd make them play Yuumi for the rest of their lives. Doesn't matter which role they get filled in.
Yeah well, not him but your cat is obese.
I will not mind my own business when it comes to animal abuse. Good on you that you are dechonking her, she might be "healthy" now, but that won't last if you keep her at that weight.
Did you answer to the wrong person?
Women stare just as much as men. Stop trying to make this a gendered thing.
They aren't psychopaths, more like people with sociopathic traits(leaders that is). That is because sociopaths tend to have the best skillset to excel at leadership positions. That doesn't make them bad automatically. People with those traits can often lead perfectly normal lives, Some so normal they don't even realize they are genetically inclined towards being sociopaths.
Not to mention Teemo at the very bottom? Dude is made full of fluff.
Can you imagine Veigar starting off saying "I AM EVIL DO NOT TOUCH ME" and then jsut quieting down as you scratch that one spot that really hits it?
Just because you got bosses writing lile this, doesn't make it true either. This just sounds super fake.
Put the taskbar on the side but also make it pop up instead of having it fixed.
Schroeder is a german surname, which are usually horribly mispronounced by english speakers regardless.
But ahe isn't. She keeps her distance even when they stop.
Nicht wirklich, Fahrenheit und Inches sind ziemlich undurchschaubar für mich.
I'd say LCK is still A tier, along with LEC. Only S tier right now is China really.
They don't just get burst, but also sustained damage and/or poke because their abilities have such low CD. Assassins should not have low CD's.
I never understand how unempathetic people are on this sub. He confronted her after class, if he had wanted to stir drama, he would have called her out right then and there. Maybe he was just genuinely hurt by the words because he is gay and his parents called him being gay a problem or any other reason really.
Yeah, why hasn't she just tried to show up or go with her bf before? That would put this all to rest.
The question is also not "aita for believing X and disagreeing with my daughter on x"
It was a randos car that she keyed, not state or corporate property.
It doesn't give them a pass, but conditioning from those cultures is pretty hard to break.
Getting told to suck it up isn't really just a macho thing. My mother told me the same and I'm a woman. Not all hispanic people are from the same place, you know that right?
?
Jesus, I hope your cats on a diet.
She could just pump and bottle feed. Theres plenty of alternatives to "i will never visit again". This reaction is way out of proportion.
I mean he went to cool off. That is pretty reasonable if an argument turns heated. There is no point in continuing to argue if all you do is scream at each other. Taking a step back and looking at it by yourself, is a healthy thing to do. OP realized he was wrong in that instance.
With that username, I expected there to je can opening. 1/10 disappointed.
Core Items are Athenes and Ardent/Redemption(depending on your ADC). Zekes is nice to build later.
I like the inclusiveness of this.
Yea it's always good to be open to changing your mind. Women raping is often overlooked and I had friends even say "how does that even work?"
Damn sorry to hear that. Was it that common in your area?
I max Q first, meaning I win every trade for my adc by engaging and then healing them. You don't build Athenes for the shield, not primarily anyhow. Plus the AP makes you more tanky through your passive, which has a 90% ap scaling. I stack my Athenes pretty fast. No clue what you are doing that you don't.
Rakan doesn't benefit from pure tank items. The only "tank" item that is good on him, is Zekes. I don't need Zekes early, however. I get more power out of Athenes first(makes me just ad tanky thanks to the passive shield) and then either Ardent or Redemption, depending on your ADC. Maxing W first is only really good when you build full AP or semi AP with protobelt first. Q max is best, because it's mana cost doesn't increase and you benefit from any AP supp item way more.
Probably because it got overhyped by reviewers, despite being a mediocre game at best.
I hate birds outside of like crows and the like. They chirp in front of my window all day and it gets on my nerves when I actually try to sleep in.
The only thing that might be slightly TA, is releasing then willy nilly. Who knows what they might do to the eco system outside. She said they were fancy ants, so presumably maybe not even native. But definitely NTA for trying to rescue them.
Theres more species of ants than there are humans.
If she has been ordered to pay 1.8k per month, she is likely making a good chunk of money.
Also the money isn't for him, it's for his child and OP is putting everything in a fund for college.
&gt;If she has to save every penny, live in a shithole, sarcrifice every other expense, etc, to pay you $1800 childsupport Hey guess what, lots of guys already have to do this, its shitty, but it's the law.
Yea sure but if you lose to someone bad, in that instanxe you are worse than them.
There are also very few low rank survs, considering as a rank 20 killer(i'm a filthy casual) i get matched with rank 10 or better every single game who actually are always super toxic to me after.
No, it just makes you worse than the killer in that one instance.
Lmao found the salty survivor who whines in postgame chat.
Or because the OP doesn't know how hunting works. You generally avoid shooting the head. You go for a lung shot.
She is incredibly sex negative. Meaning, any sexualization of women at all, will get her off. I am also pretty sure she is in the "all p-v sex is rape" camp.
They say they are, but aren't really. They are definitely authoritarian left.
Nah thats a stereotype. The problem as always is, online the most vocal are seen as the "majroity" when they really are just a minor group. There have been legitimate criticism leveled against her, but they always get drowned out by the anti-gamer gaters accusing them of misogony(including anita herself)
Happy cakeday then mate!
Us rank 20s dont care. Most of the people who are toxic and salty, are greens, purples and reds. Literally all my games are against those and they always talk trash or whine in end game chat.
It's the same for killers tho.
You can just buy them for 74k. Doesn't need to be someone from BD.
Our past shapes us, but it does not excuse anything. You always have a choice to do better. It's not easy, but doing the right thing rarely is.
&gt;why can i not turn off chat altogether in settings You can. It's under Interface, simply unmark showing /all chat and allied chat. You can't even write then.
Take some responsibility for your actions. Riot has no obligation to babysit you and spoonfeed you information. The option to turn off chat is right where you turn on all chat. It's not "buried" in settings. Maybe do some research before you post something.
Lmao League is not my favourite video game. You whine about wanting a setting that already exists. If you have never checked your settings before, that is on you, not Riot.
No? Lmao, you got chatbanned and now you whine because you were toxic and that is somehow Riots fault. GG dude, keep on living in your fantasy world.
Yes indeed, shame on you for not being able to read.
&gt;Think before you speak Right back to you buddy. Maybe think before you make a post. Or even check if your criticism is even valid, which it wasn't, since the setting you wanted, does in fact exist in the game. &gt;I've been chat banned many times I can see why. You got anger issues.
I think the best way to go forward would be to say "i told you, you underpriced them. i will keep this money but i will gladly display and sell any art you wish to put up and the money will go to you"
I usually go with "i forgot my strapon t your dads house"
Horcrux would have taken over because he has no soul.
Draco started out willingly, but I wager by the end it was more under duress. If you take real life examples of gangs, it's hard to get out of that alive. He probably feared for his life.
We gotta remember these are all teenagers. Teenagers do dumb shit. It doesn't excuse what he did, but I don't judge him as harshly as I would a grown ass adult.
That would be terrible. Snape doesn't hate James because of any of that. He hates him because he is jealous and got tormented by James. Putting something front and centre and on the nose is boring and overdone and just not good story telling.
*by american society Us in Europe really don't care. I seen my brothers and my fathers dick before, when they were walking to their rooms after a shower. It's no biggie. We have co-ed changing rooms for families even.
Men actually fought for that right, believe it or not. They weren't always allowed to do that.
I'd go to the therapist with them and then tell the therapist what is the case, doubt any therapist would disagree with the family being wrong here.
It's pretty dumb to randomly order something without first asking what it is.
You keep your cat fat and on a leash. You are the Karen.
River Shen.
Culture wise when it comes to sex and nudity, they are probably closer to the US than the rest of Europe.
Yea and even the Scrubs episode literally showed JD getting beaten up for it. It's kind of on the nose saying "don't do this"
Yea comedy is about pointing out social issues by making it a joke and pointing out that there are people out there who believe that shit.
Education and actually going out and meeting with racists. Theres this black singer who met a KKK member while doing a gig and after listening and talking to him, the KKK member eventually(not that night obv) handed over his KKK uniform to him. He has since done thia with dozens of KKK members by himself. Guy has a whole collection now.
Isn't Danny Devito dead?
I think that was their point, people say it even if its not true.
Man I love Shea, since I loved her on her original season, but when I watched the first episode of All Stars, man she was instantly my favourite. Just completely charismatic.
I liked Delsins evil story more and thought it was more in character for him overall.
Yea ideal outcome, they both win.
The younger generation is more likely more open. They might also have been sent on "dates" to "get to know each other" a couple times. Or they could have been friends since they were potentially set up to meet each other a lot.
Yea if he had said "I'm sorry that name is too hard to pronounce for me. For me it tastes similiar to orange chicken, I hope you won't get upset over me calling it that. I know it is different but I have a hard time with the original name" it would have been way different.
It's actually based on a true story. I think there's a book it was loosely based on. It's a bit modernized and the ending is different.
