Instructions unclear, ended up driving backwards to test the crash physics.
T-Minus X amount of days until high profile (and still in office) Republicans start publicly saying "Trump was a lifelong Democrat and not a Republican".
They didn't put Clinton through eight billion hearings to catch her in a lie. Well if she did they would have loved it, but it wasn't the goal. The goal was to make the public see that she was in eight billion hearings to [lower their trust of her for the upcoming election](https://www.cnn.com/2015/10/14/politics/hillary-clinton-benghazi-committee/index.html). And it worked, to the GOP's own admittance: &gt;"Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right?" McCarthy had said. "But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. Why? Because she's untrustable. But no one would have known any of that had happened had we not fought." and &gt;"This may not be politically correct, but I think that there was a big part of this investigation that was designed to go after people and an individual, Hillary Clinton," said Hanna, who is not a member of the committee. "After what Kevin McCarthy said, it's difficult to accept at least a part of it was not. I think that's the way Washington works. But you'd like to expect more from a committee that's spent millions of dollars and tons of time." and &gt;Gowdy’s response to the New York Times about the Russia probe is a world-weary pose of realism. “Congressional investigations unfortunately are usually overtly political investigations, where it is to one side’s advantage to drag things out,” says Gowdy. “The notion that one side is playing the part of defense attorney and that the other side is just these white-hat defenders of the truth is laughable … This is politics.”
The reality is that these things do work, that's why they do them. As you say the GOP base already drank the flavor-aid, this just keeps them frothy. The left see it as the scam it is. The middle though? That's what this targets. They might not know the details, they might not know exactly who Comey is/was but they've heard the name and they know he and Trump are on opposite sides. And now they hear that Comey is under investigation. They won't read the transcripts or pay attention to the details, all they hear is he was investigated. Boy that kinda sounds suspicious doesn't it? Bingo, seed of doubt planted amongst people that the GOP either needs to vote for them, or at least to not vote Dem. More people questioning if Trump is really such a bad guy or if people are just out to get him. That's the goal. Do it again and again and again and it slowly twists the minds of the nation.
Ah yes, Conrad Black. Sort-of Canadian. From an actual Canadian allow me to give my US friends some perspective on this guy. In 2001 he was offered a peerage in the British House of Lords. Jean Chretien, the Prime Minister of the time, used an old rule to block this undeserving asshole from receiving this title whilst having Canadian citizenship (he was a dual Canadian-British citizen at the time). So Conrad **renounced his Canadian citizenship**. A title was more important to him than being a citizen of our nation, and he got what he wanted. 4 years later he was arrested in the US on multiple charges of mail and wire fraud and went to prison for a few years. Oops! In 2012 he came crawling back to Canada after being released from prison. Normally in these situations a person with a criminal record and no citizenship would not be allowed back. But wouldn't you know it, the conservative govt at the time (Stephen Harper) gave him a super special waver that was *totally* not an exception for an ally. \*Wink*. Criminals are ok as long as they're conservatives after all. In 2014 the process began to take away that peerage on account of him being a criminal. Apparently that sort of thing is frowned upon in the House of Lords. But Conrad being Conrad he renounced the peerage before it could be done, because he didn't want to give them the "pleasure" of taking it away. The title that was so important to him that he renounced his citizenship he then also renounced out of pure spite. Needless to say most Canadians don't think highly of him. Again, unless you're conservative. Then he's an underdog that was driven out of the country by a meanie PM, unfairly imprisoned as a fall guy, wrongly deprived of his title by the Brits, and in general mistreated by Liberals. Now he gets to write columns about how awful Libs are, in his usual overly-verbose bloviating way that makes him and his readers feel smart. Utterly oblivious to the fact he is fucking lucky he's even allowed to write those columns up here, in an all too familiar narcissistic "it's all about me" view of the world. Sigh.
Because naturally it's a good look for the son-in-law of the President of the United States to be giving advice to a dictator on the murder of political enemies. Wait, what?
Because largely the Dems let them get away with it in the pursuit of compromise. Fortunately it seems the incoming Dem congress has more bite than bark this go around.
Yeah see you tried that already. Then you doubled, tripled and quadrupled down on the nastiness. And to be fair it did pay off temporarily. But its all downhill from here.
The guy that set up a shell company to pay off a prostitute? Username checks out.
"We didn't waste all that time and money rigging the system just to LOSE!"
Undoubtedly. But since the Mexico funding was an oft made public promise by the President it's the easiest path to tackle it. Had Mexico gone insane and actually funded it no doubt Dems would have gone the environmental argument route or something.
&gt;f*** approval ratings Thanks to crap public approval you just experienced a historic defeat and lost an entire branch of govt along with many state level seats. You really want to keep going that route? Actually never mind, don't let me stop you. Please proceed.
If by "spar" you mean a sitting President acted like a confused, angry child and threatened the welfare of the nation if he didn't get his expensive and destructive vanity piece that he promised would be free.
With an ego this big it is not going to be pretty when it all finally comes crashing down around him.
Wow. That's....wow. Is there anyone that isn't a narcissist in this White House? Maybe the janitor?
No. Please no. This timeline can't take any more stupidity. It's already dangerously close to violating the laws of thermodynamics. You can't just keep creating all this stupid energy.
&gt;Yes the planet got destroyed. But for a beautiful moment in time we created a lot of value for shareholders.
Some people are innies, some people are outies. But we're all beautiful, man.
An unbiased media source is an impossible request as every single human being possesses bias. As with everything in life it is a matter of degrees. Fox was [literally founded](https://gawker.com/5814150/roger-ailes-secret-nixon-era-blueprint-for-fox-news) as a way to protect future Republicans from what happened to Nixon. Those other networks are not an equivalent story for a different political spectrum.
But he built that thing in a cave. With a box of scraps.
Mr Trump said he would love to release his tax returns if it wasn't for that pesky audit preventing it. No worries Mr President, the Democrats will help you work past that.
Safe space, engage!
They think they're temporarily embarrassed millionaires that are currently warming the benches for the winning team. Any minute now it'll be their turn on the field! But in reality they're the footstools, and the actual players can't believe their luck that they found people gullible enough to just sit there and support them and never ask questions.
They didn't stay in their lane.
Early 40's gamer. Played every game since before it was even called Battlefield. *Love* the change away from the meat grinder that was launch TTK into something that actually feels like a Battlefield game and not a twitchfest like CoD. Last night had the most exciting rounds I've played yet, they were actual fights for control instead of brief engagements of "whoever points first wins". EA/Dice handled the change/launch/everything crappy as usual so I have sympathy for that. But frankly I don't have much sympathy for people that want to change the nature of the series from a fun multiplayer war game into some hardcore one where streamers can gush over their killstreaks. It's no different than the people that insist every iteration be modern combat. With the abysmal sales stats it's clear they were headed in the wrong direction and needed a big change. I just hope they don't cave in to the emotional reaction and instead focus on the evidence they say they are seeing.
"Well you see Jimmy, when two ovens love each other very much sometimes they...."
Are not even hockey players safe from the move to automation? Damn robots are taking our jerbs!
Hey look, it's CNN sowing division amongst Democrats again. What's old is new.
Sadly no, silence would require self reflection to recognize their hypocrisy and that simply doesn't happen. They shifted positions to say that golf is good because that's how he conducts business, and he's such a hard worker (lol) that he needs the golf time to relax. That they and Trump said golf was bad in the past is irrelevant, those statements don't even exist in their realities anymore.
The gif is reversed. This is actually a maniac trying to pull people out of buildings with a large hook.
Even that's too tame. These people are saboteurs at the civilization level.
*~~Protecting children~~ *~~Reduce debt~~ *~~Tough on dictators~~
It's super useful for Republicans so they can start their usual mudslinging campaigns in earnest. They've got entire organizations set up to attack a candidates character on a daily basis for years on end. They only need their target.
President Trump tweets: &gt;This $50mil investigation must end! Bad Dems forcing taxpayers to wase $100mil on witch hunt! Divert the $200mil to wall funding! We will save $250 million and MAGA!
Ironically that's his actual middle name.
The climate deal that conservatives say is stupid for Liberals to champion because it's toothless, yet is also apparently responsible for the breakdown of a nation? Is that like how Hillary is the greatest criminal mastermind in politics, yet also lost to a real estate guy with no experience? Thought so. Need to keep the plebes in line with an immensely powerful yet also incompetent fictional enemy.
Pretty sure they're both more concerned about doing their jobs rather than whoever's google is bigger.
Counterpoint, my friends and I's experience is the total opposite. Now my squad and I have a better chance of survival when being attacked by a skilled player/squad that has flanked us. Without instant death I/we can regroup and counter-attack. We may not succeed since the enemy has the upper hand, we may have to temporarily relinquish the capture point, but it's possible. Before the TTK patch you get wiped before you can even react (and not just because of the TTD bug), but now you have a chance at an actual battle. Like literally every other Battlefield game. But if I play devils advocate here and agree that this change rewards skilled players and punishes weaker ones (which multiple people here are saying), wasn't that supposed to be the biggest selling point that everyone says the majority of the community wanted in the first place? A game with a greater skill gap that required weaker players to get better to compete? Before it was commonly agreed here that low TTK=skill, high TTK=casual, but now it's reversed? Is anyone sure what it is they actually wanted in the first place? Because it's sounding like complaining for the sake of complaining.
I appreciate the desire to choose the high road. I truly do. In a normal situation it leads to better politics and better representation for voters. But this is not a normal situation. Republicans have not just made the low road their default position, they've gone and mined the high road while they're at it. And just in case a Dem makes it past the mines they also placed C4 on the bridge further down. Repubs are engaged in full-on ideological war. They announce this proudly. Dems have been trying to conduct business the old way for years and it's cost a lot of ground.
&gt; If Democrats took that same attitude, America would be in even worse shape than we are now. Sadly the opposite is true. I get what you're trying to say, it would basically ensure the end of positive political discourse (barring a collapse and rebuild of the Republican party into a positive force, of which they are currently headed the total opposite direction). But as this article highlights the high road has given a structural political advantage for Republicans. Dems get to say they acted morally, but Repubs have been the ones making the decisions. Ultimately the people have suffered under those decisions. The spirit of compromise is only beneficial if both parties are willing.
Upper or lower?
And also grows as a person as they age instead of mentally and emotionally staying at that level until they're an old man.
He'll finish that right after he solves world hunger. No wait, inventing the warp drive comes after that. Pretty sure the Middle East is the 3rd priority. He's just such a busy young go-getter!
Experts will recommend slower, but they don't listen to experts. With how terrible this administration is it will have to be the most terrible Trek example possible. I'm talking Voyager warp 10 turning people into salamanders bad.
Collapse will only occur if the people allow it to occur. Republicans are practically running away from the center. So long as Dems stay on the side of what is best for the people then the voters will know the correct choice. The recent election indicates that is happening. If going forward people choose to split the nation between those two sides regardless of what Republicans do, then quite frankly collapse is inevitable. Dems capitulating even more ground isn't going to fix incompatible ideologies. The US has been down this road before.
Ah didn't you hear though? The blue wave was still really a red wave to Trump fans because "the plan" was actually to clear out the Republicans that are disloyal to Trump and blocking his objectives, and that required them to lose to Dems for it to happen. Now they think they will move on to crush the Democrats and fully control the country. 4D Chess and all that. Yes, they are nutso.
The bigger problem is you guys think that this is all there is. Not too long ago you guys didn't think this was real either, and yet here we are. There are dozen or so investigations under way that you guys think are fake too. Are you a gambler? I wouldn't be right now.
Yes but that was before the firmware update was rolled out to the minions once the Judge did something they didn't like. In Kompromat™ v7.09.1219 he's now a traitor.
What if we extend this comparison to lower levels of govt? I think there's a town where a dog was made mayor and.....no never mind Trump is still the dimmest.
&gt;So the key question: How do we get back to aspiration and inclusion? Your leaving is a good start to that you hack. The complete implosion and rebuilding of your party into something approaching sanity is a good next step.
Not quite. That 38% negative GOP opinion vanishes if the President has a (D) next to their name.
They fully intend to forward a proposal to form a committee to investigate the possibility of ordering a pen that would potentially draft a letter that would theoretically be sent to the President that would ideally ask him to tone it down a bit, if he's willing.
Tons and tons of coincidences. You know what creates coincidences? Magic. Who uses magic? Witches! Therefore it's a witch hunt and the President is very legal and very cool. Checkmate, Liberals.
Patti in payroll made a mistake and not everyone received their shilling cheques. Give her a call if you didn't receive your Sorosbux™.
So about 0.73 decimooches?
The wall will need to be made of literal magic to meet all the various promises and come in under the budget figure proposed.
Some people are innies, some people are outies.
I asked my mom to use the computer and the google man says: *"It’s important to know that little of that money was under the control of the United States or any U.S. bank. Most of it, Habibi said, was in central and commercial banks overseas. Furthermore, it was Iran’s money to begin with, not a payment from any government to buy Iran’s cooperation."*
Looks great, but where does the secret jet fly out from?
Your disdain for members of your own party is palpable. The way you label them as if they were total outsiders and that you alone should hold domain over the only party representing everything left of center. Such arrogance deserves challenge from within.
House wastes its time passing paperwork with literally 0 chance of going anywhere.
So he warned GOP lawmakers that if they didn't go against Trump they would lose congress. They ignored his warning and Republicans subsequently lost congress. Contrary to my previous belief it sounds like he actually managed to predict one thing correctly during his tenure.
Less a case of being bossed around, more a case of the man being so shallow and void of ideas or intelligence that he adopts the opinion of the most recent ~~person~~ sycophant he listened to. He then pretends he came up with the idea in order to save face.
His supporters think that's what being "Alpha" is like.
Guys, maybe I'm being crazy here but I think I detect a pattern...
I know in the alternate reality Trump world evidence isn't a thing, but in the real world the orange idiot is on tape saying it is a 100% Trump shutdown. Stop embarrassing yourselves.
"That kid is a solid D student, right across the board. Impressive consistency" said noone ever.
And there you see the real reason Trump hates the Fed. As always it's about personal gain.
Of course he has to yell. In their world the person that yells the loudest is the "winner".
What a waste. People donating money to a scam artist in the vain effort to make their hatred of others take physical form in a stupid wall. Wait, am I describing this fundraiser or the Trump campaign? \*Insert X-Files theme.*
You guys seriously need someone to explain to you how the whole "evidence" thing actually works. Spoiler alert, you aren't doing it right.
The eagle sensed something that a bunch of voters would realize far too late.
The Obama Presidency was tough on immigration. He was nicknamed the ["Deporter in Chief"](https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/obamas-deportation-policy-numbers/story?id=41715661). What was the reward by voters? A complete and utter sweep as you said, only it was by Republicans. And despite that fact, Republicans still accuse Democrats of completely ludicrous and fabricated desires for "open borders". Politics do not function in the simple action-&gt;reward rules that you seem to think they do. Besides, voters views on immigration have actually [softened in the last decade](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/23/us/immigration-polls-donald-trump.html), especially upon seeing how ghoulish the Trump Presidency is on immigrants. This immigration obsession has more to do with a Republican media narrative than the views of the average voter. As for Beto losing despite being obviously superior, well this is a good time for a life lesson. A lot of people will vote for shit candidates so long as it's a shit candidate on their side. Trying to get your party to act more like the other party won't fix that.
The party of personal responsibility and family values sets the bar for Republican Presidents to be just above "killer of children's pets". Wow.
They won't flee completely because for them it isn't about Trump, it never was. They majority of Republicans in office will stomach him no matter how far he goes. Why? Because of their base. The base has been completely and wholly absorbed by Trump. It's insane how thoroughly he's co-opted the party. It's almost religious devotion to him at this point. Without that 30-ish% that reliably votes R the party is toast. So as long as elected Republicans want to keep their jobs they will play along. It's going to take a continued and massive backlash from voters to overcome that.
As always when it comes to Republican "investigations" the goal was never to find evidence of wrongdoing. The goal was to tarnish your opponents image in the public. The people they are trying to convince will likely never find out the investigation shut down like this, all they know is the FBI and Mueller were under investigation, and they'll think "Boy that sounds shady doesn't it? Maybe Trump has a point about them."
Because in good comedy the comedian punches up or at themselves. Conservatives like to punch down, and that just isn't funny.
This is why they will lose the fight, and this is why Republicans have had majority control of the country for decades. They're elected leaders. They're put there to lead. What they instead do is wait for the public to lead so that they can play it as safe as possible. They don't sell their vision to the masses, they wait for the masses to sell their vision back to them, only that approach takes ages and meanwhile Republicans are selling their own twisted view every minute of every day. This is why the US is so far behind other advanced nations on so many things. If there isn't enough on Trump to start selling impeachment to the voters now then there never will be. You'll be waiting for a smoking gun that *should* seal the deal, but it never will because they won't make the case out of fear any more then than they did when the Mueller report laid out clear obstruction.
\*bzzzt* Oh I'm sorry, the correct answer was quite literally the opposite of what you just said.
"This is how you know he's smart" - Some idiot Trump supporter.
Never underestimate Moderate Dems instinct to punch left when they should be punching right. And then spend another 30 years wondering why everything is falling apart, and why they can't hold majority power for more than a couple years at a time while the unified right keeps winning and tearing the nation apart from the ground up.
It's the bestest plan ever devised but it can only be passed if you take healthcare *away* first, for some unspecified reason. Trust me. ^^^^Did ^^^^they ^^^^buy ^^^^it?
Yeah this isn't a real thing, you've made it up. "Death panels" was a real thing. "Socialism" was a real thing. "A state solution doesn't work at the Federal level" was a real thing. They were stupid things mind you, but those were actual critiques of the health care reform. People calling him a Kenyan, people calling his wife a gorilla, people calling him a terrorist in chief, those were the racist things. Like many conservatives you seem incapable of seeing the world in anything but a binary yes/no. People say he experienced racist attacks, so therefore you assume they mean ALL attacks were racist. Sadly the real world has context. The man faced racist attacks, the healthcare reform faced stupid attacks. And yes, some of those attacks came from the same racist people.
Rest assured this bug is scheduled to be fixed in Battlefield 6/Bad Company 3. Please buy skins!
Quit being so divisive! Clearly the correct, enlightened and bipartisan middle ground is that the core is exactly halfway between exploded and not exploded, and therefore only needs to be repainted a bit. Elect me!
A Libertarian you can occasionally find a middle ground with, like for example the war on drugs. The reasoning is different but that matters less than the end result. Other areas there is no overlap and that is what elections are for. The Republican party as it exists now is to be anti-whatever Democrats want at the moment. You just can't work with that.
So what you're saying is modify the mini crossbow to shoot knives?
I like how you accuse the left of hate and spend literally every single comment hating on the left. I imagine trolling this much results in hypocrisy so thick that you can scoop it out of the air like ice cream.
For a second time anyways....
I don't get to say this often, but; Good job media!
Damn, when they play Jenga they play for keeps.
*predeberder
First they came for the fascists and white supremacists, and I did not speak out because I was not a fascist or white supremacist. Then they stopped going any further, and everyone else was happy because every decent human being hates fascists and white supremacists. The End.
Reddit will *absolutely* do the right thing.....the moment one of the hate subs does something that ends up in the news again. Then the users of the closed down subs migrate to or create new subs and continue spreading hate. At which point Reddit will *absolutely* do the right thing.....the moment one of the hate subs does something that ends up in the news again. Then the users of the closed down subs migrate to or create new subs and continue spreading hate. Return to top.
I find it strange that you think all candidates should share the same values and principals. Different people value different things. You'll find Democrats who support abortion and Democrats that don't. You'll find Democrats that want higher tax rates and Democrats that are afraid of raising them. That's life. And ultimately it comes down to elections for the people to decided which candidate best represents them. What *you* see as "normal" is a small-tent authoritarian Republican party engaging in groupthink. And it changes itself on a whim like some kind of firmware update if the current leader deems it to be, even if it is radically different than yesterdays opinion. In 2015 every Republican would be against tariff wars. In 2019 the party falls in line behind Trumps tariff wars. In 2015 sexual deviancy is unacceptable. In 2019 you have a President that brags about walking in on naked women at pageants. **That** isn't normal.
His optimism is admirable! His apparent inability to read the room when *so much* is at stake however is not. Some day the spirit of bipartisanship will return. That day is not soon, it is likely not during the remaining years of Biden's career in politics, and it can not be successful until the right honestly returns to the table. Operating under any other assumptions will just lead to further decay.
Or when McConnell overrode Obama's veto and forced the passing of a bad bill, only for McConnell to then blame Obama for the negative consequences of the bill.
At the rate he's going soon it'll be FORMER Fox News judge.
Being a huge bitch is a mere mortal ability. This man can bitch faster than a speeding bullet. A mortal would eventually get tired of this much bitching, but Trump has discovered a way to conserve his precious life energy that would be wasted with exercise and converts it to bitching.
Actually that's a really good idea. In the next game if there are any rooms that take longer than usual to load, they should add some "sparks" or something to the door to make it seem like its struggling.
Does the stand have wi-fi? Every good product needs wi-fi. I was hanging clothes last night and realized coat hangers aren't internet accessible. What is this, the dark ages?
This naively assumes he will only flip his positions on the positive whims of voters, and not for example on the recommendations of lobbyists or special interests.
God, this sounds just like when Obama won the first time. "We've got all branches of govt, what could go wrong? People are clearly done with Republicans after Bush. Now we can fix his messes, rebuild our world standing, and with enough time we'll look at some progressive legislation oh never mind we lost congress and the senate 2 years later." Which was followed by 6 years of stagnation, which was then followed by the current nightmare. Only this time around there is a literal ticking clock on environmental catastrophe that absolutely cannot be pushed back any further for "the right time".
It is. It's also a good idea to not make those people powerful leaders.
Typical of low-information moderates to view politics in such basic binary terms when the world is full of context. Why someone rapidly changes their positions is as important as why they hold the position in the first place. A person that can change their stance on a whim like that is not a reliable ally. You assume the stance won't change back once in office. Progressives aren't as naive, they don't want someone willing to resort to cheesy political tactics and want someone that genuinely shares and will fight for their positions.
He doesn't agree with progressives, he wants their votes. If he actually agreed with progressives on this topic he *wouldn't have had his original position to start with*. They don't expect a person who flips that readily to hold that position once in office and instead want a candidate that genuinely shares the position. Reliability is important to some people. You view that as an attack, in reality it's called having standards.
The planet is on fire and there is no time left to kick the can down the road. Lip service is *absolutely* not good enough anymore. The choice is not between mediocre and evil until people give up and allow it to happen.
Not crickets unfortunately, now they're out in force pretending that flipping should grant Biden immunity on the subject now, and that radically changing ones positions based purely on polls is a good thing in a president.
Please no. Just for once can something stupid he said actually be a fake quote and.....\*sigh* never mind it's real. It's *always* real.
If we could find a way to harness the energy that Republicans put into buttery males we could solve the climate crisis overnight.
That's ridiculous, *clearly* he's fighting lawn ghosts. Common mistake.
Problematic people can also be popular.
A man that came into power promising leftist positions like a health plan that would cover everyone, and fighting corruption by the elite. All of which were fucking lies by a lifelong serial con artist, but nonetheless low-information voters believed him.
He's problematic for the same reason that "flip flopper" has long been used as a derogatory political term. You can't rely on the long-term goals and positions of someone like that since it can change at any time, and not necessarily in a positive direction.
No, they're equating brain damage to poor English. Context matters.
Since the context revolves around a single person and not groups of unrelated disadvantaged people, then yes it's important.
It really isn't, since it's specific to a single person in his 70's with a demonstrable decline in his grasp of his primary language. Attempts to paint this specific comment in broad strokes is in itself a problematic attempt to deflect criticism.
US mayor apologises for saying ~~LGBT+ people and abortion rights campaigners should be killed~~ the quiet part loud and getting caught, and not actually for what he said.
In the mind of a conspiracy theorist they are the hero and their enemies are numerous. These enemies are incredibly powerful governments and corporations that have agents everywhere, but they're also incompetent enough to be "caught" by the conspiracy theorist moron (much to the applause of the base). You can't be a hero if your enemy is *too* powerful, after all.
&gt;One year later, though, according to French media outlet Le Monde, the tree will not, in fact, be replanted. French newspaper Le Figaro later confirmed the news. The tree reportedly has died in quarantine, never to return to the White House lawn. You'd be hard pressed to find a more exact analogy to the current government.
It will all be a stalling tactic. Every minute they run out the clock between now and the election is a win for them.
"Keanu pencils himself in!"
I fear that their answer to the question "how many corpses are in your basement" might be greater than zero.
Clearly Bolton just hasn't had the opportunity to spoon with Kim and fall in love like the President did. Then he'd understand how great a guy Kim really is! /s
Damn that takes me back. Probably still have that patched ROM in a folder somewhere.
There is no such thing as a "low" anymore. It's all low, which makes it the new normal. Well no, I suppose they could start trying to assassinate political rivals. I stand corrected.
Have you tried changing the sound to blue?
Well that's an interesting hail mary. And by interesting I mean stupid.
If he has the power to convince them what they are doing is wrong, he would have been able to do that when he was VP. He didn't because it **isn't possible** for the correction to come from the left, not when the problem originates on the right. The only way it will be fixed by the right is if they lose massively and continually. Right now being an asshole is paying off in spades, there is zero reason for them to correct. Even when they did internal research and saw they had a demographic problem they instead doubled down on the old timey racism and won big. Now they need to lose big. Not just 2008 big, those gains were erased in a mere 2 years. They need to get afraid enough that they have no choice but to start cleaning out the leadership that got them there.
Did they even have the decency to buy you dinner first?
Damn lazy millenials, can't even be bothered to set up one measly temporal paradox to get ahead. In MY day we went back and killed Hitler before the sun was even up. In winter! Uphill, both ways!
Yeah that happens. Cats take "home territory" invasions very seriously.
Rules for thee, not for me.
As in physical attraction, or as in their average body temperature? Because yes.
That's the current talking point? Years in advance the people voted for the old party to unilaterally limit the power of future representatives that the people just recently voted into power? It's incredible how little you people think of voters that you expect anyone aside from hypnotized party faithfuls to believe this.
No, he doesn't. It doesn't matter what they say, so long as they don't take meaningful action it is blanket acceptance of Trumps actions. The words are just there to deflect personal criticism so they can point to it in the future and say they were against it.
Because the powerful that want the tax cuts have been bankrolling both parties as well as the media. Republicans pass them, Democrats meekly oppose and rarely reverse them when in power, and the media which is often owned by those powerful people treat the situation with kid gloves. Rinse and repeat. The people that truly oppose them have little influence, and voters don't pay enough attention to give that opposition the power they need to fight it. The recent push left in the Democratic party is the first time in *decades* that there has been a serious voice in opposition, but it isn't enough yet.
Nothing? Hell, if this "triggers the libs" she's probably up for a promotion. This Presidency awards lawbreaking behaviour if it's done in fealty to their God Emperor.
Then you aren't taking the situation seriously enough and need to get out of the way and vote for the people that are. The last Bush was a "fluke" too with the election problems. These "flukes" have horrifying consequences for the nation and the planet and need to be taken extremely seriously.
The impeachment process is the path to building that public support. Voters put Democrats in power to hold Trump accountable. They also punish weakness. If Dems punt until another election gambling on the results being favourable they will just end up bleeding support. Nobody votes for someone that declines to do their job until it feels safe. This is a large reason why Republicans are so much more effective at elections. They're evil, but they're effective evil. Democrats live in perpetual fear of displeasing people and end up doing little. Voters see the weakness and move on.
Romney: "I am therefore forced to temper my unconditional support for the President. Henceforth I will continue to do everything he wants, except now it will be done with a frowny face." Media: "Such brave leadership...."
Just think of it like a squishy newtons cradle.
A Trump never, ever pays their debts. And then they sue you for wanting your money back. And then they go bankrupt. And then they take money from a sketchy foreign source. And then they never, ever pay their debts. And then they sue you for wanting your money back. And then...
The same way he's gotten away with everything else. Their base loves how effective he is and doesn't care how he does it, the middle shrugs its shoulders and tunes out, the left don't have enough power on their own to end it, and for far too long the media (in general) has done a terrible job of holding politicians accountable. The political system was not designed to handle this kind of situation. It was built assuming that a greater volume of voter engagement and quality control would have guided elections to prevent this. In the past an asshole like McConnell would not still be in power.
The Republican torch bearers of *Truth and Justice*™ will come out of hibernation right around the time Democrats regain the balance of power. Ironically their hibernation cycles coincide perfectly with the Republican deficit hawks too. Isn't mother nature ~~amazing~~ terrible?
"We have to move past the dividing division of divisiveness, because *something something* unity." GOP: "Lol thanks ^^^^dumbass ."
It's white supremacist to think that the most powerful group in human history is in some kind of mortal danger from brown people, requiring "action". And they're incel because noone wants to fuck crazy people like them.
You deal with it like any other home parasite and start fumigating.
Dems were on the intelligence committee leading up to the Iraq war too. How did that work out for everyone?
Have you allowed for the possibility that there are warhawks in the Democratic party that will provide cover for Republican wars by hyping up weak or false evidence? Because that's exactly what happened with the Iraq war. Schiff voted for that war btw. Have you also allowed for the possibility that some people actually learned from that experience and have set the burden of proof for legislators extremely high to prevent it from happening again?
If a candidates best defence is that they are better than the worst people, then they are not a good candidate.
People are suspicious of a government that constantly lies and employs people like Bolton that have a fetish for an Iranian war? After being stuck in expensive middle eastern conflicts for years and years because of "faulty" intelligence? Shocked! Shocked I am! No not really. I am happy people are wisening up though. Even if it ends up that Iran really is guilty of the attack, the preemptive pushback by the public against the warhawks is still a good sign for the future.
If Clinton had won impeachment would have started **Day 1**.[ They were already planning it.](http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/remember-when-republicans-were-prepared-impeach-hillary-clinton) &gt;On Nov. 8, 2016, Donald Trump unexpectedly won the U.S. presidential election. Just four days earlier, however, the Washington Post published [this report](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/11/03/no-honeymoon-for-hillary-congressional-republicans-openly-discussing-impeachment/) on Republican plans to impeach Hillary Clinton, whom they expected to win. &gt;*Senior Republican lawmakers are openly discussing the prospect of impeaching Hillary Clinton should she win the presidency, a stark indication that partisan warfare over her tenure as secretary of state will not end on Election Day.* &gt;*Chairmen of two congressional committees said in media interviews this week they believe Clinton committed impeachable offenses in setting up and using a private email server for official State Department business.* &gt;*And a third senior Republican, the chairman of a House Judiciary subcommittee, told The Washington Post he is personally convinced Clinton should be impeached for influence peddling involving her family foundation.* &gt;The same morning that article ran, Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas), the then-chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, told Fox News that he believed Hillary Clinton committed “treason” with her email protocols. &gt;Two days before that, Senate House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) also suggested Clinton committed impeachable offenses. In reference to the Democrat’s email issues, the Wisconsin Republican said on Nov. 1, 2016, “I’m not a lawyer, but this is clearly written. I would say yes, high crime or misdemeanor.” &gt;It was around this time that a National Review writer made the case that congressional Republicans should impeach Clinton before the election, while Rudy Giuliani reportedly “guaranteed” to an Iowa audience that Clinton, if elected, would be impeached within a year of taking office.
&gt;Why the fuck would any **sane** person believe that many Brits would come out for him? You've answered your own question. They've built up this fictional alternate reality where Trump is the best President ever, and that the world loves him for how "real" he is (or some nonsense like that). Evidence that shows the contrary (like a lack of supportive people at events) cannot be tolerated as it contradicts the alternate reality. Therefore they craft the new reality of massive positive turnout by using images from other events. *Constantly.* Their alternate world collapses if they don't.
I'm sorry but that won't be enough, look at the end of the Bush tenure for example. Everyone thought the madness was over once Obama was elected and Democrats had the majorities. Then 2 years later Republicans won enough power to turn the rest of Obama's time in office into basically a lame duck session. 6 years after that they had won majority control of the entire nation. A single, large defeat is not enough. Republicans never stop fighting for every evil desire they have. They treat everything as a fight to the death. Democrats have a tendency to get complacent once they win. If the nation has any hope of pushing the needle back that can't happen anymore.
&gt; and on X date, you'll see the sentences start to come down. How many people said this *exact same thing* about the results of the Mueller investigation? It didn't materialize. Expecting it to with these new investigations is like betting on a magic bullet.
&gt;"I do whine because I want to win and I'm not happy about not winning and I am a whiner and I keep whining and whining until I win," [Trump told CNN's Chris Cuomo on Tuesday.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xms8iV8ae-c) We know Donnie, we know.....
Let's form a committee to draft a proposal to choose the color of ink to use in the pen that will be used to write a policy on seeking an agreement to deal with the problem by 2120. The system works!
That's certainly possible. But I've also noticed Biden supporters in order to defend him from his own foot going in his mouth, will: A) Declare any criticism regardless of legitimacy as a Republican operation, because clearly Democrats are not allowed to criticize other Democrats and we should all act like the authoritarian Republican party. B) Trump is much, much worse than any Dem (correct), and that should give Dem candidates carte blanche to be as bad as they want, so long as it isn't Trump/Republican bad. If you run into an asshole on the street, but they aren't jailing kids or crushing societal decency? Presidential material! Or TLDR, we can't have standards because the right wing are insane assholes.
The bar owner saw the exterminator quote for dealing with a rat infestation, and they came up with solution B. The bar down the street copied the idea and is currently developing their own Cockroach Bar. I kid, rats are actually cool pets. Clean, affectionate and intelligent.
First they came for the racist assholes, and I did not speak out because I was not a racist asshole. Then they stopped there and everyone was perfectly fine with that. The End.
That seems to be the *opposite* of what he's saying. If he's "arguing like the devil" with them, that means opposition in government. Going down and having lunch with them is personal time. If they're going to advocate for racism as a government policy but want to be your friends behind the scenes, **that is not a positive relationship for the voters.**
After directly saying Trump was the problem and the rest of the party he can work with?
With centrists in charge of Dems the party has stood back and watched as the overton window has continually shifted to the right, unions have almost vanished, Republicans have held the majority of power for 3+ decades, Dem's lost over a thousand seats to Republicans, lost to some of the worst Presidential candidates in history, infrastructure is falling apart, social programs are decades behind our allies, several statistics are reaching 3rd world territory, and we came frighteningly close to handing the GOP enough power to unilaterally modify the constitution. And this only scratches the surface. But you're right, progressives haven't come close to accomplishing any of that. If you don't ever give them a chance to govern then they can't have a track record to speak about \*taps forehead*. Good strategy.
So you didn't read the article?
Bah gawd, stop the damn match!
The one that wouldn't have lost to Trump. Basically anybody.
Woah there, what happened to \#AnyoneButTrump? Weird how that applies to supporters of any candidate but Biden.
Centrists shitting on supporters of anyone except the anointed one again. Deja Vu.
Where your candidate won the nomination and lost the general election via the Electoral College despite having a large vote surplus. And where, despite the narrative to the opposite, the Sanders supporters you despise turned out more for Clinton than Clinton's did for Obama. Yes we recall.
No see you aren't allowed to talk about stupid things he's said because Republicans are worse. It works a bit like a get out of jail free card.
The same 10 times worse GOP senators that Biden says will magically become good people and he will work together with once Trump is gone? &gt;[Biden:](https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/joe-biden-republicans-trump-2020_n_5cff47b6e4b06d839dc4150e) “With Trump gone you’re going to begin to see things change. Because these folks know better. They know this isn’t what they’re supposed to be doing.”
Ba dum tsh.
It's amazing the lengths people will go through to shield a candidate from themselves, instead of just picking a better candidate. You're just a tick away from declaring that criticizing the stupid things coming out of a candidates mouth will result in the end of human civilization. Don't give up now, you can do it!
[And the ultimate current reality is that congress is **far** more conservative than the public actually is](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2018/11/study-congress-overestimates-the-publics-conservatism.html). Almost the entire political and media landscape is set up to push conservative viewpoints. Progressives are well aware this will be a long battle to fight, but they also understand they will find few allies in party leadership which does not want the current system to change.
Now we need them to make a movie about the card so that later they can make a card about the movie that was about the card. If only Raul Julia was still around....
&gt;[A senior Democrat on a congressional panel seeking President Donald Trump’s tax returns warned on Saturday that the current Congress may not see the long-sought tax documents without launching an impeachment inquiry.](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-congress-taxes/house-democrat-says-current-congress-may-not-see-trump-taxes-idUSKCN1TG0ME) &gt;Representative Lloyd Doggett, who sits on the House Ways and Means Committee, said Democrats, who control the House of Representatives, **were slow to request Trump’s tax returns from the Internal Revenue Service** and now need to push back forcefully against Trump’s refusal to turn over the returns. &gt;“Because this request was **delayed until April and no legal action has yet been filed to get the returns, it is certain we won’t get them this year** and perhaps (will face) some challenge to even get them with favorable expedited rulings by the time this Congress ends,” Doggett, who chairs the House Ways and Means health subcommittee, told CNN.
Define what that means, because it sounds a lot like "don't mention negatives". That isn't an honest evaluation of any person.
Please advise just how much people should ignore about a candidate because Trump is bad. What's the cutoff? Stealing candy from babies? A criminal record? If there's a boundary that splits safe and unsafe topics it needs to be defined.
The argument assumes that the legislation that came out of that cooperation was good. There are a lot of things over the years with bipartisan support that were shitty for voters. Like banking deregulation for a recent example.
Sure, but he's also said that those Republican clowns in charge will get better once Trump is gone. Which is demonstrably not true going by the Obama years. His barometer judging the quality of the people across the aisle is seriously miscalculated.
Not my guess. [Experienced legislators guess.](https://www.politico.com/story/2019/04/30/nancy-pelosi-impeachment-2020-1295265) &gt;“Everything’s got to be done this year. Next year, forget about it,” said Rep. Bill Pascrell of New Jersey, who said he sees more rank-and-file Democrats leaning toward impeachment but noted everything rides on Pelosi. &gt;Even the most ardent supporters of ousting the president concede that the chance of launching proceedings against Trump gets slimmer once all of Washington — and the country — becomes consumed by the presidential election, and Democrats will be wary of an impeachment backlash. &gt;“There’s a certain point in time … it becomes an issue, for sure,” said Rep. John Yarmuth of Kentucky, an impeachment supporter, of the looming calendar. &gt;Added a senior Democratic aide: “The closer you get to an election year, it’s not going to happen,” the aide said. “I don’t see any way we go there. I just don’t think there’s enough there.” As for their *actual* plan, perhaps their own word will convince you: &gt;The main conditions Pelosi and other senior lawmakers have said must be met if Democrats are going to pursue impeachment — a well of public support and at least some Republican buy-in — have not materialized since Mueller’s full report was released less than two weeks ago.
Define "scary sex". As in doing it in a public washroom? Or doing it underneath some kind of medieval swinging cutting device that is slowly lowering towards you and you need to finish before it gets too close?
Can't violate the separation between the state and church if you eliminate the state and just have the church \*taps forehead*. I wish that sarcasm wasn't also accurate.....
Quite literally everyone does this, including you. You see attacks on other candidates as unacceptable, but your own attacks are somehow righteous. Everyone thinks that. And besides that, how many of those candidates have had a long running sub dedicated to trashing them like Sanders does? Not a lot. Politics is dirty.
Atta girl. She is on fire right now.
set g_sabermorerealistic 3
No that's what the self-destruct function is for. The engineering department was against the idea but marketing insisted it was a sellable feature.
The country is approaching 3rd world status and the planet is dying. Republicans are playing the long game and have been for decades now, and they're *winning*. The strategy of "Anyone but Bush/Trump/etc" is not fucking enough anymore. If Dems focus on the short game they'll grab an election or two but continue to cede the direction of the nation to the crazies.
The real #walkaway. Better late than never. And it's a good sign for Warren that her message is breaking through that tough GOP shell.
Now let's not get crazy, we can't handle the turnover right now. Instead could we install some sort of electrode that progressively gives them a stronger shock the longer they are late?
Only a secret to those that aren't paying attention. Here's another one: [Influential Centrist Group in Democratic Politics, No Labels, Is Revealed to Have Republican Donors](https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2018/12/centrist-group-founded-by-clinton-veteran-is-revea.html) &gt;No Labels, a “centrist” political group created by Republican Todd Davis and Nancy Jacobson—wife to veteran Clinton strategist, Mark Penn (Penn is now writing op-eds on FoxNews.com about the supposed fraudulence of the Mueller investigation). Joe Lieberman is their designated national leader. No Labels is seemingly designed to drag Democrats further to the right, and their conferences typically feature speakers like Joe Biden, John Huntsman and Joe Manchin. No Labels preaches the religion of bipartisanship, and chastises anyone who stands in the way of this ideology, no matter the policy effects of it. &gt;According to internal documents obtained by The Daily Beast, No Labels encouraged financiers known for backing hyperpartisan causes to back its own super PACs. Among those courted were individuals who've bankrolled massive parts of the Republican Party's infrastructure, including David Koch, former AIG head Hank Greenberg, and billionaire hedge-fund manager Paul Singer; as well as top supporters of President Donald Trump, including PayPal founder Peter Thiel, businessman Foster Friess, and Home Depot founder Ken Langone. Republicans are paid to rip the nation apart in favor of the rich, and certain Democrats are paid to act as a bulwark against those on the left that might have the nerve to interfere with the pillaging. Unfortunately this plan has been *enormously* successful over the last half century. And now for the obligatory "fuck Joe Lieberman" at the sight of his name.
[If you:](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/23/us/politics/biden-speech-fred-upton.html) A) take money from Republicans to praise Republicans B) help elect a Republican to a seat that could have been won by your own party C) decline to assist the Democrat running for that seat, leading to a narrow win by the Republican [You're a conservative.](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/23/us/politics/biden-speech-fred-upton.html)
&gt;Ok sure, the tax cuts didn't result in what we promised you the first 1,764 times we tried it. But *if we tried it again....*
It's almost like a guy that *brags on tape* about intentionally walking in on naked women might be a really bad person.
That they have Trump as President and still accuse others of being arrogant is just insane. You'd think the human brain would have some sort of physical limit to how much hypocrisy one can generate, but they keep proving physics wrong. If we could find a way to convert hypocrisy to electricity we could solve global warming overnight.
Trump bragged of his tax cuts being "rocket fuel" for the economy. Well rocket fuel burns fast and eventually runs out. This news is the ship hitting the peak of its trajectory, and the nose is starting to point down.
The guy that struck a deal with Iran and *didn't* authorize a strike has less restraint than the guy who ripped up the deal and *did* authorize a strike? Man, whatever it is that you guys are on must be potent. Opioids?
This is of course how one would describe a *completely innocent person* which they are protecting for what must only be very cool and very legal reasons. And hamburgers eat people.
You imagine a world where if a Democrat acts *completely perfectly* Republicans won't attack them or twist the narrative. News flash, they do it anyways. There is nothing she could say or not say, do or not do, that won't cause her to be attacked. Telling her to shut up when she's telling the truth only enables Republicans. But seeing as you appear to be a hardcore Biden supporter, enabling Republicans is your whole schtick anyways so I guess it isn't surprising. Maybe you can go shake their hand, strike a deal to call them "happy peace camps" while still doing the same evil shit, and call it a bipartisan victory? *That'll* show AOC!
[I guarantee you they don't.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2018/11/study-congress-overestimates-the-publics-conservatism.html) The government is more conservative than the general public is.
Meanwhile supposed Democratic centrists rally behind Republicans to condemn AOC, who is in *their own party*, because she used the correct definition of a tragedy and it made Republicans who are committing these atrocities mad. Thanks guys, super helpful.
What about the people who have lost family members at *this* camp? How can one properly address the actual issues at hand when they refuse to acknowledge what they are? Definition of a concentration camp: &gt;a place where large numbers of people (such as prisoners of war, political prisoners, refugees, or the members of an ethnic or religious minority) are detained or confined under armed guard
Or maybe the academics and historians are correct, having actually studied concentration camps throughout history, and the stupid people are the ones arguing about their *personal* definition of a term not matching the real world. Or just maybe the people getting angry about such a comparison are unconsciously lashing out because they know what's happening is wrong, but it's running counter to their worldview that the US is the good guy and they can't handle the contradiction.
&gt; Then why use the term "concentration camp" if not to evoke the emotion and terror that was the most widely known/used case of the term Because it's the literal correct definition. That people such as yourself have such a limited grasp of history that you can't comprehend this is your problem. &gt;we aren't rounding them up in the streets in order to put the viable to work and exterminating the rest. Those would be called work or death camps.
Noone even mentioned the Holocaust so the point is irrelevant. And from your first link, even in the Holocaust Museum *itself* there is internal disagreement on this topic.
Prisoners are (generally) treated better. This kind of treatment is getting uncomfortably close to being treated like livestock.
Starting impeachment before the election gives Trump the perfect excuse that the impeachment is just about swinging the election. The muddled middle hates political games, the moment they catch a whiff of it they will tune out.
Fear *is the point.* Cruelty *is the point.* They want people to be so scared of how they'll be treated in America that they don't come here. He wants you to be so afraid of what he'll do that you'll acquiesce to his demands. You're talking to the man that gleefully advocated for the killing of terrorists families as a deterrent, you think he'll change his mind if you talk about suffering kids? You are dealing with a monster, start acting like it.
Any decade now!
It's *crucially* important. The US's political axis has been shoved far to the right in the last half century as part of a long term power grab. It's been going on long enough that many people have lived in it their entire lives and can't recognize it without a comparison to the rest of the world to add context. You can't grapple with a problem until you can see it.
&gt;Joseph R. Biden Jr. swept into Benton Harbor, Mich., three weeks before the November elections, in the midst of his quest to reclaim the Midwest for Democrats. He took the stage at Lake Michigan College as Representative Fred Upton, a long-serving Republican from the area, faced the toughest race of his career. &gt;But Mr. Biden was not there to denounce Mr. Upton. Instead, he was collecting **$200,000** from the Economic Club of Southwestern Michigan to address a **Republican-leaning audience**, according to a speaking contract obtained by The New York Times and interviews with organizers. The group, a business-minded civic organization, is supported in part by an Upton family foundation. &gt;Mr. Biden stunned Democrats and elated Republicans by praising Mr. Upton while the lawmaker looked on from the audience. Alluding to Mr. Upton’s support for a landmark medical-research law, Mr. Biden called him a champion in the fight against cancer — and “one of the finest guys I’ve ever worked with.” &gt;Mr. Biden’s remarks, coming amid a wide-ranging discourse on American politics, quickly appeared in Republican advertising. **The local Democratic Party pleaded with Mr. Biden to repair what it saw as a damaging error, to no avail.** On Nov. 6, Mr. Upton defeated his Democratic challenger by four and a half percentage points. &gt;Mr. Biden’s appearance in Michigan plainly set his lucrative personal activities at odds with what some Democrats saw as his duty to the party, linking him with a civic group seen as tilting to the right and undermining Democrats’ effort to defeat Mr. Upton, a powerful lawmaker who in 2017 **helped craft a bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act.** &gt;Mr. Lester, the local Democratic chairman, said he strove to contain the damage. In an email to Mr. Biden’s staff, Mr. Lester **implored the former vice president to back Mr. Longjohn**: “Surely VP Biden did not intend to endorse Mr. Upton and slight the local Democratic candidate here,” he wrote. &gt;“There was **nothing but silence**,” Mr. Longjohn said. “We had just requested a phone call and there was no response.” [Link](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/23/us/politics/biden-speech-fred-upton.html) TLDR: Joe takes money from Republicans to support a Republican because they share a personal cause, ignores the Democrat, the Republican *narrowly* wins the seat during a crucial time, and the Republican goes on to attempt to kill the signature legislative success from the Obama Presidency that Biden was part of. If that's being liberal then I must be a communist. That kind of bipartisanship is too damn expensive.
&gt;[June 15, 2019. A senior Democrat on a congressional panel seeking President Donald Trump’s tax returns warned on Saturday that the current Congress may not see the long-sought tax documents without launching an impeachment inquiry.](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-congress-taxes/house-democrat-says-current-congress-may-not-see-trump-taxes-idUSKCN1TG0ME) &gt;Representative Lloyd Doggett, who sits on the House Ways and Means Committee, said Democrats, who control the House of Representatives, **were slow to request Trump’s tax returns from the Internal Revenue Service** and now need to push back forcefully against Trump’s refusal to turn over the returns. &gt;“Because this request was **delayed until April and no legal action has yet been filed to get the returns, it is certain we won’t get them this year and perhaps (will face) some challenge to even get them with favorable expedited rulings by the time this Congress ends**,” Doggett, who chairs the House Ways and Means health subcommittee, told CNN.
That giant neon sign saying "secret motive hidden here" might be indicating something. What could it be!? If only Sherlock Holmes were real....
"Not the brown children, naturally. My husband deals with them."
They fill fight to the death to make sure they all die.
"They're just economically anxious."
I share your frustration, but putting evil in charge in order to punish incompetence isn't a solution. You acknowledge that he'll run the country into the ground; when that happens people will be hurt. A *lot* of people. The war can't be given up now when more is at stake than ever before. Frankly all this looks like is one of those fake Liberal \#walkaways fabricated by right wingers.
It's literally in the article, 7th paragraph. &gt;“Assuming that for once Washington is telling the truth” about how far the U.S. drone was from Iran when it was downed, “it is still undeniable that Iran has the right to demand identification from any aircraft flying this near its territory,” H. Bruce Franklin, former Air Force navigator and intelligence officer, wrote on Facebook. **U.S. Air Defense Identification Zones extend 200 miles from the U.S. border. “Any unidentified drone” which flew that close to the U.S. “would most likely be shot down,” Franklin added.**
[Literally untrue](https://www.prwatch.org/news/2013/03/12019/james-o%E2%80%99keefe-pays-100k-settlement-after-deceiving-public-about-acorn-alec%E2%80%99s-help) &gt;James O'Keefe, the right-wing activist famous for his undercover and ethically questionable sting operations on prominent liberal organizations, has settled a lawsuit filed against him for $100,000 from a former ACORN employee. O'Keefe's misleading ACORN videos led to the collapse of the organization, which was hugely successful in registering minority and low income voters. Less well known is how the American Legislative Exchange Council helped in the larger campaign to take down ACORN. &gt;O'Keefe is paying the $100,000 to settle a lawsuit filed by Juan Carlos Vera, a former employee of ACORN (which stands for Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now). The lawsuit alleged that O'Keefe and his associate filmed Vera in the San Diego ACORN offices without his consent, a violation of California law, and portrayed him untruthfully. The video was later heavily edited and published on conservative mega-blog Breitbart.com, making it appear that Vera had conspired with O'Keefe to smuggle underage girls across the Mexican border, when in fact Vera had immediately contacted the police after O'Keefe left his office.
&gt;James O'Keefe, the right-wing activist famous for his undercover and ethically questionable sting operations on prominent liberal organizations, has settled a lawsuit filed against him for $100,000 from a former ACORN employee. O'Keefe's misleading ACORN videos led to the collapse of the organization, which was hugely successful in registering minority and low income voters. Less well known is how the American Legislative Exchange Council helped in the larger campaign to take down ACORN. &gt;O'Keefe is paying the $100,000 to settle a lawsuit filed by Juan Carlos Vera, a former employee of ACORN (which stands for Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now). The lawsuit alleged that O'Keefe and his associate filmed Vera in the San Diego ACORN offices without his consent, a violation of California law, and portrayed him untruthfully. The video was later heavily edited and published on conservative mega-blog Breitbart.com, making it appear that Vera had conspired with O'Keefe to smuggle underage girls across the Mexican border, when in fact Vera had immediately contacted the police after O'Keefe left his office. This bullshit was also "caught on hidden camera". Video evidence from a source known for doctoring that video is not trustworthy.
Always. They're funded by conservative special interests.
Apparently not even saying the correct thing will spare him from attack.
Demonstrated winners? The situation we're in right now is the result of unmitigated centrist failure for the past decade. Until you've recovered all the seats lost during that time you don't get to call anything a win. The failure to put a check on Republicans while unchecked tax cuts, deregulation, infrastructure decay, endless wars, erosion of social programs and statistics approaching 3rd world status is in your house too. The left gave you loyalty and got nothing in return. You're right, progressives don't get elected often. Much like with what unions have gone through they're been against the leadership of two parties, the majority of the media and the power brokers in the nation for the past half century. An almost impossible fight. But you've lost more than they ever could.
People wonder why they're pushing for this instead of discussing it during general debates. [Here's why:](https://grist.org/election-2016/climate-airtime-presidential-debate/) &gt;Five minutes and twenty-seven seconds were spent on climate change and other environmental issues in the three presidential debates, 2 percent of the total time — and that was pretty much all Hillary Clinton talking. (Surprise, surprise.) &gt;There wasn’t a single question on climate policy, and only one that directly related to energy — thank you, Ken Bone. &gt;How does that compare to debates in past years? We ran the numbers on the past five election cycles to find out. &gt;The high point for attention to green issues came in 2000, when Al Gore and George W. Bush spent just over 14 minutes talking about the environment over the course of three debates. The low point came in 2012, when climate change and other environmental issues got no time at all during the presidential debates. Some years, climate change came up during the vice presidential debates as well. &gt;2016 total: 1 minute, 22 seconds in the first presidential debate, and 4 minutes, 3 seconds in the second. Climate got just a split-second in the vice presidential debate. Clinton only name-dropped climate change once in the final debate, adding a whole two seconds to the grand total. &gt;2012: 0 minutes. &gt;2008: 5 minutes, 18 seconds in two presidential debates. An additional 5 minutes, 48 seconds in a vice presidential debate. &gt;2004: 5 minutes, 14 seconds in a single presidential debate. &gt;2000: 14 minutes, 3 seconds in three presidential debates. 5 minutes, 21 seconds in a vice presidential debate. &gt;In total, over the five election seasons we looked at, climate change and the environment got 37 minutes and 6 seconds on the prime-time stage during the presidential and vice presidential debates. That’s out of more than 1,500 minutes of debate. Not an impressive showing. &gt;A note about how we arrived at these times: &gt;We parsed questions asked of candidates and searched the transcripts for keywords like “climate,” “environment,” “energy,” and “warming.” We cross-referenced the transcripts with video of the debates. Only the mentions that pertained to fighting climate change, cleaning up the environment, and reducing emissions counted. President Obama’s passing reference to clean energy jobs in 2012 didn’t count, nor did discussions of energy security, because they were in the context of the economy and not fighting climate change. TLDR they're pushing for a special debate because: A) It's the biggest problem facing mankind and there literally is no time left to dawdle B) The topic is large and complex and doesn't fit well into a general debate C) In the last 20 years the topic has been essentially ignored Younger people who stand to suffer the worst are done waiting for "the right time".
I think I lost some brain cells trying to parse that second paragraph.
Jesus no. [Any serious security expert](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/11/blockchain-based-elections-would-be-a-disaster-for-democracy/) will tell you that's an absolutely *terrible* idea. [Obligatory xkcd.](https://xkcd.com/2030/)
We have a code 17. I repeat, we have a code 17. Unit 1586245687285 has discovered the truth. Dispatch cleansing team immediately, set tools for maximum erasure.
That's a really clever idea. Must make the animators jobs a lot easier.
What if I try it from multiple computers too? That should really speed things up!
Translation: they don't cater to me exclusively like Fox does, and this offends me.
They'll just change it again once it is no longer to their advantage.
Literally not what any person said, but don't let that stop you from dishonestly attacking people that are taking the impending collapse of the environment and human civilization seriously.
&gt;In total, [over the five election seasons we looked at](https://grist.org/election-2016/climate-airtime-presidential-debate/), climate change and the environment got 37 minutes and 6 seconds on the prime-time stage during the presidential and vice presidential debates. That’s out of more than 1,500 minutes of debate. The biggest problem facing humanity has had almost nonexistent debate coverage for two decades, and now scientists say we've run out of time to dawdle. Clearly it's the environmentalists that are being irrational with their insistence that such a serious issue get dedicated coverage. But hey, the topic got a whole 7 minutes this time. Wow!
This is completely false, the President is a very avid reader. Why just the other day I heard him comment on how he recently read a story about how the cow goes moo and the pig goes oink.
&gt;An Easy Fix: Just Rename It The Trump Iran Deal But just as Trump’s lack of interest in details and need to denigrate Obama has created this crisis, so might his simultaneous penchant for boasting of his supposed accomplishments offer a path to a solution, some of his critics believe. &gt;Trump campaigned on the claim that the North American Free Trade Agreement was unfair to the United States and promised to withdraw from it — notwithstanding legal questions regarding his ability to do so unilaterally. Yet following some minor modifications and the addition of provisions that had been in TPP, which was also disparaged by Trump, he now calls the modified agreement a great success. &gt;With the trade agreement with South Korea, Trump similarly calls the minor changes his administration negotiated a major accomplishment, and now praises the trade deal he once criticized as unfair to the United States. &gt;The “re-branding” of those trade agreements offers the perfect model for getting out of the Iran crisis, said former U.S. diplomat Brett Bruen, who served as director of global engagement in the Obama White House. &gt;“You tweak a couple of points in the deal, and even pay lip service to some of the things Trump’s complaining about like ballistic missiles, and everyone can re-sign the deal and move forward,” he said. “Fundamentally it’s about giving something to Trump to campaign on. If that’s the cost of peace, maybe it’s something they should be willing to consider.” &gt;Such a plan would likely win the support of other nations, the Western European diplomat said, because they do not want to see Iran back out of the agreement and start stockpiling uranium. \*bangs head* This timeline. This fucking timeline. I was about to write a joke that just renaming it after him might placate him like you would do for a child, but then I got to the part where the fucking world community thinks that's probably the solution too.
Sorry, Biden is a completely different case. 1) [He held a pro-war position as early as 1998](https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/inatl/longterm/iraq/stories/iraq111398a.htm), before the fake intel was released. 2) He was Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations during the run up to the war, his support gave Republicans cover and helped bulk up that public support you mention. 3) [The Chief UN Weapons Inspector at the time specifically called out Biden for being wrong](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/01/joe-bidens-history-making-wrong-call/332431/) &gt;Scott Ritter, the chief United Nations weapons inspector in Iraq prior to the invasion, probably wouldn't agree. In 2002, Ritter said "Sen. Joe Biden is running a sham hearing. It is clear that Biden and most of the Congressional leadership have pre-ordained a conclusion that seeks to remove Saddam Hussein from power regardless of the facts, and are using these hearings to provide political cover for a massive military attack on Iraq." He wasn't tricked, he was in favor of war in advance and willfully ignored the evidence that there were no WMD's. Edit: [There's also this tidbit](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/bidens-hawkish-record_b_214873) &gt;In addition to stacking his Senate committee’s hearings prior to the Iraq war vote with fabricators of WMD claims and supporters of a U.S. invasion, Biden often failed to use his platform to ask tough questions during confirmation hearings for many of the Bush administration’s more controversial nominees. For example, during John Negroponte’s three confirmation hearings Biden avoided any questions regarding the controversial official’s alleged support for right-wing death squads while ambassador to Honduras during the 1980s.
Remember how there has been a whole other election cycle since then, and after seeing what Trump had to offer after a mere two years they gave Dems one of the biggest single election seat grabs in history? And because of it your President whines on a daily basis on how much they're blocking his plans? Excellent times....
&gt;“The reason he has such good relationships with Republicans in the Senate is he never hesitates to put aside the highest priorities of his base in the interests of compromise,” the Republican operative said. Even Republicans admit he does this selling out to them shit.
Since you clearly didn't bother to read the article in your rush to defend him, this is in the words of [Ryan Grim](https://theintercept.com/2019/06/24/joe-biden-tax-cuts-mitch-mconnell/), the Intercept’s [D.C. Bureau Chief.](https://theintercept.com/staff/ryangrim/) And it is a only a small piece of the context inside of a story where he did exactly as described, to the frustration of high ranking Democrats who had McConnell backed into a corner. So yes, with all this context and evidence backing it and the quality of the journalist I believe I can trust it.
&gt;Asked how such a collapse could be avoided in the future, Ms. Jayapal said, “I am looking for a new pharmaceutical drug that builds spines.” Bingo. It's clear now the moral core of the government exists only in the left now. The right have fully embraced madmen and cheats in the pursuit of power, and the center has given up the fight because they're afraid of having to defend a record of being *against* the abuse of children in "detention" centers. Very dark times.
&gt;Bull. Fucking. Shit. They were like Jon Snow and knew nothing. The UN, who was handling the weapons inspections, said there were **no weapons**. The chief weapons inspector of the time called out Biden BY NAME for carrying out sham hearings to build up support for the war in the Foreign Relations committee. The people who voted for the war decided to ignore the warnings and acquiesced to the revenge lust of the public from 9/11. If you want to forgive the people that did that, that's up to you. I can understand that sentiment. But those people are still disqualified as leaders. They ignored warnings and bowed to public pressure to support a war. The consequences of that action are still felt today.
I'll throw some womps in with those prayers. No you know what? It's Friday, I feel generous. *Double* womps!
You and your [stupid show](https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/politics-news/morning-blow-how-joe-and-mika-became-trumps-lapdogs-90992/) helped [Trump get elected.](https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/opinion/trump-is-right-morning-joe-hosts-actively-boosted-his-candidacy) Whatever advice you have, Democrats should follow the opposite.
One could say he was risin' up to the challenge of his rival.
Do they even have clown cars on the lizardman planet? I'm impressed he's acquired that much cultural knowledge since immigrating here. May his sunning rocks forever be warm!
He is far left in the context of modern day US governments, which have shifted politically far to the right and [think the public is more right wing than it really is](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/51115737/t/study-politicians-think-voters-are-way-more-conservative-they-actually-are/). This is an anomaly and the people benefitting from the arrangement want you to think it's normal. He isn't far left in the context of US history.
You really need to be careful around those carnivorous hedges. Honestly there should be a warning sign.
Woah there, we do not practice physical punishment of children in this house!
If you know of a better way to chop up and blend a spoon into a smoothie I'd like to hear it.
Only after he cures cancer and invents the warp drive. Such a young go getter! /s
Sure, but that takes like 15+ minutes. I want spoon smoothie now damnit!
It's ketchup ice cream so it works.
Live long and prosper, as Gandalf used to say.
He never defined where "home" was. Checkmate, Liberals! /s
If you pair racing stripes with the red RGB you double your FPS, but then you need to use high octane electricity.
Fire and/or suffocation was one of my favorite strategies too, if possible pairing fire weapons with beaming over some fireproof rockmen. Burn, buuuuurn mwahahaha!
I spin up Evil Genius once in awhile. Used to play a heavily modded Star Trek: Bridge Commander too for some quickbattle fun, but sadly I can't get it to run on my current Windows install (been meaning to look into solutions for that). And even though it was just recently released I think AOE2 Definitive Edition counts.
Everyone knows Supply-Side Jesus™ was a lily-white American that was resurrected during President Trump's 20th year in office and time-traveled to the past to spread MAGA.
And all it cost was the lives of 4500 Americans, far more wounded, far far more Iraqi civilians killed, and trillions of dollars. All to take down a bad guy on the other side of the world that posed zero threat to you.
Absolutely, thank you for asking. The other guys not so much.
It's got what plants crave.
No robospider legs for you this time!
It only works out so long as noone tells you the odds. Alternate maneuvers that you could have tried were either spinning or listing lazily to the left.
Barr lowered the bar so much that he should be disbarred by the bar.
Soon, *soon*.
Less losses than Biden. In their respective previous primary runs Sanders came in second while Biden received a minuscule 0.22% of the vote.
It doesn't. When Trump says something contradictory the cult just switches to the current version of the Truth™, like a firmware update to a device. Contradiction with what was there previously is irrelevant as it has been overwritten.
I'll wager 400 quatloos on the newcomer.
No wifi either. Are we savages!?
If you know a better source of disgusting bone broth I'd like to hear it! They say it tastes better than ovaltine but....no.
This statement about the lie detector determining that it was a lie is also a lie. The lie detector exploded *long* ago from overwork. They just weren't built to handle this kind of load.
The problem with this is that you've bought into a revisionist history designed to shield the actions of candidates that participated in promoting that disastrous war which is still having negative ramifications today. A Senator that voted exclusively on the bad WH intel could be forgiven, but Bidens involvement went *far* beyond that: -If the bad intel is the excuse for his support, then unfortunately he supported deposing Saddam for [5 years before that fake intel dropped.](https://theintercept.com/2020/01/07/joe-biden-iraq-war-history/) -He ignored both the US intelligence agencies and the [UN weapons inspectors that were saying there was no evidence of WMD's.](https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/01/joe-bidens-history-making-wrong-call/332431/) The Chief UN Weapons Inspector for Iraq at the time called out Biden *by name* for building a false pro-war narrative. -With his authority as chair of the Foreign Relations committee [he ran bullshit hearings](https://progressive.org/dispatches/the-other-reason-biden-shouldnt-run-Zunes-190402/) that only invited pro-war voices to testify. -He was the biggest Democratic cheerleader for the war [both in government and in the media.](https://www.commondreams.org/views/2019/07/09/joe-biden-didnt-just-vote-iraq-invasion-he-helped-lead-march-war) -He even had a [dedicated phone line](https://www.jacobinmag.com/2019/07/joe-biden-iraq-war-hawk-presidential-candidate) installed in his home to coordinate promotion of the war with the White House. Mistakes can be forgiven. Willful ignorance not so much.
The standard that the [23 Senators and 133 House Members](https://www.thoughtco.com/2002-iraq-war-vote-3325446) used to vote no.
[23 Senators and 133 House Members did not.](https://www.thoughtco.com/2002-iraq-war-vote-3325446) The UN did not. France and Canada did not. There were *huge* protests. There's a deeper list on [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opposition_to_the_Iraq_War#Popular_opposition).
Sure, but then I wouldn't be supporting a grifter and certified crazy person.
[Sadly not necessarily.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyGq6cjcc3Q)
But does that include the [Super Male Vitality™?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyGq6cjcc3Q)
What happens to the US if it follows South Korea or Taiwans lead and has similar over-spending issues? The US still ends up saving a shitload of money. Both those nations could go 150% over budget and still spend less than the US does per person, and for far superior coverage. That is a fantastic "problem" to import. Health spending per capita: USA: 9870 Taiwan: 3047 South Korea: 2044
Then you weren't paying attention. The left has had a problem with the media in the US for awhile. Continual corporate buyouts and consolidations over the years have lead to media oligopolies. The loss of traditional funding models like selling newspapers has led to reductions in journalism spending and a focus on "shiny objects" stories. And the problems with right-wing media brainwashing 1/3 of the populace into living in an alternate reality speaks for itself. This long simmering problem has simply been overshadowed by the far more obvious Trump problem.
Or you get your news from a wide variety of far-right news sources, so even a centrist org like CNN appears to be left to you.
I don't know where you get your delusions laserbrain.
Because when it comes to Wall Street she knows more about how they operate and how to tackle them. I prefer Sanders but I acknowledge that she has more experience in this particular area.
Napolitano is a pretty straight shooter when it comes to legal matters. And of course Trump hates him now.
I'm confused, is the Morlock supposed to be in the top picture or the bottom? I don't see a difference.
And yells at clouds, as was the style at the time.
The camera adds 30-40 years.
Sorry son, the phone wasn't recording. Let's roll it again!
Roilin' rollin' rollin' To cap the flag we're goin' Keep those droids rollin', online ♫
"I haven't had my muffin yet, Matt!"
It's quite simple once you drill through their bullshit. What they really mean: A Democrat can be impeached without committing a crime. A Republican can't, ever.
Supermarket, aisle 3. Be warned the store staff do not look kindly on "testing" the product in-store before you buy. Customer service is a lost art.
Seems like "Vote Blue No Matter Who" only applies if it's a centrist/neolib. I guess that confirms the theory that it's just a strategy designed to protect neolib candidates from legitimate criticism for their checkered histories.
Likely true, there was a not insignificant number of Republicans last time that were [willing to vote for Sanders.](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/11/the-lifelong-conservatives-who-love-bernie-sanders/417441/) Not because they're progressive of course, but because there is still a streak in the nation of thinking government doesn't work for the people and wanting someone to come into the office willing to shake things up instead of just offering small tweaks. Just hopefully the winner this time it isn't a lying grifting mega asshole.
Even if you hate the guy you have to admit that's a great answer.
I'd ask for someone to put a mirror in front of him to show him who stated they cared about the budget when not President, but then I'd be afraid he has no reflection.
The Conservative Deficit Hawks™ are in their seasonal hibernation cycle. The timing for their awakening miraculously coincides with any time the Democrats seize the balance of power. Isn't nature amazing?
Yup.
Nuke it from orbit, it's the only way to be sure.
How do I provide a source to disprove a personal opinion? She hasn't provided any evidence regarding other peoples personal feelings towards Sanders, nor has anyone else expressed similar sentiments publicly. [The rest of her attack is demonstrably wrong.](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/01/hillary-clinton-bernie-sanders-attack-hollywood-reporter-fact-check.html)
Completely false, [as per politifact](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/24/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-was-roll-call-amendment-king-1995-2/): &gt;Volden and Vanderbilt University’s Alan Wiseman assess the legislative effectiveness of House members by comparing their records to a benchmark. According to this analysis, Sanders has either met or exceeded expectations during his tenure in the House.
He came in second in his last primary. In Biden's last primary he had a minuscule 0.25% of the vote but is a front runner this time around. Clinton went from losing her primary to Obama to winning it against Sanders. Past losses aren't really relevant.
Right now we could play IMAX movies on the moon.
&gt;A reduction in the amount of money spent is the most obvious and intended effect of a budget freeze. [Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Budget_freeze)
If you're seeking honesty, Biden was pushing for a war with Iraq to depose Saddam[ long before 9/11](https://theintercept.com/2020/01/07/joe-biden-iraq-war-history/). He used his power as the chair of the foreign relations committee at the time to block testimony from anti-war voices in the lead up to the war, to the point that the UN called him out by name for building a bullshit case for invasion. If you honestly look at all the shit he pulled beyond a simple vote it looks [really bad.](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/10/15/20849072/joe-biden-iraq-history-democrats-election-2020) The country was indeed in a weird place, but 156 congress members still found the strength to vote no, so it wasn't so far gone that politicians can be excused for bad decisions.
Like the time Biden struck a "deal" with McConnell where he sabotaged his own parties efforts to extract concessions on a big budget/tax bill, and just gave McConnell everything he wanted? &gt;Reid felt like he had successfully pushed McConnell to the brink, buoyed by House Speaker John Boehner’s inability to get his unruly conference to agree to anything. It was now Sunday, December 30, and Democrats only had to hold out until Tuesday to find themselves in a dramatically improved political position, as the dawning of the new year would mean the tax cuts expired and automatically reverted to pre-Bush levels. At that point, it would be Republicans left pleading for rate cuts. &gt;In desperation, McConnell reached out directly to Biden, calling him on the phone and explaining that Reid was refusing to be reasonable. Over the course of the day, McConnell and Biden struck a deal. “Biden gave Republicans everything they wanted in exchange for fixing the fiscal cliff problem,” the GOP operative recalled. &gt;Biden, who served in the Senate from 1973 to 2009, and as vice president from 2009 until 2017, is now locked in his third Democratic primary contest for the presidential nomination. “The reason he has such good relationships with Republicans in the Senate is he **never hesitates to put aside the highest priorities of his base** in the interests of compromise,” the Republican operative said. “That’s also how you make life difficult in a primary.” &gt;As details of the deal began leaking out, progressive Democratic senators were floored. A large group of them — including Sanders, Sens. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Jeff Merkley of Oregon, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, Al Franken of Minnesota, and Tom Harkin of Iowa — stormed over to Reid’s office. &gt;The deal was awful, they told Reid, and it had to be stopped. Reid told them what had happened, that it was out of his hands and that McConnell had gone around him to Biden. He said he was working on improving it and would be in touch throughout the day. &gt;Years later, Reid still regrets how it went down. “If we’d have gone over the cliff, we’d have had resources to do a lot of good things in the country — infrastructure development — but it didn’t work out that way,” Reid said. Letting all the tax rates go back to pre-Bush levels would have yielded the Treasury around $3 trillion over 10 years. Instead, the deal ultimately brought in around $600 billion (or would have, if taxes hadn’t been slashed again by Republicans in 2018). Without the deal, taxes on dividend payments to the rich would have been set at 39.6 percent. Under the terms of the deal, they would be set at 20 percent, meaning that the super-wealthy would be paying lower tax rates on their passive dividend income than some working people would pay on their salaries. &gt;I asked Reid how Biden defended the strategy that day. &gt;“It wasn’t one that I agreed with,” he replied politely, “so you’d have to ask some of his people.” [https://theintercept.com/2019/06/24/joe-biden-tax-cuts-mitch-mconnell/](https://theintercept.com/2019/06/24/joe-biden-tax-cuts-mitch-mconnell/) I'm sure McConnell returned the favor later on. And hamburgers eat people.
Inside the skull cavity there's an IOU note from God.
It's nothing compared to Trumps personal Vietnam of avoiding STD's.
[GOP ad:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vey7GKNpl4Q) "Adam Schiff says a President is a King. Adam Schiff even allowed Donald Trump to become President, a man found to be engaging in corruption and other unethical activities throughout his life. Can you trust a man like Adam Schiff? Vote Donald Trump for President."
The thing is this is just your personal theory. All of his public statements say the exact opposite and the actions in his long political history backs that up. I certainly hope you are correct should he become President, but it's just a guess. And quite frankly the GOP does not care if stonewalling makes them look bad. They did it to Democrats for 6 years and were "punished" with more and more power.
Sure it is. She's supposed to be an example of an successful politician that gets along with her caucus. If her success record in the Senate is similar to Sanders then they're either they're both successful or her definition of success is flawed. When someone [studies the record](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/24/bernie-s/bernie-sanders-was-roll-call-amendment-king-1995-2/) they find no problem with his performance: &gt;From 1995 to 2007, Sanders passed 17 amendments by a recorded roll call vote — more than any other member in the House. &gt;In comparison, Hillary Clinton passed zero roll call amendments during her tenure as a senator from New York from 2001-09. &gt;During his 25 years in Congress, Sanders introduced 324 bills, three of which became law. This includes a bill in a Republican Congress naming a post office in Vermont and two more while Democrats had control (one naming another Vermont post office and another increasing veterans’ disability compensation). Clinton, for the record, also passed three bills in eight years. &gt;The sparse number of bills isn’t surprising. Volden and Vanderbilt University’s Alan Wiseman assess the legislative effectiveness of House members by comparing their records to a benchmark. According to this analysis, **Sanders has either met or exceeded expectations** during his tenure in the House &gt;Lawmakers who belong to the party in control are five times more likely to have their bills go anywhere than minority party members, according to Volden. So Sanders’ legislative approach may seem like fixating on small potatoes, but for an independent who caucuses with the minority party, it’s a smart strategy. &gt;"He could have either resigned himself to that fate, changed the nature of his legislation and coalition-building strategy, or offered amendments on the floor," Volden said. "He chose the third of these paths, making him more influential in shaping policy than if he had taken the first path. Why he did not take the second path is an open question — likely linked to his ideological views."
If you don't have a study to back up your claim like I do maybe it's best to just not respond, it looks less foolish than accusing everything that disagrees with you of being a "fallacy".
Since Clinton is the one that made the claim it has everything to do with it. Context doesn't stop being important when it runs counter to your opinion. Since you appear to be using a different benchmark to measure his success you should name it, because right now the context is Clinton who started this argument. &gt;Can you point to anything he's done that indicates he has the skills to move a progressive agenda forward? Since he's never had the influence that comes with being President the question is inherently flawed. You can't prove any candidate will be successful at a job they've never had. Can you prove Biden will be able to pass legislation with Republican opposition hellbent on blocking everything a Democrat wants to do?
From the link: &gt;Volden and Vanderbilt University’s Alan Wiseman assess the legislative effectiveness of House members by comparing their records to a benchmark. According to this analysis, Sanders has **either met or exceeded expectations** during his tenure in the House
Those Bernie supporters that voted Trump were **Independents or Republicans.** They are part of the group of voters so sick of the way government functions that they wanted a candidate that promised they would kick over the table and change things. In the 2016 election that was Sanders or Trump. You should be outraged at *yourself* for attacking the successful attraction of voters from outside the party, the thing that is supposed to be the big reason to have a moderate candidate.
Did you not get the memo? Some areas have slowdowns in mail delivery because of winter storms so that could be why.
*To be fair*, he did have his own 99 in the form of Mini Me. \*salute*
Also blasters will get a slight nerf as lasers curve now for some stupid reason, requiring a higher accuracy stat to use. To compensate for that characters will get a new "Yo Mama" taunt skill that will temporarily prevent the enemy from acting.
It's amazing that someone can see a candidate successfully convincing racists to vote for someone that has fought racism all his life, and somehow twist it into a bad thing. You prefer these people to vote in Republicans who will oppress minorities? That's dumb.
Whatever subjective similarities you believe exist pale in comparison to the far more important differences between the two.
Let's say everything you said is completely true. It isn't, but let's play devils advocate. If that "transphobe hack" uses their influence to "court like-minded assholes" into voting *against* the candidate which embodies those negative qualities (Trump), and instead convinces them to look into someone who holds the positive opposite values, how is that *bad*? It's like complaining Fox viewers were exposed to non-Fox ideology and were convinced to vote for a Democrat. What a wonderful problem to have.
Bribing politicians has been found to be depressingly cheap.
Waiting on step 2 please. For a friend. /*cough*
The only reason they had so much power is that they were overwhelmingly the largest population group for decades. That changed only last year. Voting patterns in younger gens already increased, and you can expect it to happen more now that the vote actually has a chance of making a difference.
Millenials were projected to outnumber Boomers starting in 2019. That is the first time Boomers have been outnumbered in a very long time.
"Ok sure, we impeached Clinton on a bullshit witch hunt. But it isn't fair if you do it back to us when you catch us red handed doing something truly illegal and unethical. Think of the *unity*."
.....whoah. /Keanu
Good human.
"On a scale of 1 to 10 Garfields...."
That's some Grade A snuggling right there.
Sadly because it leads to a permanent Republican advantage to be assholes and get away with it. I don't want Democrats to lower their standards either.
"I MUST FEED!"
Because he is not a witness to the events in the charges of impeachment. The trial is about the actions of the current administration, not the former. If Republicans and the DOJ want to investigate him they may do so, but it is a separate matter. Just try to not break the law by bribing foreign officials to gain personal political advantage over an election rival when doing it. A second time I mean. Meanwhile the Republicans will do everything in their power to ensure NOBODY testifies, I wonder why?
More common than you'd think. I saw the same mistake all the time when people talked about the Rogue Leader games on GameCube back in the day.
I actually heard the music from that scene playing in my head while I watched it.
"Mein Kampf" doesn't count Jared.
Good, *goooood.*
Uncanny Valley sensation: "Hello there!"
The saddest thing might be that for a brief moment things looked good in BFV following the release of the Pacific theatre. **Long** awaited content that people desperately wanted was dropping, the gunplay was in a good place, people were happy. The game had positive momentum for the first time. Then they messed it up with a totally unforced error. *Again.* An error that they are now backing off of (partially). *Again.*
I expect every cent of spending and every single individual job impact mapped out years in advance before I'll consider a new social program! Now if you'll excuse me I need to put in a new purchase order for some tanks [that the military can't even use.](https://www.military.com/daily-news/2015/01/28/pentagon-tells-congress-to-stop-buying-equipment-it-doesnt-need.html)
Certainly he can take it back. That doesn't entail automatic forgiveness.
..............witch! Get em!
There is an element of luck involved with multiple things coming together at the same time to let him squeak through, but the foundations for this were laid long ago. When Nixon was impeached Republicans took measures to prevent it from happening again. The creation of Fox is an example, documents were found that showed it was created exclusively to insulate future Republicans and the base from the pesky media. The strategy has paid dividends.
It does get quite a bit better as it has a *notoriously* slow start, but frankly there are far better games to play both within the franchise and elsewhere that don't drip feed you gameplay for 10 damn hours. Matter of opinion of course.
But sadly the points do matter.
They also knew that it was an international effort to get rid of the guy, not just a Biden thing. Now they pretend not to know because to admit otherwise screws up their narrative.
Here's the rub. That could have happened at any time, and it didn't. They don't need Democrats to initiate a proper, lawful probe. Same with that promise by Trump to do a special investigation into Hillary once he became President. Republicans also had the votes to summon Biden to the impeachment trial and they didn't, despite claiming they wanted him there. Why? Because it's all a show. But more importantly because it's a useful distraction. They want you talking about a Biden investigation because while you do that you aren't talking about Trump. Look at yourself right now, while an *impeachment of a President* is going on you are talking about someone who isn't even in office right now. Forget your comment about "holding two thoughts", the fact that there is any distraction at all means it is already a success. And besides all that, the Biden thing is a nothingburger. *Republicans* supported him ousting that guy. The international community did too. Anything else that might be sketchy is at a far lower level of concern than the shit currently going on.
When fucking Bolton of all people thinks your foreign policy is too extreme...
Centrists: "Democrats need to reach out to conservatives...." Bernie does it, and without sacrificing any of his personal positions like politicians usually do. Centrists: "Not like that!"
Because it's more useful to blame Sanders for the 2016 loss when the Republicans he courted went back to their natural party when he lost the primary, rather than lament the inability of the DNC to hold on to them for the general.
Fucking hell, they're really dredging up the old "he'll grow into the role" excuse this late in the game? I guess no corpse is buried too deep for the GOP to find.
So what you're telling me is to sell babies? Seems unconventional but I'm willing to try.
Wait, so *"Anger over unjust killings is 100% justified and I don't think there's enough of it yet"*, but if there's a way to possibly identify these assholes before they unjustly kill *more* people it isn't worth your time or attention? Seems pretty contradictory.
This seems like one of those "warning signs of a stroke" things.
To be fair he may have used one at some point to hold down a piece of paper, or maybe swat a fly. Wait no those are physical actions, he has people do that stuff for him. Carry on.
No you're right, it could have been one of those tactical assault umbrellas that terrorists are known to use. The edges on those things can slice your head off man. 🙄
&gt;But you don't know what the person with the umbrella was doing prior right? But we do actually know what they were doing since there are multiple videos from different angles capturing the attack and showing longer periods before the mace started flying. Like this one for example which shows more than a minute and a half of protesters doing nothing to deserve being sprayed. [https://twitter.com/claireyazza/status/1267686178251104257](https://twitter.com/claireyazza/status/1267686178251104257) Being such a fact based individual I'm sure you were already aware of this though, right? &gt;What if the person was throwing things at police or spitting on them and hiding behind the umbrella. Closeup videos showed they did none of those things. A fact based person such as yourself would wait for clear evidence of such attack behaviour before proposing it happened. The umbrellas were being used to shield themselves from the mace canisters being threateningly pointed at them. &gt;Then absolutely take the umbrella and spray her. *Fuck* no. What the hell is wrong with you? Using a chemical weapon on unarmed protesters because they spit on you (again no evidence this happened) while you're wearing full body armor? That's insane. They're supposed to *de*-escalate. &gt;Why is it so wrong to ask for clear evidence? We have crystal clear evidence, at this point I've seen a half dozen videos of different perspectives and lengths of time that all tell the same story. You're either lazy and not bothering to look or you're rejecting it all because it doesn't tell the story that you want it to. &gt;The possible wrong ID of the cop who you guys thought maced the girl. How does this not make you guys take pause and re-evaluate what you're doing? Dunno. [The police claimed fireworks were thrown at them](https://twitter.com/izaacmellow/status/1267679820600668161?s=21) as one of the reasons that caused this retaliation, and that absolutely did not happen as shown by the videos. Are you going to re-evaluate what *they're* doing?
Way to go Typhoid Moron.
As an Antifa Lieutenant 3rd class in the 2nd Antifa Division I can confirm this. Also we brought punch and pie.
The only evidence of people that fell for it are Conservatives.
In my defense it was socialist flavored, my favorite.
Of course he can read. Just the other day he regaled an audience with a story about an intelligence report he read that explained how the cow goes "moo" and the pig goes "oink". Ok sure he needed help with the bigger words containing 5 or more letters, but it happens to the best of us.
Because the fire damage was minor and contained to the basement? If he's not there to see the damage then it just confirms it was a waste of time. The more important question is why they gassed protesters and the priests to do it.
To be fair if you open Trumps copy of the bible you'll probably find the inside hollowed out and containing food. Not alcohol mind you since he apparently doesn't drink. Probably a diet coke, or maybe an emergency cheeseburger.
To you showing strength is walking across the street to take a 30 second photo op with an upside down bible after gassing peaceful protesters and the church priests to clear the way? Yikes.
Now hold on, in your previous post you admitted the umbrellas were brought up to block the mace but now you claim it was a combative action. Pointing mace at someone is a combative action, raising an umbrella to protect yourself from mace is purely a *defensive* action. &gt;A mob of humans whose combative actions go unchallenged continues to ramp things up until people die. By your own standards the police are at fault here as they were the first to use weapons, they pointed the mace which "ramped things up". The protestors "challenged that combative action" by raising their umbrellas. If some asshole ever walks up to you on the street and points mace at your face I damn well guarantee you will cover your face in response. Are you provoking them by doing that? Of course not.
It's really weird how you admit all those terrible things are going on with the police side but reserve the chastising for the person who let an umbrella slip over a small fence by 2 inches when mace started being pointed at them.
So you're indirectly confirming that the current violence from the police and federal agencies is bad enough to justify arming citizens to defend themselves as per the 2nd? Thanks?
It's his method of conserving his precious finite life energy that gets [burned up with exercise.](https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2017/5/9/15590962/donald-trump-thinks-exercise-will-kill-you)
I am 73% certain he's carrying fancy mustard in his pocket. The monster.
Ok sure, but can you prove that there isn't a [secret pedophile colony on Mars?](https://www.theregister.com/2017/06/30/nasa_denies_child_colony_on_mars/) Checkmate, Liberals. /s
Nothing.
Utter nonsense. It was *clearly* the Rand coporation, in conjunction with the saucer people and under the supervision of the reverse vampires.
Right wing military cosplayers apparently like to cosplay as the left wing as well.
If the cheque doesn't arrive within the next two weeks then call Karen in accounting, there's been some unfortunate glitches in the Sorosbux™ payroll system lately.
By chance did any ancient civilization predict doomsday happening in 2020? Cause the way things are going this year....
When they're used to working without consequences I suppose they don't expect that to change.
He has supporters that *literally* think the man [has been sent by God,](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/trump-twitter-obama-jesus-christmas-god-tweets-a9262151.html), despite him being a living embodiment of the seven sins. It takes very little to fool these people.
[Here's CNN mentioning David Dorn](https://www.cnn.com/us/live-news/george-floyd-protests-06-02-20/index.html) &gt;On Monday night, a retired police captain in St. Louis, Missouri, was killed in a looting incident, said the St. Louis Police Department. &gt;David Dorn had been killed while responding to an alarm at a pawnshop, said the department in a press conference on Tuesday. &gt;"Throughout the night, we made 25 arrests for various charges. And then there were 55 businesses and counting that were burglarized and had property damage," said an official at the press conference. &gt;"One of those businesses had one of our retired captains, retired captain David Dorn, who retired after 38 years. During the looting process, David Dorn was exercising law enforcement that he learned here." &gt;President Donald Trump tweeted about the incident, paying his respects to Dorn. &gt;"Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn, a Great Police Captain from St. Louis, who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night. We honor our police officers, perhaps more than ever before. Thank you!" he tweeted.
Did this authors behind this "different article" also get caught up in the [organized right wing pretending to be Antifa in order to promote violence?](https://thehill.com/policy/technology/500608-twitter-takes-down-fake-antifa-account-linked-to-white-nationalist-group) Because that *actually* happened. I'd love to see this source of yours.
Take your damn upvote and go.
Why not ask the police that have used tear gas and rubber bullets in multiple instances against protesters that were not throwing bricks or looting stores?
So basically the ideal GOP President.
"Nobodies ordered the forceful removal of priests from church property to get a photo op like I have!"
&gt;Everyone is the 2a folks. If you think its time for them to step up then its time for you to step up too . &gt;Bitching about gun owners not fighting against the government right now indicates that you think this is an appropriate time for them to be fighting the government. So by your own definitions of what "stepping up" is, you think people need to start attacking the police with firearms?
Looters aren't part of the movement, they're seperate opportunistic leeches acting as an impediment to the movement.
The Bishop is a woman, Mother would never let Mike get involved with another woman.
My Antifa toaster burned my toast this morning! -Some conservative somewhere.
*Phew!* Crisis over folks, he got tricked by the decoy and didn't find the real Antifa headquarters containing the weather dominator. Go back to your posts, the Master Plan continues as scheduled.
I thought by now I was desensitized to how much of an asshole Trump is, but he still finds new ways to surprise me. Wtf.....just wtf man.
Now that's just crazy. What you *actually* want to do is whip up a tasty Purell Smoothie....
And what does that say about the people that *lost* to a high school drama teacher? Also 2015 called, it wants its insults back.
They're right there was a siege, unfortunately it came from the police side not the protesters. But this is only the 17th version of the story that they've told so maybe they'll get it right on the 18th version.
Are you referring to the clearly unstable childhood that turned him into a [lying opportunistic grifter that goes around antagonizing people, hoping to spark a negative response that will draw in clicks](https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/culture-features/andy-ngo-right-wing-troll-antifa-877914/)? Agreed.
Hell with this topic they'll have to edit it down to every third word and craft entirely new sentences out of what's left.
So "he's leading", yet he also needs to take command of the situation? You only get to pick one.
News flash, if you remove the public from the places he wants to go to that's still a form of hiding.
&gt;So are we to silence everyone that disagrees? &gt;Anyone is allowed to write an opinion piece and it's up to the editors to decide who or what to publish. These are contradictory. If it's up to the editors to decide what to publish then your complaint about silencing has no merit. They aren't being silenced, editors are exercising their right to choose content. If you think all content should be published to provide dissenting opinions then the publishers *don't* get to decide what to publish. Pick one.
Threats of violence are typically not considered a "disagreement".
&gt;At what point do his followers say, "hey, maybe he is an issue." [Trump voter: I'd believe President over Jesus](https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/11/20/voter-panel-trump-supporter-camerota-sot-newday.cnn) This obviously is only one person and doesn't apply to every Trump supporter, but the point stands that the core base is so locked in that it doesn't matter what he does or who speaks out against him. We have 110k+ people dead from a botched pandemic response, unemployment levels unseen since the great depression because of that botched response, and race riots not seen in half a century all going on simultaneously. This would be enough to kill any other Presidency yet his base hasn't budged an inch.
Now to be fair they did hold back, they didn't even ~~steal~~ use civil forfeiture to take the cash out of his wallet as evidence. Frankly the old man owes them an apology! /s, but I bet some asshole somewhere has *actually* said this
And yet after all this time you "somehow" still haven't noticed the completely innocent folks that are being injured or killed despite *not* breaking the law or *not* resisting arrest, which is the one of the causes of the protests.
Known liar disagrees with other known liars lie with his own lie. News at 11.
How about you make an argument to support the premise before demanding others take the time out of their own days to do the same against it? Yeah Breitbart is a shit source, and because of that most people here won't even click the link to read the "article" because they don't want to give the site the positive traffic. If you want discussion maybe next time don't propose the sewer as a meeting place and then feign outrage when noone shows up.
Someone who hadn't had their morning caffeine yet.
♫ The wheels on the Trump bus go \*thunk* \*thunk* \*thunk* ♫
Oh yes that sounds very real and rational and certainly isn't conspiracy nonsense. It is very understandable why this person that most certainly exists would choose to go through all this very real effort to lie to a definitely real pollster to protect themselves from their very real liberal coworkers, instead of doing something unbelievable like **just hanging up the phone.** Can't wait for chapter 2 of the story!
Ah, but what if a supplier quotes them $10 million to replace the copper wire? The free market prevails! Take that leftists. /s
Sounds like parents giving up on replacing a babies diapers. There's always more crap coming.
If it was a story about Trump it would be about a hollow cavity in his skull with an IOU note from God (or the other guy).
That can't be true, Trump supporters assured me that he [fixed the North Korea problem](https://www.rferl.org/a/us-trump-claims-has-largely-solved-north-korean-nuclear-crisis/29292309.html) like no other President could because he's a dealmaker and was willing to reach out to them. Anyone that predicted failure was just a hypocritical Liberal warmonger. *Clearly* this is a hoax. Also something something Hillary something WW3 etc.
Oh so *that's* where you slide in the ice cubes.
So to clarify, now someone has to name a Republican politician that was in a white supremacist group but *wasn't* denounced by Trump and must also be recent enough to not be considered "living in the past" if brought up. Could you just save everyone's time and say where the final position of the goal posts will be? &gt;Everybody disavows kkk. So a Democrat disavowing the KKK doesn't count, but Trump disavowing Duke *does* count? Do you work for a moving company? Because damn, those goal posts do get around.
I swear it's like watching a lizard person pretending to be a human. The skin suit certainly makes them *look* human, but the behaviour is always alien.
&gt;Federal institutions such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense have **listed tear gas as the common term for riot-control agents.** Whether the common or formal term is used, the effects on people are the same. &gt;The Handbook of Toxicology of Chemical Warfare Agents also uses tear gas as an informal umbrella term for riot-control agents and **cites pepper spray as one kind.** [Source](https://www.startribune.com/ap-fact-check-trump-denies-tear-gas-use-despite-evidence/571000942/) But please, do continue arguing utterly minor semantics in an attempt to deflect the conversation away from Trump goons attacking priests for a photo op. I'm sure you know more than the CDC or the US Army about weaponized chemical irritants. Frankly it's a shame they haven't hired someone like you by now to set the record straight.
Hokes awn fonix wurked four mi.
Sir this is a Wendy's
Of course it's fake, there's too few typos.
Fake news, it has long been known that the Lizardmen of Omicron Persei 8 possess advanced regeneration abilities that gives them far longer lives than a mere 49 years. Also much like some Earth lizards they can regenerate limbs, though they unfortunately can not regrow spines so Mr. Cruz is out of luck there.
Nothing says tough guy like a man that \*checks notes* stands by and watches as his wife and father are repeatedly insulted and humiliated by the President that he has chosen to psychically fellate in order to hold on to a meager measure of political power.
Agreed, he works hard to provide his family with shelter and sunning rocks just like the rest of us.
And should the first two measures fail we've put security around the area where the remainder trickles down to keep out the poors. Security guards, electric fence, dogs, we spared no expense! So long as the spending wasn't on poor people I mean.
\*Salute*
Wait, so &gt;being cooped up inside all day is just going to increase your chances of getting sick but also &gt;Lockdowns don’t do anything except prolong the inevitable That seems pretty contradictory. How are you prolonging the inevitable by *increasing* your chances to get sick? Could you just admit you have no idea what you're talking about?
This seasons Flashpoint is strangely low-key.
I just checked, Typhoid Mary is both a person and a term but *not* a type of job. Sorry.
One cannot rule out the Liberals working for Big Gravity™ being involved in this to smear President Trump. A very educational Facebook post I read says the laws of physics temporarily changed to make the fall worse than it should have been. And clearly noone lies on Facebook.
**I** certainly have seen no evidence that they do not possess a time machine. It's *very* suspicious that they refuse to deny having invented a flux capacitor.
Backed up by the Gravy Seals.
&gt;"Socialism" is a boogeyman that can mean....really whatever they want it to. My socialist toaster burned my toast this morning.
The socialist district, yes.
People were *absolutely* [complaining](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUdHIatS36A) about the police having too many armored tactical vehicles, among other weapons. And that criticism came from both the [left](https://www.aclu.org/issues/criminal-law-reform/reforming-police/police-militarization) and the [right](https://www.charleskochinstitute.org/issue-areas/criminal-justice-policing-reform/militarization-of-police/). That's why the EO was passed during the Obama era. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Militarization_of_police) has many links to articles and studies talking about how it is a problem. &gt;In late 2014, concerns about the militarization of police arose after the shooting of Michael Brown occurred on August 9, 2014, in Ferguson, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. The display of military gear by area police agencies dealing with the protests received significant criticism from the media and politicians. There were concerns over insensitivity, tactics and a militarized response. In recent years, the use of military equipment and tactics for community policing and for public order policing has become more widespread. Lawmakers have begun to discuss the topic. Research has shown that [the more militarized a police force is the more violent incidents with them go up.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2017/06/30/does-military-equipment-lead-police-officers-to-be-more-violent-we-did-the-research/) And it [isn't shown](https://www.pnas.org/content/115/37/9181) to reduce harm to police or reduce crime.
Those 33% were told no gas/irritants were used and only smoke was deployed (false), that the protestors were violent (false), that they refused orders to vacate (false), and that they initiated the attack (false). So to these viewers Trump was entirely justified. And yes, some of these supporters know what actually happened and don't care. When they say ["He isn't hurting the people he needs to be hurting"](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2019/1/8/18173678/trump-shutdown-voter-florida), these are the people they want to see get hurt.
"I'd like to take a moment to talk about Raid Shadow Legends"
"I made you, and I can unmake you."
Jfc, the man can even make protecting yourself from a pandemic about him. He's so damned thin skinned it's a miracle all his organs haven't fallen out.
It's definitely among the lowest, but there is no bottom to this ride.
Could also be deep in thought trying to decide if the next litterbox deposit should instead be left in this persons shoe or under their bed covers.
Talk to Kathy in accounting, they were having some issues in payroll with the latest update to the Sorosbux™ system.
"*Give* a man a fish and he can eat for a day. *Teach* a man to take out a predatory loan from you to buy his food with and he'll pay for your fish for a lifetime."
&gt;Can we stop fact-checking jokes, slogans, memes and dunkings? Sure, if we can also get back to having a normal President that doesn't spend half their day on jokes, slogans, memes and dunkings. Thanks.
Unfortunately protecting people *isn't* the job of the police. [Justices Rule Police Do Not Have a Constitutional Duty to Protect Someone](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/28/politics/justices-rule-police-do-not-have-a-constitutional-duty-to-protect.html)
Make Afflictions Great Again
Wait, so they're giving up a convenient excuse that they could place some blame for the low turnout? Trump *loves* convenient excuses, he must really be flailing right now.
Insanity now!
Don't forget complaining about how fair they are regardless if he wins or not.
Political bribery has proven to be surprisingly and depressingly cheap (relatively speaking).
Yup. High enough to be outside the means of an average person, but to someone truly wealthy it can cost them mere pennies on the dollar (if not less) and can have some potentially massive returns on investment. If you put the ethics part aside I can completely understand why they do it.
When this is all over and these ~~people~~ parasites are finally removed there damn well better be some convictions for criminal negligence.
Are you trying to tell me the man who thinks [you need ID to buy groceries](https://www.cnn.com/2019/10/14/politics/fact-check-trump-groceries-id-voter-fraud/index.html) *doesn't* know what life is like for regular people? Because if you are....you're absolutely right.
Literally none of this is correct. It's almost impressive. &gt;He already stated that Republicans are better off with mail-ins [‘My biggest risk’: Trump says mail-in voting could cost him reelection](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/06/19/trump-interview-mail-voting-329307) &gt;blacks, native americans, hispanics, and the disabled (vast majority of which vote democrat) are disadvantaged by not being able to vote in person. Yes? Noone (on the left anyways) wants to take away their ability to vote in person. Since you seem to agree that taking away voting rights is bad you should be in favor of mail-in voting so [disadvantaged groups can still vote.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/kentucky-braces-for-possible-voting-problems-in-tuesdays-primary-amid-signs-of-high-turnout/2020/06/19/b7b960ce-b199-11ea-8f56-63f38c990077_story.html) &gt;safeguard the electoral process A frequently cited reason for making elections more difficult that has to date never provided remotely sufficient evidence of foul play. It already works perfectly fine in multiple Republican states, in the military and for overseas citizens for longer than anyone today has been alive. &gt; Imagine what these tech savvy young people (revolutionaries?) could do with all mail in votes. The answer is nothing because the voting process is not comparable to buying tickets online. Even attempting to equate the two reveals startling ignorance of the process.
And this assistance is universal? This is a really shallow look at the situation. [Here's a deeper one:](https://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2018/02/01/how-voters-with-disabilities-are-blocked-from-the-ballot-box) &gt;Lack of access to proper voting machines, among several other issues, has led to a decline in participation, according to a survey of voters in the 2016 election by Rutgers University. Voter participation among people with disabilities has gone down over the past two presidential elections — from 57.3 percent in 2008 to 56.8 percent in 2012 and 55.9 percent in 2016. &gt;The Rutgers study also notes that **many polling places have physical barriers, such as steep ramps and poor path surfaces, which block people with disabilities from voting.** Political parties don’t target “get out the vote” efforts to people with disabilities and **many of them struggle to find transportation to polling places.** &gt;In Colorado, where 69 percent of registered voters with disabilities voted in 2016 — among the highest rates in the country — advocates and state officials have taken numerous steps to make voting accessible, according to Jennifer Levin, a senior attorney at Disability Law Colorado. &gt;The state’s adoption of **vote-by-mail and automatic voter registration for all voters** also has made it easier for people with disabilities to cast their ballots.
This *could* have been a plausible interpretation of what he meant had he left it at that, [however:](https://www.cnn.com/2019/10/14/politics/fact-check-trump-groceries-id-voter-fraud/index.html) &gt;The day after the Florida rally, his then-press secretary, Sarah Sanders, told reporters that Trump was referring to purchases of "beer or wine." But three months after that, **Trump told the conservative Daily Caller that ID is required "if you buy, you know, a box of cereal."**
*It.*
So good of Fox to finally hold Trump and gang accountable on \*checks notes* *crowd sizes*. Boy that'll show him.
Given enough time it has been known to eat through solid mountains.
[Well for example:](https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2019/01/homegrown-terrorists-2018-were-almost-all-right-wing/581284/) &gt;On Wednesday, the Anti-Defamation League released a report finding that attackers with ties to right-wing extremist movements killed at least 50 people in 2018. That was close to the total number of Americans killed by domestic extremists, meaning that the **far right had an almost absolute monopoly on lethal terrorism in the United States last year.** That monopoly would be total if, in one case, the perpetrator had not “switched from white supremacist to radical Islamist beliefs prior to committing the murder.” &gt;The number of fatalities is 35 percent higher than the previous year, and it marks the **fourth-deadliest year for such attacks since 1970.** Or this: [The Rise in Far-Right Extremism](https://www.csis.org/analysis/rise-far-right-extremism-united-states) &gt;Terrorist attacks by right-wing extremists in the United States have increased. Between 2007 and 2011, the number of such attacks was five or less per year. They then rose to 14 in 2012; continued at a similar level between 2012 and 2016, with a mean of 11 attacks and a median of 13 attacks; and then jumped to 31 in 2017.7 FBI arrests of right-wing extremists also increased in 2018. TLDR, the extreme right makes up the vast majority of lethal terrorism both in the US and abroad and is continuing to escalate, yet *for some reason* \*wink* it is the left that dominates the Presidents time. It's crying over spilled milk while the house is on fire.
More. Much more.
That's why they choose the option of feigning ignorance.
It's good news but it's also a super embarrassing mistake combined with horrible timing. Fights against racism are taking place across the country and now right wingers can point to an overreaction to what turns out to be a door handle to try to paint it all as fake news etc.
&gt; The guy was shooting out his window with a bb AR-15. Citation definitely needed for that, because the [reports I saw at the time stated:](https://www.courthousenews.com/man-killed-police-no-threat-officer-testifies/) &gt;A couple at the hotel jacuzzi saw the men handling the rifle through the window of Shaver’s hotel room and reported it to the hotel, which called 911. And by the officers admission they were not there under the assumption of dealing with an active shooter, making the following interaction inexcusable. &gt;You had no information about Mr. Shaver’s intent. No one ever gave you any information about why he had a rifle or anything in his room,” Charbel said. &gt;"That’s true,” Elmore replied. So unless you can provide evidence otherwise then no, he was *not* shooting his pellet gun. And the rifle wasn't anywhere near him when he was killed either. &gt;Did not comply with commands and got shot. The commands were *literally* impossible to comply with. How would you follow the order to crawl towards someone on all fours while also following the order to never put your hands on the floor? &gt;Would he still be alive if he was home watching TV instead of playing Darwinian games? Probably yes. This is such a messed up way of looking at unjustified killings that it isn't worthy of a serious response.
It was big news at the time and was all over reddit, but it was over four years ago at this point so memory fades.
When killing someone unprovoked usually involves murder charges and jail time? Yeah, that makes it a slap on the wrist.
The call didn't come in as an active shooter, the call came in as a man holding a rifle. [In the testimony of one of the officers:](https://www.courthousenews.com/man-killed-police-no-threat-officer-testifies/) &gt;He also later told the court that he doesn’t remember being told that Shaver was scaring people with his rifle, and was looking for a target. &gt;“You had no information about Mr. Shaver’s intent. No one ever gave you any information about why he had a rifle or anything in his room,” Charbel said. &gt;“That’s true,” Elmore replied.
Not to worry there are several award categories to award rock-bottom to. Biggest idiot, biggest asshole, biggest hypocrite, biggest security risk, etc. Early reports are Republicans have swept the field again this year.
[This one from today for example.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JusticeServed/comments/hetjnq/justice_not_served_yet/) The mod stickied their own post to support a horrific killing from 4 years ago.
It looks like the mod was suspended when I just checked. Small victories I suppose, but as you said the comment section is a shit show. You lose a little faith in humanity when you see so many people rushing to defend killing an innocent unarmed man that was sobbing on the floor begging for his life. It doesn't matter if it's trolls or people being serious, it's just f'ing gross.
Typhoid Moron
This is why Trump won!
I can't even comprehend this level of stupidity. I remember an argument I got into once with an anti-vaxxer that insisted vaccines "replace" your immune system with an artificial one. These people can't be reasoned with, you can only work to mitigate their damage to society. Unfortunately *they're in charge right now.*
A bunch of humans watching phones that are watching a bunch of dogs watch a bunch of kittens...
[X-files theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAAlDoAtV7Y)
I have a fantastic fixer upper opportunity ^^^former ^^^crack ^^^house available at an amazing bargain of $1.**7**M CAD, let me know if you're interested.
Turbo Hyper Fighting Edition
Commander Shepard?
*Definitely* Hitman 2 plus Legacy Pack. Engine and gameplay updates in 2 were ported back to the Legacy maps making them better than in the original release. Also as someone else mentioned progress in 2 (including Legacy maps) will carry forward to 3, but not from 1 to 3.
[Responses from factcheck.org](https://www.factcheck.org/2020/03/the-facts-on-trumps-travel-restrictions/) &gt;Remember when Trump banned travel from China and everyone called him racist? **"Trump said Democrats “loudly criticized and protested” his announced travel restrictions, and that they “called me a racist because I made that decision.” Trump is overstating Democratic opposition. None of the party’s congressional leaders and none of the Democratic candidates running for president have directly criticized that decision, though at least two Democrats have."** **"We reached out to the Trump campaign and asked for names, but we did not get a response. We scoured news clips and could find only a couple instances of elected Democrats criticizing the president’s action to restrict travel."** **"Although Democratic leaders and Democratic presidential candidates have been highly critical of Trump’s response to the coronavirus, we couldn’t find any examples of them directly and clearly criticizing the travel restrictions."** Please define who the "everyone" is in your statement, because in terms of the official opposition it's limited to a handful of people at best. There are also quotes of people critizing the ban of being *insufficient.* **"At a House subcommittee hearing on the coronavirus on Feb. 5, Ron Klain, White House Ebola response coordinator under the Obama administration, took issue with the characterization of the travel restrictions as a travel “ban.”"** **“We don’t have a travel ban,” Klain said. “We have a travel Band-Aid right now. First, before it was imposed, 300,000 people came here from China in the previous month. So, the horse is out of the barn.”** **“There’s no restriction on Americans going back and forth,” Klain said. “There are warnings. People should abide by those warnings. But today, 30 planes will land in Los Angeles that either originated in Beijing or came here on one-stops, 30 in San Francisco, 25 in New York City. Okay? So, unless we think that the color of the passport someone carries is a meaningful public health restriction, we have not placed a meaningful public health restriction.”** &gt;Remember when he banned travel to Europe and everyone screamed about it? Sorry I don't remember anyone screaming. I do remember people criticizing it as a useless gesture and in some ways causing more harm than good because it was *far* too late at that point. **"From a public health perspective, it's remarkably pointless," says Francois Balloux, an epidemiologist at University College London who worked with the World Health Organization on the 2009 H1N1 flu pandemic. Balloux says closing borders only works in the very early days of an outbreak, or for countries that haven't yet detected any cases at all. The U.S., as of Thursday afternoon, had confirmed 1,323 cases."** &gt;I never saw anyone demanding the US shut down travel faster. Only the opposite. Would anyone care to post a link proving me wrong? *Lock*down, not travel shutdown. And yes, people were calling for faster *lock*downs. **"Epidemiologists and former U.S. health officials told Time that the initial travel restrictions were valid and “likely helped to slow the spread of the virus. The problem, they say, is that once it was clear that the virus was within our borders officials did not pivot quickly enough to changing circumstances."** It's hard to argue against all the complaints of how he handled/botched the response since the US is on a [really dangerous escalating trajectory](https://twitter.com/ProjectLincoln/status/1275984086314749962) while the majority of the advanced nations are continuing to trend downward.
Your link from the Texas Medical Centre is dated June 22nd and has the ICU at 90%. A mere two days later and it has already [jumped to 100%](https://www.tmc.edu/coronavirus-updates/tmc-icu-bed-capacity-modeling/). What will it be in another 2 days? Or 10 days? [Here's a statement from the TMC *before* they hit 100%](https://www.newsweek.com/texass-largest-hospital-reaches-100-percent-icu-capacity-1513481) &gt;Just a day prior to reaching the 100 percent occupancy rate for ICU beds, Texas Medical Center issued a statement suggesting that it could handle the surge in cases but the ICU capacity was being stretched. &gt;"If this trend continues, **our hospital system capacity will become overwhelmed**, leading us to make difficult choices of delaying much-needed non-COVID care to accommodate a greater number of COVID patients," according to the statement. "We are therefore calling upon the people of Houston to do their part in helping us to slow the spread of this **dangerous virus.**" You aren't taking this seriously enough.
&gt;[President Donald Trump claimed he likely saved “billions” of lives with his measures against COVID-19.](https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/trump-saves-billions-us-pop-350-million_n_5e9bd2bec5b6ea335d5cb120?ri18n=true) Are you sure about that? *Really* sure? He's not exactly strong with numbers either.
So you *admit* that it's a Liberal indoctrination centre pushing out those fake numbers! /s
Huked awn fonix wurked four thim.
He has no plan for the next 4 years, yet his ~~diehard~~ nutjob fans still want to see Trump or his family members in power for the next 10-20 years.
Think of them of a single distributed organism with Trump as the cerebral cortex. He sends out a stupid command and like neurons firing the instructions rush out to all the other cells.
I'll have you know that the people he appeals most to are *experts* at pronouncing and understanding state testicle anal cysts.
You assume that they graduated high school.
Unfortunately it usually turns to anger instead which fuels their belief that they are right and the world is wrong.
Years of avoiding exercise and sitting in motorized scooters leads to various medical complications in the nethers which makes it topical.
No no no no brain do NOT picture that no matter wh....*godamnit.*
And a side order of gusto.
The Priests in Washington better duck and cover then, another photo op might be coming and we saw what happened to the people in his way the last time.
What we didn't know at the time was you could increase that from 1 dead person to 127,000+ and it still wouldn't change anything.
So Trump didn't know therefore it's not his fault and the criticism is fake, but also everyone does this stuff anyways so who cares? I guess you're trying to set up both goalpost positions in advance since like with many other scandals with this govt you know full well it will be proven soon that he *did* know.
All the Trump supporters everywhere parroting this line of defense should stop and think for a moment (a difficult task I know). How many times now have you defenced a White House position only for them to change stories when the facts come out? Be honest. Yeah, it's a lot. Is it worth the energy spreading this "he didn't know" BS when you know damn well it'll fall apart in short order? For once just sit back and wait for that final goalpost, we'll be here when you're ready.
It's bad enough when the movie industry does remakes of classic movies, we really don't need 2020 doing the same for disasters.
Oh well case closed then, this White House has a long history of never changing their story when new information comes out and they get caught in a lie. Never happened once. Yup. /s
Don't walk, run!
With those kinds of credentials we may have a cabinet opening for you.
Try as much as you like this line of attack is never going to stick so long as the opponent is the word salad generator that is Trump.
Ironically this helps prove Antifa isn't the evil organization that conservatives pretend it is. If you can confuse peaceful *violinists* as Antifa then Antifa must not be all that bad.
Not only is the virus is out of control again, but because of the rushed reopening all the economic damage that was sacrificed to control the spread has now gone absolutely to waste.
