Haha, yeah okay. Next thing you're going to tell me the Earth is flat.
They need help. You know who was a good cop who tried to do all the right things? [Chris Dorner](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Dorner_shootings_and_manhunt). The cop who brought him pizza probably would have helped if he had a real opportunity.
To some extent, yes. But we also need to make it easier for them to help.
Please don't call him that.
Let's be honest. It's to get a response to their message.
&gt; Computer Espionage If mobile phones are computers, that's exactly what this is.
Trump will be out by March. They *may* wait out the holidays and the new congress. And then it begins.
&gt; Got anything concrete? I'm a deep state patriot selectively leaking vital information to the community at large. Expect massive riots organized in defiance and others fleeing the US to occur. Just kidding. I got nothin'. But Mueller and his associates know how important this is, things are speeding up, and they'll have the new congress. I don't see them waiting until he's three years through his term.
That's still Roger Stone doing the orchestrating, heh. The idiot who follows along and does (mostly) what he's told doesn't get that credit.
I appreciate the 13 dots between two tweets.
It can be both. Still not great.
5 miles walking should be 1:15-1:40. That's 15-20 minute miles.
The walk wasn't even that long. It was 90 minutes of walking over five days.
The students say this was out of character. They went to the school admins on Monday. The hair thing happened on Wednesday.
Maybe she got suspended because she didn't pay dues?
Bullshit. That's a hollow threat the right likes to throw around.
Not because we give a shit about individual 1, but because we need to set the precedent that the president is not above the law. He's a traitor and a moron, but he's also an elaborate pawn. He's not smart enough to do this shit on his own. He's being led around by others.
Literally seeking shelter. I still think this is going to get worse. The normal levers we'd pull to get out of a recession are already being pulled and contributing to putting us *into* the recession. We've done worse than nothing about wealth inequality, which will eventually cause our economy to grind to a halt. The middle class is what keeps our economy healthy, and the middle/merchant class is disappearing. It now consists of doctors, some celebrities, and some programmers.
Dude, just get more monitors.
Good man :)
I don't think there's a rig that can run most games in 11520x2160.
Better Call Saul is a better show than breaking bad. It's not close.
You're. It means "you are".
As long as the second half of the test wasn't revealed during class, this provides no real advantage. And I'm sure other students could have requested the same option, but who wants to stay after school to take the other half of a test that they could have done in class?
Man, "Twitter" would be better than "Tweet". The name of the service makes more sense than using their made up jargon. In 30-40 years this may not age as well. But if that's the accepted style, it is what it is. Better to go with a standard.
And it shows they still understand the lesson.
You get ten seconds before you have to get that poor doggo food and water.
&gt; they'll find ways to increase income or cut expenditure. GOOD THING THEY'RE NOT DOING THAT NOW.
I refer to my published works as "flamboozles" and insist you do the same. They are not "books". It's obviously not a huge deal, and if the standard is "tweet" you should do that. My point is just that the name of the company/service is a little more standard than the jargon they made up. "Twitter" has a wikipedia page. "Tweet" does not.
Addresses different issues.
It's truly amazing how many people will stick up for companies trying to fuck people in the ass. Sadomasochists, maybe?
His role is linked to foreign adversaries alright.
&gt;These trains are suitable only for areas that have miles and miles of basically agricultural land Does it help if the land had been flattened by glaciers? So the US and Canada are the leaders in this technology, right?
Probably just looking for his next hunting grounds.
&gt;Scammer got irritated because someone was gaming his game. It's still his alt, and his alt Reddit account too. Scam within a scam.
... No.
Cancer, is that you?
Yeah, most everyone caught the different username, and it wasn't intended to be a trick. It's just you, mate.
They could also just not report the bullshit numbers.
I bet next time there are dozens of DSTs or Blockade runners in the keepstar. Seems pretty difficult to cover a keepstar in bubbles. Even then you can only save so much. That's a lot of characters to use just for storage vaults.
You're mixing r/iamverysmart with "don't vote"? Bless your heart.
It's the same thing, just more direct. You can use torture or you can use manipulation, but either way the goal is to get them to believe your words over their own memories/observations.
The drug dealers are now making the decision for where the vaccines are needed the most instead of the health care workers. That's *probably* not a good thing. There are contexts where it could be, but probably not.
As said below, &gt;Yes, a person suddenly becoming happy is actually a warning sign that suicide is imminent. It's one of the things you're supposed to look out for if you have a friend with suicidal tendencies, it usually means they're about to do it. I searched specifically for this comment and had to look pretty far down to find it.
You know the monument would immortalize Init too, right?
But not before he sold all your power plants for pennies on the dollar.
You're handling this well. Keep it up. And remember negative comments always outnumber positive.
Is this the equivalent of "LA LA LA LA CAN'T HEAR YOU"?
It's not Free to Play?
&gt; contractors love them Yeah, no. Contractors would rather just get paid than worry about whether they're going to get paid or not.
Sometimes instead of critical thinking you can just bash them over the head with it over, and over, and over again.
Yeah, whatever you say about capri, "totally useless" is the wrong one. He has his ups and downs. Maybe you can argue about the net effect, but he certainly has an effect.
Sure, it's a risk. You just have to decide if 18% of your gross income can buy you better advertising than steam.
I'd bet on the latter.
&gt; This is the facts, right here. You mean the speculation. They have enough trouble discerning what is fact. Let's not give them any more issues.
If you're using a 32-bit CPU that emulates 64-bit, this is indeed something to worry about. If you built your computer after 2005, you're probably okay.
What? No.
Did you see the demographics of this last election? The boomers dying isn't a silver bullet. This shit is pervasive and isn't going away any time soon.
Isn't some glitter made of glass?
To make it more clear for anyone who doesn't get it. 1. Trade routes DO exist. 2. Piracy is a real thing. 3. It's pretty lucrative. It just doesn't confirm to exactly the picture OP is imagining. Which is weird, because they're extremely similar. Traders know what routes are dangerous and about how much they can safely haul. The pirates are notorious. What else do you want? Do you want this to be WoW where "piracy" is a specific quest?
Bullshit. The current GOP is his only chance in hell of getting the Magnitsky sanctions dropped, and he cares about that. Same for a weak NATO, a weak response to things like Khasoggi and his invasions, and for scuttling deals with Iran and North Korea. "Destabilising" is a means to an end; it's not the goal in and of itself.
But instead we can just stick to the crimes we know about.
So many lazily repurposed normie memes with EVE shit slapped on top. I'M DISAPPOINTED IN YOU.
I don't know how I feel about this. JADE is great when it comes to sexual consent. Start applying it to other places and it gets hazy fast. Think Anti-Vax. Sexuality and orientation is a HUGE category that can include things that you don't really want included. And "JADE" means it's not up for debate, regardless of what it is. That sounds good when you're talking about your homophobic uncle. It sounds less good when you're trying to talk to your cousin who insists that he's a nudist and he should be welcome at the family christmas party as *who he is*. Never allowing anyone else to influence you or never allowing anyone else to even have a discussion about being right is something that goes bad really quickly. Plenty of terrible things use this same philosophy. (Scientology, incels, Trumpism).
We need more tax brackets first of all. Rate Individuals 10% Up to $9,525 12% $9,526 to $38,700 22% 38,701 to $82,500 24% $82,501 to $157,500 32% $157,501 to $200,000 35% $200,001 to $500,000 37% $500,001 to $1.5 million 45% $1.5 million to $3 million 60% $3 million to $10 million 70% over $10 million Second, make long term capital gains 5 years or greater, and short term capital gains are just taxed as income. Stop this quarter to quarter bullshit.
&gt;Please.. do more research. This _barely_ touches _one_ aspect of our current _four_ separate tax systems. I like how you were so quick with "do more research" immediately before you show that you didn't read what you're talking about.
Like who? The ones who are giving half their wealth to charity?
&gt;there's a reason capital gains are the way they are You don't know it, but there's probably one. (It's because the rich make the rules.) This quarter to quarter bullshit is destroying our country.
I guess I'll address the one solid thing in your comment that's otherwise just fluff and ad hominems. Yeah, the Laffer curve is real. Also the Sun will one day consume the Earth. Neither are particularly relevant to policy discussions. We're so far to the left of the peak of the Laffer curve that it doesn't matter. If you raise tax rates, revenue will increase. This will happen reagrdless of any rates we might reasonably set. No one wants to cap income at 300k a year, or anything else ridiculous enough that the Laffer curve might actually apply.
It's still wrong. It's xnotx xunlikex xyoux xcantx xfollowx xitx xifx xyoux xtryx xbutx xyoux xshouldntx xhaavex xtox xdecodex xcommentsx xbecausex xthstsx xannoyingx xasx xfuckx, xyoux xknowx? If it's worth writing the comment, it's worth using proper English. Plus that shit is contagious. Better to stop it before it spreads, or you'll be mixing up "your" and "you're" too.
lol, you gave them a list.
Judicial review and the ability of congress to prevent/repeal. Pardons are supposed to be about mercy, not getting away with shit.
The Jaden didn't fall far from the Will. What the fuck happened to him/them? After Men in Black, he hopped right on the fucking crazy train. It's like he took "be yourself" to heart... and it didn't work out. It's a shame, because Will seems like a good guy.
Egg the Senate majority leader's house and get a pardon for it.
It's not that she's black. It's that they shoehorned in a black character *for the purpose of being black*. It doesn't fit the art style and doesn't really have another reason to exist.
Plus, if you're officiating a wedding, you fucking *suck it up* and do your job. Which leads to standing before them feeling awful and trying to hold it in... until you can't.
Easy. The president gets legal leeway for decisions made in the execution of his office, particularly when those decisions do not have direct personal benefit. Our laws are intended to be vague in certain circumstances. Those are the times where judges and juries interpret the law. We're not programs, and we can use that to our advantage.
mailchi.mp ? Odd domain.
Or you could actually research and know what you're talking about instead of spouting easy answers. Turns out the real world has nuance.
Why didn't the bus just jump out? He was tethered, so he should have had cap
Plastic in the oven?
If it's before HERO and Catch 1.0 I take no responsibility for that.
Most importantly, imo, is that if you don't know about transversal or ship fitting being in a large fleet will allow you to slowly learn stuff and have a lot more guidance if you're in a large fleet. If you've never played eve and you try to solo, you're just going to get instantly popped until you leave the game. It's easy to go from large to small. The smaller you go, the harder it tends to be to learn (at first). When you're new to the game it's hard for you to tell if the "small group" you're trying to learn with is even competent. Maybe you get lucky, but probably not. Once you have intermediate pilot skill I think you start to learn more doing small group stuff.
They can also be preheated without checking what's inside.
He's not the best with logic.
&gt; someone runs you over in a van. It was a Dodge Charger, and Heather's murderer was a Nazi Trump supporter. I tried to Google for the memes he posted, but only found more white terror attacks. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2018/nov/26/charlottesville-car-attacker-trial-murder-kames-alex-fields-heather-heyer
In that vein, I'm proud to be an F1 monkey. For people who do small group AT-like shit, that's cool and all. I just don't have time to get into that right now. Maybe some day. I like being part of a team, being able to organize on a large scale. I like *objectives*, and macro strategy, which are generally really fucking hard to do in a small group. I think it's cool that I can show up to rageforms and be relevant *enough*, but not so relevant that my team is guaranteed to fall apart if I skip it. I like that I can take charge of small things and advise my peers on smaller details that the main FC just doesn't have time for. I like supporting alliances that treat their members well and inspire loyalty, and I like punishing those who don't pay SRP to horde members because leadership is too busy embezzling. People play the game in different ways. I can respect (most) other ways of playing the game while enjoying my own.
Biff Tannen is literally in charge.
Ranked voting doesn't matter if we don't count the votes properly. Security is more important, and we have none of that right now.
This time will be different.
"fucked up" does not do it justice. Think Elsa blushing while shitting on Spiderman who's full of hypodermic needles.
Comparatively? Yeah. Constant smoking and drinking is healthier than destroying the planet, squandering the economy, and voting in W and Trump.
He encouraged white supremacists and had a hand in killing Heather Heyer. He's responsible for the return of neo-nazis. His economic policy damage will last decades. I got rid of my stock in June because I saw this coming. November would have been better, but close enough. Pulling out of Afghanistan and Syria will create terrorist states, the only place in the world where terrorists can operate in the open. This decision will bear some responsibility for the next 9/11. We are all less safe for this. His damage to the federal workforce is permanent. Being a federal worker is less attractive now than ever. The quality of our government will never fully recover. The gutting of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau affects everyone. The damage to the EPA and our opposition to fighting climate change. The reputation of the United States is permanently damaged. We'll never be considered as reliable as we once were. Just off the top of my head.
When confronted with neo-nazis, he responded "there are very fine people on both sides". He accepted these people as his supporters and refused to condemn them in any significant way. THIS is how you handle extremism. https://youtu.be/jrnRU3ocIH4
You can basically draw a straight line from "Russia, if you're listening" to Russian memes on reddit/social media to Heather's murder.
&gt;Prosecutors told jurors Fields, a 21-year-old Ohio man, posted the meme online twice, approximately three months before the Unite the Right rally on Aug. 12, 2017. https://wtop-com.cdn.ampproject.org/i/s/wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/Meme-1024x625.jpg
Didn't they raise that number? Because apparently 5.5 million just isn't enough.
The accident was getting the guy instead of the girl.
So torture.
Nah, our parents are eating our children.
Have you ever once actually researched this? Income taxes alone in places like Canada exceeds 90%, add in VAT and Timmy's, taxes on everything else under the sun, it's well north of 100%. A simple Wikipedia search will show you this. But instead of looking it up you'll just attack anyone who challenges your preconceived notions lol. Fucking idiot.
&gt; They don’t listen when people who do know things try to tell them important information. And if those people who DO know things press too hard, they're fired. If Mattis couldn't stop the Syria/Afghanistan pullout, there was not much point in him being in the position anyway. Our armed forces are under the command of Vladimir Putin. Watch out for resistance from top military brass.
You should give him gold for that one...
Nah. He'll be out by the end of January. The Republicans are ready to impeach after Mattis is gone and it's clear our military is under the command of Putin. They just want to stall until January 3rd to let the Democrats do it. Then they can beat them over the head with it for years.
It's a difficult position though. It's difficult to say he wasn't elected. And there's a problem when your military is the one putting checks on your executive. We're not talking about anything extreme here, just a much more forceful speech from Mattis, but it still has a lot of implications. Mattis likely still has hope that someone *else* can put the brakes on this. And he's not wrong. I hope.
That'll happen with a puppet president that congress refuses to remove. It's not checkmate. We still have moves. But yeah, we're definitely in check.
No, we spend enough on Healthcare. It's not currently in the form of taxes.
&gt;This is a logical leap. There is nothing to indicate that, given an order from Putin, our armed forces would comply. Get out of Syria and Afghanistan. To be fair, the Secretary of Defense probably wouldn't stand for an order like that.
Huawei and ZTE is all spyware infected. The ban should have happened a long time ago. But the ban was stalled with a small Trump bribe. Most tech people know better now, but you don't want one of your suppliers going cheap and using spyware infected parts. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2018-10-04/the-big-hack-how-china-used-a-tiny-chip-to-infiltrate-america-s-top-companies
Turns out a super and a sabre is a pretty good combo to 2v1 with. What ship *should* be able to solo a super, Suitonia?
I think Columbus is bigger than Seattle. \#14 Columbus Ohio 879,170 \#18 Seattle Washington 724,745
And I'm sure some numbers were changed, though I think there is a limit to how much they can do that. It's still hard to say that confidently as the Secretary of Defense.
Especially those who work for a living. And yes, 40 hours at McDonald's is still working for a living.
You know you vote for more than just the presidential race, right? And how many people should think their vote doesn't matter?
Yeah, that's right. Some people push it out to about 1982. There's some talk about how we belong to both. But it's about right.
I think this is only browser views, and not things like PS3/Chromecast/TV apps. I suspect the effect of that would boost light sitcoms like The Office and Parks and Rec, and it would suppress things you want to pay full attention to like movies or Stranger Things.
It's the only way to ensure you get training before you're handed the gun.
It almost like you intentionally misunderstood. An 18-year old is not required to take those classes you linked.
I see you're not arguing in good faith. To hit a couple points, those rules don't have to be strictly defined. Every gun owner should just know them. Sure, most do, but not all. I don't understand why you'd be against *knowing* that list as a requirement. And you understand this completely. You just still misconstrue it because the strawman is easier to argue against. I believe we (the public, gun owners, gun shop owners, politicians) could come to a consensus on a reasonable test, if only the NRA wasn't involved. I wouldn't be surprised if some gun shop owners already do this voluntarily. And yes, it would have prevented Marjory Stoneman Douglas. Our current systems failed. He was allowed access to a gun, the same gun he used to kill a bunch of high school kids. Our systems largely failed because politics doesn't allow us to improve those systems. If anyone granting his household access to firearms had asked any of the students about him, they would have known. All the students knew he was the most likely to do this. "Shall not be infringed". Does that apply to the first amendment too? So why don't you threaten the president right here? &gt;It is Stoneman Marjory Douglass High School. Please google it next time to preserve the memory of those who died there. That's the absolute least you could do. It's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
So they put it in a super convenient place for you where it was least likely to get stolen in an apartment complex? Sounds like a winner to me.
If you have enough money it does. "Leshak roam. I'm buying."
Is this a summary or a quote?
&gt; you never want to loose to someone who is calling you trash all the time. Do you really want to stay tight with them though?
I've never heard of Akadeimia Keipouron, but the others are probably fine. The issue is that as you get smaller, it gets harder to vet these groups. And as a new player, you have absolutely no chance to vet them on your own. Once you have more experience, and know what *real* corps have to offer, it's much less dangerous to go out on your own. It's difficult to go from someone like Brave to a high sec mining slave corp (or equivalent).
You won't do it casually. But you might [if you're on ecstasy](https://psychedelictimes.com/staying-hydrated-on-molly-the-tricky-relationship-between-mdma-and-water-intoxication/) or on a dare. [Wee for a Wii](https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/jury-rules-radio-station-jennifer-strange-water-drinking/story?id=8970712) I just don't want to hear about a hydrohomie falling on his sword for memes.
Yeah, I strongly disagree. Nearly everything done competently or well in the US government is done at a federal level. The states are constantly played against each other in a race to the bottom. The higher visibility on federal positions tends to keep them cleaner than state politics. If it were just theory, I'd like the small federal government. In practice though, a strong federal seems preferable.
But they were wrong. It's a bad thing and is going to continually cause coding, design, and balance issues forever.
Sometimes it's easier to see or say things from the outside without the political considerations of the inside. I'm positive some Rioters said quietly Sylas was a bad idea.
Fast food, deli, or restaurant stuff was always better than sandwiches at home. It took me *decades* to figure out that sandwiches at home can be just as good if you use more than a couple slices of lunch meat. I always preferred eating out because my target price for a meal at home was around $1.50.
I'm banned for saying that.
Are you *actually* trying to cast doubt on climate change because our models were *too conservative*?!?
They were both obviously lying while trying not to commit perjury. One was about a blowjob. The other was about dismantling our democracy and selling us out to Russia.
The same with senses. Your learn the basic five in elementary, then someone hits you with proprioception, balance, and pain.
Mutaplasmids.
If frat purged bots they'd have nothing left.
EVE is *the best* mmo for playing casually. You can leave for three months and come back without finding all your gear is now worse than random green drops.
I never claimed anything else. !remindme 6 months
Yeah, but there are a lot of people out there who just expect that *the government* would do something if it needed doing. If impeachment happened tomorrow, you'd suddenly get a lot more support for it.
Ironically, bot lane is *incapable* of freezing out the opponent. There are times where you get a lead and can't turn it into anything else yet. And no bot lane partner in the history of my solo queue games has realized we can get farther ahead by denying them all xp and gold for a couple waves. But yeah, you generally push to be able to back while your opponent can't, or to help with dragon, or to get scuttle, or to maybe take some plates.
Yeah, if you're going to pay for something then find reputable coaching.
Censor their link or you're just advertising the scam.
It is politics. And politics is a hell of a lot more important than people give it credit for. We're fortunate that for a good portion of our lives, politics was boring. Slavery was politics. Hitler was politics. Vietnam was politics. The World Wars were politics. The safety of your food, air, and water is politics. Politics is largely about who can do what to you. Seems pretty damn important.
Bjergsen doesn't even need to play Pyke. They can put BB mid on Pyke and Bjerg top on whatever.
The consequences are just beginning.
This is such revisionist bullshit. Don't believe his lies in text. Watch the video (preferably a better one than this) instead. 1:23 is the beginning of the part in question. 1:28 the guy is no longer a threat. 1:33 Officer AJ pushes the man in the chest. The officer clearly instigates that action. Watch the video for full context on who made contact with who. 1:35 The officer punches the man. Yeah, nobody acted perfectly in this scenario. But the cops shouldn't be taking literally *any* excuse they can get to abuse their power.
There was a full five seconds between when the man ran up and the officer made contact. It was clearly unnecessary and escalated the situation.
Iron? Yeah, absolutely.
100m a vote? Yeah, that might do it. Except the ballots are anonymous, so you couldn't verify that you're getting what you paid for.
&gt; What until the tables turn. If he's successful, the tables will never turn. That's the point.
Sssssshhhhhhhh
Closer to one likely rigged election away. And we have the largest military the world has ever seen.
You can still be evicted, but it takes time.
The EC makes it harder to rig elections, something we can use right now.
GWB meant well but was being driven by an evil sociopath. Trump skips the "meaning well" part, but at least he's not as competent.
I think that's mostly only Delve. The other alliances still import more than 50% of their stuff, not counting capital hulls.
It's not good for them either in the end. It's better to have 10 million in the bank living in the US than it is to have 20 million with Putin ready to murder you if you step out of line. And that's only for the millionaires who *directly* benefit. They think they're going to be more powerful as Oligarchs, but that's not usually how it ends up. There are plenty of other reasons as well.
&gt;In our view, the answer to that problem is to expand, not limit, the resources available for political advocacy. Thus, the ACLU supports a comprehensive and meaningful system of public financing that would help create a level playing field for every qualified candidate. We support carefully drawn disclosure rules. We support reasonable limits on campaign contributions and we support stricter enforcement of existing bans on coordination between candidates and super PACs. https://www.aclu.org/other/aclu-and-citizens-united It's the ACLU doing what the ACLU does. Their stance isn't unreasonable.
Specifically from anyone who ever says "someone give this guy gold!"
That's a bit much, even if I agree with the sentiment. It also doesn't help the argument. People are getting shot who are absolutely no threat at all.
Chris Dorner had the right reasons, just the wrong reaction.
Yeah, but the people Dorner went after didn't deserve it.
Your argument just isn't going to get very far if you include "police have to die". They don't. That's not the situation here. They might have to accept more risk, absolutely. But they act so scared right now that they're escalating the situation for everyone. Risk is part of the job.
&gt; I honestly think we completely agree, We do, yeah. I just don't want it to look like we hate cops. It's easier to dismiss us that way, and I don't want this dismissed. It's a job that needs to be done, and when they do their job well they deserve our respect. &gt;Tbh the best solution is just disarming cops. Yep, it's time. They've abused their authority too much to be armed.
&gt; 2/3 of null's population You say that, but I've rarely seen a fight where the north or Fraternity are outnumbered 2 to 1, and I've seen just as many go the opposite ratio. Goons are a bunch of krabs. The numbers are more even than you make them out to be. But yeah, goons absolutely have more supers than anyone. They had a huge head start on krabbing, and you guys believe mining is beneath you.
It's all about the win rate. If he's doing this and keeping above 45%, it's totally valid. If his win rate is under 40, it's trolling. Keep in mind his teammates are going to throw 10% of his games because they'll throw a tantrum. I did something very similar. Support nunu and I'd spend the early game counter jungling, leaving my AD to 1v2. It worked pretty damn well. Roughly a 50% win rate despite my teammates often raging and intentionally throwing the game. Things like me and my jungler being at the ocean drake at 6 minutes with double smite and consume, but he won't do dragon because that requires working with me. Similar for ganks. Then Runes Reworked happened and Nunu couldn't tank for shit anymore. Killed the strategy. Game tended to go one of two ways. My teammates would get into it and have a blast. They'd love the excellent vision and irrelevant hostile jungler, and they'd love hoe the game would be constant action. Or they'd rage and refuse to win the game because they were absolutely pissed that I wasn't playing how they wanted me to play. And of course when someone is playing off meta, that person is the **only** way of losing that game. It's entirely their fault no matter what happens.
Riot needs to change the surrender rules. If the whole team unanimously wants to surrender at 5 minutes, fucking let them. I don't understand why Riot holds people hostage.
Are you counting the games where his teammates say "open mid" before minions spawn?
It's pretty amazing. Are you counting the games where his teammates open mid before minions spawn?
Please tell me how taking the exp away from your bot laner and leaving your mid alone so he gets 3vs1 dived every minute it’s considered off-meta since this is the case everywhere else.
I'm reporting my mid laner next time he picks yasuo.
Because some pros came out and said off-meta isn't allowed.
&gt;some jackoff told her there weren't peanuts in the cookies ... It's common knowledge that that can kill someone. Also, English is weird.
Yeah, but who actually wants it? Might be a good place for Frat to move.
I take that more as humility, actions speaking louder than words, and a good parry of the whataboutism they were trying. Why *did* a comedy news show guy have higher standards than people who were adamant they're fair and balanced journalists?
I think you can actually call someone about animal abuse in that case. Have documentation.
Which one of those is supposed to be simple? Did you mean Annie or Garen?
No, this is a terrible idea. He needs to be 100% in the right so she can't have any legitimate complaints.
Some did. Those were called "bridging titans". Likely people who likely didn't get to fire their DD on a hostile until UALX. Doesn't change the fact that it was a powerful recruiting tool.
Lose. The word is lose.
Sounds like a lot of work.
\&gt;Crushed any resistance (outside of goons) with superior titan numbers \&gt;Dominated any smaller new alliances that formed Are you saying TEST is the new PL?
I wish they'd do BO1 spring, BO3 summer.
We haven't been sitting on them to poach their FCs. They don't effectively need our permission to undock anything with a jump drive. We don't randomly turn on our blues on some flimsy excuse because they were stupid enough to put caps on field with us. We're not nearly as cunty as PL was.
And if you people spent half the time in the game that you do whining on reddit, you might not be losing this war.
You should change that to In Game bug
So you think the thing is fine? I should probably throw the meme super weapons in this category too.
I mean, we haven't really had that problem with them poaching FCs since jump fatigue was introduced.
Dude, democracy is a lot of work. You have to *research* and *go vote*. It's so hard. It's so much easier to just root for a wannabe dictator that's winning anyway. Do you know how hard it was to *fight* Russia? And what's the worst that can happen? You keep a low profile and you're fine, just like most of the Chinese and Russian people. Don't insult the wrong person. Don't get caught teaching proper history. Don't get too wealthy. Don't be *weird*. Don't stand up for or be friends with anyone who does those things. Follow those and you'll probably be fine under fascism.
Being that stupid *may* have been a requirement of the job. What other rich person is going to put themselves in a position where they have money, they have the presidency but still have to suck Putin's dick? Plus anyone competent would have assumed they couldn't push it this far. It takes a special kind of stupid.
He put it on GitHub. Someone can just add that and submit a pull request.
Well now *someone* is going to make it.
You probably ping 25 to your ISP.
Have they released the vote counts?
I don't think they'll remove him. I think he'll just be a constant distraction and work to discredit the CSM as a whole.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
True, though aren't all the big entities fighting right now?
I mean, if you're set blue, then it's pretty clear we weren't keeping secrets. Sounds like OP took some liberties.
Yeah, and it's still not relevant. People who think saving $1.50 on gas makes a difference for the working poor are the same ones who are incredulous when that working poor guy gets a new iPhone.
I see arrogance and slight ignorance that you pile more arrogance on top of. It's an arrogance sandwich.
&gt; If there is so much evidence then why didnt they impeach immediately? Because Republicans control the Senate and actively want Russian assistance.
And why? You can do it with water just fine.
And it's easier to survive and learn when you're part of a large battle instead of solo or a small gang, where you're the only thing to shoot and every mistake counts. Yes, solo and small gang generally take more skill and have a higher reward. That's not what new players need.
Roughly. Recurve is the best, but bloodthirster, sojin, red buff, gunblade, and double negatron are all good items, making getting one of their components just fine.
My personal experience is that I quit the game twice after trying it for a week each time. In 2006 I tried joining a ten man corp with a group of friends who were all new. They needed stuff, so they fell into the trap of high sec mining. That didn't last. In 2010 time I tried to play solo. I was "playing the market" like the high seas pirate trading games. I got in my iteron, picked up some quantity of one item in high sec, and autopilot it to somewhere it sold higher. It'd take 30 minutes to go six jumps. That obviously didn't go well. It wasn't until I joined Brave Newbies in 2013 that I stuck with the game for more than a week. Been active ever since. It's not the only way to play the game, but it's a good way to learn and retain new players.
They're working as hard and fast as they can right now. They'll get to this other stuff, just not on day three.
&gt; and your daft you're.
Sometimes Russian doesn't translate well.
Post it here. Nobody gives a shit about your blogspam.
I just think when you're calling someone "daft" that you should use the right words. I agree with your point. Wasn't trying to disprove it. In fact, I'd like it to be represented more strongly by not having mistakes.
I'm imagining more like Russia than China.
I don't think anyone has it all figured out. As long as you're keeping all this in mind, you're good for now. I don't see an issue with your strategy. You know when you want to econ and when you want to power spike. You may just have to adjust based on the situation. You're at 100 health? Maybe you can save more and delay your power spike, going for a later game build.
You're both too arrogant about a brand new game with a nascent meta. You both have good points. Just don't get stuck in your thinking.
Don't put items on Ahri. Her ult is the most unreliable ability in the game outside of maybe reksai. Her purpose is to activate wild + sorc.
You're saying you don't know exactly how to do it while being *very* specific in what you want done. Yes, they can probably compress the early rounds somewhat. That much is true. It's when you get more specific that you get people downvoting you.
&gt;TFT is no that different from other auto chess. It's different enough. It's faster, for one.
I've tried this without the smoking part. You just feel like an idiot. It doesn't work.
Can confirm. I did it, not trying super hard. My enemy fully countered me by having 6 assassins on the opposite side of yauso, one of which with the silence item. They successfully killed the yasuo. Of course I still had 6 sorcerers left which cleaned up just fine. There's a way you can lose if you afk. If you level up and it puts another guy next to your yasuo, disabling your exile bonus. Make sure you put the yasuo on the right to solve that. I won by, you know, moving the yasuo. Unsure if that was necessary.
You can probably win a Rift game with jungle Ahri too. Doesn't make it good. I expect Sol or Karthus or Veigar would have done it better.
It's in Ohio and it's killing regulations and renewables. I have a pretty good guess.
They fixed it about two hours ago.
&gt;the real problem is regulatory capture which keeps competition out. You'll have to excuse me if I'm skeptical about this phrasing. If regulatory capture were brakes, we'd all agree that there's an issue with the brakes. Some of us would suggest that the answer is to cut the brake lines.
Also Tabzz was told about it and helped popularize it. He didn't invent it.
Obama was right to roll with it. Can you imagine trying to fight it? You still get all the negatives, and get nothing good out of it.
It's *much* more pay to win. Paying non-obscene amounts didn't really help you past a certain point. How much did it cost to max a single legendary? After this update, those who spend the $5 a month will pull significantly ahead of those who don't. The card levels will be higher at any particular rating. Other people will have more options in war battles. They'll also get new cards faster and be more flexible in ladder. This is now a subscription game.
&gt;get off the game. Will do. I've paid enough. I'm not going to accept this P2W shit.
First through third place in NA this season won't be decided by mid or top. I can name a dozen things with more room for movement. The meta changes are huge for jungle. Can anyone keep up with doublelift? There's lots of room for support to make plays. And how coaches deal with the meta will be huge. The difference between Bjergsen, Jensen, and Pobelter is not going to be what decides NA.
That have been growing for 10 years. Hrm. And it's not like wages are rising or standard of living is improving.
So are we.
This is actually a huge relief. I trust Pobelter to get us through a few games just fine, even off role.
Welcome to your city's subreddit? Not that much of a coincidence.
There's potential of 12 or 13 cs per minute in each lane, right?
But hey, if a woman in a strip club doesn't like Trump, they'll be *all over it*. Make shit up if they need to.
I do feel that captials need to be balanced to be less effective against subcaps. But a large problem is also the ubiquity of structures and the difficulty in killing them. By having so many structures that are so resilient, the only structure that *matters* are staging structures. And of course in a battle over a single, supremely important structure, a significant titan/super/capital advantage *should* probably win. My point is that the problem isn't *just* capitals vs subcaps, structures are also tied into tipping the balance away from subcaps.
https://i.imgur.com/jUzbbkk.jpg
Do you get credit for trying or do you actually have to succeed?
They're all fully clothed with their parents next to them. He's from before that kind of shit was considered creepy. [This, however, is describing sexual assault.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwWux5BAczk) Separately, there's this. &gt;You know, the dresses. ‘Is everyone okay?’ You know, they're standing there with **no clothes**. ‘Is everybody okay?’ And you see these incredible looking women, and so, **I sort of get away with things like that.** But no, I've been very good. Emphasis mine.
Read the chain and see who sounds more like a five year old. Reddit might seem like a continuous conversation from your side, but it's not. This is the same reason politicians work so hard to keep their messaging on script. When you repeat yourself the twentieth time, *you* might feel like they're not getting it, but you're talking to mostly different people every time. You're exasperated because of a conversation you've had a dozen times, sure. But your readers weren't in those conversations, so if you don't put thought into your message you end up just sounding like a dick. You also refused to get the point the other guy was trying to make, which is just going to cause him to argue. Combined with the other thing, you're basically inviting people to think the opposite of what you want. And over what, semantics? Riot doesn't need to change the new jungle at this point. The changes are intentional and working. The jungler is just no longer gifted the most powerful role on the map. They have to earn it. I think that's what you're trying to get across?
I think that's largely due to the reduced role of subcaps.
Pro tip: If you do whatever the majority wants you'll turn the game into something nobody wants to play. They've already done some of this. So did WoW. Usually it comes in the form of fast travel, making the world feel small. The players are supposed to want things. That's what keeps the game interesting. If you make it too easy the game isn't worth playing.
I did. Blackout was great and needed for the long term growth of the game. Blackout was the right solution. CCP should have bit the bullet in the short term concurrent player count. It would have recovered within two years, and the game would have continued to grow from there.
Yeah, the ping is not the problem. I wish people would quit harping on the least relevant thing with *only shitty solutions*.
&gt;And climate policy Australia has always been like this. That's how you know the climate isn't changing. (I know someone out there needs to be told this is sarcasm.)
Yeah, dude. Don't use real phone numbers like that. Have a little respect for what those people do.
I can't wait to see how the wall is going to stop people from overstaying their legal visas.
But the list is distributed to many different places. Getting (actually) removed from one won't remove you from all of them. But yeah, they really don't like you wasting their time. It's actually hard to sound gullible enough to keep them on the line.
And it'll always be that way for most people. We'll always need people to do the jobs nobody else wants to do. What we can do about it is treat those people well. Pay them a living wage. Reduce hours per week. More vacation time, and retire at a reasonable age. My idea of Utopia is garbage men working 3 or 4 days a week, 6 hours a day, and then retiring at 55. We can't do that now, but we could certainly be a lot closer than we are. But no matter what, the crappy jobs are never going to just disappear completely. When we automate more jobs and make advances in efficiency, stuff like this should get easier and easier. For some reason, despite all our gains, we're not making much progress there.
On highways giving the proper follow distance also helps prevent and fix traffic jams. The guy in front of you brakes, but you don't have to. This prevents a chain reaction of breaking that can go on for miles of highway. And these jams can start from basically nothing at all.
Try asking your team *well in advance* if you can go catch those 2.5 waves bot side. You don't need a reply, just ask and then go do it. When you're bot side, ping them back if they still look like they're going to engage. At 15 minutes 2.5 waves is about 380 gold ^[source](http://mullinator.com/tools/cscore?c=154&amp;t=16.50&amp;p=80) and of course a good chunk of xp, and probably some damage on your tower. If you don't go pick that up, you basically need to be sure the fight starts *and that you win it* in order to come out ahead. You can't just hold the line. The lower you go in rank, the harder this is to do. But I'd rather build good habits than bad ones. You never know which portions of the game your teammates will be good at. Sometimes they can surprise you.
Done. There's some dramatization, but it seems pretty accurate.
5k per player is fine. 5k is still relevant if you're making 100k a year. 5k every weekend is 250k a year.
Also don't play with your experienced friends. It'll boost your ranking until you learn that the only way to win games is to not do anything and avoid dying. (Reducing your agency in the game.) That's a good skill to have in your back pocket, but it's not fun to do it every game.
It's not just learning a champ, though that does help. There's a *lot* to learn about the game. Bl everyone tends to passively learn a lot in their early games and then start to plateau. Some people work to climb out of that plateau, and some don't care to study the game. After your first hundred games or so trying to actively learn is more important than playing more games.
I've been working on my flex rating lately. The amount of time wasted between a won team fight and taking the objective is mind boggling.
If your team is good enough to sit back and wave clear, sure. You lose a dragon or two, everyone farms up, and then you find a pick or an advantageous team fight and you're back in it. It's not easy, but it's not supposed to be easy when you lose two lanes.
If you don't bring at least two sightstones in this meta, you're not doing it right. I know I sound crazy now, but give it a few months.
&gt; Most games were pretty much over before i had the chance to do something. You're playing jungle?
This is a naive take.
They also don't care that Trump has been using an unsecured cell phone that assuredly everyone *except the US* can spy on. They don't care that the Trump children have been using unsecured email servers. They don't care that Mar a Lago guests knew more about the assassination on Iraqi soil than Congress.
Well, we know some things. It probably wasn't South Africa, Australia, or France.
&gt; Randomized thing like this can only be worthless or busted OP. I agree. I'm hoping for worthless, but that cooldown looks kind of busted.
You don't have to live in the hole to use the hole. It does take longer to have 2-3 scanners than just having filaments though.
You only get to heal Olaf once. Maybe twice if you suicide.
Soraka getting an early heal or two on Olaf makes a huge difference. You know her W is a 2 second cooldown late game, right? Soraka's power spikes are levels 2-4 and very late game when you enable your AD to kill anything that comes close.
It's immature, but shit happens. We've all been there.
It gets much worse if you go into tft too. They just *expect* you to have all this league knowledge.
It's such a small niche though. It feels like it's all about sales numbers for that champion with no regard for what it does to the game. Aphelios is a reason new players should stay away from league. He's an asterisk where I have to say, "yeah, ignore that for now". He's a burden on the game.
That's how your Walkman gets viruses.
Because we need the ability to respond on a moment's notice. You can't* do that with 500 people. Of course that's supposed to be what the Gang of 8 is for, but afaik it has no legal binding.
I probably wouldn't take a picture either, just to be polite. It's not like we really need proof of this *one specific instance*.
Fixed, ty.
I was wrong; it is required by law. &gt;Under normal conditions, the President of the United States is required by Title 50 U.S.C. § 3091(a)(1) to "ensure that the congressional intelligence committees are kept fully and currently informed of the intelligence activities of the United States, including any significant anticipated intelligence activity as required by [the] title." However, under "extraordinary circumstances", when the President thinks "it is essential to limit access" to information about a covert action, 50 U.S.C. § 3093(c)(2) allows the President to limit reporting to the Gang of Eight.
Resigning doesn't do much at this stage. You've gotta stay and do what you can.
Not as bad as the biomass corp mail.
So the police should decide who gets executed and not have to justify it at all. Maybe just file some bullshit paperwork to have a thin veneer of an excuse for justification, just in case. They've earned less than zero trust when it comes to the use of violence.
Take cover and don't shoot him unless he's an immediate threat.
Yeah, I'm proud of them for showing it, honestly. Shows that they really do recognize the issue and will really work to get it fixed. To me that means they're not trying to sweep it under the rug.
You just have to restart it every few games. And don't leave the client up overnight or for long periods of time.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2017/03/08/the-luxury-of-telling-poor-people-that-iphones-are-a-luxury/
Or, you know, Tesla is doing something new, very cool, and potentially revolutionary (as self-driving progresses). And they're blazing a trail that traditional manufacturers can't keep up with. That tends to attract interest and fans.
You know what'd be smart? For high elo they could make the queue pop only every 15 or 30 minute increments after the hour. Your queue might still be 15 minutes *sometimes*, but you know exactly when it's going to pop and don't have to babysit your computer during that time. There's a few things to make this work. Just under the breakpoint for the periodic queue, you'd have to sometimes hold a few people to potentially act as filler, especially depending on role. A bit more leeway on dodges, and harsher penalites when it does happen. Small things like that. It's gotta be a lot easier to do matchmaking with a static list of people, especially when you can throw the leftovers back into the main pool. And it's better for players to just know their queue is going to pop at exactly 12:30 instead of anywhere between 0 and 25 minutes. By definition of extreme matchmaking, you're not going to have so many games starting at once that it's a problem. This is grandmasters, not clash.
The hivemind won't like this. I'm all for easier voting. National holiday, extended hours, early voting, same day registration are all great. But I don't like the insecurities of mail-in ballots on a national scale.
Have you heard of Brexit? Australia?
Sounds like you just want to blame whoever your teammates are. Locus of control is a term you should learn.
What's that tempshift plate behind the robo-miners? I have a feeling that's the key I'm missing.
Okay, you have an argument there, since you do *start* with all the information, and theoretically everything is visible. I'm not saying you're right, because you can definitely argue both ways. But you get my point.
I'd think this thread was astroturfing if I hadn't had the same experience. Time for someone to buy them out, mark up all the products 10%, reduce costs by gutting quality, and rake in the cash for a few years until all the money is wrung out of their reputation.
If it's in the daily mail it's more likely false than true.
Winning 76 games in a row is an extreme case, but it's an extreme case of expected behavior. If someone goes 30-3, they probably should be moving up in rank pretty quickly. If they're not, there's a problem. So these guys are what, 76-10? Should be pretty clear even if they did get them in an odd order.
&gt;For a digital thermostat, decimal points are available Are they?
I don't know if I've ever seen a car without an option for kilometers. And most cars are digital. On gauges the km marks are smaller and on the inside of the curve, but they're usable.
You get used to it faster than you'd think.
Selfishness is another fine reason for single payer healthcare. Right now we pay more per person for healthcare than anyone else in the world, and it's not close.
The world already knows that part.
It's uNFaiR that I might have to PvP during my PvE.
Please give api endpoint to send isk from corp wallet, thanks. Can you imagine how much easier SRP would be?
Perfect for your high sec slave mining operations!
Maybe don't charge the guy with the gun? They very obviously weren't trying to deescalate, and they weren't taking cover. They were relying on lethal force for their first and only line of defense while escalating the situation.
It's good advice until he gets to that part.
Smart. A lot easier to google for.
&gt; many Republicans departing office actually speaking up after it stopped being critical for them to do so. It's the other way around. Any Republican who speaks up loses their job. And apparently they value their jobs more than their country. This is why we *have* a republic. So that our representatives can be more educated on issues than the general public. These Republicans know what's going on; they just value their position more. It's despicable.
Is such a stupid and shallow answer. The US nuking Moscow would be "chaos". Pretty sure they don't want that. They have specific goals, and "chaos" is a tool to achieve some of those goals. It's not a goal in and of itself.
Yeah, but you can just wait out their AB timer. How fast are T2 sirens?
A rewrite under the conditions of the last 50 years would almost certainly be worse.
The more effective "bots" aren't even bots. They're paid shills working in cubicles.
It's marginally different. "He quit EVE" implies he made a decision to never come back.
&gt; set up a meeting with a country’s top general through an intermediary country Wait, what? I hadn't heard about this part. Did we lure him to that airport? Did we bring in Iraq to facilitate? I would think those important details would have been included in the news coverage.
The "caught and embarrassed" read is correct though. Watch his other hand.
What's Dennis Rodman doing these days?
The reasons for the degradation in our laws and values over the last 50 years would apply heavily and quickly in a rewrite. The same reason you want a rewrite is why it's a bad idea.
&gt; because they are shit and like to express themselves That's a bit of an understatement.
Because the Garen had gone to that side. I don't think his plan went farther than "away from Garen".
Duo queue would still exist. You can queue with 2, 3, or 5 people, just not in SOLO queue.
Do your think people called the Boston Tea Party cringy?
Sounds like a good place to hide malware. Granted, this situation *probably* is a false positive. If this were actual malware, what would this conversation look like? Probably just like this. I understand how pyinstaller would trigger false positives. But false positives are a great place to hide real positives. And references libraries aren't just automatically safe, even if the previous version was safe.
Sound warning
Our constitution was not designed to handle political parties. And the Senate is supposed to be independent, a co-equal branch of government that does not answer to the White House.
Interesting that you think paying a living wage is feudalism but paying $8 an hour is somehow not feudalism. What's the breaking point for feudalism vs not feudalism?
Well, if 2020 is Bjergsen's TSM, it probably won't. Welcome TSM Wardoch.
It's how you keep your steaks in line.
HEY GUYS, THE PROJECT IS DUE FRIDAY. They had to stay up all night for this, you know.
They do keep making the start menu worse with every iteration of Windows since 7. I don't know how they managed that one.
&gt; Republican Senators would clap Including Ted Cruz.
What are Champion Spells?
Just like all those advertising dollars Coca-cola spends. What a waste.
Everybody already knows what Coca-cola is, and nobody's going out to buy some right now because they're horny for polar bears. The AT is good for retention, even for players who don't directly participate. There were plenty of players out there playing solo or small group with the idea that maybe or maybe they wouldn't go to the AT some day.
I mean, you can't leave off the second half of that quote. &gt;but the more I looked, I realized he was either an alt of, or friends with HTP, PHEW, and basically all the people I was trying to avoid.
It should still be more modular and easier to work on regardless of how much the smaller pieces are a mess.
It's the other way, imo. Eventually those dudes with a dozen rorquals realize that what they're doing isn't fun anymore, and don't even know what they were making all that isk for. It's the AT dudes that took breaks, but came back year after year. And it wasn't just the participants that came back. CCP has gone in hard on the short term at the expense of the long term.
If you don't know the person you're buying the account from it was botted. 100%
You're mad about not gaining rank when you go 3-3?
&gt; could actually be an bio weapons that leaked, not a normal virus. Well, that part is hysteria.
So far the reported fatality rate from China is about 2.8% The fatality rate of the common flu is 0.014%
So far the reported fatality rate from China is about 2.8% The fatality rate of the common flu is 0.014% Yeah, if you get it there's a 97% chance you live. That's still pretty serious.
I think that's pretty normal. I had an 80%+ win rate the first day or two. And then I suddenly and violently hit my MMR plateau. Now I'm at a solid 50% win rate.
Yeah, I think the key is to make what reasonable and small changes you can. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
If the power creep wasn't so bad we wouldn't need these reworks.
Your wristband or fob can be stolen.
I think if you're experienced with card games you climb really fast up until you hit your Elo plateau. I had an ~80% win rate for about 30-50 games up until I suddenly and violently dropped to 50%.
I'd expect /u/zerkeron was talking more about Gen X getting divorces in their 20s, which lines up with my experience. Divorces seemed a lot more common in the 80s and early 90s.
There's always the risk that their next stooge, once installed, might actually serve their country. Look at Rex Tillerson, for example.
&gt; when Republicans are stating Democrats are interfering in the election and things need to be investigated, what happens then? It'll go the other way. There will be tampering with election results and Republican Secretaries of State and the DoJ won't care to look into it.
Before or after you undock?
I did watch the trial. Did you? And do you have examples of all these great things you think he's done?
&gt; I'm not sure Then why comment?
https://youtu.be/EwrSlzZC31w
So are they out? It's been 25 hours.
Or just go the non-technical route. Pass a law saying the burden of proof is on them any time their camera is off.
I was big into wow classic at the time. I immediately dropped that and haven't touched a blizzard product since. I know it's not much, but it's more than nothing.
https://youtu.be/E5VMZqgVzRo
I mean, I haven't touched a Blizzard product since Blitzchung. There may not be many of us, but I'm sure I'm not the only one.
I was excited for Alterac Valley, but I hear that didn't turn out super well.
Maybe next administration.
Solely because it got enough attention. Do you really want to depend on Reddit and CNN to maintain your rights?
Didn't he sell your public utilities to private companies for pennies on the dollar?
He did deploy active military to DC, by the way.
There's nothing wrong with that. One issue at a time, and Hong Kong absolutely needs our support. This has been scheduled for awhile. What, do you want them to cancel it? Warren was out with the DC protesters yesterday. And she's not the only one. They know.
82nd Airborne Division of the Army, among others, is deployed near DC; they just haven't entered the city yet. https://www.stripes.com/news/us/at-trump-s-command-pentagon-rushes-active-duty-troops-to-dc-but-prefers-not-to-use-them-1.632173 I did learn from this that they didn't have boots down in DC, so thanks for that correction.
It's both, Black Lives Matter and police accountability in general. Black people are absolutely more likely to suffer from police abuse of power. But it certainly doesn't stop there. I wouldn't say it's class at all in this case.
Like the traitor that only pled guilty to lying to the FBI.
&gt;Fuck me if that ain't on purpose. The ship is scheduled to sink on November 3rd. Jumping off the ship in October is too obvious. They don't want to be the last on the ship when Biden starts picking up endorsements from the far right. "We love money, but we also need a functional society in which to spend it."
Anonymous was more organized because they originally all came from 4chan. And I know how organized 4chan can be. I've almost seen them count.
Edit: My mistake, this isn't a repost.
It depends on what kind of tracking they're doing. The article doesn't have much detail. The warnings clearly imply technical reasons, such as *the domain you're visiting* tracking you (of course), and your DNS provider, which is technically necessary. I can see searching from the incognito address bar going either way. If they're doing more tracking on top of those, I'd expect the court to side against Google.
&gt; murdalize the kassadin because he is super fucking fed How? You want Jhin doing 1500 damage per auto? Sneaky hits him with 3 autos and a Q. That's it. Sneaky put himself in a position where he couldn't use any of his kit and didn't have a range advantage with one of the worst dueling ADCs in the game. If he wants to play like that he'd be better off on Ezreal, Tristana, Vayne, Kaisa, or Corki.
It depends a lot on your position with them. If you pass them briefly while they're casually spouting this crap, I think it's fine to engage them on that same level. It's not like you're going to sit them down and start pulling up sources in an interaction like that. It's important to not just let them get away with it. Now if you're closer, such as family, you can take a longer, more effective, and measured path.
Less lethal.
vicda was just confused about what a PAC is. It didn't make sense in context, because he was referring to legal liability. In that context a company's donation to a PAC would have zero relevance.
If Riot listened to Reddit here people would go 0-3 and then spend the rest of the game desperately avoiding fights at any cost. Imagine being an 0-2 AD vs a 2-0 Leona and 2-0 lucian. Do you even go back to lane? Not worth getting banned, just gave all towers. Go blue trinket and hide the rest of the game.
Yes, somewhat. On the other hand Riot could give a handy to every player who plays three games in a week and people would still bitch about it. I don't see a problem with holding challenger to a higher standard. There are some trickle down effects when you don't have kids trying to emulate Tyler1.
You had me until the last sentence.
My strengths in the game are warding, wave management, and being aggressive about objectives. But a few extra waves and free dragons don't directly show up in my KDA. My biggest weakness is judging which fights I can or can not take with even numbers. I feed *most* games, including the ones I win. In addition, lately I've only been playing a game once a week or two. The rust plus my old mmr does not help matters. I also tend to experiment with things until I find a broken strat that works for me. I found ardent rush Soraka six months before the ardent meta. I fully expect to be banned if they turn up "int" detection to the level Reddit wants.
Have it tell them after the game, not during.
While we're at it, please address session timers. Any reductions there would be a huge QoL change.
It's a great idea, just implemented terribly. They needed to find a way to grandfather in old stuff. Automatic asset safety for structures that were abandoned when the patch went live would have helped.
One of those is not like the others. You stuck it at the end for a reason. &gt;Things like: &gt; &gt;&gt;Deciding not to protest &gt; &gt;&gt;You make don't any posts with the hashtag &gt; &gt;&gt;You believe that making such posts then not taking any meaningful action does not help in ending racism Nobody gives a shit. Who tf is checking up on you to say, "I haven't seen you use the blacklivesmatter hashtag"?
Once you're deployed to US streets, you're going to have some outliers that begin to normalize treating Americans as enemy combatants. That's why the line is here, and not after you're deployed.
There are important things to bury right now. The reposts have been strong.
He's in serious but stable condition.
Good cops can't do it. Chris Dorner was a good cop for a long time and look where it got him. We need bigger reform than that.
&gt; hurts the members of the alliance more than management Haha, nope. Disabling the application key would be a kick in the nuts for Fraternity IT. Members may have to put ESI keys back in, which would be a pita. But if they refuse to do it in large numbers, what is Frat gonna do? Kick a couple thousand pilots? It's incredibly important for an alliance's IT to be upfront and honest with what they're doing with your keys. That's a trust where once it's gone, it's gone forever. The risk to benefit ratio for this scam was... stupid.
An exploit is a vulnerability that can be taken advantage of by others. You report those privately (at first) to give the publisher time to fix it before other people start taking advantage of the exploit. That doesn't really apply here. It's just fraud.
97% of the time they're taking obese diabetics to the hospital or other non-emergency "boo-boos" as the OP puts it. Sometimes it's just a car wreck where nobody's really hurt, but nobody's really *sure* that there are no serious injuries. But yeah, that 3% is important. My numbers might be off, especially for volunteer, but the concept holds. A majority of calls aren't a super time-sensitive, life or death emergency.
You can tell by all the people who have Dublin, Hilliard, Upper Arlington, and Polaris flairs.
Yeah, it's bad. It's real bad. It's not fucking Auschwitz.
It makes an important, valuable message look dumb. It's disappointing.
Minneapolis. Weird. Almost like they (and many other cities) have a systemic problem.
How have the DC police been? Any abuses of power out of DC have been national guard, right?
She would have said that.
&gt; dark charisma I wouldn't say that. It gives him too much credit. He's just willing to say the quiet part out loud. These are people who don't understand how big federal decisions tend to slowly trickle down into everyone's lives. They want brashness and immediate results. There's no one more brash than Trump.
Like the ones slashing tires in this picture?
This just sounds to me like the league argument of: Get level 30 and head straight into ranked. or Play 100 normal games before touching ranked. Does it really matter if you climb bronze to gold in six months or if you wait six month and get straight into gold? Not really. I will say that I'm absolutely less motivated to play the game without ranked, and I have friends who won't touch it until ranked comes out. Will these people wait around for three weeks or will they find something else to do? Sure, I get that you care more about the long term. What are you gaining by holding back ranked?
The more local my government gets the more corrupt it is, right down to the HOAs. At least it used to be that way until recently.
Military crisis in real life: "The president wants us to attack Americans for using bad words at cops."
It's not that black and white. Sometimes a bit of... tarof? can be good. Not all the time.
Gotta adjust for how low the bar has gotten these days.
It's clearly a buff. You even retain some of that functionality.
Then vote in primaries. This is a shit excuse.
The argued point of the second amendment was to allow extrajudicial threats and options when the established system failed. The intention was never to just let people get away with it. It would be a big sacrifice with unpredictable results.
&gt;The system has not wholly failed, which is why we are not at the point where the public has to resort to drastic measures like firearm use. Perfectly valid opinion. I can't say I know my own. Chris Dorner did this, but he sure as hell didn't do it right. I absolutely don't want someone going the Dorner route. &gt;That is a line that is not easily repaired once it is crossed. &gt; Absolutely true. &gt;Trust me, if shit was truly at that point people would be using whatever they could get their hands on to defend themselves. Like they did in Nazi Germany? It doesn't quite work like that.
&gt; successfully blitzkrieged by the Germans You say that like the blitzkrieg was a joke.
I hope we start getting UN monitoring after the next administration. Granted we need it now, but getting it after the election is very plausible.
&gt;Stevens predicted that if the public believes that corporations dominate elections, disaffected voters will stop participating. (Stevens dissented on Citizens United.) Oh no, they'll be voting. He must not have realized *how much propaganda* unlimited money can buy.
If it only gave 40 health I'd be okay with it.
Why not? Democrats absolutely want free and fair elections.
Phoenix gets 50 health, it takes longer, and it doesn't give armor. Do you not know how good armor is? Hell, make it always armor if you want.
Spray is *actually* spray instead of something you just memorize and filter out. The new map has a large, central open area.
Faster internet means more bandwidth, not lower ping. More bandwidth almost never helps you be competitive.
&gt; Voting is for poor people... Nah, they're getting rid of that. Look at Georgia yesterday.
If they wanted that then they should have done it in the 90s. Besides, look at how they're reacting to peaceful protests. It's clear this isn't about training. It's about accountability. We can't have unaccountable people walking around with guns every day. We can't have unaccountable people regardless, but the guns make it worse.
&gt;I don't subscribe to a political party, but stand for what is best for Americans. In 2020 that's Democrats. Clearly. You don't have to subscribe for life. The Democratic Party doesn't have to form part of your identity. That kind of blind loyalty is what led us into this shit hole in the first place. But they're clearly what's best right now.
He sold out on the VP pick back when some of them still had principles to sell out.
&gt;However you will not be able to perfect a spray pattern without actually doing it over thousands of times. Sounds like a fun game.
Really? Their last video with the casters was awesome. This one dropped the ball. The poses seemed really forced and uncomfortable, and they were *constant*.
Yeah, I understand where McCain was coming from. And it wasn't all intentional. They didn't know how bad she was. &gt;he has convictions and stands up for them. Does he though? He voted that Trump did not obstruct justice.
That's fair, but last hitting serves a major purpose, the same purpose as ante in poker. Last hitting at medium to high levels starts to become an important part of the strategy in its own right. Mobas without last hitting is like Counter-strike without the bomb. Items are less integral to the game, but they still have interesting decisions sometimes. You're right when everyone buys the same items every game and there's little to no variation, but that's *usually* not the case. Still, it's close enough that it's a valid opinion. In competitive games you generally want to avoid situations where there's only one correct, pass or fail answer.
&gt;on July 4th. I can make that argument. It's patriotic to realize how your country is fucked up and to want to make it better. Yeah, that's absolutely not the intent when they play it. It's what I'm thinking when I hear it.
You mean like when Republicans play "Born in the USA at rallies? Or when Queen doesn't want Trump using their music at rallies? Or when Pharrell Williams' doesn't want Trump playing "Happy" mere hours after a deadly shooting at a Pittsburgh synagogue took 11 lives? Or when Foo Fighters told John McCain “To have [My Hero] appropriated without our knowledge and used in a manner that perverts the original sentiment of the lyric just tarnishes the song.”
&gt; some older people get up and walk out during that bit. Probably half the point. Those people can fuck right off.
Nah, you can accidently kill people like that.
&gt; Political literacy is at an all-time low because the people we trust to make us literate make more money when they carefully curate the information we receive. It sure helps them do so when you have people going around saying "both sides" as if CNN counts as "left-leaning".
It's gender neutral.
I did it. It's gone mostly well except I'm concerned the leader of the country is going to drive it into the ground and the cops here are corrupt as fuck. But I went to Ohio instead of Mexico.
&gt;items in mobas You might find this interesting. https://na.leagueoflegends.com/en-us/news/dev/preseason-2021-gameplay-plans/ Or maybe not. I just couldn't help mentioning it when we talked about this yesterday.
Yep, bullshit. It's absolutely right for Doublelift to take responsibility. I'm not him. I can say it's bullshit. He's not the only player that goes through this, and it wasn't having a huge effect on his performance. He just said things out loud that Reddit didn't like.
Don't forget about the Chris Dorner story before he went off the rails.
Hell, give me equity and I'll stay with TSM as long as you want.
If you do it 3-4 times in a row, they probably won't have anyone in heaven the fifth time. You can make patterns, but eventually you should change it up. My favorite on offense is to smoke B on Haven 4-5 times, then leave it open and just walk on in.
If you're not shooting to kill, why are you shooting? So these cops didn't have to run anymore, I guess.
I don't believe the Bible was actually upside down. The bookmark was out of the bottom, but that's pretty common. The words on the spine appeared to be correct. The video is available if you want to review.
We have the most powerful military in the world by far. As our technology for detecting emissions gets better we should just bomb the fuck out of the highest emission areas. It's hard to come up with a better reason for the use of force than literally saving the world.
&gt;And that is the nightmare "the ends justify the means" scenario we are sleepwalking toward. Are you talking about gradual build up of CO2 and climate change?
It was a cheap Blu-ray player though.
&gt;Obama and democrats said “russia is the enemy. Not china” for fucking years my guy. You're kidding, right? https://youtu.be/T1409sXBleg
I'd be exhausted too if I was negotiating with someone who couldn't hold a position for a full day.
Nah, he's not doing everything with explicit direction, but he absolutely answers to Putin. Have you seen him kowtowing to Putin? https://youtu.be/2-Xw0_2eMJg
&gt; a $1.8 million hospital bill It was a list of charges, not a bill. Luckily, this is exactly the kind of thing our insurance system is good at (as long as he *had* private insurance). Obama got rid of the caps, so he should get a bill for $7-10k and his insurance should pick up the rest. Our system is pretty bad, but if this guy was insured he should be okay here. In fact, Coronavirus in particular is *almost* like single-payer. He might not have to pay anything. https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/inspiring-story-of-seattle-mans-coronavirus-survival-comes-with-a-1-1-million-dollar-hospital-bill/
It's not fake and he didn't "admit" that. It's more like 50/50. You take absolutely real things and exaggerate them for entertainment value. But you don't just completely make things up unless the audience is in on it.
You think WWE is half true?
Not *those* recording devices, only the other ones.
Yeah, that's great and all. It's not on the same scale as *modern computing* or *the internet*, both of which became common in the 90s.
tl;dr of the video: These people are like slaves. Treat your slaves well.
You shouldn't. At least half of it will be finding out ways he's damaged the country.
And people who made gainz were 80% more likely to respond to that survey.
I like how you've made this completely gender based when it has little to do with gender. This is an age and power discrepancy issue.
It's certainly creepy and weird. No, it doesn't need to be illegal.
Yeah, let's just turn Reddit into a repeating marquee of the same couple hundred posts.
Yeah. I mean there's some truth to it. The root issue has been police brutality and their lack of accountability for it. Racism is a secondary issue. But it's a secondary issue that has made the the root cause a hundred times worse, and that deserves to be acknowledged. The reforms needed to save black lives will enforce *everyone's* rights. Black Lives Matter inherently includes all lives while the opposite ironically doesn't.
Just do a 360 and walk away.
Maybe in solo queue. When your team looks at each other and says "if we don't feed for 12 minutes, we win" it gets a lot easier.
This didn't say shit about invading Delve.
Nah, just change the laws to give them less than zero credibility in court without video evidence. Civilians are innocent until proven guilty, cops don't have to be. If the cop pulls me over and I say he used excessive force, then he used excessive force unless he has video to show otherwise. One of the best examples of body cam use is [this justified police shooting](https://youtu.be/aor69n6Pg0E). The video is very clear. Without it, I'd never believe the cops. With it I empathize with them and am sorry they had to go through that. * Change the laws to put the burden of evidence on cops. Body cams mandatory and footage expected. Lack of or obstruction of footage is automatic evidence against the officers. * Change/create an accountability system for the police. Separate those who hold police accountable from those who need police cooperation. Include random spot checks. Officers should occasionally be arresting those who ultimately have authority over them. * Remove guns from cops on a regular beat. Cops have proven they can't handle the responsibility for now. Guns should only be accessible in the case of known armed suspects. There should be paperwork for just *bringing* a gun to a scene.
And getting your web pages mailed to you from another server also can leave footprint.
Same department that made up bullshit to arrest Stormy Daniels, right? Yeah, CPD is disgustingly political and does not approve of these protests. They'll do what they can get away with. I'm not surprised.
Agreed. Some people just need killing.
I actually looked up who was EG's coach after seeing this draft and watching this game.
Fuck off. This is truly a shitty thing to do.
&gt; the user would have to notice they aren't on the real site through the address bar. This isn't necessary. There are a lot of questions to answer here, but presumably they only need the user on an unsecure site for an unnoticeable amount of time and can immediately redirect to the real site.
No, this isn't "a question". This is specifically harassment.
&gt; vague &gt;instead of anything solid They picked the Ukraine scandal exactly because it was extremely specific, clear, and solid.
Too coherent and on subject. Needs more projection and lies. &gt;Weak and OLD Joe Biden probably hiding because on ventelator trying to ruin our country's GREAT reputation and handling of this virus.
Baking Soda isn't great. It's too easily confused for things that will make it worse.
Around 13% last I heard.
And they finally got a president that represents their ilk perfectly.
She was in the Js. The four names before were Jacqueline JoAnn Juett Julie. It's an easy, plausible slip.
When you add 'gaming' to the title it cuts your wage in half.
"I don't care about politics." You know what happens when you do that shit? Your kid gets shot because some cop fucking felt like it that day. Your aunt dies from a disease that we could have done a hell of a lot more to prevent. Your grandkid dies in some fucking war that we wouldn't have even had to fight if we still had allies that trusted us. That's just the bigger stuff. It also costs you $9 to send your grandkid a birthday card halfway across the country because someone decided to sabotage the USPS. Something bad happens to you and you *really have to think* about whether you should get the MRI your doctor requested because you can't afford the $3500 it's going to cost you. Your gay neighbor's partner died and they're going to lose the house because they were technically not married. The National Weather Service says the hurricane nearby won't hit your area, but you don't really trust them because their budget has been decimated, half the people who work there were from nepotism, and they might just be trying to keep businesses open instead of prioritizing lives.
bOtH SiDeS
It'd be nice to see both of them replaced by fresh talent. I'm generally a fan of low turnover, but it's been long enough.
The blind is hard to nerf, but the healing is easy to nerf. You can make it take longer, reduce the amount (so that each kill only regenerates 40ish total shields/armor), or you can make it not regen armor.
Healthcare is one thing that will *always* be in demand.
It was absolutely a ploy to restrict abortion. It's the only extremely time sensitive procedure that's technically not life threatening. And the election is more important and less risky than sitting inside a restaurant for an hour.
This is some gaslighting, projection bullshit propaganda.
And they got it so cheap. They threw like $6k at charity for summer split and they got branding like they spent $100k.
Sounds like there's some text that's hard coded instead of using variables. Should be a really quick fix, and this bug report should help them notice it.
No, you're just pulling bullshit out of your ass. You have no idea what you're talking about. You're just throwing out the most uneducated, cynical answer and trying to justify it. Sure, you can just say "money" and it has some truth. Just like I can say "physics" to answer almost any "why" question, but it doesn't say much. "Money" isn't adding to the conversation; It's shutting it down. The more interesting answer is elsewhere in the comments. &gt;HBO MAX isnt actually an HBO product it is the parent company (Time Warner) using the HBO brand to push a bigger product. Which is weird because they're taking the HBO name and destroying what it meant.
If that video isn't crystal fucking clear and you're black, you need to get real lucky.
&gt;they will always say you're wrong if it is pro Republican. And we do the same for stuff that's pro Nazi. And pro MLM. And pro Scientology. Weird. If you're supporting the Republican party in 2020, yeah, you're wrong.
Keep in mind that the IRS generally doesn't care if you're selling crack, as long as you pay your taxes on those sales.
Valid point, though I don't know that I agree. Really rooting for a team tends to make sports a hell of a lot more fun to watch. It makes you invested in the game. The "our" thing is a part of making yourself invested. If it makes the game more fun, why not?
&gt; has the tools, just needs to get there with other champs. That generally happens before pro.
Huh, sleeping on TSM this hard? All they have to do is get a coach that knows how to draft. Biolift have a lot of history against Apollo and Hakuho. Bjergsen and Brokenblade have to be favored. TSM has problems, but having a disadvantage in 3 lanes in hard to overcome.
Try not to elevate people by bringing others down. You can rephrase that to be nothing but positives. &gt;I'd love to see you bring your in-game knowledge and delivery to the cast!
Hard rules tend to go bad fast. If you need comments with every third line your code is too complicated or your variable/function names are bad. Comments should generally be reserved for code that is not self-documenting, which will happen. &gt;He absolutely pounds comments into my head every time I come to him with a question. Every time. He might be trying to get you to explain what you're doing to yourself, known as "rubber ducking".
It's like roaches. 17 cases means there are ones you're not seeing. As long as there are still sources out there and not enough people are taking preventative measures, it's going to keep spreading. Masks should have never been a political thing.
And we're 145th in population density. Those two facts combined should have made us the leader in dealing with this thing. We have a large number of people and should have the easiest time of keeping them safe, especially away from the coastal cities.
What support works better in TL's comp than Blitz?
If you just keep calling her fat she'll have motivation to lose weight. I think Phreak was fine here, but that logic is bad.
Pretty sure Germany coined the term.
&gt; anonymising the defendant I don't think defense attorneys would appreciate that.
No. They're in a position with authority and regular use of lethal force. People in that position should *obviously* be held to a higher standard. And I'm not targeting "citizens" unfairly. It's a choice to be a cop. If you can't handle the responsibility, find another job. Cops in 2020 can have the technology and ability to have evidence in 100% of the cases where they're doing their job. Their job of *enforcing the law* is likely to be litigious by definition. If they're choosing not to record and provide evidence, there's a reason for it. They don't want to follow the law. Cops should not be given the benefit of the doubt. They should prove their actions are justified.
You finally provide a source. Your cited case was from the Washington Supreme Court in 1984. However, it went to the Washington Supreme Court and it was not unanimous. In that same ruling it's stated that "states are free to determine burden of proof rules", and at least one judge on the Washington Supreme Court believed it was constitutional. United States Supreme Court [MARTIN v. OHIO(1987)](https://caselaw.findlaw.com/us-supreme-court/480/228.html) &gt;Under the Ohio Revised Code (Code), the burden of proving the elements of a criminal offense is upon the prosecution, but, for an affirmative defense, the burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence is placed on the accused. Self-defense is an affirmative defense under Ohio law and therefore must be proved by the defendant. The United States Supreme Court held that the presumption of innocence requiring prosecution to prove each element of a crime beyond a reasonable doubt only applies to elements of the offense, and does not extend to the defense of justification, whereby states could legislate a burden on the defense to prove justification. The decision was split 5–4. The decision does not preclude states from requiring such a burden on the prosecution in their laws. So it appears it now varies by state and is not consistent federally. Which means we can absolutely pass laws to place that burden of proving self defense on the accused. Additionally, I would argue that lack of body cam footage *can be* evidence that the officer was not acting in self defense, especially if the law specifically states as much. Going further, this is just for normal citizens. Part of the problem is that this does not apply to cops, cops getting *better* legal treatment than normal citizens absolutely has to be fixed. tl;dr We absolutely can make laws to put the burden of proving self-defense on cops. At the very least we can treat them as normal citizens, and I believe we place more responsibility for gathering evidence on cops. You would think cops would know a thing or two about gathering evidence.
Are you a cop? You know you have to tell me if you're a cop.
I mean, this wasn't a three tank comp where Doublelift could sit back until the path was clear. He absolutely had to tank *some* shit. That situation just happened to be a bit much.
LateStageCapitalism The posts are mostly pretty innocuous, but the comments use the same censoring/banning tactics as t_d.
It wouldn't be random. It'd be named Tranquility Trading Cooperative [TTC]. But yeah, it was like 95% you wouldn't fall for that. Worth mentioning it for the 5%. It's not like I recognize your Reddit name.
There was plenty of cloaky camping from others. It's just a pita that hurts both sides. Goons have had 3-4 times the population of TEST, and TEST has one of the most competent large blackops groups in the game. Neither side wants to deal with that constantly.
Yes. We had just been evicted from Vale. If the same people followed and evicted us from our new home, goons were the next target. Goons wanted TEST as a meatshield and bait. TEST didn't want to be evicted again. Both goons and TEST were much weaker back then. TEST barely had a small handful of supers. Building a super was risky when PL might come and knock over the POS at any time. And there wasn't much point in owning a super when NCPL could cross the galaxy in 30 minutes to hump whatever fight you were having with ten times the number of supers. Jump Fatigue in the Phoebe release of 2014 really changed everything. It took awhile for those changes to really take effect. Supers aren't built overnight, and we didn't live that far from PL at the time anyway. Uh, yeah, those forts were mutually beneficial.
Maybe. Pretty sure Mittani wanted to soak up those MERs as long as possible. And obviously Pittsburgh didn't go about it the right way.
We ended up doing fine, but we couldn't know for sure it would take so long for NC to show up. Turns out when either Goons or NC show up the server crashes. But you can't plan around that in advance. Without goon help we couldn't have dropped. Goons and TAPI both wanted time to rebuild. We got that, largely thanks to UALX.
Was their guy slowboating a freighter from 10km out?
