I've used a kroger meal kit or two before, and there is still a shitload of extra packaging - plastic bags, little boxes. Obviously less than delivery because it isn't delivered in a box with packing and ice packs.
&gt; spoil the Steelers chance at the playoffs [uhh.... ](https://media.tenor.com/images/783ccbac54b90b7a67e409fa841c6b81/tenor.gif)
Roll Tide
whaaaaaaaaaaaat im jelly. My crown took like 4 visit. Visit one - yup you need a crown Visit two - drill baby drill, here's a fake one Visit three - install the new one! Visit four - touch it up
Seriously tho they should show more Looney Tunes.
Make sure to eat the title page too so you can remember which book is which
Hmm let's see where OP posts... /r/conspiracy, top one. Ok great. Let's see some other posts of his.... NOPE NOPE NOPE no thankya
&gt;According to Enquirer archives, Hendricks received his "Franciscan robes" in 1962 and, in 1966, was the assistant director of the Over-the-Rhine Youth Club, an organization operated by the Franciscans. Oh god...
That is a lot of bannable actions from community members all in one post.
You've never worked in a kitchen have you? This would rate as 2 out of 10 from a delivery driver in the pizzeria I worked at in High School.
Glad it's all working out for her. Still a shit situation, no 2 ways about it.
&gt; pizza chain in cincy Larosa's. NEXT QUESTION.
Worked at one for 4 years, don't miss it at all.
In my league scores are already correcting, but wins from last week and playoff seedings haven't changed. Just a waiting game, point them to Twitter complaints and tell them to get off your back.
Souvenir bingo space.
I'm headed to a state park and bringing Bulleit with me. No beer I think, all liquor.
House across the street from you has shitty insulation in their attic.
What sort of items are your main profit drivers?
Hobbes' face in the second panel is priceless.
1. Chipotle, I could eat that stuff every day. It just scratches an itch so perfectly 2. Skyline, local chili chain 2. Wendy's for the 4 for 4 3. Potbelly, giardiniera is a must 4. Raising Canes, they do 1 thing and do it well
I usually get coneys tho
Bad news, the original one was bulldozed back in 2002. If you went after that, it wasn't the original. But if it was near Bogarts, you probably went to the one on Ludlow which is the best one.
Day 1: I will never shop at EBTH! They are scum who have no regard for their employees Day 3: I will pay unlimited amounts of money to get that bobblehead. But it looks like the sale ended yesterday night...
It's still got a decal they added to it on the present.
Sorry Yea, you can see the XCon sticker they added.
&gt; I moved out when I was 19, You literally just said: &gt;As someone who moved out of my parents house before I was 18
Everything. Make it entirely, and let it sit. If you're not doing that it's going to really elevate your slaw.
Congrats /u/Ianguilly you are 900-follower instagram famous.
Heck, you could spin it off to a private company and have the people interested in using the pool pay a membership fee! That way, only the people who really want a pool pay for it.
Where do you live? Because in most places in the US, they can fire for you for most reasons or even no reasons. Heck, I could fire you for spelling traffick with a k. Or because you mispronounce the word superb.
A polite way of saying he's throwing terms he doesn't understand around and is going to look like a moron the first time he throws them at someone who does understand them.
After you left there was a good chance they were understaffed, at least for a few hours. You gotta report it immediately.
Oh no now I'm 900 follower Instagram story famous
Old man yells at cloud
Yea, it's killing all ash trees in North America, and could drive them to extinction. I think there is hope because of Central Park - it's so far from any other ash trees that if they can keep the beetle out of the park they can wait till all other ash trees are dead (and the beetle with them) and then reintroduce.
&gt; even a "campfire" gets obnoxious after a while. The worst is the next day if you dont shower before bed. You wake up, it is stale in your hair, and has permeated your pillow.
Unlikely, unless: 1. They aggravated the problem through negligence or reckless action. Snowfall is a natural event, so that by itself is not negligence. If there was a leaky pipe that exacerbated the issue, that might apply. 2. If they are contractually obligated to remove snow/ice. What does the lease specifically say about sidewalks? Does it say they have to keep them cleared and safe, or just maintained? 3. If there was an underlying issue that was the true cause of the accident. For example, a hole or broken paver that caused the actual injury, just obscured by snow. &gt;A number of North Carolina cases have addressed situations in which persons fall on ice and have generally held that when the pedestrian has equal knowledge of the ice, the landowner does not have a duty to remove it Source: http://www.uslaw.org/files/Compendiums2014/Retail/North%20Carolina_Retail_Compendium_of_Law_2014.pdf page 8
What action would you like to take?
I mean, maybe 25 years is a long time, but really buddy? A 12 year old? Jury must have found it VERY unconvincing to give 25 years.
https://www.bizbuysell.com/ohio/cincinnati-businesses-for-sale/ https://www.keatepartners.com/business-listings/ https://us.businessesforsale.com/us/search/businesses-for-sale-in-cincinnati For 'real' business opportunities, you will need to find a broker/agent who has their ear to the sales community. Probably not a lot of info available to the general community.
I see no mustard, only cheese.
Weird that they are posted by different people when they are obviously in the same place, looks like the same hand too.
&gt; It is a public service therefore should not be a private company I dunno, I mean it's PROVIDED by the city, they just farm it out. Public roads are a public service, but many cities farm out the building/repairing of them to local contractors. Duke Energy provides electric/natural gas, but they are a for-profit company (I know, not a good example, they suck too). It would just be so expensive to set up a city company to provide EVERY service. Sure, maybe Cincinnati could swing having their own trash company, but what about St Bernard? Winton Woods? It is generally cheaper, easier, and better service to contract it out to a company who can take advantage of existing facilities, employees, and economies of scale.
You'll be able to find a room.
&gt; Getting drafted in the NFL and flaming out after a few years. I mean that's most players. The average career length is 3.3 years. At least they got to play pro ball and make $500k per year for a few years.
Then, turn on the HDR function on your camera...
Honestly, on a croissant it's more a hotdog than a burger.
Yea I know but he specifically invited us to vent so I did.
Yea i would go RIGHT NOW to draw it in cash from her bank. Can you get to it in the next 20 minutes before they close?
It's definitely going to have to go through your workers comp first, and 100% report it ASAP. They may deny it, in which case it kicks back to your health insurance.
If they come in again, bring it immediately to your supervisor. I don't see anything illegal being done, but yes you could be fired (I think it is unlikely, you would have been fired much earlier), yes you can be sued (but for what? if they wanted to sue, they would have already gotten a lawyer). What you should do it - stay away from them, bring it to your manager every time they come in.
Why not? What if I'm hosting a party and wanted to pick up enough for everyone? No different in my mind than getting a couple kegs and 10 handles of liquor.
You can still see a lot of the deleted posts by replacing reddit with removeddit in the URL
Just so I am clear here, your advice is to commit insurance fraud?
Brink x1000 Lucky Turtle in Finneytown is... there. Go for a walk at Winton Woods, check out the coffee shop in an old bank at the square Fibonacci in Mt Healthy is ok Baccalls is worth checking out just for the onion straws College Hill Coffee ship is good shit
&gt; Coney Island has a drive thru light display through Jan 6- $6 per person. &gt; &gt; $6 per person and 6 hours per person as well. Make sure you fill up the tank before going.
A few breakfast places, but otherwise you're mostly looking at hospitals or universities.
&gt;something else Who knows what it was? Could've been anything. Please don't search the citation number I don't see how that is relevant
I am sure that signing away your rights isn't part of a duty to mitigate. What if the tow company wanted you to sign something giving them POA over you in order to release your car? Both are obviously unreasonable requests.
I think you should drop this. You brought your concerns to your supervisor, which is the correct thing to do. It is in their hands now, not yours. The only other person who could complain/escalate is the patient.
Poor sad pathetic puppy in the first image. He definitely looks leash trained as he took to the rope with no problem.
The bar
By your given odds, she'd actually be better off taking the hundred
&gt; If the guy had done a halfway decent explanation in the first place maybe it would have made more sense. I'm here to pontificate, not educate. Enroll in stats 101 at your local university for more detail.
Chili Time doesn't get near the love it deserves. In all these threads, people always list Blue Ash Chili, Empress, Price Hill.... and the somewhere further down someone chirps in with Chili Time but gets more or less ignored.
I have never seen a trailer for a movie I was so more was going to flop. I don't think I heard a single person be excited for that movie.
&gt; bug hit Arachnid, actually.
Glad I don't recognize any names there.
&gt; It keeps them focused and from going into shock. At the emergency situation I was at, I was amazed at how difficult it was for me to pull out my phone, unlock it, pull up the calling app and dial 911. Stress does crazy things. I also forgot the name of the road I take to work every day.
Riker is overcrowded and NYC doesn't have many other options.
Best time is 20 years ago, second best time is tomorrow.
I mean if he's your dog you name him what you want.
How old are you? If you are young, the dollar-cost-averaging will end up making this dump either good for you or so minor that you won't even notice it. If you retire next year.... good luck.
Many large corporations are doing buybacks, which is like a gift to shareholders - hold your stock and it goes up simply because you own a larger portion of the company because there are fewer shares. I don't see any real parallels to ToysRUs
Maybe, but that place is awful and I am pretty sure they've closed already.
They had issues with a buyOUT from back in 2005, which left them with boatloads of debt that ultimately sank them.
The great thing about mindly parroting an old adage is that if it turns out you are wrong, you can just keep claiming you were right until you die.
&gt; What’s your managers name? Ligma
&gt; I just dropped the stuff back at the warehouse marked undeliverable. A lot of people are going to hate on you for this, and as a consumer I would agree that this is a shitty end experience for us. However I hope people realize and remember that this is AMAZONS fault, not the drivers.
We looked at Brookstone when we moved back to Cinci. Their apartments make it clear there are no laws or regulations on what can be called a Luxury Apartment.
My 10 y.o. nephew was drinking Cheerwine down in Cincy last weekend. Fairly common in the almost-south I guess.
Ebay. They're not even that pricey but be aware they are all used.
I wonder how pedantic someone can be. Does the entire duration of a barking episode count, or ONLY the EXACT instances of the noise? So, if a dog barks 3 times for 1 second each over the course of 45 seconds.... is that 3 seconds of barking or 45 seconds of barking?
That's odd. You definitely don't need the DL of everyone you've ever known ever... do you drive his car regularly?
Does he live locally? Drive the letter over, sign it and date it with him, and bring a witness with you in case he refuses. Send a text followup and email followup afterwards for the paper trail. Save a copy of the letter.
Let me guess - OH LAWD SHE COMIN?
https://www.frederickco.gov/360/Police Emails and phone on the right side
Police officer found dead.
Susan Collins: &gt;“Did he just say that? Ugh, are you ruining my life,” she said as she left a Republican lunch.
Sorry to hear your news. Just remind yourself and your partner that this is not your fault - that many pregnancies end like that early on, and that having a single miscarriage in NO way affects your future likelihood or fertility.
Stereo ADV. The owner and workers are absolute NUTs. Prepare for them to talk your ear of for hours. But yea, they are probably your best bet.
If their dog wasn't hurt, you don't have any liability issues. I doubt you'll get an off leash ticket just on their word. Leash your dog and avoid them in the future.
Are you insured? Has this gone to your insurance already? If so, they do/already have negotiated prices.
Best part is that it wasn't delivered by USPS, so no crime was committed by LAOP - it's not even mail!
Seriously. It would be for ONE THING, and then the Dems get the house so it's useless anyway for the next 2 years. If someone pulls this, it will be early in a 2-year period where they can use it, not at the very last second.
I'm gonna start a gofundme to buy ladders to avoid your comments
I choose this guy's wife too
Found Peyton Manning's reddit account.
If you never open it, maybe... But an opened copy of older games can be had online for... 20 bucks? Hardly collectible, I agree.
Wow 5%! People must have had good Christmases
Playing Ultrasun on the 2ds... Double battles can be excruciatingly bad in terms of frame rate.
While I agree it is completely arbitrary, it seems pretty straightforward to me. But then again, I am a married-filing jointly person with only W-2 jobs, no kids, no house etc. So it's always pretty straightforward. EDIT: Other taxes, attach schedule 4. Wow so descriptive and clear. Edit 2: Wait, where do I add student loan interest?
She will probably always be a bit friendlier because she has had SO MUCH EXPOSURE to humans from a very, very young age. Her mom definitely seems to tolerate her caretakers as well.
I doubt it would apply to individual consumers. But we won't know until we see the wording.
&gt; ПРИМЕЧАНИЕ ДЛЯ РУССКИХ: ЭТО НЕ СЕРЬЕЗНО. МЫ НЕ ИМЕЛИ САМОЛЕТА И ДАЖЕ, ЕСЛИ МЫ ИМЕЛИ САМОЛЕТ, МЫ НЕ ДЕЛИМ НАШИМИ ПЛАНАМИ НА REDDIT. translates to &gt;NOTE FOR RUSSIANS: THIS IS NOT SERIOUS. WE DIDN'T HAVE A PLANE AND EVEN IF WE HAD A PLANE, WE DO NOT SHARE OUR PLANS ON REDDIT. It translates so well on Google Translate that I assume they used google translate to get the wording.
You are likely owed the $1700 from September + October. You could try to hold either him or her liable - if she has more money, it might be easier to sue her. I've got some bad news about the security deposit - you had 30 days from the date the tenant moved out to send them an itemized list about what you are keeping and why. Note that the STATEWIDE law says this only applies to larger landlords. But many areas have stricter laws. If you are in Chicago, it would still apply to you. How much was the security deposit? Has anyone asked you about it? Does it cover the $1700 owed?
NPR did a story on this (and mentions that the theory started on Reddit): https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2018/12/13/676538506/why-are-there-so-many-mattress-stores
3AM Chili, Ice Soap, 3AM Ice Chili Soap I think those were the big memes when I registered.
I always buy flagship phones 1-2 years out of date on Swappa. Generally around $200. If I get 2 years out of it (usually I probably get closer to 18 months) that comes to $17 per month.
Hi excuse me what the fuck
Still 155 to 152.
My wife doesn't allow it in the house :/
They'll conduct a thorough search and hire Marvin Lewis. After all, he already knows the organization and players.
Looks like their so plans a fellowship, so it's another 3 to 4 years after residency till they get paid :/
Or he set it on fire.
Chaos ones are great.
How much beer were you drinking?
I have played cornhole at Madtree. Taft's Brewporium near St Bernard also has cornhole (indoors), along with a shuffleboard table and maybe giant jenga. Dogberry has (had) a skiball machine and either a foosball table or airhockey... I don't remember. Rhinegheist has indoor cornhole. 50 West Production Works has volleyball nets.
The ToC is annual (usually), and he would play in the first game, second game, and the two-day finals for 4 games per tournament. He is 35, so let's say he has 50 more good years in him. He could play in 200 more games and win $12.5 mill more if he sweeps them all! There is also the decade tournaments with the $1mill prize. So basically, he could be on a few days a year if he wants and if they keep inviting him back.
There is no way an $11 hot dog is authentic Chicago style.
Do they do vienna beef dogs and poppyseed buns? So many places get the right dogs but the wrong buns.
People are only willing to promote and pay for solutions that work NOW and father figures + BC to prevent unwanted children are a long-term solution.
For fellowships, I would say high. Not ever facility has each specialty- my wife, for example, has only about 50 different option to chose from. None of them in our city. Only New York, Cleveland, and Chicago have 2 programs in them.
No he's not. He's 100% taking third place out of the game. Even if James gets it wrong and Jay doubles up, James is still ahead. But James can't overtake Emma without Emma getting it wrong- and you've got to assume SHE is betting enough to covers James if HE doubles up - which she did. So James only has a chance if she gets it wrong.
They were all shooting to win - but James didn't have a gun that could shoot as high as Emma's. So he packed it with just enough powder to make sure HIS gun shot higher than Jay's, even with a misfire, because he knew that Emma would HAVE to pack hers with a LOT of powder in case James packed his with a lot of powder - but that increases the chances of a misfire for Emma. James can only win if Emma misfires, get it? It doesn't matter how much powder he uses, Emma has more powder to use. So James just needs to make sure he can shoot higher than Jay no matter what, because he will only EVER win if Emma misfires. If you don't understand the specific game theory, that's on you. There are old calculators that give literally the exact numbers that James and Emma used in their bets. I'm done trying to explain.
&gt; That assumes Emma bet everything, which most people don't. She wrote a masters thesis on Jeopardy, Emma knows exactly what amount to bet. James knew what Emma would bet, Emma knew what James would bet. This is dead simple to everyone... except you.
Well, the top 2 players today bet to them exactly, so *shrug*
Definitely A, but not because he was tired, bored, or outmatched. His strategy relied on him controlling the board and hitting the DDs - when he didn't get them (the first one doesn't count because he didn't have any money), he is just another very smart, very fast player. Good enough to have a chance to win, but not dominant.
What state are you in? You should let your car insurance company know. They will defend you (or pay on your behalf).
You wouldn't have to pay your deductible on a liability claim - that would only be for the damages on your car. If your insurance paid, yea your rates might go up. I would search on google your local countys/city leash laws. Most of them require the dog to be leashed. Oregon State Law does require you to stop and render aid/notify the owner when you hit a dog: https://www.oregonlaws.org/ors/811.710 But the fact that you failed to do so doesn't make you liable for the costs necessarily. I wouldn't pay, I'd let insurance deal with it.
I wouldn't be surprised to see her go on a 10+ game streak. I also wouldn't be surprised to see her lose today. That's Jeopardy!
&gt; So, why not bet more and take a chance on coming in 3rd if you'll finish up getting more money if you get it right? What is the advantage to coming in 2nd over 3rd? Anything at all? Is it just competitiveness? I understand that the wager was consistent with his overall strategy but why not take the chance for a bigger payday? Is it just a moot point since he's won so much all ready? Hopefully someone will read this and understand where I'm coming from, lol. Second and Third don't get their cash amount - they get $2k and $1k respectively. So it doesn't make sense to play for more cash, you want to maximize your chance of winning so you actually get the cash, and another chance tomorrow.
&gt;I googled it and looks like it’s the first step in determining whether he might have a developmental delay. This is just a screening type thing, making sure they are on track with milestones. Everyone gets on at the age milestone. If there ARE delays, don't you want to catch it early? We just got one for our 4month old, which reminds me I need to turn it in. He is super on track for everything except he doesn't like laughing yet so he is technically behind on social - because there are 2 laughing questions!
You should call a local insurance agent and have them shop it for you. Just google your city or zip code plus insurance agent. Feel free to call a couple, but they will mostly have the same markets. I'd sell the mainland car - if its just sitting there, its just depreciating.
I'd drop my 401k contribution to get the employer max and save the rest for a down payment.
Saw this too, it was deleted fast. Wonder what he was doing.
You would want to start by hiring a lawyer in Russia who speaks English. Don't expect this to be cheap, or even possible.
They are based in Russia, which is why you would need a Russian lawyer to look into that. But even if they were based in the US, and there was a law (which I doubt) and they still said no... You'd still need a lawyer to force them.
It helps that Brad has never lost a real game.
Yea, he technically came in third vs Watson and Ken, but those don't count. I think he also scored lower the first day of a final, but made it back the second day to win the match.
This dude read A Confederacy of Dunces and took it as a self help manual.
Dang. That is a hilariously shocking coincidence. Go sarcastically buy a powerball ticket.
You calling dibs or what?
&gt; I myself and others would be offended to have to rely on it for a religious victory. Offended?
If I were to lower the difficulty, would it affect anything else in the game? (map, other civs, etc?) I'm not a king player.
Look at the link. Reddit literally keeps track of gilded submissions and comments. But I will admit - I'm not sure if it is just gold or also the new silver and platinum. Where are the other gilded comments?
If you mean the /u/boobkinos comment, here it is: https://www.reddit.com/r/cincinnati/comments/a6lh24/christian_churches_in_cincy/ebxwqdr/ I doubt the thread was deleted, but if you used reddit's search function, good luck it sucks.
lol well now THIS thread was deleted. Oh well.
Listen, I KNOW I'm liberal, so it's imperative that I get the bullet so it doesn't go to someone else who MIGHT be fasc. How do you not understand this?
Acts of god are one of the main things you insure against - a storm that rips your roof off, a tree branch that falls on your car, a fire that burns up your farm - these are all 'acts of god' that would be covered under the appropriate policies (Homeowners Insurance, Comprehensive Car Insurance, and BOP respectively)
I think your best bet is to say, 'I hate the guy too and I hate seeing his stupid face every day.' Maybe they'd get that.
throttled, but yea.
THANK YOU. I feel like I was taking crazy pills here with people talking about imagination and shit. It's like, the first pokemon you can get after the starters is: 1. Stupid fucking bird (pidgey) 2. Stupid fucking rat (rattata) 3. Other stupid fucking bird (spearow) 4. Nidoran - ok, this thing is pretty cool 5. Literally the exact same thing as Nidoran but slightly different 6. A caterpillar. Fucking really? 7. Another caterpillar, but this one all pointy 8. Pikachu. FUCKING FINALLY some cool pokemon.
Lol seriously, that cracked me up.
So the library should be available for either ANY organization able to pay the fee, or NONE. Who's to say my Thursday evening book club doesn't promote a reading agenda others are against? The library shouldn't allow us there then.
St John in Deer Park is having their festival this week. Second year in a row the weather has been crummy for them. http://www.stjohndp.org/
The Avengers A is actually Anthrax - he was doing metal bands at the start.
Yea I bet they go more Invader Zim style
Boss as in Crypto's commander, yea. I was racking my brain trying to remember if he was a bad guy.
4 Months - 7:30 to 8:30 PM
Get the deep fried calzone.
&gt; and just one at 8:30) If it makes the other 4 month old parents feel better, he sleeps like shit and wakes up before 12am to feed anyways.
And pants with roads on them - this kids ready to bust out the hot wheels anywhere, anytime.
That's the owners mom's recipe. Mine never lasts long but that's because if I don't eat it fast my wife throws it out.
Thanks. These things are super dense, and even most of the summaries go over my head.
How do you keep from getting wrecked by barbs with just a warrior and a scout? I feel like if I don't go warrior-sling-sling I just get overwhelmed by the barbs.
Williamsburg is, like, the epicenter in NYC - with 432 of 566 confirmed cases, and 9 of 17 new cases. https://www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/health/health-topics/measles.page Maybe the north part is OK, they don't break it down to that granularity.
In CA, text messages are like email - there is no expectation of privacy. Share away.
Unless there are nude photos, you're her doctor or lawyer, or there is a signed contract agreeing to privacy, the only way she would be able to keep you from sharing those texts is to never have sent them in the first place.
ok mr math
What state are you in? That is very important wrt Workers Comp claims.
&gt; Can the government/ other potential employers see that I had an offer of employment and/or why things didn’t work out? I guess my question is if things don’t work out, it’s like I was never hired at all...right? Nah, there's no registration for not getting a job/getting an offer rescinded. Just don't list them on a resume lol EDIT: I see there is a tax credit involved. I doubt it changes anything, but I can't be 100% sure. Did you complete any forms for the tax credit with the employer?
Probably, but not if it means allowing it to cause damage. Their own property comes first, and then they need to take reasonable care not to damage the tree.
Nostalgia bombbbbbb
Most (all?) Catholic hospitals will not do them for birth control reasons. One option is Trihealth - you can probably do a lot of appointments at Good Sam, but you would need to go to BNorth to get the actual procedure done.
OK but what ELSE
&gt; You have the rest of your life to live somewhere nice, enjoy living somewhere fun for a year. Very true. Source: Lived in Coffey Hall.
I didn't when I moved from IL - I just filled out a form and was given a new license. Now when I moved from OH to IL, I had to complete a WRITTEN test - which I was worried about, but ended up being so fucking easy a 3 year old could pass it.
YES! My 4 month old is dressed so freaking DRAB. Everything is so drab or washed out. I bought this set off amazon just for the read striped one- which I freaking love on him. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06W2MNRLM Also, whats up with foxes on everything? Has anyone else noticed this?
I WOULD say a 20 year treasury bond, but it's been made so difficult to gift those it may as well be impossible. So I'll say a rambunctious puppy instead.
I've never heard this. What if she declined coverage? Would she still be charged? No way! Keep escalating/arguing, and if no resolution file a complaint with the CA DOI: http://www.insurance.ca.gov/
Nah Cincinnati Police chill too, they won't give a shit, not worth another riot. I'd worry about people in the suburbs who think they're in Cincinnati but are actually in Blue Ash or Finneytown.
&gt; we put her in a full onesie she can't get her hands into. I've seen other recommend footie pajamas on backwards once they figure out zippers - something to keep in mind.
&gt;My interpretation is that overtaking is prohibited from the where the sign is posted until the end of the construction zone. On a multilane highway with a merge coming up, I would interpret that as don't leave the right lane to pass because you'll just have to get over - not that cars already in the left can't pass the cars on the right - and then not to pass during the construction area. I'll be honest, I don't see how it is relevant to your incident. Either you merged safely, or you didn't. If 5 seconds passed between the merge and the collision, I'd say it was safe.
&gt;i just dont understand how anyone could get that confused.. People are morons.
I would put it all in the TRowe 2050 (I WOULD say 2060, but the much higher ER is dumb) and then in a few years when the 2060 ER drops move it all to that.
Trees are green, short sleeves- she just a real thug
Yea it's not nice but also fuck elder.
And I GUARANTEE the plans are 99.9% identical.
It seems HIGH, but not crazy high. Especially because ImmediaDent is like an urgent care or ER - so higher costs than the dentist's office. If he was sedated, then it might even be cheap!
This is actually really helpful - I was considering getting my own device if they didn't waive the cost, but I didn't want to have to get the modem AND the router - I didn't realize that little box in the basement did some of it for me.
You can read to him day one, but don't expect much reaction. Still good for them. The first book that held my kid's interest at about 2 months was 'Look Look.' Recommended by another redditor to me. It's black, white, and red, with big blocky shapes so they can actually see it. At about 4 months, he is now starting to stare at the pictures in the books for a few moments. He also likes his 'play' books, which we hope will help him learn dexterity and to turn pages. He especially likes the crinkly ones.
&gt; Used car rates will basically never be 1-2% A few years ago you could get 1.75% from Lightstream for a used car - but not today!
They have the production works, which is the industrial style place with volleyball courts, and the farmhouse, which is a sit-down brewpub. Other good places in Mariemont are The National Exemplar and Dilly Bistro. Neither of them as fancy as Quarter.
I don't see anything on their site that indicates a brewery, just the still. Also, how sad is it that one of the 'perks' they mention is: &gt;A space to park your car
Post this in /r/HistoryMemes
I don't like guns, but God damn do I support the right to own them. Weakening one part of the constitution weakens all of it. If you want to abolish gun ownership, do it the right way - with a constitutional convention.
That would make it more difficult - they wouldn't be able to dig in and grip the wood like the would on grass.
Dense cities everywhere have parking permits giving preference to residents. It's only controversial in Cincinnati because it's new and there is shit public transit.
Is that Bretzel or something, near the park? My wife loves pretzels, and we've been there once when open, and tried to go another 6 or 7 times when down there.
Because two or more people often use the same switch, so you'll need to get 2 games (as usual).
I'd reach out to your insurer to see why it's not covered. But if this is your first claim of the year, it is possible you haven't met your deductible yet - or that you have a $100 copay
Go to pleasant ridge just for the gravy fries. YUM, worth a drive.
stop right there criminal scum!
Hopefully in 10-15 years I'll be able to just get the shot at an annual check up.
I love how people say 'Oh he said it when he was 16.' Yea he's 18 now, that was very very recently.
Baha'ian FlatEarthist?
&gt; https://imgur.com/T4HfKP9 something is wrong with our planet
Are we able to see the cop taking the shot in the video? I'm looking but can't see him.
Wow I just realized that my dad responded to my happy father's day text with a pic of him and his 4 month old grandson with 'thanks' as well...
&gt;Used cars and particularly private auto sales are almost never covered under any law. I will mostly agree with this, especially the second part. The FEDERAL lemon law applies ONLY to new cars. But many states have expanded it. An example - New York expands it to used cars, anywhere from 30 to 90 days - see here (PDF): https://ag.ny.gov/sites/default/files/pdfs/bureaus/consumer_fraud/usedcar_lemon_bill_rights.pdf It only applies to people who sell or lease more than 3 cars a year (so dealers, mostly) MASS has a similiar law, but also extends it to private sales - IF they can show the person knew about the defect and failed to disclose it: https://blog.mass.gov/consumer/consumer-rights/purchasing-a-used-car-heres-what-the-lemon-law-means-for-you/
No federal law, some states put their own in. Here is Massachussetts, which applies more strictly to dealers than private sales: https://blog.mass.gov/consumer/consumer-rights/purchasing-a-used-car-heres-what-the-lemon-law-means-for-you/
Well good luck pressing take off, then auto pilot, then land.
And so many of them are confirmed by one off lines later in the episode.
Shawn, no relation.
Ah but then we wouldn't be able to steal games from China.
&gt;Reading innocent posts on Reddit about writing a poem can suddenly twist into a rape story by a 11 year old girl. OK but that Askreddit post literally asked for stories about losing hope in humanity. But I do sometimes worry. My son is 4 months old, and I am scared that he will have to live on a planet that is uninhabitable. I worry he will have to suffer war, or famine, or extreme hardship. Even if he doesn't, what about his kids? It makes me wonder if we should be bringing people into a world that sometimes feels doomed. I think it is just anxiety and worry.
Same here - I never interpreted it as a healthy/wholseome thing, but evidence that Sirius was stunted by the loss of his friend and time in Azkaban.
http://www.startupcincy.com/entrepreneurs
&gt; &gt; Got pretty scared realizing the predicament I was in, and started banging on the door. Someone eventually heard me, and I just laughed it off telling them I had only been there for 2 seconds. &gt; &gt; (...was actually about 35 Min). Uhh you should probably bring that up to security/facilities. That is a massive liability, as seen in this exact article.
I think the flaw is having a man-trap that a distracted, intoxicated, illiterate, careless, or very young person could inadvertently get stuck in and die. OR this: &gt;she went through a fire exit door, which caused all doors on all floors to lock. Lol that seems like a big flaw. Have fun dying in a fire!
Yea, as long as they work for you target brand is the way to go. About 10c per.
I agree with this - plus he probably gets very hefty christmas bonuses, birthday present etc - probably in the form of shares in Wayne Enterprises. I wouldn't be surprised if he is a fairly large shareholder. But he'd never sell of course.
on top of the dystopian premise, the society that kids made was definitely shit.
No, 1mill is not excessive especially with kids planned. Cheaper to get it now!
Also alcohol is present in the milk in such tiny amounts--if you're super trashed, maybe .4%? And that's like fall down and die drunk. The big risk is falling asleep cause you're tired and buzzed and suffocating the kid.
How come one isn't in the house?
If you rip off the greasy part (bottom usually but I don't judge) you can recycle the rest.
Maybe you, could be, a purple monkey in a bubblegum tree AND
Oh we went to the animal fair the monkey and toucan were there. The frog said (?), the elephant too, the lion said how do you do (rooooaaar)
1 more year of residency! And then maybe 3 of fellowship! God I hope we don't have to go to LA or Brooklyn.
The orgy of mechanics and buttons is a problem of DLC. Because they need to: 1. Make it so all of the DLCs work independently of each other 2. Maximize sales Each of the DLCs introduces new mechanics and rarely builds on or improves others. So you end up with a very shallow ocean of different tools and things to juggle. Compare this to EU3, where you needed each of the prior expansions to play the new one. That allowed them to make sweeping overhauls, entirely changing/adding/removing mechanics.
Uh don't you think he drives a Chevy?
But evening isn't night - it's like from 5 to 11pm or something. You wouldn't say good evening if you run into someone at 1 am
Yinz if you're in that hellhole Pittsburgh
I got contacted by them all the time, but they seem to do their studies during work hours - a non-starter for me.
SUB WAY HERO!
For anyone wondering, it is literally The Meat Store and it is on Old 74.
I'm seeing it less and less, but my circle of friends is pretty diverse origin-wise. But it tells locals a lot about someone - where they grew up, what they valued, what class they are etc. It's not perfect, but it's a decent way to find ask 'What kind of person are you.'
Hell yea brother, cheers from Chiraq
Without bourbon or nothing.
Tell em Josh sent ya
Exactly - he offered his statement of saying 'Man that guy was a drunk asshole' as evidence that the guy was drunk - when really it is just evidence that he said he was a drunk asshole. WHY did he say he was a drunk asshole? What things led him to believe he was drunk? THAT is what matters.
/r/legaladvice has a sticky up lol
Honestly it's exhausting being that tired.
Honestly this map fucked me up so bad I had to go see what Nevada really looks like.
:(
German overachievers
&gt;Does that count accidental clicks? Does it count if you watch it all through? because I'd aay you didn't really "watch" something unless you went to the end.
Can you imagine having to dress up the baby, put her on the Carrier, strap her to you to take the dogs out to pee in winter... 5 times a day.
I would give the north part of Mt Lookout to Hyde Park (or split that part plus part of Hyde Park into it's own neighborhood) and adsorb Columbia-Tusculum into Mt Lookout. EDIT: Ok here is what I do. A new neighborhood called Ault Park, with general borders being Paxton as the West border, just follow that up starting at Linwood and slice Mt Lookout and Hydepark into it. That way you have the park, the observatory, and the country club all together. Split columbia tusculum between Mt Lookout and Hyde Park.
I'm old enough to understand the impact, but not old enough to REALLY have understood it, ya know?
&gt; I have no idea how much the diapers cost , Diapers are so fucking cheap!
&gt;We do not have a custody agreement or child support agreement. If there is no order, she does not have to let you see your kids. You need to get a court order. It'll be cheaper than letting her extort you continuously, right?
Exactly true, yea. She has to let him see the kids, but there is no punishment if she doesn't (other than the judge probably being pissed when he DOES go to court), soooooo.....
You can, but you won't. You monster.
Makes me wonder if the guy isn't joking too. Like he's covering the onion with cheese.
Salt salt salt
I'll second this, a 5 minute parboil followed by patting them dry makes them come out amazing in the oven. No need for baking soda or flour.
If you get nonfrozen wings at your grocery store they will be whole with the tips. You can get fresh ones separated, but it costs more.
Seems like a pretty normal total amount. Most babies that age still take 2 naps, but it seems like your kid has combined his first nap into his overnight sleep.
Holidays are rough man.
Keystone, Dutch's, what am I missing?
They had cool tap takeover events though - a brewery would get like 10-15 taps, with good prices on the beer.
Did not have a declaration of war against. Cause uhhhh
Yes, because chipotle is famous for charging extra for their rice and beans and salsa
&gt; he also didn’t want cops involved, as you can guess his money wasn’t entirely legal). Stealing from a drug dealer, genius.
No, it's not. Meat (and sofritas), guac, and I assume queso cost extra for extra.
Kid lives in Westchester, his parents are fucking loaded. He's never experienced anything real in his life lol.
I think he is saying a lot of people live at home while going to college. Which isn't my experience, but is apparently his.
What. Our 10 month old has slept away from us 3 or 4 times TOTAL
A book of matches, a can of kerosene. I've got some bad ideas
Swear to God if we never see this sign again it will still be too soon
That's a weird response for a number of reasons: 1. Can you really OWN a bedbug, man? 2. Bedbugs aren't the sign of a filthy or gross house/life. They thrive in clean conditions, and infest a $1,000 a night room as easily as a $50 a night room 3. Even if it WERE a sign of it, it's a motel, not his home 4. Does he even know where to get bedbug tested? If yes, it's probably his bedbug
So weird that this is a thing. I fell asleep to Futurama from like 2007 to 2012, maybe later. It was tough to put the kibosh on it.
This was caught by the spam filter. I just approved it, but you may want to re-post the question so that others see it.
IDK I think this is more on the rental company, they should have made sure it had fuel before renting it out.
Little old lady getting RIPPPPED
Yes yes yes
Currently watching aerial yoga lol
They all kinda do. They all jumped big as soon as they could buzz in for recorder.
I did better than 3, but not much lol
Ken the man!
How do you even bet here? I'm terrified and I'm not even playing.
One game, I'm not calling anything yet lol
Who is this incredibly recognizable individual?
No
Ken missed a few (right at the end) Brad did as well including 3 daily doubles
I'd take and applaud that. Let him boost his ego as long as it doesn't cost more blood.
If the president is 15 minutes late we can legally elect a new president from anyone present.
And two MLB teams, and two MLS teams. Just one NBA and NHL teams though.
They want to slow the game down. That's why they have all the clips and celebrities
So much fun! Even poor Brad.
Yes, often.
Seriously, he could have locked it up.
Hedging in case everyone gets it wrong?
Maybe /u/jaysjep2 was right and we need multiple ones. What fools we were to doubt him!
Yup
Ken needs to be up by what, 2500 going into fj? He needs to build a small lead.
Nope, Beale street is in Memphis, not New Orleans, so it did not satisfy the clue.
Was this profitable? I feel like shipping would eat a LOT of your margin.
Why would the US retaliate for the accidental shooting down of a Ukrainian plane taking off from Iran carrying mostly canadian/Iranian citizens? US has nothing to do with it. Canada and Ukraine won't be interested in military reprisals.
Socks can have little a shower, as a treat.
James has some, Ken a bit less, Brad about half of James
He'd be in most if he actually hit his doubles. But you can see him annoyed with his buzzer. He knows the answer, he's just not buzzing in right.
He's gonna age so much this one tourney, he's not built for this stress lol
Ken hasn't been an engineer in a long time! There wouldn't be BYOD way back then. Keylogging though.... These people might be easy to hack lol
Ken just kinda forgot about computers
Exhibition matches, per official jeopardy canon
He's gotten at least 2 with his first DJ selection yea?
See saying anything negative is anti free speech, so he shouldn't be allowed to be criticized at all.
Yea but you can tell the stress is taking years of his life poor ken
Right, yes! Thanks, it was in the second game.
If your dog or cat needs veterinary care, a service that is dear to me is Pets In Need. https://pincincinnati.org/ I'll be happy to cover someone's $5 application fee - just send me some proof you went there and a pic of you and your pet! I'm not part of the organization, and you can anonymity your face if you want.
Basically, their mental capacity to understand and communicate develops before the motor skills to make the correct noises. So yea, you can teach them some signs. My 11 month old can do 'more' and we're working on a few others (milk, water, mom dad bed)
Fair point! My thinking was would a good parent film and share this, deepening the humiliation?
In this scene, we see The Beer Baron of Cincinnati resolving a small dispute with an employee.
Take him to Costco and see how that goes for a laugh They'll cancel your membership.
It might take her a week or two, but soon she'll be napping like a pro at daycare - and it will make it easier for her to sleep in other places too. It was her first day - a new place, new experience, new faces, new things to do! I wouldn't want to sleep either! She needs to learn the new routine before she can figure out her new nap schedule.
The red bean fish ice cream things are dope
Summit park has some great flowers, but IDK what they would look like in May. Here is a spot with a bunch of yellow: https://imgur.com/a/Xr1adNb Here is the location on google: https://www.google.com/maps/search/39.24667,+-84.39291?sa=X&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjEztP6wYHnAhXCl-AKHTLVBHIQ8gEwAHoECAoQAQ if you can move it up, zoo blooms is all april.
We've had some big swings the last week in day-to-day prices at the same stations due to world tensions. You paid the Suleiman tax - so did I. Like $2.75 one day, $2.30 the next - same station.
Bout a buck
Honestly genius. Sleep the sleep of angels.
Just get a radler.
Seriously. I want Ken to win it all, but not today!
Well he'll get the first one in DJ for sure lol
Which one?
James and Ken both miss, Brad doubles up.
James thst was so sweet. But Ken just iced that shit
Seriously. I watched him in high school, it's not like he didn't hit his head till NFL
Pretty sure James can cover
He's getting punished for sure
In Love. E z p z
Lol he got $250k
In case op has trouble finding it, it is ZulA Bistro. Although I'd go to a zulu bistro too lol
This isn't really a legal issue. /r/personalfinance could give better advice on filing out your w4s to avoid the underwithholding
DUI checkpoints are a deterrent. Deterrents only work if people KNOW about them. That is why they publish the locations and details everywhere they can - facebook, on the news, now being shared to reddit. Also, the constitutionality questions - makes it easier to defend when you've published it in advance.
The Supreme Court has ruled that checkpoints are constitutional, but that it must be published in advance to not break the 4th amendment.
Do eet
He looks absolutely trashed too lol. So he's just drunk, not a goon.
You can already go 50w to Narrow path on the bike trail. It's great!
And then have reddit quarantine it
This is some funny and real stupid shit
Two things - One, he looked like a dumb ass who can't throw a punch. Unless the ole 'windmill' style is in, he would get hit shit wrecked by someone with any idea of what they're doing. Two, I don't know that 4 months is enough for someone who clearly doesn't regret his choices and actually wishes he did MORE damage.
I think the first movie, too.
I feel like the Incredibles is an example of failure of the market that would require government intervention. The supers do acts of good, but they get sued for liability. What they REALLY needed is tort reform, not to go into hiding.
Not sure if you're joking, but that's the bedtime and wake up diaper change. Babies seem to be almost always wet, just constantly peeing lol
Rhinegheist
I am incredibly worried about the safety of that worker.
Yes, but I wouldn't be surprised if state farm agents are better at SEO.
They're doing it lol
I would if I were them
TD fo sho
Clock only stops within 2 minutes left in the first half or 5 in the second
Good first throw in an hour lol
Are you seriously claiming you get 500,000 new job opps every day? If you're gonna make up bullshit numbers, make them reasonable dude.
You can't edit anything when a burglar is there (absent the cheat codes of course).
You could put a platform in the pool, place the item there.
Easy solution - moat around the house. Everyone needs to go for a dip to get in or out of the property
But goddamn would I pay $16 for a bottle of it if there was
I like the cronch
Workers comp is considered the 'Sole Remedy' in most states - so if you are injured, you HAVE to use workers comp, and the workers comp protects the employers from liability except in very narrow instances.
Did you tell the truth on your resume/application? if you said you had a 3.8 and actually had a 3.79 I wouldn't worry. If you actually have a 2.8 I'd worry about them asking for a transcript at some point. Or did you just not put your GPA? Cause that's not a lie.
In their defense, there are some families there that predate the park, and it has been stayimg open late more often in the last 10 or so years
I mean you wash it....
Borgman is great in general. Definitely one of the better comics of our time. The Cincinnati Enquirer definitely misses his comics
Dibs on oddjob
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
I put my cast iron on the grill cause it smokes too much to use in the house
True! Higher Gravity will have a bar in it as well, which is great.
I think you'll find that 'lockdown' doesn't really mean 'lockdown.'
You probably have an Errors and Omissions policy that would indemnify you for your own fuckups though. Not for fuckups of others.
Don't you understand? These people deserve to live in poverty because they choose to have diabetes.
Pulling info fromthe census
And banana equivalent dose will be looked at a lot more than the page for some town in Missouri with 120 people in it.
Have you been to Wuhan, or been near anyone who has? If not, then you don't have it. If you have been there and feel ill, don't go to work.
OK if you see a super pale baby wink at the dad and I'll know it's you.
Op don't listen to this (well the stray thing is OK). Rabies is 100% fatal. Only one or two people have ever survived it, we aren't sure how and they have permanent brain damage. Get your last shot.
Blue moon for me. Now I can't touch it!
Kindercare near Bethesda North watches my little boy and we are happy with the teachers. I think there was a 5 month waitlist a year ago? But we were OKayed to enroll after just like 2 or 3. Also, I can say that a lot of the kids in the infant classes are getting pretty big so they might have more room opening up soon. When is she due? How long is her leave?
Pecan pancakes and the hashbrown casserole
What specific regulations are problematic for small business? It would help to say 'get rid of this specific barrier' rather than a sweeping 'get rid of barriers' to success From your username, is there one related to beer?
Huh that's nuts. I remember people freaking out hard about it.
This is still kinda blowing my mind. Up to 1 in 5 people in the WORLD were infected with H1N1 at one point? So 1.5 billion people. How is that possible? Was it just not as bad as people thought it was? So most people just got the sniffles and tired for a few days?
[Here it is](https://images.ladbible.com/thumbnail?type=webp&amp;url=http://20.theladbiblegroup.com/s3/content/fd196a4759447a69e8590c9635db1a68.png&amp;quality=70&amp;width=720)
Lol at the cowboys helmet one
&gt;birds going batshit, and bats going apeshit Worth reading just for this
i'd be amused and bemused like I am now, especially if Bernie was arguing with him and berating him for not voting for him in the primary. What do you mean 'snuck into' the line? Dude isn't wearing a cloak or anything lol
What, they voted for Hillary?
Hilarious that we all know exactly which one this is.
1. A mural or ivy wall on the left side (from this picture) of the plaza 2. You've got leave the seating and tables, but make them nicer - maybe like [these](https://i2.wp.com/stillwaterliving.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Table-Bench-SalmonPlaza-e1504908750171.jpg?resize=678%2C381&amp;ssl=1) 3. Replace trash cans with those enclosed, solar powered trash compactor + recycling cans 4. Slightly elevated 'stage' in the back area that could accommodate a vendor most of the time, and bands during special events 5. Incorporate more green into it- I honestly don't love the trees there, small spindly things in tiny patches of dirt. If you do the ivy wall, you can leave some trees on the right and use some raised planters to 'define' the space better
We also see local armies/militias that fight the separatist groups. So each planet would have some way to defend themselves, and The Grand Army of the Republic would be the attackers/saviors if there was a big CIS push.
Don't we see local military units defending their planets fairly often? So it's not like Naboo is unguarded if there aren't any clones there, they have some local troops that are in the home garrison, which could keep a small force at bay. But a big invasion would steamroll them.
It's political hell to call up all the local forces, vs using this army that was dropped into their lap
That was Pre-War. The galaxy had been peaceful for so long, even the Mandalorians became pacifists. I am sure after they repulsed the invasion, they had some recruitment drives. The army would still be small and mostly gungan, though. Apparently the planet was only 4.5billion people, 75% of those being gungans.
It depends on where you live. I get 500mbps, and could get up to 1000 from Cincy Bell
You realize 20% of the world caught swine flue before it ended, right?
Well it looks like it wasn't his money. I know I'm always ordering more expensive things when I use the company card.
So no change then.
https://twitter.com/hcso_org/status/1267271837169455106?s=19 Hamilton County confirms it. They say the American flag was stolen (they don't have a second flag in the justice center?)
It's legit. Here is the sheriff's office commenting on it. https://twitter.com/hcso_org/status/1267271837169455106?s=19
It's legit https://twitter.com/hcso_org/status/1267271837169455106?s=19
No problem! When I first saw it in /r/cincinnati, my thought was that it was old too. You have to be pretty tone deaf to do that now.
I don't think this is a super organized thing. Washington park, late afternoon is a good bet.
Follow WVXU on Twitter for the best info. Seemed pretty quiet but with a lot of arrests.
I don't think there is any evidence that the bad actors are from outside the area. Almost all Minneapolis arrests (prior to last night, IDK about then) were local.
How do you tweet something so specific... in error?
Are you an obvious security guard? I wouldn't worry about cops hassling you then.
Trump doesn't even know what the word rhetoric means.
Trump's broken the law before. States should call up their guards to disarm any active duty troops in their states.
You think he'll allow free elections if he can grab that much power?
Lick those boots harder
Per PG, city manager and police chief have not recommended another curfew tonight. I am unclear if they just simply haven't recommended it, or if they have actually said it's not recommended.
Fueled Collective in Rookwood will give you a free day pass.
Another reporter caught it on video and tweeted is quickly. https://twitter.com/nswartsell Chris Seelbach and others saw, and were on the phone with the mayor on police chief right away. Police chief went to the scene and had him released. He was probably cuffed for about 20 minutes. Makes me worry about the people who WEREN'T being recorded. Here's a good pic right before he was arrested: https://twitter.com/ElgazzarBLVD/status/1267668172758568962/photo/1 Pretty clear he has credentials around his neck
The only crowd he was in was police. Isaac is lying.
Where do you live? Winton Woods isn't in Cincinnati, and so isn't under curfew. Stores and restaurants IN THE CITY will be closed. Realistically, they won't stop you if you're driving in College Hill, Pleasant Ridge etc - city outskirts.
$600k is most of the city. Wyoming is great schools, not much 'city' life. It's got a nice little section but it's definitely a suburb. Similar to that - Montgomery, Blue Ash, Madeira, Mariemont. Once you're in the city, schools can be hit or miss. There might be a great elementary, but the high school is bad etc. Are you catholic or opposed to sending the kids to a catholic school?
I believe they weren't fired. I also believe they will be fired the next time they are 1 minute late, or mess up a single order.
It's tiring but it's freaking awesome. The 15 month old I have is so much fun.
If they don't, you should hire a company to remove the waste and repair the fence. Then, you send a demand letter, and then if no payment, small claims. Did you get anything in writing admitting fault? That makes it easier. Either way, take photos now - of the waste in your yard, of the (I assume) damage in their yard from the removed honeysuckle. Maybe something from google streetview showing that the honeysuckle was in their yard?
So many racists and people who just don't get it in his comments.
That's half right. First, it was Hamilton County Sheriffs at the justice center, not Cincinnati police. Second, they claim the American flag was stolen. But they then did raise a blue line flag instead of finding another American flag.
Yea until all the trees start exploding and you can never look at a tree the same way again
There are a lot of catholic schools in Cincy, and it really opens up where you can look for houses. Plenty of places without great schools have good catholic schools.
Hey there's only a 40% chance that's true.
They're at the justice center - there is definitely another flag in there!
Yea. Call to get it lowered once or twice, then switch to Cincy bell. They do the same song and dance, so switch back in a few years.
/r/cincinnati does restrict new accounts from posting/commenting. I'm not sure on the limit, but I see automod deleting comments all the time. Quarantined subs though...i like that idea.
Pretty standard foreclosure/short sale photos and house state. No one cares enough to clean it.
Insurance works by pooling risk. Most people won't have a house fire, so their $1000 home insurance premium is used to pay the person who DID have a fire. The things you mentioned - buying a house, going to college - aren't risks, they are plans.
That isn't what op is asking about.
Can you please specifically show where Minneapolis has said there will be no more armed law enforcement.
I mean that's like a pretty ok definition of assault
Well, now they can declare them a safety hazard and remove them that way.
You keep saying Oakley and Hyde park are a suburb.
Fingers crossed, I'm working with them now.
There is literally no amount of money to fix this. Unless you have him fund a time machine to go back and bitch slap him before he travels to Egypt.
Is 30 rock on Netflix still? Cause Jenna Maroney dressed in blackface, and so did John Hamm once. They were played for shock value and were clearly negative, but it was still down for the laughs.
No body (cam), no crime.
&gt;Hells Angles I hear they're real acute
No disagreement here.
S. 815 was never approved by the house, so it is not a law.
The civil rights act prohibits discrimination based on sex. A man and a woman are both attracted to men. If they fire the man for that, but not the woman, then they are firing the man because he is a man. They don't have a problem with being attracted to men - they have a problem with a man being attracted to men.
We can probably kill these, they're not getting much use.
I liked them riffing on studies. The guest was good too!
Asheville and The Biltmore Estate
I didn't know they had outdoor dining!
Parkside might be a great fit, thank you!
Annoyingly, the article doesn't say!
Rick Wilson's a republican maaan
Thank you so much
&gt; I myself wouldn’t plan to get it right away given how fast it’s being rushed out. Not enough evidence regarding long-term effects, and I’m still young. (Typically vaccines are developed over ~10 yr period). I MOST DEFINITELY am advising my high risk patients to get it though! Ala the Swine Flu vaccine rolled out in Scandinavian countries. Small percentage (like 1 in 55,000) people developed narcolepsy from it. Still, if it's the only effective vaccine and you only have a 1 in 55k chance of getting a bad disease.... I'd still take it
He's also a racist. The next tweet shows court docs where he refused to rent an apartment to a black woman but offered her the shed so she could 'pick his cotton.' Also, the racial slur you'd expect.
It's not tv spreading the rumors, it's Facebook and next door
His address is in Neville, about 15 miles away.
For sure. Way better than steak and shake
Costco is
Eaton and Cincy are like an hour apart with no traffic. The city between them is Hamilton, where you don't want to live. You'd probably be closer to Dayton, and I don't know much about it. I don't think living in Cincinnati and working in Eaton is realistic.
Probably not 4th of july unfortunately
Per Bill Rinehart, decent crowd protesting outside the Duke Energy Center, blocking 5th and Elm. There's something in the street... ... ... It's a pissed off constituency
It's in a beautiful old church and the specialize in steak sandwiches. Idk what their covid process looks like.
Yup. I don't expect it to go well.
Honestly I'm not 100% sold that she's pregnant.
What did your doctor say? Take some aspirin and sleep it off?
Fretboard
They had to move all the people (like 600) in the outdoor overflow inside to try to get some people in the top levels. Embarrassing.
I prefer Madtree. The last time I went to Rhinegheist, they were donating 10% of all Truth sales to the ACLU as a protest against the new resident of the white house. https://www.facebook.com/rhinegeist/photos/a.485999068125751/1294392160619767/?type=3&amp;theater
Thanks twitter bot. Note that there is a long chain under the first tweet.
Here is an interesting part of the article: &gt;Former federal prosecutor Ben Dusing believes the federal investigation is larger than Dennard because the low dollar amount of the alleged corruption would not justify a four-month FBI investigation and the immense federal resources spent. Someone, somewhere, is sweating.
I guess a possibility is the situation is so slam dunk, they said 'take the plea for a slightly lesser charge and we can wrap this up tonight.' So no other co-conspirators (which will make all these people salivating at the possibility of politicians they don't like going down with no evidence sad), just wrapping a case up quick.
If only she still had her council seat I know of good way for her to get $15k.
Where did he share it?
Seems reasonable. Will we keep the pitchforks out or not?
If you can get someone else to repeat it, then people see it in 2 places and assume it's true, and then they repeat it again
Yea, I do, that's why I typed it out.
15 hours later... Long timer.
Doctors/surgeons wear masks for multiple hours every day - and were doing it LONG before covid. Do we think they'd be risking their health for years? These people who spread these lies are so ridiculous. Edit: we're to were
Honestly, good luck trying to get kids under 2 to wear a mask. 0% chance. You can't reason with an 18 month old.
Is there a copy of old Instagram stories? I missed the beginning
... Is this a joke?
Because it's going to get brigaded eventually, and we'll end up with a bunch of bad faith mods. Can we make it so that voters need a certain amount of subreddit karma? Idk if that is measurable
Yikes, no way. What if one is on vacation, or busy at work, or unavailable for a bit? There's a lot that goes into moderating a sub, even a small one (which /r/cincinnati is not)
I love the little check down passes though - guaranteed 2 point conversion
I highly highly highly recommend You Need a Budget. Pretty much exactly what you said.
Boom, done. Do it.
He did do the nasty in the pasty.
Lambrinides Stadium.
Joe is shot. He's trying to incite violence and 'sleepy' Joe doesn't really push people to action.
I still see it? Edit - I'm getting failed to load tweet even though it is on my screen. Probably still cached or something
They should lock him in the same cell as Nassar for 5 minutes. I think that's the punishment he deserves.
Do you REALLY need 1/3 dish soap? That seems like overkill.
They're on the street and sidewalk dumbo
Marching by to get to the mayor's
Seriously, especially the wife. She's pointing right at a lot of people.
This level is easy cause you can bulldoze the castle and come out SUPER rich.
Catholicism - the neoliberal of the religious world.
&gt; Is Reddit censoring the names of what they banned Yea - most are pretty dead though. &gt;Subreddits after the top 10 are blurred.
Oh man, we're gonna go biblical here
