Huh Fox News is saying the same thing
Trump ain't running in 2020
corporate $$$s control everything bro.
Low IQ stupid idiot morons can be found all over this great land
Couldn't descend even a paragraph into this turditorial
So. MacDonald's Elementary. Walmart Middle School. And Google High. Very cool :(
One day, I hate to say, Donald's gonna be in the rotunda also. Sigh
Like on speakerphone
&gt; no classified information was ever included, the account was never transferred at Trump Organization, and no emails were ever deleted.” Guess what. We don't believe you
Stupid people get even stupider spending their days near Trump
Is that what you saw? Lol
&gt; the Daily Beast recently reported that when aides tried to show Trump the spike in debt -- a hockey stick shape, gently rising and then shooting up, vertically -- he noted that the worst part will come after his presidency. "Yeah," he said, according to a source cited by the Daily Beast, "but I won't be here." How everyone in Washington thinks
I'm so sure this is the _only_ shitty rollback from Trump...
Lying. Isn't that the new norm?
&gt; OK. The obvious implication being that Donald Trump and those Americans who voted for him are just a bunch of dumb (inaudible). Dumb stupid low IQ idiot morons? You're right Laura
Benghazi!
&gt; "I wouldn't be as big as I am today without chocolate milk," Perdue said Our leaders are stupid low IQ idiot morons
This is weeks old
Plus. Extremely punchable face
Crime is not a Crime!
Forgot the Lyin' Leakin'
Oh it's _those_ two sorry unkempt morons
'What have you got to lose?'
Rachel will replay
&gt; "The algorithm made us do it,' I don't know if I buy that." Deep learning is gonna totally change every fuckin thing
"I love the poorly educated"
Trump lies
Name a neutral company
Yeah no. Nice try. Low IQ idiot morons might make nonsense out of this
&gt; Thousands of illegal immigrants are insulting the hardworking people who immigrated legally by ignoring our laws and trying to force entry into our country. I'm not insulted by the caravan. You stupid low IQ idiotic Trump lovers insult me
&gt; because they are clowns and clowns should be mocked So get your own fuckin baby balloon
Yeah well he can't do that.
I'm not kidding - the stupid low IQ idiot morons are taking over
Written by someone who's crazy
GOP's totally fucked
Can't say I've ever seen her embrace Donald
The dead girl has no complaints either right?
Ok GOP your move fuckers
"I am the law and order candidate!"
Omg did he get wet?
Meanwhile Jesse Waters really is quite punchable
"News" tailored to stupid low IQ idiot morons
&gt; Collusion? Moron!
&gt; review Time for a Fox news segment
Will punt
Yeah for a week. Phhhft. Btw. He said it twice last night's show
The Art of the Stupid
So. What?
&gt; Obama did this exact same thing No he didn't
even FOX NEWS is a bit upset
Stupid Low IQ idiot morons come in Latina flavor too?
USA could be better governed by a lightly trained RNN
Seriously Stupid people running your government, usa
Stupid low IQ idiot morons easily separated from their $$
What would be ideal? GTX 1060 is perfect for starting out
its a beautiful thing to watch the slow mo evaporation of Fox's non-crazy faction's Trump support
Well she's not a corrupt fucking moron clown. So there's that
&gt; They could have gone anywhere else to purchase a custom-made wedding cake. Except what if they couldn't and it wasn't a cake but stitches instead?
The stupid low IQ idiot moron voters do that
Ain't seen nothin yet
Stupid people don't understand principles
This guy is a laughable dope
Stupid low IQ idiot morons will buy this
And this is why Fred told 14 yo Donny to GTFO and sent him packing
Trump's lasting legacy
&gt; crews could survey the property and assess possible impacts of a wall Ain't gonna be no fucking wall
&gt; For conservative Christians, such stories were especially disturbing. Yeah no not really
15% of voters have IQ under 85. These idiots are very easy to manipulate with fear. Fox News and the Russians are on it
Fox and Friends at 6:20am: Economy Booms
Good fucking luck
Bull shit. Get this clown outta here
So. He expects Congress to pay ransom for his hostages
Nice try
Stock market up? Fox News all over it. Crickets last week
Lied
So a middle finger to half the country
Would have to be someone who appeals to stupid low IQ idiot morons. Or else can motivate all the geniuses (way harder)
Donald Trump hasn't given up on his juvenile wall
&gt; we must have American dominance in space This sounds so ridiculously stupid
Rejected hostage ransom demands
Ya ha ha
Stupid low IQ idiot morons?
No friggin wall
If you're a low IQ idiot moron then Fox and Friends is perfect
And won't be coming back
Huh? Donny already took the blame
Party hearty Nero
'Kookie Kelly makes up lies! No Collusion!'
Oh Jonathan Turley. Kind of a dope
&gt; It is not callous to say that it is unrealistic and unfair to make American border officials — and taxpayers — responsible for children Yes it is you fucking bucket of santorum
I think you have to be Russian to use Russian tactics
Convincing argument brah . No really . _eyeroll_
&gt; the experts at Border Patrol prefer a Wall that is see through Fake experts
"citizen. can we see the birth certificate?" -_DT_
These would be the stupid legal experts
What's with the voodoo eyes though
Fox news has the same opinion except substitute Boris for Trump
Because USA schools suck and low IQ is now cool so until the robots come, it's burger and driver jobs
Because it'll be all over Fox news?
The rules for arresting changed. Now on that border you get arrested for seeking asylum...
A somewhat obvious argument too
What a piece of shit article
RAYMOND ARROYO what an embarrassing piece of shit this jackass is
This is how Fox sells shit. Obama's fault the Russian interference. And Meuller's a fool now cause he didn't indict.
Funding AI research.
Making America Numb
&gt; "If it is determined by the by the FBI that this file ever was overtly classified, it will serve as a potential 'smoking gun document,'" So. Bullshit article
It's a lie
Because we want drivers to be licensed. How fucking tricky is that to work out?
13 yo
Shit hole
Shit hole
Don't stop asking when is the Mexican legislature voting on the deal. Donald said that is upcoming
Wow amaizing. I want that too.
Because ussr
Dark money says "nope"
This is how stupid low IQ idiot inbred moron brains work
This has always been Trump's gambit. There's no sunny future and the past was glorious.
lol .. keep pretending you're not delighted with your puppet
Putin's voting too
1.Trump's loyal buddy. 2. Go to somewhere that isn't a shithole
Low IQ idiot morons cool with it
Make you numb to past crimes
Cool can I have my taxes back?
She's an it!
Give me a break
[babylonjs has some very cool integrations with Unity](https://doc.babylonjs.com/resources/intro)
GOP voters confused? Shocking
&gt; Of course, crime and other social pathologies related to pot hit lower-income areas first and hardest. Laughably stupid article written for angry pot hating uncles
Bosses are bosses because they're greedier than you are. Whoever thot they'd trickle those sweet extra $ down is a dumdum
It's "treason" because it's a scary complicated word that gets Trump's stupid low IQ idiot morons all fired up
"Look at that face. Would anyone vote for that?
I don't think they're allowed at those camps brah. Don't expect a new season of LOCKUP
flash drive? unless you've no fear of getting in there and dealing with an upside down mainboard
Stupid low IQ idiot morons all nodding yes
Random nobody insulted by two random nobodies. Yawn
Thank you Donald
And. Orlando Sentinel. today. endorses "Not Donald Trump"
So Trump's going thru hell. Got it
yeah couldn't be a bearing issue
All our adversaries are giggling like school girls
The stupid Idiots are running things people. Not joking
Space Engine 0.9.9 in SteamVR mode streamed to ur Quest via SideQuested Virtual Desktop is pretty insane
Define &gt; actual consequences
&gt; in writing Oh that's gonna be super effective
And 35% of people are weird too and love the guy
&gt; The political ascendancy of the Boomers brought with it tightening control and stricter regulation, making it harder to succeed in America. This statement is so utterly laughable and false. Yeah you can't dump your company toxics in streams any more.. And harder? I see successes everywhere today
This ain't gonna work you stupid rubes..
Wow so many jack asses surround Trump
I think it'd be fine if they simply got legal immigration status and could apply for citizenship like the rest of us
Donny knows meuller's gonna be getting tv time and it's freaking. him. out.
Well.. There won't even be Republican debates challenging trumpism. Meaning the GOP is dead.
&gt; that whole Trump 3rd term thing is looking better and better,” Graham tweeted
Millions upon millions of your countrymen are stupid low IQ idiot morons. Talk about painful
So Donny wins?
Except that it's all over the media
&gt; he had to go out of his way to make sure Trump understood not just the legal components of crafting immigration policy, but also how the government operates in general. And utterly and miserably failed at that.
Dude are you kidding!? Elections are right around the corner! just sixteen months away!
Tried and failed miserably.
Yeah Trump didn't think hard like you did. Trump has issues with strong women
&gt; "You would have had to have lived under a rock to have missed it.” Or busy off hunting pussy to grab
Stupidity. Right in the title
US president on nk soil is disgusting. This is just a cartoon bro
Fox and it's moron viewers -love- this royalty shit.
Anyone can make themselves some ez schekels writing drivel for the rubes
But Laurie. Donald was fucking porn stars while his wife was nursing their new baby. Jesus-like?
EMP device
Typo? Hah
Guy with stupid mockable name (Gorka?) mocks a name
Duh. Why doesn't Oculus desktop software optionally update an out of sync Quest without all the friggin hassle? This is Facebook we're talking about, c'mon
Baa-a-aaa-aa?
Nothing about this at that scif briefing
&gt; negative information The article doesn't say anything about what the generic 'negative information' is. It's a guideline... for allowing testimony
This sorta bullshit works on Fox rubes because when things change nobody looks back for corrections in that universe
"I've completed more promises than I made!"
"I've completed more promises than I made!"
Trump made em do it. It was a mistake that didn't have to happen
You're correct. Provoked by an irresponsible Trump.
Yet not revealed in scif briefing
&gt; There is, of course, no crime, ..., in paying the daughter of prominent political friends hundreds of thousands of dollars annually.
Quick question evangelidiots: when has Donald ever spoken about Jesus? Anyone....?
Because these people are literally the stupidest members of our society
So the happiness averages out?
WTF your solution for sex education via the internet?
&gt; we’ll be extraordinarily disappointed and we’ll demonstrate that disappointment. No more beautiful letters?
&gt; “An election must be coming up,”
Fox News: why are American schools telling our children how to spend their money!? Outrageous!
&gt; "... you have to sit through television programs that you don’t like. "
Couldn't find the crime part...
&gt; I've gone through some of the most active and prominent liberal Twitter accounts and none of them mentioned the Iran protests today Some kinda Twitter researcher
Nobody's taking my condoms away!
&gt; he also suggested that Democrats who questioned his judgment were giving succor to terrorists Isn't succor that game Baron plays?
They're mostly sheep... Once a few start moving
Maybe Madison shoulda been impeached
GOP Senator: what's the crime?
Fox news has nothing today about parnaz dump. Like nothing
&gt; Hey Lev. VT here These people couldn't be more immature
And that coif
I think you underestimate what she's up against
Marsha says a lotta dumb shit
Fake radar!
Devin Nonez: oh yeah now I remember that guy
I think we've entered the danger zone
Because CNN asked about considering new evidence for President Trump's impeachment trial?
This country's elite have _no_ interest in an educated or healthy populace. Gotta keep you fat and stupid and get u hooked on insulin
Hah.. When has Trump _ever_ kept his opinions to himself
Keep dreaming
Fucking asshole I think you meant
Apparently abuse of power ain't impeachable?
Cause their dishwashers don't work apparently
History says a lot of things that don't count any more
Choir boys don't get mobsters locked up
&gt; “modifying the image was an attempt on our part to keep the focus on the records.” 1984 arrives
Whatabout...
You're too generous
Try incognito windy
&gt; someone should really inform Speaker Pelosi that the M in "ATM" already stands for "machine." This is the caliber of brain matter writing this crap
Trump's people haven't heard about Lev Parnas yet
I only want so much tarnishing
Can you talk about the actual crime maybe, lawyer person?
Where else can a talentless boob enjoy so much tasty graft?
TIL puberty blockers is a thing
So his story is fabricated?
Consequences are Trump supporters still raging on Fox. There's nothing 'legal' about this whole thing at this point. It's political warfare with cheerleaders
&gt; video produced by The Daily Caller And we're done
Define socialism?
Like about 30
Brit Hume is a boob
Completely different assessment on Fox
We're watching Fox because it's fascinating seeing low IQ idiots come up with crazy inconsistent excuses and theories and the scoffing and character assassinations... Loads of general nonsense. Biden is definitely a corrupt crook- that's central to the strategy. It's a marvel of Idiocracy in the making...
Fox News to it's viewing audience: nobody's watching this. Everyone's tuning out..
Just saw this on Fox. The only way for some GOPers is to go full shameless
But Lindsey thinks Schiff &gt; did a good job of taking bits and pieces of the evidence and creating a quilt out of it.
'I love the poorly educated' really is the Master plan, America
The guy who's probably never ever secretly paid for an abortion?
Their gambit's gonna work. This is how Trump wins the next -by never ever stopping the lies and propaganda
You mean like the GOP cult?
"Study links your fat belly to what goes into your pie hole'
Otherwise known as A 'Trump headache'
Bolton's book for example. Face it.. GOP know Trump abused power, they will admit it and then say they kinda don't care... And 'get over it'
They're generally stupid people?
Duh
Donald's training globe
Hate fuel. Air time rage filler for Fox News and Limbaugh and The Five and those 4 pussies and a boob
The defence's approach is moronic and leaves no room for Bolton's coming book. Etcetera... (I keep saying stupid people have no concept of nor concern for the past or the future...) This will be interesting
The Hill Filler
"nobody cares about Ukraine"
Well it's okay for USA president to lie about shit now
&gt; "It is worth noting that Bangladesh is NOT Ukraine.” Worth noting if you're fucking immature
Listen to Lev get rid of Marie
Fool uses the word "hopeful" with Trump
They really are
No it is specifically the Citizen's United Supreme Court ruling that's fucking you and me over every minute every day
Even a moron could see this coming. But it seems the low IQ stupid ones didn't
The logical defence would be: yeah he did all you claim and he shouldn't have done it, but it's just not bad enough to remove him. That would be sensible and allow for Bolton etc. But. Instead They're trying: he didn't do what you say he did. So he did nothing wrong. Which is crazy. Dumb idiots. #under85
&gt; the Republican senators don't want to know, because they already know enough about this president to know that knowing more might require they actually do something.
I'm betting on 6 or more GOP 👍
I think I heard a quivering voice on Fox. It's a friggin struggle there dodging the bs
This is silly. Every witness is individually voted on. There's no trading
There's a book coming
Get enough stupid people who've no other skills elected to Congress and you can fund them into doing anything you want. There are jocks and dropouts running things now
One of Joe's more entertaining performances
Fox News: derchowitz and bindi were devistating
Sadly they aren't trying that defence. They're claiming he didn't make the request
And yet I gotta pay unemployment ins tax
Nobody really mocks the stupids. But they're fucking running things now. So maybe it's time to start
&gt; pushing shady allegations via anonymous sources John Bolton isn't an anonymous source
Sounds like a great witness for Trump
He said last week everything was under control
Vlad might have different ideas
blame Citizens United, Fox News and an increasingly stupider yet cultivated voting population
And foreign election interference will Make America Great Again
"he trusts me, dumb fuck" -_DT_ "he trusts me, dumb fuck" -_MZ_
Velshi's the man
Illegally I reckon
1000 people in front of the white house are breaking what law?
And then shocks and awes 1000 law abiding citizens out his front door
Trump bankrupted casinos... Imagine what he can do to a whole country
Jesse Waters has his own show on Fox news. Geraldo Rivera can't even get that. And Waters is a blithering idiot too
Rush Limbaugh is a Big Fat Idiot
This is weird
How is Amazon a monopoly? I thought Elon was smart
Thank you Democrats
Antifa? No the simple answer makes more sense
Fox News: we disagree!
It's a Friday
Trump was an insufferable brat as a child and by the time he was 13 his dad Fred had had enough and finally said "get the fuck out of my house!" and sent his little shit away to boarding school. Little Donny cried himself to sleep that night and became frozen as an immature self-centered boy ever since
Just in time for the RNC
Insight
Candace Owens is an utter phoney baloney black girl who figured out where the low-effort easy money is. She doesn't believe a thing she says
Just remember Christians, Donald Trump was fucking pornstars while his wife was nursing their baby boy. And never repented either
["Defunding" police is not a new idea at all](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/jun/05/defunding-the-police-us-what-does-it-mean)
As do William Barr, Fox News and all the sicophants
&gt; We’re not going to have a rule of law for Republicans and a rule of law for Democrats. So the subpoenas can be ignored I guess
All containers are made of chemicals
A tweet is a dump?
Ditto for bicycles and toilet paper
Restructure and kill the policing hive mind?
I'd think a packed church would be more perfect
How you gonna get rid of racism? Police aren't the only racists...
No that's any Trump press secretary's mission
"defund" needs to be explained to stupid people. "restructure" is a better word they'd understand
&gt; Shortly after I graduated from Quantico, a cop friend in town congratulated me on my academy successes, then proceeded to walk me through a scenario: one day, I might be off-duty at 7-Eleven or Wawa getting food when someone tried to rob the store. I will want to intervene by pulling out my gun to detain the criminal. The cashier would call 911 and somehow in the heat of the moment my description would be confused with the perpetrator's -- so much so that the local cops would show up, see me with a gun and shoot me. So instead of getting shot, my friend advised that if anything like that ever happened, I needed to put my gun down once I saw the red and blue lights pulling up, lie on the ground with my arms extended, let the cops handcuff me alongside the criminal, and they will sort out who I actually was later.
TIL a new way to spell shit
Nobody who watches Fox News
This reads like Trump news
Fox and Friends: but we're tired of this virus ok?
Antifa mind control is powerful shit
Boo-fucking-hoo Politics has ruined integrity for me
What a freaking surprise
Just what the gop wants
Rick Wilson's the best 😁
Huh whaa? Rising: new cases every day are _increasing_. I thot my words would be clear to pretty much everyone. Apparently not...
I would have thought torn up deals and agreements and the animosity leveled toward any world leader who's not a dictator would have done that
O ya -Russia
"Rejected!"
Kim making Donald look like a pussy
I believe that was Joe's intent. Hehe
... for a month
If it fits I sits
Then be accountable
TIL Frank Serpico still alive
I bet Ainsley Earhardt is freaky in the sac
Trump admitted today that tear gas was in fact used
&gt; one little-known driver
I'm pleased she's unhappy
Nobody knows who this guy is already! Anyone else?
Dreamers by and large aren't struggling. They're doctors and grad students who are paying taxes. But wtf let's fuck em
Fake news
You will see Confederate flags at this fucklfest
The tweets! Not the tweets!!
" It's gonna be a celebration! "
Harris had Such High Hopes before the interview that Trump could console and speak to oppressed minorities. Her expressions of disappointment fortunately were Botoxed away
And he hasn't stopped taking the hydroxychloroquine he wasn't taking either
Well it _is_ Friday
Woodrow Wilson did the same thing
Yet. Masks are ridiculed on Fox News
Hegseth on Fox and Simpletons this morning and yesterday makes fun of Biden's mask dangling from his ear -cause I guess it's uncool? Endure the damn network like I have to - to bring you the facts And http://video.foxnews.com/v/6159435765001/
Watch. Fox News knows how to spin this
Really. I'm not gonna explain why it makes no sense _at all_ to comment on the dangling mask... Because you see- Fox inflicts its brainwash in a much more subtle manner than you think. all day long. Let's see how many masks we observe at the rallys
Fox News? Misleading?? Nahhhh
Caitlyn's gonna be pissed
Op-ed
He's a Latter Day Neverwentist
History repeating itself
Well we're fucked in that case
Another black person discovers where the ez money is
Yes the opportunist arson who already was an arsonist goes to jail.
&gt; Final ten feet I ran down to level ground. Momentum! Gravity!
Trump lies
Tacit approval then
Ugh NFL was never Trump's ally. See USFL
What have you got to lose?
O the pain
Couldn't care less...
Yeah that's not gonna happen
I thought the asylum system was shut down
&gt; “For them just to issue them without merit, without request to absolutely everybody — that is a great waste of taxpayer money,” said Michael Farage, president of the Grand Rapids Taxpayers Association. So we're burning em!
Way too much analysis. Fox is calling the protesters degenerates and anarchists and nobody else is
Holy ouch
&gt; 20% of Americans are satisfied with the way things are going in the U.S. Wow
[my sights on a different heel ](https://www.theguardian.com/global/video/2018/oct/05/donald-trump-boards-air-force-one-with-paper-stuck-to-his-shoe-video)
We knew this then
&gt; literally no policy Is the GOP today
Not yet
Jesse Waters is a no talent clown
&gt; “It’s part of the dehumanization of the children of God. You’re participating in it by wearing a mask.” We're truly doomed
&gt; when voting happens outside of a polling place, no one is entirely sure that the voter wasn’t pressured to vote the “right” way Well this isn't true
This wasn't for the press. Which makes it weirder
Twas pretty fierce
&gt; you 'can’t resist a police officer' 'Or else you'll get shot' Who knew?....
So why are they running everything now?
Baazinga
Yes he can. There's an opening
Three strikes and you're out
Dumbest US population in history
Trump is defending the vicious dictator tho. Don't believe he actually knows what the "Libya Model" is...
And la-la-la-la-la-la-la-....
Former = my opinions mean little
No denying that
Change the definition of a foot
But sadly he can't start rounding them up yet...
Good fucking luck finding that
Fox News: man on the street. 'Can't wait to not wear a mask at Trump's rally!'
When the covidiots start dropping Trump will claim his rally was infiltrated
"emotional"
This is old
And yet. He's ahead of the orange clown
Fox News on site amidst crowds camera held high and honest to God not a mask seen anywhere. No comment on that of course
Kinda technically already published
Our national security is at risk because everyone's figuring out a knobhead is in charge of the USA
&gt; Trust Trump Is what Fools do
And death
&gt; Trump went so far as to complain in a Wall Street Journal interview this week that some Americans wore facial coverings not as a preventive measure but as a way to signal disapproval of him O boy. Jonestown all over again
&gt; The man, who has not been identified, was wearing an InfoWars t-shirt. Alex?
&gt; “It’s a perfect storm,” 'they're calling this rally perfect! '
Ditto
Ha ha ha ha hee
I had to salute 600 times! Why that ramp was so challenging
It's actually kind of sad how this rally is turning out whew. Everyone's confused by the ramp and shoes story
He just implied he has Parkinson's disease!
"600 Salutes" needs to be a new challenge game show
Yeah well Fred did a real shitty job
There's a measure of bullshit in this claim. Anyone who showed up could get in. There was no limits on reservations. Sally Fox News is pushing this tiktok narrative now
Yes
It's booloney. Tictac trying to grow it's base
Fox News is now saying Trump's rally was empty because of AOC and tictak. Instead of the raw ridicule. Tictok had no impact on attendance. At all
And Fox News loves filling airtime for it's moron viewers with distractions like AOC
Fox News very happy with this excuse. Thanks
These kids are gonna get their mailboxes full of Trump propaganda now
Sad trombone
He's still sedated. Stay tuned
&gt; As the acting secretary of Homeland Security, I don't have the luxury to ignore the law. Yes you do if the executive branch tells you to. Executive branch upholds the laws
'we suck at this'
&gt; “Leftists and online trolls doing a victory lap, thinking they somehow impacted rally attendance, don’t know what they’re talking about or how our rallies work,” Trump's campaign manager, Brad Parscale, said in a statement Sunday. 'Yeah we just fucked up is all'
Pretended there was no pandemic
&gt; voluntary facial coverings Idiots running things
I doubt anyone expected anything else
Where can I buy a ticket to Kung land
Like the 600 salutes they're counting 2 at a time
You left out the moron part. USA is full of fat-headed under-educated idiots who now have actual power. Like their leader Trump
For now...
What's that have to do with making Trump look stupid?
Got Pascale's bragging about a bazillion RSVPs
&gt; Asked if these things meant that any deal was "over," Navarro said: "It's over. Yes." &gt; Navarro has since said in a White House statement that his comments were taken "wildly out of context"
Big theory - people &gt; living in states that chose to expand Medicaid coverage might be seeking care earlier Wow who could have predicted
&gt; monopoly social media” (Facebook/Instagram, Twitter, Google/YouTube Someone's confused what a monopoly is
We're officially a shithole!
Cause he's retiring in Moscow amirite? ... Stroke??
NOW it will stop the covid
Really? Fox News keeps says they're equivalent
&gt; a large crowd tightly packed together, with almost no one wearing protective masks. There were no temperature checks for the estimated 3,000 cheering attendees who, like many of Trump’s staunchest fans ignored a new local ordinance requiring them to wear a mask
Barr already let Obama off the hook. So try again?
Squirrel?!
It annoys the fuck outta Fox News so I concur
You mean... the dreaded.. tweet ?
Who believes that
And Sammy Hagar says absolutely NOTHING about everyone wearing a frikin mask
No more Missy?? It's blown my world apart
'The president of the United States is not a human'
[this has all happened before](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Mask_League_of_San_Francisco)
Bad hombres?
Trump has charities?
Bingo
Yeah we noticed
I think it mighta been the &gt; Too Tall Deval immaturity
This is actually fucking funny shit. I love the poorly educated!
Kinda hoping Joe fires anyone he can that Trump has to do with
You scared of demon Joe?
&gt; Graham tried to change the legislation to require the attorney general to sign off on investigations into potential DOJ attorney misconduct. Of course he did
'You have to take out their families' And please explain all you know about that "tough on crime" bill because I thought Donald was the "law and order" president
Trump has a brother!!!?
We have too many fucking low IQ morons in this shithole
How about those stupid packed Trump rallys where you see no masks at all...
Who said this? "President Putin says it's not Russia. I don't see any reason why it would be,"
&gt; conservatives who prize individual autonomy over social responsibility Look at it this way- in the end there will be less of them
Darwinian evolution underway in the USA
No Trump won't quit nor go quietly
Well Fred _did_ tell his little 13yo shit Donny to GTFO and sent him away to boarding school. So no surprise
You think the problems go away without Trump...
Is he avoiding the word 'mask'?
Rest in peace
"President Putin says it's not Russia. I don't see any reason why it would be,"
And Lindsey Graham? definition of bon homie
I guess you can't even chant shit now if someone's offended
Not reported by Fox News
Why didn't they do it in the road?
Face it he ain't going to jail
&gt; The senator particularly complained that Hannity allowed Trump to "digress," Cause Trump still needs training wheels
He'll be raging over the leak if anything
Ohh- the other president who ignored a pandemic?
I'm counting on Darwin to sort this out for the better
I'm counting on Darwin to sort this out for the better
&gt; This writer is a native Tennessee hillbilly Yeah figured that out right away
Meanwhile Fox TV has decided attempting to interview a 5yo boy about lemonade is more newsworthy
And then what? Hospitals eat the costs?
Yeah but what about those who can't pay?
And if they don't? I mean seriously- block em from hospitals and let em die?
This needs a better infographic
I have noticed rather suddenly on Fox news an increased use of and demonization of "CCP" and "Chinese Communist Party". New dogwords I think
Trump erased the tweet. He needs the black guy
Because Trump surrounds himself with people who'd fail anywhere else and they know it. and so are greedily planning how to cash in
It would help if Fred used a condom
I'm always a little embarrassed for this guy as he's a standout in the fucking idiot department
I've given up on finding a new bike this year
Trump _always_ has an excuse
Lock Her Up! ... ?
But we're great again yeah?
[ Trump went so far as to complain in a Wall Street Journal interview this week that some Americans wore facial coverings not as a preventive measure but as a way to signal disapproval of him](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-americans-wearing-masks-show-disapproval-not-as-preventive-measure-2020-6)
"and Russia says it's lies and the Taliban say it's lies so I don't see why it isn't lies"
Right now nobody in the wh knows exactly which lies they'll need to label 'just a joke'
O dear someone's gonna lose their shit over this
You don't expect us to _read_ history do ye?
Hehe. Yeah I mean it's all Trump has ever done is stoke an enemy
'Dementia' left undefined for the morons to guess at it's meaning
Trump is the pig-pen of bad luck
To die in the Senate
His mere existence
A tweet and paragraph makes a blog? There's nothing here.
r u serious?
