Do you have only one other striker playing?
I understand it is optimal but it shouldn't be this bad, should it?
Wish I could do Lacazette to Auba
It's nothing to do with how attractive she is. Your comment is the type that is unwarranted. She's just won a football trophy, she isn't there to be complemented on her looks
What's Obama got to do with the housing crisis in Britain?
Please score Wilson, I captained you
Well fuck.
I mean, there's video of it...
The story comes from the Sun
No assisst?
Kane on the bench. What a shit fucking week. Won't even get 30 points
Got rid of Luiz 2 weeks ago...
Nothing from Kane then :(
Lol. Nice embellishment.
Malkin should just have let the puck go by.
I am so copying this next time I'm playing with my squad
Nah, he keeps getting more each week. I'll probably get 5th or something
That's a fumble. Oh dear.
Dobbs is so fucking shit
Damn the Raiders are taking a lot of penalties
Oh good, we need our D to hold..
Basic NFL coaching to take a timeout and stop the clock running down Tomlin. Fucking basic. I'm an absolute novice and even I know that. No time to respond now. Fucking moron
Fucking cut Boswell.
Not even Hughes can help them
Me too. They said that this was is and we won't get any more changes.
Actually didn't know there was one
Why not just buy his common card?
Of course Deloufeu is involved in neither goal. Why would he? I have him
From what I understand they said Private Business will be paying?
230-85 is my guess
You have to be pretty stupid to not realises it's a parody account
Another City CS gone. Sigh
I could really do with Lacazette not playing at all today. He'll get 1 point
They'd be caught by now
I have Kennedy, Chilwell and Duffy all red or orange. I'm thinking of swapping Duffy and Lacazette out. I was going to upgrade Laca to Aubameyang but would mean I need a DEF worth £4.2m.. Or, should I just swap out Duffy and Chilwell? Team is Ederson - Hemer Robertson, WAB, Cook (Duffy, Chilwell) Sterling - Fraser - Deulofeu - Felipe (Kennedy) Laca - Kane - Wilson Could do Laca to Rashford and upgrade Duffy?
I'd say it was more a stupid thing to do than be a sexist remark
So.. time to bring Salah back in?
Menu doesn't show either. Just get the bit on the right hand side
Lacazette assist at least but others in my league have Auba :(
Bald Fraud avoided
Watch Wilson get a hat-trick and Fraser get 1 point
Just need a Rashford hat-trick. No biggie
Wilson to Rashford paid off!
Just conceded
Ah, a pretentious Apple ad.
Looks like we found our first line to stick with, now for the second
Yeah, that was handball
Kane looks really good so far. Even if he blanks I'll happily keep him for another week before thinking of dropping
2-1 Alli from Son potentially
Pickford lucky not to be booked
That's a bold strategy Cotton, lets see if it pays off.
Dallas doing the business
Referees that make the game revolve around them are the worst. No reason to call a penalty there at all. That referee should be suspended for a week. Fucking joke.
CHALLENGE That's a fumble ffs
"I guess it doesn't matter" Er. Yes it does Romo. Every yard matters.
Score a touchdown on this drive and I think, we might just make it Famous last words of course
Nice waste
Rainbird. What a name
This affects more than one family. Each case is diferrent. That was the point I was trying to make.
Da Comrade
I long to meet someone near me in the UK who shares an interest in the Penguins. Alas. Going to order one online at some point from the store. Have two previous ones but like the new ones more. Enjoy!
I think the Penguins still do it in some way for their games.
And look what the Irish did to each other. See how stupid a point it is?
Should buy a box at a game together ha
No Rashford no party
Thanks, need to check what I have first as I have some already.
Could be worse, at least you have crab and whales there.
So, mining, husbandry, shipping etc?
All those lost games from concussion. Keep going Sid!
Harry Kane!
Jimenez
RIP Leicester CS
2-1 Firmino
Yeah, time to get Salah back
Person first brought in Firmino because of course
If Australia had two more wickets I'd back them but India should win this fairly easily. Oh, just seen the start is delayed. Interesting
Isn't this a yearly thing that he does?
I don't care about the Browns game until the 4th quarter. We've got to get business done on our end first before we can even think about the other.
The entire coaching staff needs to go anyway. This team needs a clear out.
Come on Browns D. Get that interception or fumble.
I'm expecting nothing, impress me Browns.
Please Browns. Go do it. I expect nothing but I have hope.
That's coming back.
With a leap that big you could jump the Grand Canyon
It's someone trying to be funny. Ignore.
That's a nice green top there
Same. 59-5 now
Did people always used to run on the pitch like that?
Saturday night*
Have both openers gotten 0 before?
Looking at the NRR after this... 😎
Just need a Warner 6 for £
Because Australia
I can't read that...
Ah, yes. I missed the very end
Shame. Want to see England go mad. Do we play at Trent Bridge again?
Poor start
Going to have to chase 400+ at this rate
Hard to see where the next wicket is coming
GET IN!
For those in the BBC, is BBC One not working for you?
Keep it tight boys
WOAKES catch again!
Pakistan should favourites. Don't think we'll do it
This is great Cricket, if stressful
We won't this now
How tf do umpires see shit like that
So many aborted runs
I think it's Wasim's birthday guys
Thank god
Past the halfway mark
Two good overs from Pakistan. I reckon we need to be 100 from remaining 60 or better to have a chance.
Singles rest of the over
This is so tense
Oh god, Mo batting
2's or boundaries guys
All over. GG Pakistan
Will lose by about 20
Now for Mo to shit the bed
No way Pakistan lose this now with another Amir over coming
At least it might ground any egos
Trump Brigade
It was mentioned numerous times, specifically Roy
This is amazing
Do we think anyone will have a quicker century than Buttlers 75 balls?
Why not?
It's the England and Wales Cricket team, have to host something there
BBC Weather says light rain till 4 then clear. Met Office says light rain till 3 then fine with spotty showers
Wouldn't Afghanistan's target be greater due to wickets in hand?
201 all out. Now for Afghanistan. I fancy Malinga to do well on this pitch
Dunno, it's odd
Afghanistan just need to be smart. Don't take stupid risks, plenty of overs
Sri Lanka are going to win this, Afghanistan cannot bat
Two good overs for Afghanistan
Under 100 to go!
Going to miss the next 30 mins. Urgh
One or two big overs would really bring Afghanistan closer. 11 off Malinga's last over?
A wicket wins it for SL I feel
Zadran or bust
Afghanistan scoring way too slow
Siddle with a 50! Likely a draw
Was blown over. But redevelopment mean it isn't in play
Think I had 6 to 1 on them reaching the Semi's
Well, my long bet including Kohli most runs and Cummings most wickets doesn't look great.
It will be ICC, not ECB planning...
Because ROUND!!
Think it's decide at random
We've been pretty crap
Not handball. Dutch, how have they not won this?
Another 30 minutes of this then.
That'll be the winner. Can't see us scoring again.
It's still Spring.
Summer doesn't start until June 21st.
Because it would be a waste of money.
Neither team got to that 41 over mark and lost any overs though. It was all over beforehand so the rain had little impact.
It's not a personal slight but it is annoying when there's serious comments saying we shouldn't host and people try and come up with reasons to not host it here. We know there's going to be rain, yet some seem surprised.
How do you send comments on the Cric Info live commentary?
14:03 Local Time, 13:03 GMT, 18:33 IST: Some good news. The first cover is beginning to come off. The inspection is at 14:30 local. And, the locals believe we can start by 15:15.
Just play.
How does it take this long?
It's Spring. The driest month is May but IPL
That's over a week away, way to early to worry.
Where can I buy a replica cricket ball? Like the ones used in the tournament?
You get a day off?
Finished tidying before my relative comes round. Now for Cricket TM
I woke up bang on 10:30 and rolled to the front room.
Way too early yet
Yep. But they change the location. I've seen Wembley
Playing to lose to Nadal
Moar boundaries please
Jason Roy!!
Benchod
Some more runs please
Go on Afghanistan!
So, what's tomorrow's game?
Required RR 9.09
This game is pretty dead at the moment.
Come on lads, time to break this partnership
RRR 9.6
30th June
I don't think you'll need to worry, you should win comfortably.
Catch it ffs
Why is the Canadian GP not hosted with the US and Mexican later in the year? Is it because of the cold?
30m worldwide apparently
We'll be out in the Semi's
Imagine being sat behind someone with a massive sign like that
You'll get that easily. 12 overs left.
350 on here
This is so easy for India. No way Australia win this
I'm not a part of this but it looks shady as fuck.
How far can VAR go back on a goal?
If you're talking about the fans chanting, it's called humour
Yep. The people complaining about England fans chanting " fuck var" are missing the point
No need at this point. Wait until the final 10-15 overs
Can we just skip to penalties
155-2 after 30 Double less 10 per wicket. 290. Aussie need to ramp it up now
Going to lose by 100 at this rate
Bottas next for Max
Hamilton 3.3s behind. Will take something to close that gap
Can't see Lewis closing this down
5 second penalty!
Can they reverse it?
Vettel might come 3rd..
They should have a thing on the graphics saying he has a 5 second penalty. Kind've important..
Vettel 3rd
No they didn't
Wow. Vettel's just fucked off
This is one of our driest months
No, it'd be reduced wages
Google ranges from 2hr 30m to 3hr
At least tomorrows forecast has light rain below 35% for most of the game, should be able to get a game in
All Slip Roof = April Fools.
We have public ballots for tickets. I need to go to Australia one day to watch Cricket. You guys have the next T20 WC, right?
Copypasta
I do, yes
They've had a ridiculous amount of rain. Nothing to do with bad drainage
Easy Aussie win
Ravi? Ravi?
They need to sort it out as it's irritating
I'm sad to see Maatta go but this is a good trade
Expect we'll lose this. Anything but a win and we're out of the Championship race really.
Overcast conditions
This game feels pretty straightforward from here. India will get 350+. Pakistan all out for 250
That seems like a good idea. I will do that.
Lads, it's Afghanistan.. ;)
I feel Gatwick is possibly better too, with a direct train link between the two to allow domestic/connecting flights to nearby allowed to be moved from Heathrow.
My god they're bad
Reckon we'll get 350
Do I have KFC for lunch or not?
That's against the law, disgraceful!
I'll take 10
Anyone scored a century without a 6?
No he doesn't. Morgan's taken that up
No Universe Jos today
6 for Joe!
Poor Rashid
13! England record
I miss this Mo. One more team 6 record
Team record 25!
Afghanistan with a better opening powerplay
Just the 14.6 per over needed
Gives the Sharks much needed cap space
England bowlers look like they're not 100% trying.
He did a show on "Who do you think you are" - He has Turkish ancestry.
Thinking about this, I will probably do this next week after I come back from holiday. Opportunities there.
Yes, one mistake on a young player means they can't possibly be worth what is being reported as no-one makes mistakes if they're any good.
Finally something from the pitch, good catch
Game is getting away from Bangladesh, they need a good 5 overs. Try and restrict them to 325.
Oh it's pissing down
Urgh, have to do my ACCA exam tomorrow, third attempt...
It's annoying, as I know it when I'm studying but then forget it in the exam..
How so?
Review that, looked wide
Looking forward to another game not having a close finish....
Passed my exam, now to go home and watch cricket
He constantly tries to link things to India, even when not playing
Oh Jonny
Typical Vince
Pitch is hard for batting
FUCK.
Ah, that's out..
We do, not playing though
Yep. All over now. GG Sri Lanka
Good
It's over. Will lose by 30 or so.
Singles aren't enough now.
Hint, hit the fucking thing
9 an over. Not happening
Don't collapse Afghans, give it a fight
Afghanistan shouldn't worry about run rate, plenty of balls. Just build a solid partnership
Pandya getting tonked
Kuldeep killing them
Bumrah back. RIP Afghanistan
Singles rest of this over now
What would the cap hit on the buyout be?
The fact it's taking so long must be due to cap checks
Welcome to the Metrodome
Bumrah's going to stop them, don't worry India
Come on Afghanistan! One big over
He's gone
12 an over needed. No fucking way they're getting that
It's all over. Well done India
Need to win to stay in the title hunt
Pura, that's the one. I think I need to perhaps spend time practising
Posh ones, a lot
Saffas doing bits
Reckon Bottas will lose P2 to Leclerc on the opening straight.
Pretty boring race so far.
Continually fastest laps by Ham
Hamilton; "Something doesn't feel good" Sets fastest lap
Poor Grosjean, retiring again
Standard, as usual, Essex collapse
They're going to look at those over-takes.
How is that not given as a red?
Ottawa?
England players must be embarrassed to share the field with them.
Moan about that Cameroon
Yuck
That's a straight red.
This ref is shit
Parity is more than just championships
If we can get a lead of 250 I reckon we could win
You have Cummins and Starc. They'll ruin us
RR too high
If we don't make the semis heads should roll.
Bullshit
No need to beat us now India, can let us win...
Go on Afghan bros!
Not fast enough on the straights
So, how many places will Hamilton drop on his penalty?
Yes, come on Afghanistan!!
Yes!!
Should be 6 down!
GG Pakistan
Congrats Afghanistan, you played yoself
Kessel :(
Expecting a loss
I have to go out now, urgh
12 more overs like that please
Yes Ben!
No-one getting anywhere near Leclerc so far.
Bottas pitting
"He has to get past Kubica" That won't be hard.
So, why did Vettel pit?
Bottas 6 seconds behind already. Could be 4/5 for Merc.
Here we go!
Do what now
YES!!
Our bowling has been poor
0 sixes from India
Time to dump Tomori
Two assists*
Rico CS please
Yep
Never anything wrong with having a Chinese!
I got an Alexa Echo Dot. If it's day time then I'll use itnormal volume but if it's night time then I'll put it on low. They have kids upstairs and below me, don't want to wake them.
Jobs for pals by the sounds of it. Sounds dodgy as well
Yeahh I know but the original implies he skipped it completley. Just clarifying it.
Worrying that someone would think it's boring as there's no wars.
Looking missing to me
Bess's average haha
250 guaranteed all out
Just whack it Pope.
People should just not be cunts
If not Root, Stokes
Good to see us capitalise on our good start...
Lucky again..
10. So 658
He's still got it
Texans offence. Woof
Pot3ntial overtime!
Overtime!
New HS for Sibley
Howling
Is anyone able to get a list of the slowest centuries by minutes? Tried it on Cric Info but failed.
Back to work.
Not really
Salty
Have Henderson Am sad
Don't forget the 11 Lords Leaping
This in Perth?
Excited about our t20 chances
I wouldn't be surprised if he retires after this year.
Blair?
Political ads when I'm watching Sport, just what I want!
Stop trying to make Slofies a thing Apple
I'm not even in the US
I forgot it was on, oops
Who got the face?
I just remember him being asked after we won and not being 100% confident
Tranmere are likely fucked too
Four Naan BigBeanMarketing, Four?! Are you insane??
Classic England getting out on a good batting pitch
I just think of The Office and Dwight talking about citations with that Rabada news.
10:45
Good review
Oh Jos
Elgar bowling
So much potential with this team
Wood!
28 balls is England's fastest 50
What did KP say
Yes!
Fuck off criminal It's no cooler than Michael Scott doing it.
Long delay?
Good job this isn't a four day test or it would be over today.
Just got Ings so of course beched rumours
Digne assisting the assister
Guessing no more play today?
Fuck off rain
Up at 7 for Go Karting. Now to watch sport
Another CS gone
Getting tired at 11pm
Make sense we play worse when we start getting our best players back from injury
You haven't seen Sid's ass. Could knock people with that thing
I'd just not come in haha. Fuck that shit
Galchenyuk is missing
YESSS
Halak was rooted to his spot
Boston all over us. Don't like this
RUSTTTTYT
Longest pleasure pier in the world
Is the one in Shoebury still there?
Petty
Premier League wouldn't agree to give up any more money. They already think they do enough.
Same
Henderson points!
Sky showing any games?
Regret going Digne to VVD now
Urgh Why the fuck did I do Digne to VVD
Will lose 3 BPS to KdB
I hate this game
Fucking David Amess
At least the t20 is on TV
India have got this on lock
By which time it'll start raining again
Odd they put the Greater Anglia line on but not Southend line
My hairdresser is Dire Straits
Did you meet them on Monday?
I would say Le Touquet by car via Shuttle. But bit of a way to go! What about Cornwall?
Broad one baller coming
Used to go there as a kid. Good food and beach
Joint 7th highest 10th wicket partnership v South Africa now.
Can only hope it gives him his confidence back
I wasn't even alive then.
Got to have a bit of the gelatin to be the best
Extend it
These two get to 100 partnership then cunt it
So salt n sauce is just salt and watered down brown sauce?
That was cunted
90 runs from Crawley this test, good job.
Missing leg
Cunt it Ben
Signed up for a team but was never picked years ago.
21 overs remain. Bat 14 then declare?
Easiest thing to do is just move the game on the 29th December to another time.
Calypso Collapso time
Selling all our players, not buying anyone. Going to be a tough 6 months
Southend = Sarfend Stanford-le-Hope = Stanford no Hope Billericay = Ricay
Believe it or not people, not everyone's wants to cook all the time.
Study Day tonorrow
Ignore me. I meant to write Avacadoes.
For an Ikea?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estuary_English
Wow. Never seen this before. Spain?
It's how he has the best words
I suspect we'll hear today now Blackout Tuesday is over
What is this and where do you find it on PS4?
You're Indestructibleeee
It's a different console so requires another copy
Nah. Give us Anne Sacoolas
92k p/w is a lot for an impact sub. Would he take less wage but a bigger signing on fee and appearance fee with a big goal bonus and 1 year optional extension?
Are you still in 3.Liga?
Deserve to go down for not beating us once.
It's out today
Summer hasn't started
Keep dreaming
Believe they showed mostly PS exclusives?
Give me Sepang..
I'm on a boat and, I'm going fast and I got a nautical theme, Pashmina Afghan
His fake laughter is something to behold
Is it it worth having Salah if you could switch to TAA and upgrade your midfield?
Salah, Maxim, Dendoncker, Justin vs Son, Mount, Moutinho, TAA Thinking #2?
ECB will be getting ideas. What's wrong with t10 or t20?
Lundstrum Yellow on FPL is incorrect isn't it?
Probably means Aguero starts v Burnley
KdB and Auba goals please
Nope
Can't beat KFC Gravy though
Auba had a disallowed goal from a Saka assist
Saka subbed
Banter
Come on Jimi
Take Boly off now please
Same. Managed to wipe out my 38 point deficit nearly to the ML this week!
One more Raul...
Maxim's off, no more goals please
8th is possible Europe
Mount ht please
How has Mount looked?
10/11 English for Burnley. Last fully English side?
Aguero to ?
Try this; https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
Oi Kane. Score
Completely forgot I had Son in my team
Doubt I can but would like to catch 2nd in my league. 50 behind though. Have TC and FH left. He doesn't. First is 70 with TC left
Jimenez look like scoring?
Martial owners dancing
Fuck off Villa
Robertson HT please
It's oval or nothing for a second race. Endurance has been used and wasn't a good race
No goal and Auba goes
Don't see that happening
I'll pass
Adama.
How many has HRC had for Benghazi now?
What a new, fresh thought. No one has mentioned having that playlist before
Someone check on Codemasters
The last update took 2 hrs 30 mins or thereabouts. This is smaller but will take 5 hours at least. What gives?
Holt to Commissioner Terry to Captain of the 99 Amy moves to a new precinct to come Captain/Sargeant Jake to a Special Police Force, maybe counter Terrorism Scully and Hitchcock retire Rosa finds someone Boyle opens a Restaurant
