I think it'd be more likely that the spear wielder is Genderbent odin actually, and the centaur guy is his steed. Gungnir is often depicted as a Lance with long twirls leading off of it like the one there, and odin is said to travel with two wolves which can be portrayed how the Lance wielder has white animal (doglike) ears
Actually I was looking more into it a bit. What if it's not odin but actually Sleipnir, odins horse? It's a weird concept but I was looking at the ears and they kind of look more horse like actually, and the spear could be gungnir still
This one felt like they tried too hard to be funny tbh
Well not exactly, as in the new server people would be rolling for the first time on those. When it comes to reruns, it's assumed the whales already rolled
Apparently she's on vacation for a few days
Some of them might be idk, but Poke was actually the one to convince most of them to stream. He also invites them most of the time from what I'm aware.
&gt; (even if UBW actually messed them up financially pretty badly) I'd like a source on this because I've never heard anything that would lead us to believe that
I think he means in the sense that if they leave the extra 5 stars for those people without giving everyone an extra roll, it would piss off a lot of people since it'd feel like an unfair advantage. But if they also roll back all of the affected accounts, it would piss off people who rolled and got something good, now have to reroll.
A lot of people are saying in this thread it's a full rollback to before they did any guaranteed roll at all.
Troubled production from a studio's perspective or just from a viewers perspective? There's a big difference. Also it may have been an issue for them schedule wise at the time due to God eaters timing but that doesn't mean they would be financially hurt in the end if UBW sold enough to make up for what they spent.
Yeah I'll agree there. The art isn't bad really, but they made her way too timid/waifu in it. She should've had a more "strong" looking artwork
Idk why they drew suzuka so timid in her non final art ascensions. She's supposed to be cocky, playful, and full of herself, not look like she's afraid of her master. Her final art is nice (not perfect, ) but they really dropped the ball on her other ascension art. It doesn't feel suzuka to me. It should be way more confident and smug looking.
Who?
"Hype rallies" are sometimes what people enjoy though. Not everything needs to be based on statistics or "logic." Sometimes it's more fun to just joke around and act like X thing gives you a higher chance because it's *fun*. It doesn't increase your chance but it also doesn't decrease them either. It's just to have some fun with it. So if the catalyst does "work" you can talk about it with friends and just play around. Sure some people might believe that it does in fact work, but the majority don't. It's more fun to hype yourself up and have a positive outlook on things rather than jsut "hmm yes 1% chance. My chances are slim." Its all about just them doing something to feel positive
While the "choice" skill thing sounds fun on paper, in practice it would be unfair. It'd basically be giving that servant 4+ skills instead of 3. Yes you couldn't activate them all at the same time, but you'd have 2 nice skills for situational uses. They'd have to be compensated to the point where you'd be better off just having a beefed up version of one of the skills rather than 2 meh skills
Yeah I agree. They could've even made her just as hot/attractive in a battle vs just sitting there like that. They didn't even need to make her fighting anything. Could've had something like her standing by a Cliffside near her castle, both Gae Bolgs stuck in the ground, as she looks off into the distance deep in serious thought. Highlight the legs/chest/body and all of that even so it retains a "hot" appeal but doesn't basically turn her into nothing *but* "look she's hot." Something like Tomoe, Musashi (even tho hers is boring,) Ishtar, Eresh, or even Mordred would be way better fitting.
Most people don't put weight into it no. However people do put weight into things like the time aspect of it sometimes because while it is rng, people are skeptical of *how* rng it is. Especially with how things like the DBZ Dokkan Battle fiasco came about. Where people who whaled had their rates artificially lowered, and other players had theirs raised. As people have no ability to see the concrete proof, some are more skeptical about the situations they see when they are either consistently below the average, or see another person who is consistently well above the average as far as "luck" is concerned. Because while it is stated to be rng, we as players never truly know for sure. Im sure many people on dbz dokkan battle didn't think there was anything fishy then it turned into that fiasco.
Yeah same. She's honestly one of my favorite servants to use (I'd use her sooooooo much if she was single target.) Her smug face in her sprite art is exactly how she should look in her normal art. Even that one "rape face" grin she does in her dialog options/story appearances is much more fitting
I meant it more as in someone who "only rolls at 2am" or someone who tries to roll right when the new banner is released since "it has higher chances." Things like that.
I don't like it either because of that. I mean if they wanted to go the sexual route, just make her look more Dom or something. The way they did Salter was just as bad as Scath
Yes but then it basically "powercreeps" the old skill if you now have like 4 different options for one skill If they actually add effects like that to the old servants (and I don't mean just three additions every 4 months) it could be fun, but if it's just gonna be added on new servants and very few older ones, I don't think it will be a good addition
Who does he draw
Good to have you back Eri
Tone this down If it a reference to your username while trying to make a joke, you still need to tone down the aggression here
The Kiyohime kimono from EoR3 is what I meant
I want to see her make a servant. I love her art
I mean, if you could teach something like this to Asmongold, you *deserve* the mod
This is a spoiler
The click clack of her shoes on the roof is so soothing
I love the end when she yells SABIIII (or whatever the actual word is)
&gt; She also has a way better version of Orisa's ult along with constant health regen whilst being able to fly and switch targets still. Then why don't they nerf these aspecs of the ult more to compensate for the rez
Didn't she write fragments? I thought that one was viewed as pretty good.
Drinking just makes me even more quiet tho
"Remember, I'm watching you even in your dreams"
Kiara: "Oh? You can talk to your papa in outer space? Well I'm about to make you call me daddy too."
Dat hokusai ain't no loli my friend
Cunuckles: "DO U KNO DE GAE?"
No. Plenty of the 1-3 star units are very very good, and perfectly viable for end game content. One example being Cu Chulain who is a 3 star servant who has been available since the games release 2 years ago. He can be gotten completely free, and is one of the most useful servants in the game. Other servants like BB are welfare servants given out for free during events, and they're also extremely good. BB being one of the best servants in the game on jp. Many fan favorites are higher rarity, therefore harder to get. But you do not need higher rarity servants to beat the game. The game is designed to let you play with your favorite characters, not just who is op/higher rarity. The game isn't p2win its p2waifu, meaning that you don't spend money to beat the game, you spend it to get your favorites. Basically every servant is viable
Her np gen is garbage too
Probably bond 10as well
From what I'm aware, the bond level damage bonus applies for that fight even if it's not your servant
&gt; We'll only be allowed to summon a certain number of Servants, and thus have to make our teams from those Servants, which will change maybe every battle or chapter. It'll have to be *types* of servants because I really don't see them restricting us to only using certain servants as that basically *forces* you to roll for X servants.
[Hibike Euphonium](https://myanimelist.net/anime/27989/Hibike_Euphonium)
Keep spoilers in only spoiler tagged threads otherwise you're going to receive a ban.
Well to be fair, I feel like fate café would kind of be cheating when wanting to meet fgo players. But it is probably much easier to find fgo players there still.
If there was a way to get all of the new faces or if someone was willing to shop out some we'd be more than willing to add a bunch more
Well as I said I'd like to see a vod before I fully judge but it seems more like a misunderstanding all around. Poke could've came off as an asshole, but at the same time from his perspective it kind of did seem like that. Could've handled it better but he was probably annoyed by most snipers. And her popping up and streaming and talking over everyone *does* come off as a leech still. Because let's be real, it would be hard to believe someone came into there as a streamer but didn't know any of the other people there were streamers too (since most of them are the biggest vr streamers outside the random times people like sodapoppin jump into vr for a bit.) And it wasn't totally her fault either assuming she actually didn't know. So it's not really "defending toxic behavior" but a situation of *both* sides being in the wrong.
Hey Jaxun please don't post all of these. If you plan to make them just make a big album and do it rather than all individually. Most of these are reposts too
Idk Kiyohime comes off as someone mature still to me. Yes she's very obsessed with her master, but none of what she really does comes off as a kid. Most of the ways she speaks and acts come off as a mature lady, even if shes crazy in her obsession.
That applied to launch servants. We don't know if that extends to ones released later like Jalter
Wouldn't vasavi Shakti be on par too
There's something about this Jalter picture that *really* feels "jeanne alter" to me. This was really well done and perfectly fits the character
Putting this up now in the chance that I fall asleep before the game comes back up. IT IS TIME, OUR QUARTZ WILL BLOT OUT THE SON
Yeah but he's worried about watching Jalter leave him for the other Chad masters
She's just being sassy because I like BB more
That doesn't apply to me because my waifu just views them as a way for me to get FP to roll more of herself.
Let's not forget how ridiculous Raiko Lancers is too
I still cant see Circe as a Loli honestly. She just comes off as a petite woman to me. I've even met girls who have her body type
I have a lvl 90 10/10/10 Ozy with it. Sometimes I'll get like 100 fp here and there but overall the amount isn't much.
There are people who deserve that wayyyy more than Abby though
Well Kintoki focused yeha i just saw the other images. I didn't know this was a talkshow. But still, I'm tired of seeing raiko pmuch everywhere now
I don't expect a new kiyohime, i meant her getting her animation update. But it's Kintoki thats getting his update
Emiya I don't like being in all of them, but I kind of brush it off as he's an FSN character. I don't really like it though and don't support it. I also won't be as vocally opposed to it though as I hate Raiko much more, but find both situations silly. She was also in Summer 2017, where her swimsuit version was released as one of the most broken and overloaded 4 stars in the game, where she competes with the 5 stars of her class. Not even because she does unique things. But simply because they gave her crazy stats, and her skills are absurd when it comes to damage.
Tone it down
Getting ptsd flashbacks
To start off, Bryn is one of my favorite servants. I had been waiting for her for a long time prior to this, and saved like 300 quartz for her. So for Bryn's first rate up, I held a stream event where I streamed all my rolls for Bryn with /u/eriochroming on stream with me as well. We did some giveaways and stuff too where the stream went on for two days in total. I think a Tuesday and weds. To add on, prior to the I had not rolled any 5 star at *all* in normal rolls as a p2p player, and the only one I had was Orion which I rolled in the first guaranteed 5 star gacha. Between the two days, I rolled the equivalent of around 1200 quartz in total, and not only did I not get Bryn, I didn't get *any* 5 star in that entire amount. Even still the stream was pretty fun overall, even tho it was pretty suffering. It's why back then my luck was legendary for how bad it was. The highlight of the stream had to be where I got 3 gold lancers in the same 10 roll. The first was Fionn, then immediately after it was another fionn, followed by a ce, then another gold Lancer that turned into Liz. I wish I had the vod of the stream, but I didn't know you had to turn on a setting to save them on twitch. Here's the link to the second stream thread https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/44i7di/stream_the_road_to_suffering_going_to_be/?st=jcgu3f5l&amp;sh=478a75df
Yeah I haven't streamed since then really. I had a bio but I took it down a while back
Maidsterious Heroine X
Too bad they didn't make AE do x1.5 and .75 but also take 75% and 125% damage Throw them in the middle so they have some more upsides maybe. But overall yeah alter ego is a really meh class in practice. It's more a "fill in the blanks" type deal with them.
I really like how they're making more figures for other servants lately, rather than just making new versions of Arturia and Nero
Let's not forget [Pro-Pain Hank Hill](https://clips.twitch.tv/CrepuscularCoweringPeafowlMVGame)
The appeal to it without a headset is that it's the best a lot of people can get if they can't afford (or don't want to) spend $400-$600 on a whim
[](#kiyohappy)
[](#bbscary)
I actually wasn't the one who did that. Erio was the one that changed it for me when she gave me the Bryn account. I would like to get Bryn though on na too but would laugh since I don't have any quartz really lol
Do they have her as a model
It's a shame how having 3 arts cards almost always means a servant has shit np gen
To be fair, the story wasn't very good at the start
I know they try to balance it out, but it just seems like a lot of times servants with 3 arts get shafted when it comes to np gen. Like they have 3 arts cards for np gen, but what's the point of having 3 arts when your np gen is often lower to compensate? As for Circe, I really don't like what they did to her, especially while releasing Shiba in the same batch. Circes np can stun (idk the chance though) but her damage is so low and her np gen outside of her first skill insta np is basically abysmal. I don't see the balance in giving a servant an instant np tool, but then gutting their np. Yes it prevents them from np spamming, but at the same time it basically does that at the cost of giving them a skill
Tbh, Jalter and Saber Alter looks really bad here. Those dresses were ugly. But the rest, ESPECIALLY Tamamo, looked fantastic.
Yeah, I expected him to look up and see a whale
There's a difference between harder and simply more time consuming though. They can make the leveling experience more fun and engaging without just making things take twice as long. Such as increasing the mob health *and* exp gains so that people leveling aren't just running around hitting one button for 90 levels, but they're also leveling at the same speed they were before. The experience should be fun, not just extremely time consuming. Making mobs more dangerous is cool, but not when it takes an excruciating amount of time to level up. There's a middle ground where they can increase mob health but make quests/kills/etc give more exp a a reward. You level at the same pace as now, but the time spent leveling is more fun.
Kiyo got pissed enough to turn herself into a dragon from sheer will and anger. She'd just be like fuck berserker, welcome to rage mode alter ego
I was waiting for someone to do this
The Monk hall is a bit of an unfair example since the island is still in a mop are, the class is a mop class, and pandaren are monk oriented. Taoshi as a rogue follower tho is fair
Why is Hanzos ult line there tho
Please tone down the frequency of fluff posts. Keep it to around one comic a day or two if you haven't posted one in a while. Commenting on other threads is perfectly fine though
Yeah but Tirion killed the guy who killed *us*, so Tirion wins
Eh only really Zenyata stands out there. The rest have their ups and downs when it comes to skins
Junkrat's way worse in that mode imo
[I finally completed the penpal trio for my support list!](https://i.imgur.com/E2H4Bsc.jpg) Now kiyo has all her buddies to have fun with [](#kiyohappy)
As mentioned in the post, this has no effect on things here. You're still allowed to post comics on this subreddit, just FGOcomics is another, more specialized place you can post them.
I don't understand how people are saying pre rework mercy was more fun? Outside of the fact you get targeted even more now, I really don't see it. Pre rework mercy went in either of two ways. You sat there for almost the entire game holding left or right mouse button until your ult charge. Then you either did the exact same thing or ran and hid behind a wall to jump out and press Q, then repeat holding L or R mouse button. It's barely any different than current mercy with even less stuff that you have to do. At least now you can do some rezes more often. I get people who consider old mercy better for the game balance wise, but I just don't understand how someone can call old mercy way more fun. You'd basically be doing almost the same thing as now or even less in the cases where you just stood behind a wall waiting for everyone to die.
While that actually wouldn't be that bad, I'd rather it be tamamo because tamamo needs some desperate love with how much she's been shafted recently. Not to mention at least Archer has two other anime that he's featured in (although more of a backseat position in heavens feel)
I was joking with a friend that it would be funny if they made a 5 star Kiyohime Rider Bride that acted as a buster support. It would basically make the trio their own class triangle, and cover all 3 card types.
The Irish Rainbow Association spreads Gae Pride wherever they go
You posted 3 comics in the past 3 hours. Please spread out the amount you post, or make an album of the translated comics to post. Keep it to 1-2 a day mostly
Yeah but your statement implied that the reason he has the most kills was *because* getting an elimination is easy with roadhog's gun. The other posters were saying that while that is possible, Roadhog is still more than capable of getting the most kills by relying on his own abilities/skill, not just a giant spread from his shotgun hitting everyone.
&gt; I'm confused why that matters to me? I'm simply explaining why the "most kills" statistic isn't proof of anything. If they have a problem with the original statement then they should reply to the original statement. Because the person was saying that the other poster saying "Roadhog has trouble" isnt exactly accurate because he implied Roadhog is perfectly capable of killing people.
I like everything but her hair. That part looked weird to me. Twintails and blonde don't really fit Dva very well. Everything else looks nice imo tho
I think her mech as a giant Zergling and her jumping out in a Kerrigan styled jumpsuit (plz no Kerrigan dreds tho) would look super cool and unique. I feel if they style it more like a Terran style, it would look too similar to her base/junker skin
Nothing gets me harder than cybergoth zarya
You misunderstand. He want's to be ejected from this earth and put into that VR world
To put it into perspective, we gained so many members that we were actually trending on reddit
&gt; I didn’t expect myself to have been translating a second hot springs comic after the first, those were just assisting other people. Due to personal reasons, I’ll be busy for the next few days and wasn’t going to delete the Knights onsen comic post I made just to repost everything while having to create a gallery for that. Like with your previous mistake, I too don’t have the foresight to predict whether I will be able to have ample time due to my situation to be able to safely judge whether I can finish more than one comic in a span of given time. It is currently 3 am here and I have an appointment at 8am, and an emergency just happened here to keep me up, so surely you can see why I can’t plan it out as cleanly as you’d like. This was the only comic post I posted for myself, and is completely irrelevant to the hot springs theme of the other two, and I would not like to see irrelevant things in the same gallery as this is its own thing. I had also received complaints against myself that I had posted my translated and typeset comic too late, and someone beat me to the punch, so it’s my prerogative to ensure things are posted timely without hesitation. If it pleases you I can make an alt to do the same posts instead so you’ll be able to feel like multiple people are translating, but I prefer it that it goes under this account to be easy for people to track translated posts by me in the one place. If you do that we'd shadowban the alt and the main because you'd be trying to bypass the rules. As I said plenty of times before. We have rules on here that need to be followed. I'm sorry if you have RL conflicts that come up, but that's just something that happens. You still need to abide by our rules. &gt;If I respond to translation requests as they come out with an hour interval between the first and second, as I did for the onsen posts, the result is that two posts have been made, and by your terms, I’m not allowed to be posting anything for myself for a set duration of up to a day after just because I had aided other people prior, to which I can’t tell when TL requests would come in. In which case, stifles the speed of answering other people’s requests as they come in and comes with the expectation that I choose to translate a request but not to post it which would help people keep track of what has and has not been translated as farran had mentioned clearly that people don’t trawl through threads but monitor the new posts for a check as to whether a TL request has been answered, which wouldn’t be possible with what you’re recommending me do at all. Then make them all into a big "Comic translation requests post" or just post them as a response to the person in the comic's initial thread. &gt;I’m still wondering why you passed on judgement and eventually got around to taking down the dickbutt post after a day but deleted my Nightless Caster comic posts mere minutes after posting when they had no fanart in them, but I don’t think any reply I eventually get will satisfy set terms anyway, so I’ll lay that topic well aside. Because it wasn't me who removed the dickbutt post. Another mod did, as they disagreed with my stance on it and raised that it *did* count as "too meme" of a post. I'm not infallible, and can be wrong as I was in this case where I let the post stay up. The other mod removed it and explained why. That's fair. Your nightless caster comic posts are removed because I just happen to see them at the time you posted them while I wasn't browsing at the time of other ones. &gt;Edit: On the timezone where I live as well, the last three hours have changed the date from before midnight to after, hence it would do me good if you accounted that I posted these on different days. Further edit: Oh, you deleted this post anyway, so what timezone do you live in so I can comprehend the change in dates from your perspective instead of my own, and keep to your new 1-2 posts a day mostly rule? And as explained above, wouldn’t this be classified as under the ‘mostly’ clause? It’s not as if I post very often now after you restricted most of what I can do, and after you told me to stop translating, I had stopped bothering answering people’s requests at the same speed I had done before to placate your needs, only at most doing 5 requests per month for the last two months. And I’ll be maintaining all the previous rules you set for just me; that I have to create galleries for any post no matter how irrelevant posted within a short span of time, make sure none of the constitutes of the gallery are a single panel long for the context of the comic, as well as you previously stating that no galleries I make will be allowed to be edited after posted at any indefinite time. When I say a day, I do not mean 12am-12am in a certain timezone. I mean do not post more than 1-2 in a 24 hour period. And generally no more than 3 per 48 hours. It's not a timezone thing but a time from when you post. This is to prevent the sub from becoming just a place for people to post comics. We allow comics but at the same time expect people not overdo this and post tons and tons to the point where it drowns everything else out.
Please repost this with a different name as the name of the chapter is a spoiler. Just put "final chapter release" instead
That's just it though. Her potgs aren't rare. They're basically non-existant
We call that the bronze scare tactic
Then don't play No Limits Lmao
Please do not make Megathread examples like this without speaking to the mods about it. Especially if it involves another sub.
Not high at all
I mean it depends. Cross posts are allowed but not all of them. Something like crossposting news from /r/fatestaynight or /r/anime isn't a problem. But just doing something like crossposting from /r/FGOcomics to have the comic on both subs isn't really something we'd like. The primary problem with this post though is that it makes a Megathread for things when thsts a mods decision to make
&gt; by that logic it'd be the same as calling Mitch a leech from riding Sodapoppin and Reckful's backs to fame. A lot of people do say that tho
&gt; Lirik talked about later on how he feels like Greek always wants to insert himself into shit, Well I mean he did basically become known by repeatedly stream sniping Tyler1 over and over to the point where he got featured for a while. So Lyric isn't really wrong. Idk if the term leech would fit Greek, but he's definitely not just a normal person talking in a chat. He does force himself into other streams, etc. Now it's more tolerated since he became well known himself/can be funny. But Greek basically famous by being some form of "leech" on Tyler1. It was more a leech to get Tyler to play with him rather than leech for viewers, but it's still a similar concept.
I think in the case of Greek, people see him as a sleezeball who got successful by being a sleezeball so they get annoyed that he basically "made it" by forcing himself into things.
I feel like it's an extreme case with Fate though. All the characters have the exact same name as heroic figures (so it's highly likely that they'd be searched for in a classroom context) and the Fate character completely overshadowed the actual historic figure. It's to the point where if you google Nero Claudius, only *one* of the pictures is the actual historic figure instead of the Fate character.
The word edgy gets overused very very often, but in this case it's completely warranted. The new swain is basically *exactly* what the term edgy was meant to describe in the first place. He even has the demonic hand with an inner demon thing going on.
He took the phrase big on twitch literally
The guy is showing a history professor experiencing it right here tho
Servant identities aren't a spoiler here as long as they are roll able
I'm a dragon not a snake tyvm
As long as they're roll able on jp it's okay to mention their name but don't mention their role in the story or anything related to story.
This is about who you put in the onsen
I wonder if it actually is a "mercy main" thing skewing the stats. It always seems like most players main a hero, and the hardcore mains usually have like Genji with 20% higher time than their soldier play, reinhardt mains having reinhart 20% higher than their Roadhog play, etc. But for some reason when people main mercy they ***main*** Mercy. With hours on mercy completely overshadowing all other heroes by far
Mercy was the most played hero before her buffs. It's not just people maining her because she's op
I wouldn't be too surprised if it's a gacha mobile game
"*You*. Spit on me."
Are they dating or something?
Didn't know that. I figured it might be a vr roleplay relationship thing, but didn't know they actually wound up dating for real Wouldn't be surprised if the Nutz thing winds up that way too
The same way Sao does it. Put all the girls in all types of different cute costumes, and saving a few for the guy too
No its not grounds for saying Mercy is unviable. But it *is* grounds for saying Mercy is not working in this particular instance, so another hero would fit better.
So it's just vr rp dating not real dating?
It seems a bit forced if they're pushing that much, but I don't doubt there's a possibility. I do think its probably mostly faked but somewhat real at the same time
But how did it go up?
They showed their size in the features trailer at Blizzcon: https://i.imgur.com/q2jPPO4.jpg But they could always shrink it down for players of course.
Gimme a Fate/ one plz
Usually because those same people have lfr as their peak in wow
Like the massive feedback threads that were brought up in legion beta for locks, hunters Ret palies, etc that were jsut straight up ignored? Blizzard doesn't listen to anything unless you raise shit about it loud and early. Even when you give massive amounts of valid, quantified feedback, they ignore people.
I thought they did it pretty well though here. There was enough going on while they were giving off the info that it kept you intetested/wondering without just thinking "alright where's the real stuff"
Some of the sites you can find them on aren't bad at all. They might not be the best every but they're certainly not hindering the experience
I watched them on a streaming site and they were perfectly fine. Maybe like one error but that's it
To be fair, instead they're rehashing a simple one line phrase that's been used for over 2 years lol
He probably just cares about fame/attention mostly, and got it through Nutz + the people watching to see Nutz. Either that or he just wants to bang her and doesn't care about the rest.
In his defense, most people asking that stuff don't have good intentions in the first place so that's fair
Considering people who you spend a lot of time with under mutual hobbies as friends is a pretty normal thing to do lol.
Not even that. I doubt she cares that much she didn't get invited to some rp event. The reason she's really hurt/crying is because it was people who she considered her *friends* that didn't invite her. She would most likely have gotten over it if it were just some random rp wedding thing that a random picked the streamers for. It's the fact she talked to her friends about it, saw them as friends, prepared a bunch of stuff for it (even asked if it was okay she did all that or should she just stay quiet on the sides,) yet was still ignored by people she saw as friends. That would've hurt mostly anyone to be excluded like that.
Hey, I'd cry if I got to marry woops too
Clearly Drek just sits in corners irl and thinks about people around him spitting on him while never saying it.
I feel like poke's group will wind up fine though. Just Chipz might get axed by everyone in the long run. It helps none of them are really admins like Eli was, so they can't just be "I'm the law"
Little did we know that the knuckles were showing us the true way all along.
What does Monika look like outside of vr anyway? I saw most of them other than her
I think it would be interesting if when/if they do ever add the Saver class in, it kind of acts like a 3rd in the triangle of alter ego, foreigner, and then Saver. Saver is weak to foreigner since they're an entity outside of the normal gods/world, foreigner is weak to alter ego for the reasons you said, and alter ego could be weak to saver because of something like them being able to make them whole/them having power over those with human characteristics/minds. I can't really think of a good justification for the alter ego weak to saver thing but I'm sure there's something that could be used. Would make the three classes more useful when vsing each other like how most people default to class advantage classes for mostly everything
It's just different people with different opinions. There's no real 50/50 split
That plus the alluring voice is prime sex appeal
Yeah the tit version of Arturia just looks straight trashy and hentai pandering. It doesn't even fit Arturia. Arturia became such a huge hit without being overly lewded or having massively oversized tits. There was no reason they had to do that. Especially when they made it such a huge focus of the design. If they wanted to sexify her, they could've just done it by focusing more on the thighs or something. The boobs look Nasty as they are currently
Hes a pretty good character in fate zero, but he just doesn't fit fgo
Honestly, losing clothes actually fits Gil diarmuid and Cu. Gil is as cocky as can be, so he wouldn't give a shit either way what he's wearing. "Sure I don't have armor on to protect from attacks, but that doesn't mean shit because I'm gonna fuck you up before you can even hit me." And both Cu and diarmuid actually fought naked in their legends, like all Irish warriors.
I still wish her 1st and 2nd forms had her glowing Lance though
It's the scarecrow posture that kills 3 for me
Tbh, that way sounds more fun overall.
ACHILLES FOR WHITE DAY? Also the upside to this is that it means Achilles is most likely going to be a 5 star
To be fair, I feel like this time would've been the worst possible time to spend it all though with the apoc anime ending this month (or was it December?)
Assuming we get an apocrypha collab
This is actually a good thing that semi came separately. (well depending on someone's viewpoint.) That means Achilles is most likely a 5 star too, so they separated them. Im expecting Achilles for white day while semi is valentines. I know some will argue Achilles being 5 star means he's much harder to get now. But on the other side of things, it also means both semi and Achilles were done justice/Achilles won't be shafted to push Semi above him
While it would've been interesting, generally every time they implement that it turns out to be really shitty overall
I really am expecting it to be Achilles now
Achilles 5 star perseus 4 star or chiron 4 star would be cool. Would be nice to have a double banner with them. I still 100% expect Achilles tho now that semi is valentines day. Muramasa seems more anniversary/new years type material
Summer Circe this summer plz
&gt; Achilles is definitely a 5. He is one of the strongest servants in universe. While this is true, there was still no guarantee that they would've made him a 5. Look at Cu, Herc, Lancelot, Rommulus, or the reverse with how Jack and Okita are both 5 stars. I feel if they had to choose between Semi and Achilles as 5 stars, it would almost be guaranteed that they'd pick Semi.
Not sure where they are on here but they definitely were posted.
I don't really agree with this sentiment here. There's no real "Rex is X whale lily" just like no whale who NP5s everyone is a Rex lily. If a player NP5s every servant, they can't really whale harder than that. After NP5, it's basically just wasting money to waste money/show off. Sure they *technically* would whale harder than someone else who whales to NP5 every servant, but that's just dumb to do/done to show off. There's no telling which one of them would whale harder in the end, if one of the whales stops when they get what they're after. Anything after that is just showing off how much money you can spend.
No, I don't really care about whales or what people spend on games. I just find it silly to compare whales when there is an end game to whaling at the high high level. If you roll more than to get NP5 of all servants (excluding a specific servant that's your waifu ofc like the kiyohime kool guy), it's jsut showing off at that point which I don't really like.
There will always be people too far gone to get them to read it. But this isn't really for the lost causes. It's more for the ones who aren't completely uncaring about it, but just ones that don't care/know enough about where to go looking.
Tbh I actually think it's even more likely he comes out for White Day. They could do Semi for Vtines, then turn around and pop out Achilles for White day. They could even add Chiron with him too like how they did Amakusa and Astolfo the first one
Isn't that only after Diamond though
That's who he was talking about
Well except for Ozy
A bit more of an immature pun, but I thought it was funny
I meant it as immature/crude humor, not immature as in the thread was early. I put the rollthreads up early because I'm sleeping when the game comes up (usually it comes up at 5am my time)
Do you live in the West? FGO's major sales numbers come from Japan. FEH and Pokemon GO are more "mainstream" here in the west.
The true prize this event [](#kiyohappy)
And because merlin is disgustingly overpowered. Semi isn't even close to his level
HAPPY
Just like the cucumbers
Might check this out later
No Jack-O, feelsbadman
There just might not be much standing for a while after that night if you take him up on it
With how slowly things have been coming out lately, I'm not sure if I agree with this tbh
Idk maybe you got unlucky, but from what I've seen most people hate the jeanne x sieg thing
Yeah i agree. It's annoying how some, instead of trying to cater their playstyle to fit the game, want the game to cater to their playstyle. If you can't play as well in a case like above, the solution should be to get better at the game, not for the company to make the game easier for the player. If said person can't do that for whatever reason, that's fine. However, that person should then be relegated to something like LFR or normal mode which were basically designed for the low tier player.
Or the summoner holding up a flag that says feathers #1
Because it most likely is intended that way
Sita fans send their regards
[Yagyu and Orion](https://twitter.com/kadoUki/status/1003660808465756160) This is probably the funniest one I've seen
While true, Jack is a small little girl wearing a suit type outfit so it might've looked odd
The Robin and Paul one looks like the MCs of an anime
I hope eventually we'll get a "guild" or "clan" system. Would be pretty fun.
That CM is where all of apocrypha's animation budget went
Yeah Ngl I was SO HYPED after that, then the week break news was such a mood killer
Lost belt 2 is prolly gonna get announced at fgo fest
This is a godtier cm tbh. Prolly my favorite so far
Martha is strong against moon cancer not alter ego
To be fair, I can see why. It was well animated from a technical perspective, but visually it looked wonky and weird at times. Like Siegs face, Karna going from what looks like pencil drawn straight back to newer age animation, etc. In the end the technical aspect isn't as important as the visual aspect for viewers.
"What qualified you to be a rider?" "I ride my girlfriend"
I thought it looked cool too, but I also thought there were quite a few parts that looked off
That would imply I ever went for Sieg in the first place
I got 3 jalters in one ticket F2P Btw
Tbh I actually want them to have a voiceline ripping on each other
He saved a dragon girl who then fell in love with him. He rejected her so she then basically became his stalker. Not to the level of Kiyohime going insane, but more of a heartbroken woman who just admired from the sidelines.
I'm tired of making Scathach puns
Belf racial only became super op this expansion. It was one of the mid tier ones up until now.
By belf silence do you mean a great pvp racial? Because I got news for you, the Alliance had that for multiple expansions because of Every Man for Himself. EMfH was more broken in its prime than the belf silence ever could've been.
You'd be surprised. There's even a bunch of people in this thread saying it still.
Her sprite looks amazing but I was hoping she was gonna turn into a dragon for her np. I still think it looks nice though And kiyo made it into fgo arcade so all is well in my book NOW ANIMATION UPDATE WHEN?
It fits way too well /u/SeijoVangelta and /u/SADtanic gave me the idea for this with [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/8p0z8p/guda_guda_3_pv_in_a_nutshell/?st=ji579bfu&amp;sh=f964854e) post
Not exactly genie, but tamamo wearing the servant Queen of Sheba's outfit from Fate grand order.
The Arturia daki instead of the rice thing was genius
Yeah I agree. It gave her more personality rather than just being another Arturia clone. She's gonna go from Morgan Lee fey to "Caster Arturia" now and it's pretty dissapointing
Medb: "I'm still waiting for the insult"
As a heads up, Wada Arco is actually a woman
That's not really a spook though. He's not 5* nor a Lancer
Tomoe begs to differ
Ittadakimasu ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
If Crunchyroll gets involved like they did for the danmachi mobile game, we might actually get it in us theaters similar to FSN Heavens Feel and No Game No Life Zero
Your third picture is a spoiler. You should tag it or change it
Shinsekai Yori is an amazing show and pretty good for that. There's basically 0 fanservice in the entire show, and the closest you'd get to weird looks is like one scene for 20 seconds or so each where two girls kiss (in a loving type of way) and then two guys kiss in the same way.
Just because something takes effort doesn't mean it's quality.
I still don't like these big meta gifs, but at least this one had a punchline
They're not really mad about the 3 star. They're mad he's limited and 3 star. However as an aside, to many people it does feel worse when characters you like get put at lower rarities with less stats etc.
Kiyohime is now woke
I actually gave this problem too with my s7 I barely can play on it since the lag annoys me so much. I jsut swapped to iPad but if anyone knows a fix I'd like to hear.
He's literally the solider in [this meme](http://i.imgur.com/zHejIG3.jpg)
I'd just skip the doujin and watch that instead
It can be argued with the VN (Although I still say watching Zero first is fine,) but when it comes to anime only, they're made in a way that would pretty much make Zero first the better option.
The part that makes me mad is delight works just does nothing about it too. They're basically just happy to let quick cards suck, and further make buster better than it (arts has it's own little thing though so it can rival buster in some cases.) I don't need quick to become broken, but throwing the card a bone would at least be *something* to justify using it.
Not really. Some people can like the concept more/like characters focused on their quicks, and just want there to be more balance between the cards. Not using busters just because they're buster is silly and hipster like, but wanting quick to be good/improved doesn't make you a hipster.
Do those games still have ps2 looking graphics, or were they updated?
We already saw the penis can beat that in Fate Stay Night
"THOT PATROL COMING IN"
2nd ascension is her more iconic look so that's probably why
Got okita alter and Achilles within 2 packs. Along with a lb 5 star ce and np5 izou Very happy with the result
I was gonna add "Imajin" into it somewhere but couldn't find a spot really. But funny that someone predicted it
Yeah on this one Saw the gold rider and was like "oh np5 Marie I guess" then Achilles popped up and surprised me. Was pretty happy too since Achilles is probably my favorite male servant so I'm happy to get him.
Would be cool as a new costume, but I doubt it unfortunately
I can't change the sort. Only moderators can do that, which I no longer am one of.
Ryouma really reminds me of something from the Gorillaz here
Oryuu and Kiyohime would probably have some interesting conversations
I usually just put kaleidos or np start ces on everyone, but if it were between 25% quick vs 25% buster, def go with buster. It helps her np and also quick cards are pretty crappy.
UAHAHAHA TANOSHII
Usually it's best to have it stickied just for the first day at least since that's when the vast majority of rolls get posted. After that it dies down
I don't have control over that anymore as I'm not a mod anymore. That's all up to the current mods. I just make the roll thread each event
This is from a Manga not hentai. The artist does do hentai tho
Gonna be honest, I find the crying face to look really dumb. That gaping open mouth that Takeuchi draws all the time looks really bad to me, and in this crying face it just looks worse. Feels really unnatural.
I barely clear any event shops and I'm doing fine. If you can't turbo grind, fgo is the type of game that's actuslly better for you. Just go for the materials that you'd need immediately, and leave the rest of the shop just to be done casually. If you dont get everything it's no big deal there's no real pressure to clear everything. The only things you should prioritize are the welfare servants and their ascension mats/copies. Everything else is mostly just a bonus. There are a few ces that are super good to have too though. So don't stress if you can't get all the stuff from the shop. As long as you get the welfare copies and their ascension mats you're set mostly. Then just focus on the other stuff casually and just set a few priorities and keep it at that
Jalter still has over 1000 more comments in her roll thread vs Raiko. Raiko is only at 700 while Jalter ended at 1800
I'll just call her Vegeta anyway
That Kiyohime one is really cute, I might pick one up. Kiyo and Marie are adorable
I mean yes and no. If you can just walk around and cancel everyone's power, then yes it would be OP. However in index, it's not as OP as it sounds on paper because of what it requires. He basically needs his right hand to touch/block the power, then physically beat the person to stop them. He's not *immune* to the powers/cancels them completely, just can nullify them if his right hand intercepts it. And this also only applies to powers like shooting fire from your hands. If you, say, threw a car at him he'd still get smashed.
In a sense, Kiritsugu doesn't really have a power that's OP. He just uses hits wits and what he has at his disposal to outplay people. That being said, I still don't think Fate Zero is what OP would want
Railgun definitely doesn't apply since hte MC of that is in universe pretty OP. But the main series Index would apply
Tbh, I actually think it would make for some wholesome moments between those two and Blackbeard after they find out he made the kids happy.
Came glomping into saber
Or she's a cute trap
[So does Medb](https://i.imgur.com/SMLfoeK.png)
Evod Ilm definitely looks female
What would you guys say is a good time left to get under 25%? Just a rough estimate
Well I'm not getting Riku then Lmao
Enra/Ilmina is fun
I was hoping they would use Saber and archer gems tbh
It's Illya tho
Tikis thighs lead my path
Ittadakimasu
Man if they just reduced her boob size some, that design would look beautiful. It's a shame.
&gt;Who would want to read that? I would Medb. I would
Yeah I use Ilmina for a lot of things. Pretty much every one of my teams either uses my own, or uses a friend Ilmina for the 7x6 board. Other options are Ilm, Tsubaki, and Minerva just to name a few when it comes to non meta leads. If you want to do more meta stuff, Yog, Ed, Kenshin, Ideal and some others all would work. Enra Ilmina though is strong and fun at the same time. I prefer F/L Ilmina for it but L/F Ilmina works too
I would read both of them because I love suzuka and Medb
Especially when it's an alternate version of a currently existing character, and having smaller boobs was a part of their character
It's something I've noticed with a lot of Alliance players. Characters like Thrall in Cata, and the entire Iron Horde in WoD are still horde aligned, but characters like Malfurion, Tryrande, Magni, Illidan, Khadgar, Jaina, Maiev, Arthas, Turalion, Alleria, Velen, etc are *all* neutral whenever they come up in the story to work alongside players.
In MoP the Alliance leader literally gets to tell the Horde "I can disband you but I'm going to let you stay together because I'm such a great guy"
And Varian died in one of the most heroic ways a WoW character can die while most of the other horde characters above just got shit on/turned evil/not even killed in the game.
Genn very well could've, had the motivations, and was right hand to Anduin so he could've influenced it as well.
With the way Blizzard has been going with the light and Xera etc, the Blood Knight method would actually feel even more fitting and interesting nowadays.
That's the point I was making. For some reason people act like Cata was horde focused because of thrall, but whenever an alliance npc becomes the focus in expansions its only considered neutral despite both characters having the same relation to their home faction.
Dragons got NO chill
I never really felt right shipping Astolfo with anyone, but this one just works
I think she does have an advantage over Jalter and Scath though in that she can kill both the gem things while also killing Raiko. Jalter/Scath would one shot raiko but then get less drops
&gt;I mean come on... they have to give you a reason to roll for Gacha right? :S And that reason is to try to get servants you really like the design/character of
For a real answer, Hotaru from [Dagashi Kashi](https://myanimelist.net/anime/31636/Dagashi_Kashi)
One example I can give is from [Fate Grand Order](https://i.redd.it/c3ii4u4nt6jy.png) This is pretty old, but it shows some of the sales of servants at the time. Waifus sell, on average, more than the Males. But outside of the few major hitters like Jalter and MHXA, the Males sold at least somewhat similar to many of hte females. More like 60-40 to 65-35 female to male split. Theres a few units that will PILE in the money, but the average has most close to each other. In mobage games that are a new IP/mobile game only story, it's probably easier to make money just catering strictly to a male audience. But in series with established characters like Fate, Fire Emblem, etc, the spread is most likely much more balanced.
I think the problem is male players who like male characters as well also are *okay* with female bias since it still kind of caters to them. So since they kind of just tolerate it, it annoys them but not enough to send tons of feedback like "Cmon bring more males." So they want more males, but the motivation is just not there despite preferring more of them.
&gt; Loveliwood This is an interesting name choice for him
&gt; But as if they'll ever have less than 2 waifus. Technically, if you think about it, they could be really evil and release a banner with 4 characters, 2 reds, 1 blue, 1 green. Make the waifu compete with a husbando on red to potentially sell even more from people getting pity broke by the male.
&gt; It is pretty boring for people who are just not getting their kicks from anime characters, To be fair, summer banners are basically specifically *designed* for people who are getting their kicks from anime characters. But the other points still stand with those more attracted to men/making more, non straight sexual, designs.
I guess you could say that makes Saber Alter *Altria*
Favorite super hero: Ironman
My moto is if you retire your favorites after bond 10, you don't really deserve them!
To be fair, there are a lot of Japanese servants but they do a decent job of including other places too. It is a Japanese based game/series so it's semi fair to have more Japanese figures in it. Some places though get the short end of the stick
They have done it with Suzuka, Tomoe, and Tamamo (kind of) already so it's possible. I just feel they'd so it for nefertari. Altho with Ozy's final art I think she'd remain into Ozy. Or just never summonable (which I'm okay with too)
The forehead
[But accurate at the same time](https://youtu.be/K3wCGprcenM)
When you eat someone's ult, BM voice line, then kill them right after
I like the 3D effect it has going on
That's a pretty big leap there. Most people wanting more male units just want it to be equal not better.
"Robin pleases old men for money"
&gt; or superhuman strength and resolve. It's more this. It's different than magic imo in context. Basically warriors are just REALLY physically strong.
Still disappointed how subtlety became all about this dark shadow stuff. I liked it more when it was striking from the shadows, but having it feel much more physical not magical based.
Gonna be honest here. I felt sad when it was Melt in this type of situaton during the CCC event, but I really felt nothing for Okita alter here. It just felt kind of... forced? Idk or cheesy/not how I feel her character would be. Maybe I just have a different idea of what she should be like in my head, but this just felt like it didn't really fit.
I mean possibly, but I forgot about Eresh's case and I still kind of liked hers despite not loving Eresh. Still kind of felt in character and fitting of the setting. This time around it just felt kind of lame. Might be due to how I view each of the character's personalities, but still.
Yeah that's part of it too yeah. Someone else pointed out how Eresh had a similar story, but hers still felt fairly sad too despite not being as impactful as Melt's. It's probably a multitude of things, for me a least. The reasons you mentioned, how I feel Okita Alter's personality would've been, it feeling forced, etc. Melt's actually felt like she truly cared about you. Eresh did mostly too in a way like you're one of the only ones to treat her how you did. Okita alter just feels like they wanted to make her love Gudao/dako, so they bended things to make her feel the way she did at the end. It flowed with Eresh and Melt, but with Okita alter it felt like it was shoved out of the faucet.
I'm torn between Nito and Arash and Serenity and Arash
Those posts are dumb anyway tbh
Perfect fit for the Fate series
I think an issue is that they're withholding *everything* (to our knowledge) for AX. I think people would be more receptive of it with at least a little something. Like some quartz rewards, qp, tickets, whatever, leading up to the event
Let us dragon lovers not fight over which dragon is the best, but instead all agree that Dragon waifus are superior to all other types
My expectation is we're gonna get the increased quartz packages like JP currently has
How did I miss this??? This is perfect for what I'd want! I still really hope we get a summer Suzuka servant this year. I'd be SO happy
The biggest reason of all: [She's super cute](https://i.imgur.com/TEpxAxM.jpg)
Fans don't do shit against 95 degree+ weather with 1000% humidity in Florida
There were a few others in 2016 though. Like sailor suit mordred, t-shirt/wet t-shirt tamamo, jacket arturia (like rider Ishtar just unzipped) etc.
Him having a bulge instead of cleavage
I really like Suzukas buster animation where she basically punches people and swords shoot along side the arm movements. Melts 2nd quick animation after a buster when she stomps on the enemies face with her spike heels Eresh's buster animation where she jingles the lantern Mordreds buster stomp Osakabe's quick poke and her buster Pretty much all of Rider Ishtars animations Circes piglets and ex attack with the wolves Tomoes one where she makes the crunch noise when breaking the enemies neck Semiramis' buster when she summons the basilisk to shoot fire/poison Medbs ex attack And probably my favorite of all: Kiyohime lancer's third buster attack where she spins her Lance around like a flame wheel with blue fire.
I just realized you were talking about her ex attack pre-animation update. The one where she steps on people and slaps them is great. After her ani update they move that to her quick attack (one of them) and replaced her ex attack with one where she jumps on one of her bulls and uses it to trample her target
"Choi choisa!"
"It's like wearing nothing at all!"
Plz draw more, this is beautiful
As all things should be
OH MY FUCK IT ACTUALLY SAYS SUZUKA. PLEASE LET IT BE TRUE
You can't cancel it because there's like 2 warnings prior. They assume after 2 warnings youre feeding what you want to feed
They both do
A few come to mind: I'd want to see how they'd animate Ishtar shooting a planet at someone Ereshkigals would be extremely cool too with the spikes shooting up Suzuka just to see her sword explode into a thousand swords. The rain would look similar to Gil already tho Ozy, Nito And Cu Alter Also Melts spin cycle
Before anyone says it: I made a Wizard of Ozy pun last ozy gacha
Our of curiosity what phone do you use?
Cross Ange
If you want a cute Yuri or friendship pairing, Linde and Eirika is a weird pairing that I find cute. I keep them at S support because they work well together gameplay wise, but I kind of see them as a cute girl pairing now so they'd work if you want to do two girls. https://i.imgur.com/n0tJbXT.jpg bonus picture of the two
DAJAKU DAJAKU!
You responded to the wrong comment I believe
It's like the difference between a comic relief character and someone going full Penguin of D00m
The sex in it or the show itself? I didn't think anyone had issue with the sex. The show itself on the other hand was so ridiculous it was kind of fun. The tone of it was a nice change of pace too which made it at least somewhat interesting
I don't remember that ever happening?
Oh yeah that part. I never really went along with that so it didn't have a negative reaction towards me, and I liked the way it ended so I was fine with it (I'm being vague since I'm too lazy to do spoilers.) Wouldnt use that term from the first spoiler tho tbh. But yeah cross Ange was weirdly good
Saberfaces don't get the buff, servants with the dragon trait do.
That picture isn't a mental image, it's a documentary
Raikos basically raitas fetish design put into the game and called a servant.
Is making a figure of a 2D waifu the same as taking a picture of a 3D waifu?
Another route they could've done is make Hammond and wrecking ball kind of a bastion type situation. Where Hammond is kind of a straight man while Wrecking Ball is a sentient robot similar to bastion but having a very logic and emotionless view on things. Where Hammond was nice and could talk (blah blah too ridiculous) and wrecking ball would say things like "Oh they are taking the point. We must exterminate them." in a very deep robotic voice and them have hammond respond "No NO no!" in a higher pitched hamster style voice. They'd kind of act as foils to each other in a goofy funny way but they would need each other to function/be great friends sort of like Bastion and Ganymede just a more deep relationship. It would still be pretty dumb to me overall but at least it would have a bit more depth than "LOL look how random. A hamster driving a robot hamster ball!!!"
Granblue and FGO are more the exceptions tbh. The vast majority of other mobile games have pretty meh stories overall
I really don't want Guan Yu genderbent, but your design looks really cool. I really like the armor (although still would prefer it on a male)
Takagi-san is kind of like that and the follow up Manga is full on with it
Cuz we'd eat that ass like it's a fine dessert
The issue with this mentality and catering to it is that most of the "stupid" players wouldn't care either way if their spec is super complex or not. They don't need to squeeze out the last bit of dps, and instead just do their own thing. It's basically a case of "ignorance is bliss" They wouldn't know their spec is complex because they'd play it their own way anyway, and the content they focus on is easy enough to the point it doesn't matter if they do or do not optimally play their spec. The skilled or more hardcore (or people striving to be skilled) are the types that notice these things. They're the types to stop playing because a spec is too dumbed down. However I'd definitely say that it's much less likely for a stupid lfr only player to quit because their spec is too hard. The stupid lfr player wouldn't even notice.
You're better off not reading too much into what it's become.
What's even better is that the beam he gets hit with was a giant super crown
Tbh, if there was a lot of self referential reddit stuff in it, I think it would've been ruined. It's perfect like this. Feels much more like a universal joke meme as opposed to just something for reddit pandering
Yeah, Clarent Blood Arthur
"Move over plebs, the emperors coming through"
Abb eyes
Yeah this is something I really want too. It's more important to me than the voice line change too
Maybe they'll pull one out of left field and it be Bradamante instead of Gareth (I really hope it's not Gareth)
I don't hate Gareth, I just think she'd be pretty boring as a Christmas servant. For one, she doesn't feel Christmasy like Eresh did, she was just teased this past summer unlike a bunch of others that have been waiting a year for release, and honestly I don't think her design is 5 star tier despite being cute (this is personal opinion tho.) I like her, I just don't think she should be the Christmas servant. Especially when we have a Camelot Lost Belt coming up, and the knights have had a TON of focus in a bunch of different events now.
What happened with this? I haven't heard of it
I'm actually the opposite. I've accepted it since theres no way to change it, but every time I see it I still get mad about that art.
Yes
Name brand vs generic
O shit I called it! https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/a486fv/title_holy_samba_night_snowing_ruins_and_the_girl/ebcapyn
Gareth would've come out far too soon tbh. But I expect muramasa to be NY now
When I saw the event was called "The girl knight" I actually predicted it here too: https://www.reddit.com/r/grandorder/comments/a486fv/title_holy_samba_night_snowing_ruins_and_the_girl/ebcapyn Her design is pretty generic but I'm glad we finally got Bradamante!
The stripper is Roland not Bradamante
That... Actually sounds like an amazingly cool event
I know but Roland also legitimately strips in the story. I forget which chapter/interlude he says it, but Astolfo says how Roland just takes his clothes off all the time
Oh I didn't realize you were the one who said it initially
The common prediction was Gareth not Bradamante But others did predict her alongside me, yes
Yeah I gotta say this one was a great one
Tbh heavens feel actually gets enhanced by them
&gt; Also fuck twintails FGO has sincerely made me hate it with every fiber of my being. So many great hairstyles they can use and they keep going for that crap. Holy fuck YES. God DAMN am I tired of that God damn hairstyle. It's so ugly and ruins designs. I don't get why people like it nor why they keep doing it over things like a ponytail, straight hair etc. It just looks so bad
At least straight long hair is a realistic hairstyle possible in real life though. But I'm fine with them doing some other hairstyles compared to that, just not twintails. Short hair is fine, Chinese buns, curly hair, ponytail, side ponytail, etc. Just not the god damn twintails. Someone at dw, or Takeuchi himself is influencing it judging by designs like summer jeannes fa and Sion. But it's getting too much.
One also deserves a shirt and the other one doesn't
How u doin mon
WE ARE HERE AND PROUD
I'm not sure honestly. I remember people asking Muffinz for a hint/if it was in game and he gave a tractor emoji That could've been to say "farm"
Ragnaros and QuelThalas are Latin American realms so there's probably language barrier stuff going on there. There's at least that reasoning. Tich is just the "hub" for most high rated pvpers so all the wannabes followed as well
That one's more of an "in tsukihime" rather than tsuki related though.
Maybe it's the next Golden Week event? They usually do collabs for those, and the only ones I can think of off hand are Extella for Archimedes, that new Fate work. The other options like Strange Fake have the author not wanting it to be in FGO, or Case Files which already ended.
I think last year was the first year it really exploded tbh
What song is this? Edit" Nvm found it: Bap u remix by Ivan Ooze for anyone wondering
362
While true, I didn't mean just this expansion. There's def valid complaints this one, but even back during Siege of Org, it felt like alliance players would say Horde should be thankful that we and alliance get to raid our faction hub because "at least the horde were the story focus"
Im saying there are SOME valid complaints such as the alliance getting only horse mounts on the release of BFA. Things aren't black and white. I can agree with some parts of an argument but not others. Alliance tend to complain about things wayyyy more on this sub, and many of them are silly *especially* how they kept going on and on in older expansions. Just because there are some valid complaints in the bunch doesn't mean I don't feel the majority are whining or have a victim complex.
Illya fans turn UP Been waiting YEARS
Being as they just added voices, this excites me
I'm so hyped for it now. I was gonna trade for ilmina Christmas but I think I'm gonna save my fodder now for this!
It depends because both have a different game style. Pad is pay for power alongside looks while fgo is pay for your favorites.
They were down voted because "I like islands they're fun with guildies" adds nothing to the conversation nor is the focus of this post even on islands as a whole. The op is talking about a specific thing in islands. Saying "I like them" is fine, but being downvoted there is actually what down votes are *meant* for. It's basically a glorified "this".
Would've loved for it to be strange fake instead, but this is great too! Although I wonder if this means the NY servant might be Grey then?
I wonder if the person that took one of Solomons rings in the Lost Room ova was galahad then? Or galahad alter
This one's my favorite casual kiyo outfit by far
This ani update was fantastic! Every attack looks so great even outside of my bias. Especially the fire fan, EX and fire breath!
["Square up Crypters"](https://s2.narvii.com/image/5h2ljrqzbkgi6274fmrpsme4x2tg6ilj_hq.jpg)
We normally get a new race or class with the expansions. So the allied races are just a version of that.
My point was they're not taking away from other things because there's either a new class or a new race added each expansion. We just got DHs in legion so they went race this time.
Gallahad is the guy from the "While you were having premarital sex, I studied the blade" copy pasta
I quit already. But you're implying that you either get good gameplay or new races, which the two aren't mutually exclusive. Especially with how half assed the majority of allied races are.
I'm glad you finished this all the way through! I always liked seeing the daily mermaid, as it was such a cute daily challenge thing. Thanks for putting them all into an album too!
Tbh, its probably more likely because the only people still playing at this point are the ones that enjoyed legion, whether they enjoy bfa now or not.
Summer 3 rerun in one week would be far far too much to do unless it's heavily nerfed.
If the Jinako Ganesha thing winds up being true, she's looking like the worst and most ridiculous of the bunch.
Merlin and Skadi will always be better because the two of them are brokenly overpowered
Not to even mention that Okita has been out even longer than Raiko, yet she still has a crit gather skill with nothing else on it.
The true power of the uchiha
Melt has blue eyes while BB has purple
Melt has blue eyes while BB has purple
This pizza slice may satisfy my hunger, but it made me way more thirsty in the process
I've loved this whole series so far. Keep going!
Jeannes: "HARDER"
They actually made Jinako a pseudo. Are you kidding me?
I expected them to stop after Shirou and Illya. Not take the chance to just add literally anyone as a pseudo in story content, further breaking the immersion/looking off putting. Just becuase they made the main stay night characters doesn't mean they have to add random characters like Jinako. It wasn't obvious at all, or even had any indication of such until that one ganesha statue hint a few weeks back. It's getting to the point where there's too many pseudo servants shoved everywhere and I strongly dislike it
Reines was release alongside a collab with the fate work she is from. It's still stupid, don't get me wrong. But there's a reason. She wasn't just shoehorned into an actual story chapter.
First off, Jinako is not a "popular non-servant." She's a random ccc character (who was important to the plot) but doesn't even make the top 100+ in popularity polls. Second, I'm fine with not having popular non-servants as characters. We don't need to just rehash every old character so people can have them on their team. To me its immersion breaking for the story, lazy, and overall boring. If they want people to whale for servants, design new, interesting servants to make people interested.
Because bad is subjective. We don't know what Daybit is trying to accomplish and we don't know if we would be equally bad to stop him.
It's obvious people are referring to the Horde post Thrall's lead. Not before it.
What's up Nathanos
Osakabehime
310480311
I'm waiting for the Super Reincarnated God Super Reincarnation evos coming soon after
Not sure if this is a subtle flex, but the tallest average for female height is 5'7 (171cm) with the global average being 5'4 (161cm) so you'd be taller than the majority of women anyway. Being taller than the fgo female cast really isn't that much of a surprise.
Anime chars in casual clothing is my favorite thing to see
Just wanted to say this is one of my favorite fgo art pieces, and yiu did a great job! BB looks perfect along with everyone else. If you ever do another one, I think suzuka would be a great addition for this type of style
She went from "Hey how do you do" to "Your son calls me senpai too"
Smash characters are generally ones that are hugely known in the gaming world, or at least come from "iconic" games. I'm not sure how iconic chrono trigger is, but from what I've seen it's widely known and a fan favorite. Not saying that deserves a spot over other games of its type, but Euden from dragalia does NOT belong in smash at all. Sure it'd be cool to have him there, but dragalia is a little over a year old, only has this one mobile game, and isn't even a widely known thing. Euden being put in would be purely to market things for dragalia, which in my opinion goes against the entire spirit of smash. It would be like Tracer from overwatch getting in for Blizzard over their og characters like Thrall, Kerrigan, and Arthas that made them who they are.
Ice Climbers is an original NES game, Bayonetta is actually popular for Nintendo games, and Ike is one of the biggest and most popular fire emblem characters. So yes, those three ARE iconic in their own way. Euden is much more dime a dozen compared to those. Smash shouldnt just be about advertising new characters. The entire point of the game is to take known characters and have them have a big brawl against each other. Not just shove chars in to give a boost in sales to their og IPS. And sure you're right that tracer has. Bht this is only as of this past year, AND only because overwatch fits a console way better than a massive MMO. If you want someone other than those 2, then they could add Diablo as their ip which is the their OG game for blizzard.
But hes the other teams yasuo, so that mastery is from an every season challenger yasuo main
Those are similar reasons to why I think king hassans is so great too. It makes him feel like this foreboding, inescapable force that you're not entire sure is there but can just feel and fear. It makes him truly feel like a concept of death as opposed to an actual person.
Instead of an animation update, they just update his sound to make it even louder
It's like wearing sunglasses while looking up toward the sun
I'm confused who that was meant to be? Is it Robin?
I mean, you could still be right. It's just fgo had even more than all of the above
Well their's was more due to war ties to Japan, Japan's treatment of WW2 war crimes, and an overall much more tense situation in that period of time. Paul Bunyan is just a joke tale. It's not tied to real life/deaths/crimes etc.
He's do it just to flex on Ishtar though, then morph back
80 Euros is just shy of $90 lol
Diablo 3 isn't really the same. It wasn't an unfinished game in the same way, it was just a badly made game in release. The expansion reworked and changed a lot of stuff, not just added more like this would do. But what you're saying definitely is a trend in gaming now
It's paying an extra $30 to complete the original game. They can very well surprise me with huge expansive dlcs, but I'm not holding my breath after sword and shield
More like Pancham vs weeb Pancham
If Klara gets any, it'd be galaran Dustox or another butterfly/bug type like her hair pin
It's more just for fun. There's not a real practical use for it, other than to just goof around and see what everyone else has
They're just putting dead weeks into the anime to stay true to the mobage
Nasu: "Please laugh"
Ebisu is a cat so not sure about him, but Daiko is male just portrayed as a young boy physically
I'm shitty so I go for as high as I can. Rocking 16.5 on my Lightning team Usual is like 12+
My record is like 27 seconds with a "usable" team. I called it my Dio team
She's really fun, probably my favorite lead even. My team for her is Lightning, Ideal, Bride Raijin, Bride Rushana (vdp), and Cruz for heal (Sakura Matou inherit for awoken clear + time extend if needed) It has a lot of board changes, lightning for unlocks, full resists, and an emergency heal/vdp from brushana. It does lack vdp damage a bit but bride Rushana is generally enough for the level of content that I do. Really enjoyable team!
He was just asleep because they didn't call the buffs a festival
She's the champion of the Boba Tea Challenge
What if the way you pronounce Sha-77 is Shatt And it's literally the Shatt Dragon
Boba Tea Challenge girls: Kami: Move aside titlets
Female snake is the cutest girl
You're forgetting about Iguro's snake though
Tbh I'm surprised it took this long for someone to make this joke. I always think it when I pass the gala apples at the supermarket
I find it funny the two of you have Althemia flairs while having this conversation to be funny. Feels like a type of convo she'd have
I've made it a goal of mine for a long while to beat all the HDTs and I finally managed to do it! I really pushed for it too so I could say I did it before the revive update went in. I've been able to do HMS expert so far as well with Xania, my favorite. Now I have to learn HMS master
If you want help doing at least one, I don't mind helping. But having a unit with above like 5.7-6k might (depending ofc) should mean you're able to do one. Might isn't the end all be all metric, but if you aren't using a mechanic to inflate your score, it's generally alright as a judge. All preludes are super easy though. Hardest part about that one is just finding people actually doing it
When you say only one is an agni weapon, are you trying to single player fight it? When people do HDTs they're generally referring to Co-op. But tbh I'd recommend trying HMS or HMC first actually. HBH tends to be one of the harder ones, and is much tighter on its DPS req. HMS and HMC are generally pretty easy
Gonna go against the grain here: I like Pia but really hope the other character on the second banner isn't her. Of all characters, one like Pia basically fits the least with a monster hunter collab when there's a ton of already very fitting units.
Well it's better than just straight not being able to do it as the alternative
I can kind of see the reasoning for it. Bakura is mainly good for a yugi team. He's actually op on one of them, but overall that's mainly his only team outside of gaslow or something like that. He can truly shine with Yugi because yugi voids poison damage. Bakura is in a weird situation where he's amazing for the best lead currently, but not nearly as good outside of that. So the argument could go both ways on whether he should get the S for being so good in the best team, or get ranked lower because he's not thst great outside of that one team.
Hey I made this mashup a while back and posted it to youtube. However, someone recently let me know it was copyright striked by Bamco (most likely because of the new SJ game coming out) so thought I'd reupload here especially with the new Guda 3 announcement! I might put it back on Youtube eventually, but I might just be lazy
"FOOLISH SAMURAI, WHAT MIGHT BE YOUR NOBLE PHANTASM" "I jump good'
The funny part? No I didn't really. Basically I just moved it slightly past the very intro of the song and it jsut synced up perfectly like this
While true, that's because quick still generally *is* shit. Skadi makes quick usable (from a meta perspective) but without her, quick is pretty much trash. Most buster servants function well without Merlin. But most quick servants are significantly worse without Skadi. So there is reason why people say a quick servant is bad if they can't Skadi loop. It' also brings an unfortunate effect of quick probably never getting buffed to work without Skadi since then it'd just be absurdly op with her. This is just from a gameplay/meta perspective though. All servants are usable if you just want to use your favorites (like I do) regardless of how good they are
This is wrong. I've been banned for something before and have gotten into the Legion beta. There's nothing indicating what you're saying is true.
Spartacus: "You have a big bust? Sit down womanlets. The true chest gods are here."
Do people even actually care about the Micky collab other than some cards being op? Of all collabs, this one feels like the most "whatever" one to miss. Just felt super half assed for the most part
"AWAKEN MY CASTERS!" &gt; Two wavers appear to 100% charge his second NP
Demon Slayer definitely. Although it's not really that unlikely tbh. The first was Fate but we already have Fate.
AshwatTHOTma
This This is art
Nah I'd describe it as a drop rate up event just without a drop rate up
She's gotten a few other roles as well. Like that idol obsessed woman in the Bodukan anime.
It'd be perfect if picking up each orb made a different sound when you picked it up/moved it
Avatar the Last Airbender is probably one SpongeBob would be mega meme tier
What is this referring to?
Ohhh I see now
Altho [She seems more like the mom from Aho Girl type. Immortal](https://i.imgur.com/O9BEoP4.png) And [immoral](https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-dkfCp8wox3s/Wa8sU_zMMcI/AAAAAAAA7MU/rJo1qlOrgh4w1AeWwtNWXhwXax8bJCDmwCKgBGAs/s1600/Omake%2BGif%2BAnime%2B-%2BAho%2BGirl%2B-%2BEpisode%2B10%2B-%2BYoshiko%2527s%2BMom%2BUnderwear%2BThief.gif)
I love this, nice job! It fits so perfectly well and matches the style. Going to use this as my pfp on discord
Im pretty sure this is a humblebrag But in the small chance it's not, no its not worth the trade
I can see why she's fun to draw ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Louise isn't op or anything but she's a solid spiraled unit. I just used her as an example as she just got her spiral too, is the same rarity, and shows a massive difference in mods
There's a bunch of different reasonings that can be given as to why it would be done. Just like there's a bunch as to why older MS units could be given bad ones. The point I was making was that cygames being afraid to make a unit op isn't the reason for it since they're made other units broken too. Nefaria was also a meme on hawk's level yet her spiral wasn't game breaking. Just good. They're not afraid to make units op. They just seem to randomly decide when a unit is broken or garbage.
While I'm sure that explains more of the actual bug related things like Tiki's buggy release and Nadine, Helly's issue is more of a design choice. Covid related problems would lead to things being rushed. But Helly's case is the dev team just taking a conscious effort to increase her sp costs drastically without providing enough compensation to her kit. This is assuming it isn't revealed that Helly is somehow bugged right now. But judging by their initial post for her I don't have any reason to assume that.
It's not even just that it wasn't enough. They changed her playstyle, the mods on her abilities are still low like before, and most importantly they basically nerfed her fun. It used to be cool to at least spam her skills a ton. With this new change, they basically made it so her skills take ages to charge yet are like wet noodles when you finally get them off.
I never thought of a Medjed hoodie but oh my god i need one
Nah I meant a hoodie that is just a medjed with the hood being their eyes but those shirts are cool too
My guess is 24.8k
Yeah fuck that. 350 bucks for a fig is wayyyy too much. The figure is beautiful don't get me wrong. But that price is asking too much
The 100 rolls is more likely, but if it is a reskinned collab, it could be Avatar the Last Airbender. It just got released in Netflix and has been collabing with some other games like Smite
You linking that video was you implying that as an example of off element being better than water because of cheese. You don't have to explicitly spell something out for it to mean something. Altho in this case you actually did by saying "it already happened." People were disagreeing with you because the example you linked wasn't a good example of what they were saying. That clear wasn't shadow and flame being put in over water. It's Marth and Gelo specifically who had their kits being abused to make the water dps one shot it. It would be relevant if instead of mitsuba it was 2x Zena or something instead.
Well with this new announcement, Andromeda might not be there
Don't worry. If you're going to be that rude, I won't be responding anyway. Maybe you should take your own advice about spewing off nonsense.
&gt; There’s people trying to look for 4 pipple groups in fire agito even though that’s not even optimal. This is more of an exception because Pipple gets better the more pipples are on the team
Technically she's in Catherine's art
Don't forget Yaten and Natalie being featured in the next event to one up this summer festival, along with revealing spirals for them as well
Marie doesn't shower confirmed
