Fuck you
Hell no it is a korean grindfest which is not good for first time mmoplayers. It is extremely complex and does not hold a players hand in the slightest. While this is the major selling point for most veteran players being brand new to the genre it would ruin the experience. GW2 or WoW is a safer bet.
Why the fuck are you starting tri attempts at 45....
Valk is extremely mobile if you know how to do her cancels. Honestly I think valk is a much better class overall.
Just join a guild it is more beneficial to solo grind for 90% of content in this game.
At this point in the game it is a waste of time to make a guild. You will be missing out on major buffs that an already well established guild can provide.
Mystic and Striker have skills that transition themselves from awakened and non awakened stance for smooth transitions into using combos in the other stance.
Stay there till 58
DK out of those 3 but all are met.
As someone who is Artisan 10 training don't do horse training. Just wait and buy a T8 courser. The amount of time you spend on breeding vs afk fishing you will make 2 somtimes 3 times more doing afk fishing. On top of that if you are not spending real money for breed resets, brands, etc you are not gonna get good results at all. I have bred 50+ T8s and 100s of T7s and wish I had spent my time afk fishing instead. Seriously just don't do it.
RNG
Tip don't do breeding costs real money to be effective and the money from it is shit. Source- Artisan 10 training
Softcap is 61 now mate tis a joke to get. Don't know why you people are downvoting me but it is only about 30 hours 60-61 where 61-62 is 250+ the softcap is 61 right now.
This is what people don't get. I would love another boss piece right now to fail endless stacks on, but cant snipe one atm. I have used all previous stacks and getting 30-40 stacks without boss gear is just cancer.
Been back 2 months dced twice the first week when their servers were actually the problem and they admitted it. They then fixed it and have not dced since. Complain to your ISP or use a vpn. It is not their fault your ISP is shit.
Kutum is only really needed at high end grind spots. It is far too easy to reach most AP softcaps to warrant spending 30 seals on a kutum.
I wonder if they realize their dad is a douchewaffle.
To be fair 36k is way more then what my friend makes in NC. She was planning on working 5 years and having a kid after her and her husband saved up, but they said fuck it after a year the pay is too shit and are just gonna have a kid now. Fuck the treatment of teachers. I hope she gets her master's then tells them to suck a fatty and find a nicer job.
If I gave my dad my switch and BOTW he wouldn't make it 10 feet out of tutorial.
Kutum is endgame pve boss item don't enhance it,before your armor.
Some drops in Runescape are .0001% drop chances.
Duo everything, ultimate everything, drop neck and ring for asula's 5 set bonus
Late to this but here it goes. Worked at a large retail store stocking in the back room. I had been there about a 3 weeks and was getting quite annoyed because they kept asking me to stay 2-3 hours over my scheduled shift time. This was a 4:00 AM to 12:00 PM shift, I had class at 2:00-6:00 then went to bed. So I always refused to stay extra since I noted the class when getting hired. Mind you they don't do overtime so come Saturday and Sunday with how understaffed we were there was usually one person on staff in the back room. This was usually me, alone doing a job where 10 people should be doing it. I complained numerous times to my supervisor. His way of dealing with it was to put me on freezer duty every morning for 3 hours, only supposed to do 30 minutes in it. About a week of this went on when I suddenly just snapped, with glasses fogging every time I walked in and out and nearly frostburned I had had enough. I went to the only other guy on shift and apologized for the shit storm that was about to happen. What he did next was actually surprising for me, he was just as fed up as I was and willing to quit too. So we both walked up to the supervisor and told him we were done working in such horrible conditions and walked out. On our way out he ran to us telling us we needed to sign some paper work detailing why we quit. Told him to fill it out himself and good luck finding the next chump to work for him. Found out 2 weeks later 3 more people quit and within 2 months they had no back room workers and had to pull people from other jobs to do it. Sucks to suck.
Fat bitch wasn't named Donna was she?
Sulfur got buffed
Lol
Looking for a game like idle heroe, dragons soul, kings raid that isn't super p2w. I don't mind paying some but kings raid prices are crazy!
You are completely wrong with your definition of p2w. When people paying can get the newest heroes immediately, character specific weapons, and level much faster it is p2w. Just because I can do it slower doesn't not make it so.
This is awesome! Anyway for an offline downloadable version?
Idc what the fuck your doing right now. Stop it and watch Tucker and Dale now....
Sweet have held off on Hunter on Iron for these birdhouse improvements can't wait to see how the xp is!
New level defender.
Will do I'm only 9 Hunter but hate lower levels. I've had 4 birdhouses made for a bit but was a bit lazy and heard about the improvements. I'll post an edit with my results from one rotation of bird nests either later tonight or tomorrow.
From a technical standpoint yea. But lets be honest poison is rarely used outside of PvP, as well as its quite underpowered in terms of anything PvE related. Poison, Venom, Bloodletting would not stack so you would have to decide in a PvP scenario which one you want to bring, etc. Could bring in some cool combinations for both PvP and PvE mechanics.
Worked at a trampoline park place and every worker there was stoned constantly.
He is a filthy lying reposter. I saw this pick eons ago.
I don't think they understand how much easier it is too add content to a game like OSRS.
But it's not
It is a rational concern. I went to college in the area where his dad was killed and the natives there are fucking crazy. I have never been a racist man but this group of people are the most corrupt, vile, despicable group. I had guns and knives pulled on me a dozen times at parties. Cops would plant drugs on college students, and not just weed but heroin and cocaine. People would get robbed or raped just off campus. Constant shootings at night. He was in the wrong place at the wrong time. There is a reason the tuition for that school is now 50 dollars a semester.
Pembroke/Lumberton
Not worth it. I went for two years and noped the fuck out.
To this day I will stand by my statement and say that if they had done the holy trinity tab targeting and kept the class building of the first guild wars it would have killed WoW.
Where is everyone getting the information from the creators of pubg. From what I have read and heard from Korean friends it's made by the team who did Tera who happen to fall under the same company as pubg now. Pubg was made by 1 dude and a bit of help now a days. He has been constantly working on that game. How the fuck have they had time to do a mmo.
I mean most of these games are single player unless you have friends the exception being Lost Ark which not close to coming to the west.
But they aren't making it that is the point I'm making the creators of Tera are. For some reason every reviewer and person I have seen talk about it is stating this which is completely wrong. Bluehole purchased pubg. No-one on the pubg team is making this mmo. It is the people that were on the Tera team. Edit: Honestly I do not know if I am too old to understand that this is a meme or people are really that fucking stupid to think a FPS arena style game made by one person is who is making this game, just because he falls under the same corporate umbrella that the game is being developed.
Don't lose expectations I have played it on my Korean friends account and it is a lot of fun. It needs some polish in optimization but it is a fun an ambitious game. TBH you should have been more worried about it being "devloped" by the sole pubg guy then the Tera creators. Tera gets a lot of shit for what it is. It was a solid first attempt at a game from the developers. They fixed a lot of their initial mistakes with updates down the road and it turned into a pretty solid game, if you could get over the lolis. Have faith. They are a company that has managed to keep a MMO running for nearly 6 years in a world where MMO's die left and right. Sure they went to a F2p system but in honesty it was a huge improvement. Blue hole (tera) division has been solely working on this game for years. They bought PUBG as an investment and has left the creator and his team to solely work on it themselves. Neither group interacts with one another. Blueholes purchase of pubg wont affect either pubg or A:IR.
This is a huge problem. When Legion came out my friends wanted to play and raid together and I said ok sure, since I had never actually raided with my irl friends, we all previously did our own things on different servers. I got thrown into Raid Leader because of prior experience and tasked with recruiting. I got a few people in but the majority of people I recruited were groups of 3-5 people that had played together for years and had no real interest with interacting with the rest of the guild except at raid time. Which is fine and dandy sometimes but with how legion worked with gearing, this group would only do high level mythic dungeons with themsevles gearing themselves and not helping the rest. Needless to say I dissolved the guild shortly after beating the second raid tier.
A bit unneeded.
As someone with 4000 hours in vanilla, 500 in first expac, none in current I can say you are right and wrong. The game is not a holy trinity game, asides from raids you can get through all content without healers or tanks by face rolling most mechanics. I could go into more detail but everytime I think about what the game could have been with its Guild Wars 1 combat mechanics and class switching I get pissed off.
T9 horse has a gliding ability, that being said it will take a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG time to get it. I mean a year+. Airships are coming soon TM New Class LAHN flys through the air with her attacks.
Meh im not much of a fan of gliding/flying nothing beats running around exploring new areas on foot imo. To each their own.
PvP only endgames can be viable, but hardcore PvP only endgame where you lose all that you have worked for it not. People just don't have the time to no life like they used to.
You honestly rarely lose everything in EVE with how political the game is. You might lose a small ship, but those big large scale battles where 100's of thousands of dollars in ships were lost is rare. Not to mention most of the time those efforts are a huge guild based thing where people can get helped back. Albion wasn't so much like that.
Damn that is insane. How do they do this kind of transformation?
I was quit said it wasn't a sequel to the first which is a super underrated game.
All my characters are suicide fodder because im so shit at that game.
2 years is plenty of time with a job to hit gear softcap. You played the game wrong nothing else. I have friends that reached softcap in 6 months with casual play. I came back 2 months ago had one boss armor piece at duo. Rerolled I now have 5 boss armor at tri or tet working on accessories. I play maybe 3 hours a day with 5 or 6 on weekends.
Full softcap are not building on tier 1s lol
Only goes to 100mil
If only that actually worked like the worker exploit.
Not to be a dick but this is awful. Asula are good enough now that you should go for full tri boss gear. Then skip to yellow accesories, unless your class otherwise needs a specific blue. I would never tell someone to start accesory enhancing before tri gear.
Except he has asula in his guide. I know who he is and I know how much he plays this game so I am stating the obvious on where he went wrong, because he should honestly know better. And from the time he has spent in this game and making videos he honestly made a wrong guide.
I mean by the time your really pushing out yellow accesories you should be closing in on 61 which is a free tri cresent. A lot of classes go blue earrings for their gear choice. So all you really need to do is enhance 3 yellow accesories up. Belt, neck, and another ring. The only thing I would say is don't skip straight to ogre/laytenns and go seraps, bassi, crescent. Edit: MoS and Witches imho are just straight shit and shouldn't ever be enhanced. If you must go blue go corrals or molars. I personally like molars myself.
Peon is a wizard, which benefits more from the DR of urgons and gryfin. You can literally just interchange muskans and giath though imo tet heve is better then giaths.
You should get full asula as soon as possible. Start duoing weapons and armor. By the time you are there you should have a general understanding of what needs to be done for the class you are playing.
DR is great for blocking classes. If you are good you should be blocking most ccs, so urgons and Griffin is better for that. If ure bad like me or non blocking class go Eva.
Heve for armor until you get boss as for weapons that depends on the class tbh.
Its BDO planner not pictures of his gear. He went out of his way to make a guide not show his progress are you special?
Yea but every other piece of boss gear is more beneficial in the long run besides maybe giath, kutums only real power is when you hit ap caps and the extra monster damage combats that. To get it as one of your first boss pieces is a horrible decision when items like kzarka and bhegs are much needed for the accuracy.
O wow those do look really similar. Im gonna order some for the inevitable day that he destroys his current one, but im gonna keep looking. He absolutely loves chewing on the ears of it and none of those look exactly right. Thank you though!
I never said get Tet gear before accessories I said get tri boss gear before moving away from asula. Do you even read?
Unavailable :(
Kinda sucks but tbh not worth nearly 300mil.
No they are not. And I'm not talking about its price. I'm talking about how dande at any price is not worth it at any price above base because of the new info on how shit it actually is.
Complaining about failing pri on a green item lol.
WAAAAAAAAAAAY more
Went to the 40th anniversary tour in CLT. Was absolutely amazing.
10 mil extra
Yes it does
Saw the Steins Gate and absolutely hated Mirai Nikki need to put on drop list. MC was a extremely annoying.
Durarara is extremely hard to get invested into though. I have seen up to the last season and was pretty exhausted by the end of it. Season one is pretty awful because of the lack of really any coherent story until the final few episodes. While I think it is a good series myself. I can't ever recommend it with how much time you have to invest in it before you even get a return.
Rating Danmachi 4th.... Do you even LN by far the best RPG styled show/ln
First one sounds like https://myanimelist.net/anime/14467/K
Light Novel. The series grows exponentially in the books after the anime. The show is the first 5. The world building gets amazing in the rest of the books. Unfortunately a lot of the content is a bit too mature for an adaption imo.
Well you picked two useless degrees what the fuck did you expect. I'm not trying to be a dick or anything but seriously you gotta know your prospects when getting your education.
Own servers that wont work because console...
Quality shit post as stroker I approve.
preach
Close to softcap. Tet weapons/armor tri accessories.
Yea boi
Nice armor
It is only worth it for pen kzarka/dande. The 150 seals are better off used on almost anything else if you do not have a pen. It keeps the ehancement, but considering noone has done it yet in NA/EU I could totally see it fucking up.
Focus on your black spirit quests. They will not get you levels, but they will get you things that will benefit you in the long run. The way you level is by grinding mobs. Opening the map will show you spots that are around your level that you should grind at.
Played closed beta. Never played when game came out till last week. Loving it. I think the timing for it sucked since a lot of us were sick of the loot grinders because of Destiny.
Going to be hitting 30 soon. As a new player what is the most beneficial build I can go? What is played the least that will allow me to get into groups easiest?
Did that at a few ones.
Got wrecked numerous times wasn't fun :(
Honestly this is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. It had potential with the characters and world, but goddamn is the story just fast paced shit. A-1 never should have picked this shit up.
It's fine. You only need to have it on when logging in. Once in you can turn the vpn off.
That's enough reddit for awhile.
What the fuck are you people on about on apps force closing. I've had android phones for years and never had this happen.
Bring pots it's not bad. Gyfin is the worst part about kama quest.
First off no amount of rage and insulting means it is ok to name and shame on this sub. The rules are there for a reason. Second off this is some of the most tame shit I have seen. Its a PvP game things like this happen all the time.
Do you even read this subs rules....
I'll have someone holding the radiator for the h100i while I screw the mobo into the new case. Movement won't make any air bubbles in the thermal paste?
Thanks saves me some time. Any other tips on transferring the components.
What a scumbag thing to do for a bit of karma. Did you piss someone off recently? Maybe they were trying to get back at you. Anyways your project is awesome. Have you thought about adding layers? Like the underworld and some floors to buildings? Ex Slayer tower floors. If you need any help on the project like location scouting for mobs/npcs I would love to help.
U right heart of swarms is starcraft me thinks.
Sadly it will break the bank I am moving 3000 miles for a new job in 3 weeks so my budget is too tight to spend any kind of money. Wanted to get back into it because friends here are playing it and I wanna keep in touch. I understand they are hesitant but seeing as the email of the account is the same first and last name that is associated with the account I am moving it to as well as the information from before PoF was on the account has ties to recovering my main it is frustrating when they just give me their copy and paste answer.
Its okay my friend that gave me the original code found a second one and gave it to me and thanks for the congrats.
I seriously hope the fix the horrible writing of shield hero. I've got all the novels and could only bear it up to 4.
Stop
No? It's a useless sub.
The only point I agree with you on is adding the references and puns of real life people. It's turning into memescape.
No it's literally a useless sub not because it's dead but because we already have a osrs sub dividing the community is stupid. Kind of like you.
Idk how it replyed off you when I replyed to him from my message window odd.
280 million gold a day okay bud whatever you say. I used the AH to make money quite frequently in fact that is what I mostly player the game for. and what you are saying is literally impossible.
I flipped heavily 10+ hours a day while waiting for arena ques. I think my best day netted me 200k. It's just not physically possible to do anymore orders. I'm sure you could make more now that money is super inflated on WoW now vs when I did it in MoP. But 280 million is impossible.
I didn't even take into account run selling but yea. Using TSM 10 hours a day in average is get 150k that was being the main seller of gems, pots, and a few other things on KT.
Yea computer blew up and I had to restart it. Lost interest doing it again but I'll have something up eventually for now the JP wiki is good.
Nope
Totally not worth for that snooze fest of a movie.
We'll get 99 thieving and do master farmers. I did birdhouse runs before it blew up thanks to YouTubers and now I'm fucked by all the influx of people who were too stupid to test shit out on their own. So instead of bitching about it on Reddit I am going for 99 thieving so I can get them myself.
You fucked up
I think it was lake on that attempt.
They aren't using lunar spells
No
But they are ticks
Damn were all fucking dumb they are ticks but apparently ticks are a small arachnid. W/e case is they aren't fucking crabs.
Ouch yea it sucks to be Woox and not have anyone as good as you. While I have not done Raids 2 and will not for a very long time, the mechanics are pretty elementary for those of use who have done any form of raiding in WoW. Once you get your clicking down it does not appear to be that hard.
I think Woox has had time in other MMO's with actual raid mechanics. He made all the strats and tbh the first few runs I watched I figured out strats right off the bat. This is probably due to playing WoW so much and raiding high tier content. I am unsure of what the other MMO experience is for the other players on that team. But again other then learning to click correctly, which takes time but is not that hard. The raid is extremely easy mechanics wise. I'd say inferno is much much much harder content because of how unforgiving the clicks are and how intense it is.
Yea idk why he was being so greedy. Easily could have gotten 3b+ for it with how few people are clearing the raid atm.
Its BiS brand new and very few people are clearing the content. It might not be worth 2b to you, but there are plenty of people with 100b+ that would drop more on it.
Best to get 80 before red chins for 5 traps its pretty aids with bots so if you can get the diary done its much better.
Ticks technically an arachnid.
Bruh wait till Haruhime comes along.
I highly doubt most of his viewers are under 18 at this point.
Become an adult.
She was definitely killed it was posted shortly after hear death. Can't be assed to find a link but it shouldn't be hard.
Barrows is inefficient on IM until trident. You won't need anything from there until later game so it's better to wait.
For an ironman it is inefficient as fuck to waste your prayer pots instead of just getting a trident and using ice burst. You do not need barrows item for normal slayer and can easily get by with doing low tier bosses like DKs in rune. There is no need to rush barrows when 1. Your probably won't have the prayer pots for it or 2. Have the money to repair it. And 3. Won't need a use for it until much later. Sure you can do a couple runs for fun but wasting your time and supplies at a low level is down right stupid.
Fuck your friend 99 and no pet.
12 years ago? Nigga that's zeah
Bullshit I wasn't alive in the 80s and remember this. It went well into the early 2000s where I lived.
Time investment in Diablo is nowhere near that of time incesent in hardcore ironman mode
I literally do not give a fuck and these videos are just down right pathetic. If you don't like the guy don't watch his shit. Making a video on this is just as sad as what he did imo.
Only up until a certain point where you can buy life's and an item to turn you into a regular ironman on death.
8 years here this has never happened.
I mean you nailed it. We have ONE piece of content that requires a team. This game is not made around team content and to release GOOD FUN content that does cater to teams only is so incredibly stupid. You don't group up to quest, you don't group up to kill monsters, you don't group up to kill 99% of the bosses. So making content where you have to group up to do it is of course going to create backlash.
Please learn to spell. You look like an idiot.
Hahahahahaha I love you take this homphobe out of the game it's 2018 we like gays. O and we like other races.
Light novel is excellent it was my first light novel and I highly recommend it. The depth it goes into is quite amazing.
Shamu is nice Bronx is meh. Still haven't gotten more than one master from a 490 pull.
Getting +10 indigo is cheap. Kino is great because she or he supports some if the best dps classes. Bronx is meh elim is pretty good.
I mean it's kinda true if I wanted to play a MMO with people I would play literally anyone but this.
It's shit
I guess you read a different manga..
But it doesn't the game is fun in itself. You can play it entirely singleplayer with very few issues. I did the whole MMO guild shit for years on WoW I don't want to be tied down by other people schedules or personalities. Again if I wanted to I'd play a much better group oriented MMO.
Who the fuck says osiris......
🤣
No lie and I swear to God I don't look it up. But randomly got gay porn video ad on YouTube last night. I was like wtf and clicked the info to see what YouTube video could have triggered it but they said nothing. Literally was watching videos of a guy playing Detroit become human all day. First and only time that ad came up.
Yea it was an ad for a site didn't click on it was on ohibe laying in bed and it came on after an episode of the guy playing the game I was like wtf.
No we like Jews.
Enhancing in the game is cancer and is one of the main reasons people including myself quit. I had soft capped gear and to progress any further would take 100s of hours to even do an attempt on a piece of gear that had a very high chance of failing.
As someone who has put over 15,000 hours into BDO active and afk I can tell you it really isn't grindier they are about the same. In terms of BDO's combat leveling there is no real end. There is a soft cap and a hardcap but not real end. Most people stop at 60 with PvP'ers hitting 61 and more hardcore Pvp'ers pushing to 62. There are a few people who were crazy and pushed for 63 but truthfully that shouldn't be counted because the vast vast vast majority of people are not doing that. Getting to 60 takes around 50 hours of consistent grinding now with 60-61 taking another 100 hours and 61-62 taking exponentially more at around 1000 hours. Compared to getting all 200mils in combat in OSRS I think OSRS takes the cake even if were comparing getting to 62. As far as 63 goes yea thats so fucked and skewed but even the devs said people shouldnt aspire to get that level until caps are changed. As far as the life skilling goes half of them you can literally do while afk from the keyboard. And I do not mean RS afk I mean literally press a button and go to bed. The grind can be semi long but again there is no effort really involved. As far as active involvement life skills yes they are somewhat grindy but even then OSRS is far more grindy in comparison. I have Guru in 2 life skills Processing and Fishing. With Master in a majority of others that I have cared to try. The problem with a lot of BDO's life skills is they are just incomplete messes. There are no rewards past a certain point for most skills and the xp curves are different for different life skills. While getting GURU maxed in any lifeskill is technically WAY longer in BDO it wont be obtained and wasn't meant to be obtained, yet. They have inflated the xp requirements so they can continue to build out the games skills and combat levels for more longevity. Also I should note maxing lifeskills is idiotic and there is no point to do so. Its just a way to show how much you have done. Games shit btw dont recommend.
Noone got to 63 pre gyfin.
I do but people playing RS use it for the term where they are just doing non attentive content. I was reassuring that it actually meant not at the keyboard.
Way more than 3 my dude.
Who gives a fuck plenty of people used gambling sites as advertisements. I don't watch him because his content is shit, but the constant bandwagon hate on him is getting fucking old. Stop getting so asshurt about what others choose to do. It will make your life a hell of lot better.
No its because the smart people dropped it.
The Btoom adaption was nearly identical in faithfulness to the manga.
But it was a perfectly good adaption. Quality was fine, VAs were fine, material was fine. The only thing bad about it was had a very big cliff hanger.
Trimmed comp req xD
It will absolute be a nerf to xp. Do you understand how fast you can get 28 pick pockets?
49k subs not much of a career.
Has to do with raids 2 iirc.
Honestly and I know it would hurt his viewers for a week but if he really wanted them to change something he should just not participate in it at all.
Bruh u're either high or retarded.
Switch to official client for it.
Not much anymore views have dwindled because of the constant shit show
Lol no
How high are you?
Would be nice to give my sister for her birthday.
Could pay for the rest of school without having to take out loans.
Is there a reason why ironman can't use an item on the log?
I am not the best player by no means im at a 1.45 k/d with 4 days 12 hours played and I have the snipers dmrs and secondaries left. On top of that I havent played in over 2 weeks or so. It just takes time and effort into doing it.
Nintendo is fucking up so hard with online. I refuse to pay for the shitty services that they have. Which than makes me not want to buy games that have online. They really are fucking up.
It's always defaulted to that so returning players who have never played the new combat update are not overwhelmed.
I have played this game for 15 years and never once been hacked. Use an authenticator and bank pin ffs
Can confirm take adderall for school on break now still taking it I get shit done but not to his level.
You have to kill your target in bounty Hunter so you have to o Pk them.
And here I get like 3 from magics.
Yep
The only enemey that can upgrade an emblem is your bounty Hunter Target on the bounty Hunter world's. Emblems from wildy Slayer were added as a drop to allow ironmen to get them iirc.
What in the fuck.
Just got it downloading now will update when I play a bit.
Agreed show was shit through out then felt like he took some drugs towards the end of production and had an epiphany.
Aye let's go
I mean mouse never really turns fast enough to avoid dog fights or kill people. I can easily fly the planes but can't keep up with the dogfighting.
What
O it was a joke I was so confused but yea its real shit. I have a HUGE desk and a 5 foot long custom mousepad for most of the desk and have probably 2 feet of movement for my mouse and I still cant turn.
I HIGHLY doubt it will ever come to osrs.
Im currently looking into getting elite dangerous and some dlc possibly since the sales nice. What ones are good to get for a starter as well as is the game fun if I don't have VR? VR is of course my ultimate goal but I am going to buy https://www.amazon.com/ThrustMaster-2960778-Thrustmaster-T16000M-HOTAS/dp/B01KCHPRXA/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1545691506&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=thrustmaster+hotas for it. Any information on if that is a good starting Hotas setup or should I go with dual sticks? Thanks!
Uhhh I bought it 3 days ago and have 20 hours played already and the only glitch I've had is a missing weapon once.
MFW when I had that exact one up but was reading about splitters instead of typing about switches....
You, I like you.
30% cut from steam?
Lol he never actually went to another country that was a joke.
What a bitch fuck her you are better off without her.
Nah man most people were probably more worried about you then being haha look at that teenager in a wheel chair.
I could do 55 for em. 50 would be a bit low with shipping and fees for me.
Alright PM your paypal info. Won't be able to get it out until Monday though.
Yeah it is im sad to get rid of it but there is no point for me to collect anymore.
It's really good I didn't read 5 yet cause I was waiting for 6 to come out but that comes out in 2 weeks. Pm your PayPal if still ibterested.
Yea got it will send invoice today.
I mean a lot of things are similar to one another. I personally thought the code Geass shirt films were pretty bad. While I thought 86 was excellent. Also as a side note ive been told by numerous people to hold off on 2 until 3 comes out due to a huge cliff hangar.
That is the dumbest shit ever. Do you realize how easy it is to get 25mil at higher levels of an ironman vs a third age item? I am over 6k hards and elites across OSRS and RS3 without ever seeing a third age item.
Not even remotely? High level ironman doing raids and bosses get so much extra income. My mate who hasn't drop traded anything over has like 800 mil in prayer scrolls alone. Not to mention couple 100mil in dag rings/whips/tridents/boot crystals. You have no idea how much more important a piece of third age is vs 25mil. Even a 3rd age sword/wand/drudic is better off being kept on the ironman.
Mind pming me the details of volume 1 epilogue I completely forgot.
Sold Devil is a Part Timer 1-13 and No Game No Life 1-8 to /u/Narthanthetaco From https://www.reddit.com/r/mangaswap/comments/bs6qh6/us_selling_entire_physical_ln_collection_wpaypal/
Ahh so 2 and 3 go over the time between that more on both sides? Good I wanted to know more about that the jump seemed huge.
Damn I wanted to see some of Lena's side but im okay with Shin's as well.
Sheild has fashion scape. Sense of achievement which is what the whole purpose of getting gear is on an Ironman. You won't win this argument.
Invoice Sent
Invoice Sent
Nah not even worth me selling at $6 its really not worth it at $7.50 as a single but it is what it is.
Yep please go over to the other thread if interested.
Alright pm your PayPal info.
Congrats! Recently sold all of my collection but it's nice to see others. Besides that classroom of the elite throw that off to the side where you don't have to look at the stubby book.
Yea idk if that's it or not I'll check.
LMFAO I forgot about these. God were these horrible everyone expressed how bad they were and they finally gave in.
Tbh I highly doubt it is a light novel if it was 8-9 years ago. LN's in the west haven't really been that popular. Sure there were a few but not many and the likely hood of it being a LN is slim to none.
Physical is more expensive and I will be travelling far more to enjoy it so opting to buy a nice tablet and go digital was a better option. I sold most for a dollar less than I can buy them digital so it wasn't a huge loss. Plus I truly had no room for 100+ books.
Novel is hit or miss I'm invested at this point. The characters are great but idk where the author is going with the story. The latest volume comes out tomorrow which will make or break it for most of us. Don't get me wrong I've enjoyed reading it but I've been annoyed at some points, though I think every series has the ups and downs
I don't spoil sorry gotta read it. As much as I've complained it's worth the read it is enjoyable and the author has some crazy twist and turns. The last novel was just too out there for most of us which is the big complaint but in 16 minutes I'll start the new one and we shall see.
Official volume 14 is out the 4th digital release is far ahead of physical
Are you talking about fan translations? I haven't seen this on any official.
I am sorry but what are Vol 14+ and Vol 14++
O that is dumb.... Hide those spoilers btws.
I mean idk if different langauges from English do things differently.
Traveling merchant who meets a wolf god and they travel together. I recently restarted it and read all of Volume 1 yesterday and already on Volume 2. It really goes into the intricacy of buying and selling items and the trades he does.
Why are you being such a fucking asshole. I said I was unsure how other languages do their translations. Get off whatever pedestal you are on. You were literally hostile from the start.
Ill be 100% honest the oasis is a fucking waste of money. I literally just got the Samsung Tab A 10.1 (2019) 32gig edition for 229+tax and it works amazingly plus I can use it for other thing non kindle related. The kindle app works perfectly. Sure the Oasis is significantly smaller but I have had 0 issue holding the Tab A with one hand and I have pretty small hands.
Is it better than the anime? I tried getting into the anime a few times but just couldn't. It just didn't feel like the right medium because all it was was talking but I kinda feel a book would be better.
Doubtful, Student Blue is actually a really good health plan and is pretty cheap. Low deductible and it only comes out to like $250 a month. It has really good benefits like medication, eye care, maybe dental? Idk I didn't look into that since friend is a dentist. I searched for a long time for a lower plan and could not find one. The customer service their also actually gives a fuck they are super helpful and friendly.
If you weren't covered under your grandmothers insurance what you did was fraud.
I am a tad older than most Seniors 3-4 years and freshman look like middle schoolers to me. Honestly a bunch of juniors and seniors do too, but freshman and softmores legit look like kids to me.
Maybe &gt;.&lt; but yea freshman look so young to me and when I think about the shit I did my freshman year before going to work for a few years I want no part in that. But even when I was 21-22 those girls still looked super young. Maybe im just into milfs? Idk man.
If you are really good at math I HIGHLY recommend AI. AI is going to be the future of the world whether people like it or not. Good job prospects, but so are most CS concentrations.
Older is better 😁
Don't read the LN unless your reading from the start the manga is all over the place. It is honestly pretty different.
Shield hero is honestly a joke of a series and it is a shame it got an anime before much more deserved series. Avoid the LN like the plague.
Confirmed
But it isn't really. It was easy to see something like this was happening.
Yea plus doing the rifts when you unlock them. You will eventually unlock quick journeys and quick explorations allowing you todo them easier. The main goal is to explore areas since each area offers different resources monsters and dungeon types. End goal is to build teams expand your town and future domain when you get high enough level. There is a ton of different activities but for the start that is what you should be doing. As the title of the game states it is a very managet heavy game but does it in a better way then most imo. The quest on the left should help a lot too with what you should be progressing.
Thanks totally did forget it. If you have any questions feel free to ask.
It is already an auto fight style game but you will eventually get the option to skip a fight once it starts. Can also quick skip certain activities once completed at least once. You don't have to click anything while fighting there are no active abilities you click.
Right? The main flaw like I said was they do no marketing what so ever. If they promoted the game even slightly it would get more downloads and people playing.
Tbh not sure about iOS on Android you have to switch your Google account.
Create a new game center account might do it then.
Arley and Jin Elina have the highest priority, then Juhong, and finally Antenore. Elle is the main healer you will use so if you get her that's important too. Rerolling isn't required but if you never plan on doing the monthly plan I'd say reroll toll you get one of the above since they are high priority companions for combat. But if you hate rerolling it isn't a huge issue in the long run. The game can be very generous with master level companions. I've never really been damn I wish I had that master.
Cross posting this from /r/GachaGaming. The game is amazing but lacks the player base. The devs have no idea what marketing is which is why we aren't getting more players. Hopefully they realize this soon or some of you start to enjoy the game and keep playing.
It's been out a year and just got bought by a new company that's very passionate about it.
Around a year and a half ago iirc.
You were told how to by creating a new game center account. There have been plenty of new players in that have been greeted perfectly fine. Most people playing don't have IOS devices or use an emulator. Idk what to tell you if someone generally doesn't respond to a question after 2 or 3 times that means they do not know. The discord is literally one of the friendliest and most helpful of any mobile game I've been a part of. Sorry you feel that way.
I wouldn't let one bad apple ruin the experience. I've tried a ton of games and nothing compares in enjoyment. I'll look into who said it and talk with em. I did look into rerolling and the only thing I can up with is uninstalling and going as guest, but tbh I'm not sure. Combat companions are 1/3rd of the game so unless u legit got 3 of the worst starting rr isn't necessary.
Only thing I can think of is creating a new game center and logging into that while on the account maybe? Tbh I'm not sure about rerolling it's been a hot topic today. But tbh rerolling really isn't mandatory since only a third of your companions are combat.
Infinite Dendrogram
Nah man you are completely wrong the 2019 is more powerful in terms of chip sets. It has lower ram at 2 gigs but I have had 0 issues with ram. The sound is perfectly fine. It takes like 5 minutes to get used to it that is it. The 2018 is 100 dollars more for a lower chip set and an extra gig of ram. It is absolutely not worth it and iirc you told me to get the 2018 as well which I'm glad I didn't. Reviews for 2019 are great...
https://mynexttablet.com/samsung-galaxy-tab-a-10-2019-review/ Same guy giving it a 9/10 it is absolutely retarded to go for an older model that is $100 more just for an extra gig of ram and .4 inches of display. O look he gave the 10.5 a 7/10 https://mynexttablet.com/samsung-galaxy-tab-a-10-5-review/ ..........
I think about it a lot...
You are doing it wrong if u're paying $14.
If I didn't have such a huge back list..... I'd read some of his works.
I wasn't a fan of the anime because I always thought it woulda been a better book. It is on my list for sure. But I got into infinite Dendrogram and can't stop reading it.
Most of the time it isn't due to the amount there is to adapt but the anime is there to sell the source work. Unless it is super popular anime most stop at one maybe two seasons. Some examples of popular shows continuing are SAO, Overlord, SNAFU, etc. But that isn't always the case. Spice and Wolf for example was an extremely popular show that only adapted 4 of 17 novels. Devil is a part timer is the same only adapting 2/13. It's very unlikely that anime will adapt all the source material because once it is done what is the point of spending the money to find out what happens.
3.0 and above GPA* English Composition I &amp; II equal to NC State’s ENG 101 8 semester hours of Calculus equal to NC State’s MA 141 &amp; MA 241 2.5 GPA in the last two Calculus or higher Mathematics courses Calculus-based Physics equal to NC State’s PY 205 &amp; 206 General Chemistry with lab equal to NC State’s CH 101 &amp; 102 Taken from the NC State website for engineering. You also need at least 30 credit hours. NC State Transfer is extremely difficult and tbh harder than getting in from the start since your college courses are going to be more challenging than highschool. It's nearly twice as more difficult to transfer to NC State then it is to transfer to UNCC.
Finding finished is honestly kinda hard. While not finished I HIGHLY recommend Infinite Dendrogram. It's not quite isekai but it is written very well and has some really great characters, storh, and mechanics. Plus it's only 6.99 on ebook. Unfortunately it's only digital atm.
Iirc 10 came out at the beginning of the month for Japan but it ge really takes a bit to translate.
Nah hit me with it.
Read all but dungeon defense will look.
Not a fan of either but I guess I should look at the websites of my favorite publishers.
Ahhh vanda's I remember the anime was sub par but had interesting story. Will look into both.
Idk it feels like it's not truly a game and the AIs are aliens..... Who knows.
I can make another sub that auto pulls all sublease to that for more sublease goodness.
I volunteer as tribute.
You look like my friend Ben.
Yeah that's what I did for spider bitch quest inwas just confused cause I thought the transition to a new zone would been a bit smoother. Thanks for clarification.
Fk I'm doing the same done in winter though.
I wouldn't even go +8, +8 has a huge fail rate compared to +7. +7 is easily doable while when testing I failed over 30 enhancements going +8 vs about 12 doing +7.
Blue +8 is a waste +7 is far easier and costs much less. You can get an orange with the money saved from failing 8s.
Get +7 blues sell your purple and red coral.
I mean you def shouldn't do that. They are unique to this time of the year and that amount of silver is easily gotten in a day.
For a sub with 15k subscribers it is really active.
This is it. New account 5100 weight combat plus about to run out I'll lose 1600 weight dropping me down to 3500.
I didnt even beat it. I hated all the levels idk it just wasn't fun for me.
&gt; The rate isn’t bad with a 25% crystal fusion success rate lightstone. Hate to break it to you but this is false af. I have done over 200 fuses and not gotten a single yellow. Its is extremely rare you are getting lucky. Most of my guildmates have gotten one maybe 2.
Game auto binds movement and abilities to the controller as well as dodge, weapon swap. You still have to physically click the screen to interact with things.
Iron Mine is better because you literally do not need pots, the loot that can drop is far superior, and there are no magic or ranged mobs.
I am not remotely grossely exaggerating. I am in the third best guild on kaia and when asking others what their experience with gem fusing was half said 0 yellows a few said 2 and a few said 1. I have literally not gotten a single one and it is fucking triggering.
Xbox One Controller and Galaxy S10+
Im rank 7 lifeskill I have had camp at max for a long while and my alchemy at max for a long while. I have 4 OP crafters as well as I have been mining manually as well as sending out workers daily. Not all 200 were from using gem boxes. I have gotten atleast 50 fuses from regular means. I feel they upped the fuse rate for you guys since you are soft launch and arbitrarily slowing progression down on the newer servers, including fuses, drops, etc. I have had one lightstone yellow fuse the other 3 are from pulling 60. My theory is rates are garbage on newer servers so the whales don't pull astronomically ahead right out of the gate. They are already 500+ CP ahead of HC F2P'ers, but nowhere near where they would be with full yellow gems, and orange gear. Because there is no other explanation that you could be fusing that many yellows when those on my server are lucky to have one or two. Even the whales still have purple gems on the khzarkas and other reds.
What do you not understand about I am ranked 6th in lifeskilling on the server. You are 100% false about the drop rates. I asked my guild yet again how many have had a yellow fused crystal and only 3 out of the 20 talking and on said they did. Not to mention the amount of crystals you can get from straight up buying every hour from the vendor I have EASILY done 200 fuses. I have had alchemy level 9 for over a week. I buy crystals every hour from the vendor. I have around 700 of each blue resource atm because of my daily farming, stamina use, not being an idiot wasting stam on dumb things. Think all you want about your fuse rates but it is 100% different on Kaia. Don't believe me? Log onto the server and ask in server chat. On top of this it was confirmed on PC BDO that each character has a hidden luck factor on character creation. I am not sure if they did this crap on mobile but it was a huge controversy on PC. You could very well be the luckiest dude in the world.
You are completely wrong it adds files to your x32 that cannot be taken off another user already mentioned it but it is true. LD player is trash tier.
Hey! Some of us are okayish.
Just save up your boss rush passes than buy one combat plus and do them all.
This is 100% false. Sleep mode is about 3x better in terms of drops.
&gt;inb4 'dont farm nm then' Hate this mentality the increased drop rate is insane. It is fun to actually be able to fight for your spots against somewhat similarly geared players. It is not fun to have a whale whos 900 cp higher come in and one shot you and 6 other people in your vicinity. Even a NM only karma where you can only kill a certain amount of players or like your CP lowers until you grind more mobs.
&gt;I don't care about increased drops. I want to able to kill people leeching on my spots but not a zone where you spent half your time defending your spot either Honestly this is the major thing for me. I could do without the increased drops if I at least had the ability to have some PvP for spots again.
Did you even read my post I clearly said I am okay with there being a power gap between f2p and whales. What I am not okay is being locked out of a piece of content due to it.
Agree. I got about 25 hours into the game and was still receiving tutorials. I liked the story and characters but got busy with other things. There is absolutely 0 way I can go back into that game and start from where I left off and there is 0 way I am starting over. Sadly it was a E shop purchase for me otherwise I would have sold it.
I agree and disagree. I had some great times with it. Mindlessly exploring and stumbling upon something cool was awesome. The 4 champion fights were cool, but other than that it was really just a giant world filled with random shrines that took no time to complete. While I don't think it is criminally overrated I do think it is overrated and does not deserve the game of the decade that some people are giving it.
Its okay to be wrong.
&gt;There are many non whales in top guilds who are able to farm in Nightmare. I understand that I am one of those who can farm effectively until a squad of whales comes up because you are in the second-fifth guild and they don't want you guys in there at all. &gt;IMO Nightmare is extremely well done and soon there will be many different nightmare maps which will increase accessibility to these zones to lower CP players. The issue is there is only one map and constant ability to grief with no penalty. A small penalty would make it go a long way and the fact that no new maps has come out yet is another major issue.
O lord
Agreed
I'm 3300 cp and f2p other than buying pets which adds no cp.
If u think 5cp is p2w you are a moron. The collection is pathetic and noone should go towards it.
And an orange dude spent money without a clue on what to do with it.
You can farm there for all of 5 minutes until a squad of whales tolls through
I have spent 60+ hours in NM I am not spreading shit. If a whale guild is targeting your guild because your guild happens to be top 5 on the server they will refuse to let you farm. You have 0 idea what goes on, on my server. If you happen to be in a shit guild that they don't care about sure you can farm there without any problem. They are actively targetting their competition to force players out. As well as they have hours during the day where they literally let noone in and will just go in a groups of 5 one hitting everyone around. You have 0 idea what your talking about and need to stop spewing your bullshit because clearly it is an issue when you are the only one to say it isn't. At 3400 CP you are not going to touch the squad I am talking about. They one hit me at 3380 cp.
Sell it get +3 yellows
With the latest patch +0 yellows are better you can cap your branch damage elsewhere.
Can confirm have done this and lost and won millions o Eric the years no ban.
Sorc is one of the most wanted class.
It all depends on the secondary stats you need to max out.
Well bsm is awful and should only be done if you need to use your phone or during maintenance always use sleep mode. Even so only level 9 is absurd and idk what you are doing wrong. I am at level 224
I've gotten a week free multiple times before to retry an expansion I hadn't played for 6 or so months. 9 times out of 10 I'd resub for a bit so it always worked in their favor. I would literally just open a ticket and say I'm interested in playing again but not 100% can I get a bit of gametime to retry it. I dont think they ever said no. The majority gave me 7 days, one gave me 3, and one a full month. No idea if this would still work though.
Than idk how hes possibly losing.
Comsidering you need alts in this game for later content it would be dumb to do this.
It's also a horrible option because of content down the road that requires multiple leveled up and geared characters.
Ure gonna need alts that are geared for content in a few months so just smash the accessories together.
To be fair its doable alpt of us did it when the game was new. It just requires a lot if pots.
pets. You click on the map icons it will tell you if there are horse spawns in said zone.
Fucking bullshit rng.
Wtf are you even shitting out of your mouth? I have 3 characters at 60. One with 3600 gs 2 with 2800. Am I f2p? No I have spent around 150 bucks. My point of the post was its a dumb idea to delete characters because you NEED them ALL for future content.
Not waste your time fishing......
The amount of misinformation that is spewed with 1 slots being bad. They scale far better than yellows a +25 orange vs a + 25 yellow is not only 9 cp better. In addition they continue to increase in the cp gap. At +28 orange sword vs yellow is 16 cp better.
False a full set of yellows is better now than +8 blues.
Yes a +28 has significantly more than a yellow and it increases in its gap at each enhance. If the orange has the second aries you need it is almost always worth getting.
Yes
The other skills are perfectly fine. Fishing is just an absolute waste because no gold comes out of it and the food you get is worthless. Planting 20hour crops are way more food. The only thing you should be using your stamina on is doing all of the amenity rewards and after the good ones gathering.
For fuck sake....
Sorc is the strongest pre awakening class in kr bud.
Dont enhance at 95% than. At 60 drop rates are significantly increased.
Literally noone is gonna sell you this.
I'm at 2 60s a 59 and a 56 it's not hard.
Please tell me all your BPs didnt go into the green accessories.
But hes a literal joke that can be done at 1800 cp.
CP is everything in this game until awakening. And even than it outclasses hp by a longshot.
Bruh your are so wrong.
I'd like to have more than $29 in my account.
You will get more cp faster switching to orange than trying to go to 32-33 on yellows.
My +26 vs +28 longsword was the same cp when switching. Enhancement and putting a gem in idk where you got your math calculations. At 28 it was 16 cp over the yellow. You lose 1 ap when switching to orange but orange enhancements scale more. A +28 orange is 15 or 16 to better than a yellow.
Damn son do you realize two orange weapons is the same as a plus 30 bonus in terms of cp. Have fun staying in yellows while my 3800 cp one hits you.
They are on heidel as well as they are in the number 1 whale guild and has free access to nm with very very little competition. I'll be honest I'm skeptical as fuck that that whale guild let him in being f2p. If they did than hes damn lucky. I'd pay $100 for 0 competition NM.
I've had 6.
This guy plague incs. 90% of my starts are in Saudi Arabia. The others were random for achievements.
Nah man sorcs super duper duper bad yea she's not the best nope not at all cough cough.....
None she is very strong against all of our currently released classes. Valk has a chance but desync.
O that whale is trash.
Sorry ure either killing shit mobs, in a low density area, lying about time played, or not in correct area. I've had 25+ yellows and 5 oranges. I legitimately grind all day either actively watching or on sleep. I DO NOT believe anyone's rng is this bad. Once you hit 60 your drop rates drastically increase. The tier of drops you get goes up. So at 59 it was rare to get a purple common to get a blue super rare for a yellow. At 60 it's common for purples rare for yellows and super rare for oranges. Edit: I stand by that it is impossible for him to have 1 yellow if he farms 24/7 You are 100% exaggerating how often you grind.
Ure cp is low at 3700 I'm killing twice the mobs as you.
Contact whales for paypal to post. I made 12 grand in bdo pc when I tapped my tet ogre to pen and sold to a whale. If I had been 4 months earlier it would have gone for 50 grand.
They take armor off to one hit.
My +28 yellow vs +28 orange the orange was 16 cp better. At 30 it scaled higher and was 24 cp better.
If you have a tier 6 town already its nice to get the node leveled as well as get ap/dp books. If ure not town level 6 use all workers to gather. I get 4-8 ap/do books a night.
1. Yes orange on second row roughly 1800. 2. Hard to say do you want quick or long term gains with the Pearl's. 3. A lot of contention with this one. Sleep mode you are still physically in game and grinding at normal speed. Bsm is an unknown algorithm that gives loot depending on the area you log out at. Most people say sleep mode and I would have agreed with them but post 60 with combat plus and bs plus I noticed the quality not quantity of my drops through bsm was higher. I've gotten more yellows and oranges in bsm at 60 than I have in sleep mode. But the thing is noone knows I'm too small a sample to prove anything. But always bsm during maintenance.
Always wrong.
Why?
I have 45 Grand weapon stones , 1100 of the purple weapon stones 1000s of the other weapon stones, and 500mil to buy weapons / enhance. I should have enough for +30 yellows if not orange weapons. I also have 750 boss fights stacked up to do for xp as well as saving shakutu coins to roll for weapons.
Again you are wrong. Enjoy being capped at 3600 with your liverto.
Ahh boxes I thought you meant the ap /do ones which are global. Are the boxes actually on open or on pickup?
No
Its not the bsm doesnt use any buffs because you arent logged into the game. It uses some random algorithm for loot, based on the location that we do not have access to. Sleep mode uses buffs bsm does not this is well known.
I had alts at every boss all witches with literally a shit ass staff. I'd log over hit the boss a few times and sit in the back. I had multiple boss boxes I'd say 20+ over the 3 years I played. And that is just from the alts. Shits straight up rng.
It's not a fucking achievement though. They didnt do shit its PA having no care in the world for the rng and 0 bad luck preventions. People that are dedicated to this game. Play it a lot help fund it are constantly tired of seeing people that literally just downloaded it ge an item that is literally twice as good as other items. A base rednose is better than a 28 yellow chest. Enhanced to 28 its 1.5x better than an orange. It is so fucking discouraging seeing this bullshit. And dont be like boo hoo its rng. I know what it is it doesnt make it any better or fair. So yes he can fuck right off.
This is honestly what I am worried for the most right now. As it stands base oranges will be the only thing you need for accessories.
People downvoted you because they literally do not understand her. If you are below 3750 cp or not in the top guild on the server you wont even get a hit on the boss. I am almost 3850 cp and dont even try since out whale guild one shots anyone who gets to close.
Globals almost 2 months old for actual launch and around 4 or 5 for headstart server.
Farming that ring is actually idiotic.
False it should be 10. I have had over 200 red chest drops and not gotten just a single good blackstone. Blues give single reds give 10. You saw wrong. Unless the game is bugged right now it is 10. Edit: I just got 10 from one about 10 minutes ago. 10 minutes after first response.
Why would you switch from the strongest pre awakening class to the weakest this early on before awakening. Sure leveling on, but if you are already a ranger its actually pointless for another 8 months until awakenings.
Get rid of the purple accessories.
Warrior to sorc is perfectly fine they are both similar if not same power level pre awakening while sorc being op post. I'm switching from warrior to sorc myself and tbh other than giants if ure valk, witch, or ranger ure gonna be disappointed.
You need multiple characters in the future for future content so you need to keep them anyways.
Q3 or Q4 it's on the road map.
Fk no
I like to rip that bitch out like the savage I am.
Pre awakening she suffers horrible from desync post awakening she turns into a literal god. Only reason I'm swotching is because I'm tired of warrior and I played a lot of sorc on pc version.
Except it's not worth it. Black petals are limited currency. Silver is not which you can use to buy enhance stones if you so need to.
Literally none of them are worth it since bp is time gated and all of those have silver alternatives while accessories do not. Using bps on anything but accessories is horrible.
Bsm tends to give out higher quality drops more often while sleep gives more quantity of drops. Literally every high end player will say the same because we all tested it. With BS+ the quality of drops seems to go up even more.
Absolutely anyone worth a damn who actually did reasonable testing instead of a few nights of bsm.
I can absolutely make one if you show me yours. I'll add onto this. I am sick of seeing the masses on this sub and server chats just spewing shit facts because others are. O 1 slot oranges are trash you shouldnt ever use them. This is finally being found out by the majority of the community to be false. As for BSM and sleep myself and many of my guild members who are all 3700+ tested this for a month. The majority found that with BS+ on BSM mode the quality of drops were significantly higher. I mean yellow energy, multiple oranges a night across members, yellow weapon and armor drops. No bs + the drops were marginally worse for some reason. With sleep mode there was always a large quantity of purple weapons armors and energy. With some yellows and a rare occasional orange. Sure our sample size is smaller than the loud annoying almost always false community but we all came up with the same thing. On top of this the developers are not stupid why would they have a payable option be worse than a non payable option but slightly more convenient? They wouldnt as someone who's played their games for years they absolutely wouldn't. I wont be surprised in a few months of bs+ is selling low they make a statement that bs mode is better than sleep.
I mean tbh I should stop caring just means the masses are behind me in terms of everything. They were all sitting at 3600 with 2 slot yellow grunil while I was at 3800 1 slot orange. They are getting trash drops overnight where I almost always guarantee a yellow with an orange weekly.
You need 5 or 6 alts. How long did it take to get your weapons to what it is now. A month or more? Removing that progress instead of starting over is dumb. What you should have done was save up enhancement stones. Everyone here is going to tell you not to transfer enhancements because its a bad idea. TBH people trying to switch this late without any prep are going to have a bad time.
Okay so dont transfer than. You should be fine for now a little weaker than probably your main.
What I mean is the or as mfe weapon prices will go down in the future, but re enhancing the transferred weapon will stay the same in terms of enhance cost. Maybe s bit less. The only reason to transfer is if you don't have enough saved stones to get back to the same level as well as being in a super competitive guild.
My guild pretty much tested it evenly 15 days of both. The guy who's preaching about sleep has probably been playing since soft launch. I've gotten 6 from bsm and 1 from sleep and I do usually use them evenly. I sleep during the day so I can interact easier but bsm at night. I'd say I even sleep more than I bsm just for ease of getting back into the game and I get worse quality of drops. Trust me the deva arent stupid enough to make it weaker than their built in sleep mode potentially losing money on people buying bs+.
Small sentence with generic assholish comment did read sorry I did gg.
I mean it's a legitimate strategy for low cp players to annoy and mess with the farm of the stronger.
Imagine asking for help people gave It and you ignore it. You were an idiot for selling it. Next time listen to what people ppl say. The 150mil ure gonna get cause of taxes is doable one 3 or 4 days of violent mob farming.
50? Imagine having 1400 like me :(
1 orange is not bad at all. I did a 30k coin pull with none the other day and only 5 yellows. It is literally just the most random shit. I've gotten 2 oranges in a day from it before.
Is there an official stream of the 1979 gundam. I'm still mixed on where to start I have been told by multiple people that origin is better enjoyed after because you know the characters and its exciting to watch their start. I'll be honest I'm leaning towards the original series first just to get the oldest animation out of the way.
Thats what the general consensus of a lot of fans said but a ton of watch order guides say otherwise. I am going with the 79 version first. Than origin I think. Edit: Every Single watch order is now saying Origin even the recommended ones on this sub so I am still torn AF on what to watch.
Ure losing out on a shit ton of cp doing it now. Edit: Was on phone clicked c instead of x cause fat fucking sausage fingers.
Incorrect 1slot orange is always worth over grunil.
i meant xp but I was on phone and clicked the c which happens to have another meaning in BDO M and be right next to the x &gt;.&lt; I have level 60 saved in boss fights for my Sorc once I finish mediah story.
This is why you use BSM not only is the quality of loot better but dcs do not affect it. The only time you should use sleep is if you are actively playing and using your horse bonding, flagged for PvP, or in NM. Otherwise BSM is better for 97.53% of the time. DO NOT listen to the mass of shills that praise sleep over BSM. PA's greedy ass would not make their P2W / PForConvienence option worse than a free built in option.
BSM is an algorithm that we literally have 0 idea how it runs that being said ill give you a rundown of what myself and many other high rank players have discovered. Yes sleep gives farm more in terms of junk drops and low quality items but BSM has been proven by numerous high level guilds to give more HIGH quality loot drops. Significantly more Purple level BS enhancement materials, weapons, and armor as well as more oranges. If you go through the subreddit the vast majority of oranges are from BSM with some from sleep. Test it yourself for a week and you will clearly see a major difference in the quality not quantity of the drops. On top of this 99% of the trash items are absolutely worthless and take up too much weight, which is what your mainly getting in sleep because you are technically killing faster. The exception being the trash mobs in the castle after siege wars which you can only farm 2 hours a day while your guild owns the castle. BSM also goes to 200% weight. This means at 3500 weight you can hold 10,500 in BSM, while you hold significantly less in sleep. But no go ahead continue to follow the uninformed masses who also claimed one slot oranges were trash compared to grunil. It is okay. Edit: I will add onto this and this should be the most convincing part to those of us who have ever played a Kakao / PA game. There is no way in hell in any way shape or form that they would have the free version of BSM aka Sleep be better in terms of quality of drops when they have a purchasable upgrade option for BSM. This would be dumb on a business level and we all know PA / Kakao like to milk us like the sluts we are. Trust me BSM is better. Even more so with BS+.
Ok bud test it yourself than continue to talk shit. I get 200 pots a night and BSM and literally use 10 over a 6 hour period. You have literally no idea what the hell you are talking about and are following the masses that also have 0 idea what the hell they are talking about. Ask any high level guild on your server and they will say BSM over sleep for the vast majority of things other than what I already stated. But no please continue to use sleep mode I will just continue to get further and further ahead with my 7 orange field drops. I even looked through your comments to see if you were a troll you state you haven't gotten a yellow drop ever. That leads me to believe you are low tier-mid tier player that barely plays. Please enlighten me on that otherwise.
Bored of a ranger that is amazing farm clear and great at PvP. Excited about bad pre awakening, low pve farm clear and mediocre PvP due to desync. Makes sense switching from a ranger to a Sorc. I guess her particle effects are purple thats a plus!
I am switching to sorc because I am a warrior lol it makes 0 sense to switch from the best class to one of the worst but you do you. It would be far more beneficial in the long run to stick with your ranger and slowly level a sorc and have her up to level for awakening when she becomes OP her pre awakening is mediocre at best. Switching from a range class to a melee class is gonna be a really big wake up call / struggle for rangers / witches. Edit: Ill ad onto this my first comment was a bit on the rude side I apologize for that. But you are going to see your farm rate drop down by nearly half switching to melee. You will be getting killed by range characters that are 200-300 cp lower that just kite you. As well as the boss rush max level you got to will now be impossible to do. Forgot to add no matter if your top 500 cp on the server getting 10 slot damage rewards on bosses is also nearly impossible. This is all based on if you get to the same CP as your ranger. If you are lower on the sorc than it is going to be hell.
You are continuing to prove my point have a good day. Enjoy being forever behind.
There is no pre order for pets materials are way over played for especially recently due to the tier 6 canopy upgrades.
I understand that sleep kills 60% more but from mine and my old guilds testing bsm eas significantly better in the quality of drops received. We will never know because of how rng works but if we take into the account the greed of kakao it wouldnt make sense for the free version to be better than a paid version. It's just not like kakao /PA to do that. In fact I'd have agreed with sleep at the start of launch but about 3 weeks in there was an update that made bsm feel a lot more hearty. Edit: I am so damn adamant about this because after the maint there was a HUGE increase in drops in BSM leading me to believe that a stealth buff happened because everyone was claiming sleep mode as being the best.
I mean 6k is nothing to be honest.
Yes will you probably not just change the times it uses stuff to random.
Lol you think Starkknekkid and Roguesquad are bullies you are having a laugh. Heidel and Mediah has whales with 5k CP that run the game. I forget which server but half the top 100 is just that guild. Kaia is a very balanced server in terms of top players. Players from multiple guilds. This is a fucking pvp game that limits the number of nodes and castles that people can have. Why the hell would top guilds work with others. Let me guess this is Fallenreborn the meme of Kaia.
It's the 29th it's been announced for weeks.
Buy them or craft in camp.
Wrong CP is everything in this game. On top of that wasting your gem slots for anything but ap or dp gems is just so wrong.
Siege you get silver as well got about 7mil sent through mail after first win.
Tbh blue +8 is better than what hes doing. He needs to drop the two purples for golds.
Dude you are so fucking wrong it hurts.
Yea the thing is you are extremely wrong your losing out on a minimum of 14 ap or do oer item with purples. And 18 with yellows. X that by 6 pieces that is 84 and 116 cp or do. That is another tier bracket at 84 cp you might be able to match someone. At 116 you are pushing it. Thise stats are easily gotten by other means. Literally everyone is CP stacking and it's how it has been since KR.
It's not 20 to 30 extra co you pleb its 84-116 cp depending on if you have purple or yellow gems. You have 0 idea how this game has been played for the last 2 years on KR it seems because everyone CP stacked and got their sub stats elsewhere. LITERALLY noone uses attack speed or crit chance gems unless they dony have that AP gem.
It was removed in kr too.
65k coins 0 oranges but 8 yellow livertos.
I got to 53 and I didnt even play all day. I got to 40 day one of release so without any armor or weapons or silver to transfer over. If it was that I'd have been impressed.
https://m.imgur.com/a/bflgnvg I just woke up.
Ill be honest im finding this very hard to believe. Even doing story all the way to Mediah is only 55 plus 15+ hours of work. Grinding Bossrushes is doable but they would have had to have over 10k to do that. I am not saying ure lying but this is highly unlikely.
Your ranger is a range class that should get hit 10x less than any melee. There is 0 sense for them to not give all classes a self heal considering they had them but have taken them out for global.
Ahh I did story missions and some bossrushes.
or you know an emulator at your computer.
Its okay that first tier 4 pet is literal garbage and better off using a T1 with weight or dark energy.
Again I need proof than I will believe you. I am 3700 cp and we had someone at 4k cp grinding all day with that exact set up get to 56. I don't see how anyone could do 59 unless they have bots or macros started at server opening and didn't stop. Even than I don't see it being mathematically possible.
Jesus what server are you on that orange weapons are 17mil fuck me.
I haven't spent a dime on this game in over a month and got the pet on second pull.
Softlahnch was 3 months before global. If you have played daily since then that sucks but if you started on global not awful..
My crow was at 12 that I randomly picked.
You are so wrong it hurts.
Bruh this is how real-estate showings are done. The realtor for potential buyers will get the code to the lock box not some random person.
I have never had a someone without a realtor show up when I myself was using a realtor. This is more of a selling your home yourself thing. MOST realtors will not allow some random person to go into their clients home because than the liability falls on them. What I said is how it is done 99% of the time with any reputable realtor.
Looking to spread coronavirus you mean.
LN is technically correct because it is a subgenre of Japanese novels.
Don't got to be a duck the entire thread up to that was about the Japanese LN All you need is kill. Mobile made that post not show. But I guess I'm not surprised that someone like you was an asshole.
Down vote away I don't give a fuck but.... I am so fucking sick of how entitled the runescape community is. Every other MMO has much longer content droughts, and when new content does drop 90% of the time it makes prior content meaningless. For the most part runescaoe is horizontal progression with upgrades here and there so content for the most part stays relevant meaning you can continue to do it ot explore other older content you haven't done. 10 weeks without an update boo fucking hoo we just got an excellent new skill that the vast majority of us are still enjoying. I am so sick of the .5% of you who bitch and moan every week that there isn't new content. But Biggus we used to get content weekly. Yea sure tiny fucking increments of content on a client that a 12 year old could develop for. Content is bigger and harder to make now. How about instead of constantly whining play the fucking game and do other shit or take a break.
I mean I did this with my PS4 and Vita and it worked perfectly fine. The only real issue I ran into it was the Vita did not have enough controls to get the mapping down. Other than that it ran flawlessly. This was at the start of the PS4's life cycle too.
Jesus that schedule sucks.
You might be healthy but what about that old lady you pass at the store. Or that kid with cancer you walk by. Just because ure healthy doesn't mean your selfish ass can't contract it and transmit it to people who can die. Go for a fucking walk or run and bench some of that self entitlement since it weighs a shit ton.
Stfu with this cha shit its fucking stupid.
My osrs account that uses an email had a recovery attempt.
Same as me unfortunately this season was probably the most lacking for me in terms of shows. Idk if I have watched under 6 shows in a season in 10 years.
I mean winter 2020 didn't lose 4 of its most anticipated shows like this season.
For some reason people hated the bount arc. I think it was the only good filler arc personally.
Its not dubbed and probably won't be. Edit: Ignore me
Hmm I thought that was just a sub release my mistake.
I believe that's on funimatiom who has pretty sub par subtitles.
Yea as much as I dont want to be a picky person the quality of subtitles 100% has an effect on enjoying the show. It might be a small effect but its still there.
It really just depends. I just tried to get into both Hunter x Hunter and Shippuden after not watching a shounen of that length in like 5 years. Needless to say the pacing was just far too slow for me so I am opting to just read the manga.
Thats true when you put it that way. But it still slows them down a tiny bit at least. Hopefully some more measures can be put in place soon.
They run in a straight line in 3 of the first 7 episodes. I legit tried to watch it but that made it a hard pass for me.
Irregular at Magic High? That's the only one I can think of with ice bullets. Could be this https://myanimelist.net/anime/130/Saiyuuki_Reload But damn if I'm the only one who saw it.
Personally I think its a better read.
Tis not that bad I enjoy the sub I mod. You also get to meet the other mods and make some good friendships.
The firefox extension is just so damn useful that I can't mod on my phone.
NGE being a 9 in 2020 is a disgrace. Sure it might have been groundbreaking 30 years ago but shows have done it better rip your list.
It just depends on how many series they have seen. I am at 28 10s but have seen 500 shows. I also adjusted my list a few days ago and still kept 28 shows as a 10. One or two I could probably drop to a 9 but I enjoyed them enough for a 10.
Def not 13+ its atpeast 17+
Yea the manga was super bad. One of the few that actually pissed me off.
A few people have now used homophobic terms in regards to answering why he can't use this word in character creation. I would like to reiterate that we DO NOT allow the use of these words in anyway shape or form on the subreddit. Please keep that in mind when commenting.
Honestly you are better off just continuing to quest. Unless you completely botch something you should have 100g for your first mount. Grinding mobs at 30 on a warrior is extremely slow.
Unfortunately Warrior is one of the worst classes to level. It is gonna be a struggle for a long time.
Its a fun class to play for sure and super fun at high level it just has little to no self heals. Its just a slow grind as a warrior.
Please never post like that again.
It is def worth the watch. I normally dislike dubs but the Cowboy Bebop dub is on point. I'd say it is one of the few shows that I would say is a much watch for pretty much anyone.
It isn't really your fault. I have seen close to 500 shows and if it is a lackluster series or just a series that is okay I don't ever remember the majority of characters. Back when I first started watching in the early 2000s id remember nearly every character in a show. But the harder it is to remember imo.
Id say its one of if not the best shows in the lat 10 years. I have seen 500+ shows and I still rate it as my best.
Mages really screw with my hunter I tend to avoid them like the plague.
I really enjoyed it I thought the characters were great the story was solid. Despite me liking it as much as I did I do think it was overhyped and people praised it more than it was.
Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood Code Geass Cowboy Bebop These are my 3 go to dub shows. He may not like subs now but if he starts to enjoy anime it is almost a guarantee that he will stick with subs to enjoy more of it.
https://myanimelist.net/anime/21561/Ryuugajou_Nanana_no_Maizoukin_TV
NP it was one of my favorite of the season. Id have hoped to have seen a sequel by no but sadly no dice. Still worth the watch its super good.
It is a mecha anime that is somewhat slice of life that blends the two genres together really well. I highly recommend it to newer anime watchers since one the dub is fantastic and two it just has a solid story.
I'd like to nominate my response as the fastest sauce on the sub at just under a minute :)
Runescape over the 19 years I've played in sitting near 20k hours.
Idk what reviews you've read that say the translations garbage for danmachi. I have read both series to the current LN and the only difference is they change ryus name to lyu or vice versa I can't remember. The LN for danmachi is fucking fantastic and I mean it destroys the anime out of the water. There really is no comparison both the main series and oratoria is better. And that doesn't just hold for danmachi most LNs I've read are better than the anime. There are a metric shit ton of LNs that continue the anime series. One of the big ones is the devil is a part timer the anine goes to volume 2 of the LN, which is on k believe 16. I read LNs for two reasons to continue with stories that I have enjoyed. And secondly to find new stories, I have seen a lot of anime so branching out has allowed me to find new series I enjoy.
I agree with you on this one but I have somewhat valid reasons. By the time I got around to watching it I was 400+ series in. I am sure the show was a masterpiece when it aired and it paved the way for a lot of series. But by the time I got around to it I had already seen shows that have done it better so it was literally just bland to me.
Your [submission](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/hfla1e/-/) has been removed for Rule 4. &gt; **Do not share or encourage the use of exploits, cheats, private servers, or other illicit game behaviour.** Yea this is not the kind of discussion we want to have on our subreddit. Please take the time to review our [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/wiki/rules). If you feel this was done in error, or have any questions, feel free to send us a [Mod Mail](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23classicwow&amp;subject=submission+removal&amp;message=https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/hfla1e/-/).
Mind Pming me what was different about endorsi. I truly tried reading the first season like 4-5 times during the shows airing but I couldn't get over the weak and offputting art style (100x better in season 2). I am already pretty far into season 2 so I am not willing to go back.
Considering the fact that the semester is most likely going to be online probably never. I'd try to find a way to get out of on campus housing if I were you.
Yes it probably will. Cooper already delayed phase 3 NC cases are drastically rising especially in Charlotte. In the current state there is no way in hell they will have in person classes.
Read the LN. The anime covers books 1-3 where is the LN js on 16. Its so much better than the anime was. It's a completely different beast.
What is reasonable. I have one that ill sell as a bundle with like 9 of the more popular games, a pro controller never used, ring fit, and the skull and co grip case and some amiibos. I think I used the switch around a dozen times just couldn't find a game I liked.
0 to none there has been enough content for 3 to 4 more seasons for a long while now. I recommend just reading the manga because it goes into immense detail and explains so much more.
I watched it nearly 10 years ago do dont remember most things about it. What i do remember was I thoroughly enjoyed it.
The adaption was extremely poor. Def worth reading the LN its way better.
Ummm no that's not how the world works. Do you think every Hollywood movie gets dubbed?
