Please try to ignore my flair, but Oshie definitely does. Edit: [Oshie talking about "Tom being taken away from us" during playoff suspension](https://twitter.com/Tarik_ElBashir/status/992082284881866753?s=19) &amp;nbsp; [“There was no penalty,” Oshie said according to The Washington Post. “The discipline, I think it’s pretty extreme. I think it’s very extreme, actually.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/am) &amp;nbsp; [“We just had a meeting with Player Safety and with all the things they said, really makes that look like a hit that they want to keep in the game,” Oshie said.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/oct/3/tom-wilson-suspended-20-games-latest-transgression/)
“I don’t think you can talk about eliminating head shots from the game, as we have as an organization, and not expect (Cooke’s hit) to be examined,” Pittsburgh coach Dan Bylsma said. “It’s what looks to be a contact right to the head on the play, so the league will look at that and treat it as such.” Matt Cooke's actual coach https://www.thestar.com/sports/hockey/2011/03/21/penguins_matt_cooke_suspended_for_rest_of_season.html
Not quite as entertaining as the ACC Title game.
https://twitter.com/smckillop59/status/1068620847131316224?s=19
I think it has to be Oklahoma. They got to avenge their close loss, and won the conference title. Ohio State has better wins, but a far worse loss. Georgia had their shot to get in. Don't blow a 14 point lead. (Where have I heard that before?)
I am here though for Jim Delaney being wildly upset that his conference champion was left out two seasons in a row while forgetting that he went out of his way to not beat his chest for his conference champion in 2016.
This is what it should be. Instead, the Coastal division champs had 8 yards passing. Either make ND be in a conference or let them be completely independent. This half-measure is stupid.
They're in the Big Ten for the second best sport, though.
We're all the winners here.
Are we trying to talk trash on 13 time Champion Penn State?
Cats!
Definitely the new stadium.
At least lately, Penn State has been a half-decent team up and down the roster buttressed by a few superstars we were fortunate enough to have. This year, we've started to see young talented players stepping up to take the total team talent to a higher level.
Ref was fired for the same mistake earlier in the season.
It's just a complex because even though Franklin has a bad record against Harbaugh, he's reached the top of the conference whereas Harbaugh to date hasn't. He's also beaten Michigan's top rival.
I view conference championships as an extra data point. Both Georgia and Ohio State finished 11-1. Both finished high enough to qualify for their conference title game. One won and one lost. There's the obvious caveat that Georgia was playing #1 Alabama, but in general, that's how I consider conference title games.
That's sort of how college hockey does it. Conferences get an auto-bid for their conference champion, and the rest of the 16 slots are filled in linearly by the "Pairwise" which is a computer ranking. There is some fluidity, as conference champions are often high enough to be included either way, which lets an additional at-large team in. There's no subjectivity.
No worries. My argument was just as much, "it's bull that ND has to play randomly assigned half an ACC schedule" as it was the other way. My biggest thing to admire about Notre Dame is how they constantly schedule tough. This half ACC thing could really bone them in a year they draw weak opponents.
Buddy, Franklin posted a tweet about Penn State's glass ceiling shattering African American player dying and there was STILL a Michigan fan in the replies throwing shade at him.
Heads up... if you are going to order one for a significant other, watch your mail! My wife got me one as part of my Christmas gift, but it came Saturday and right on the front says "contains one Pens and Paws calendar."
Mississippi State vs. Iowa will be the only bowl game where one coach is holding a pickaxe in a postgame picture for no apparent reason. https://twitter.com/billdifilippo/status/973333627005267969
That OP seems like a cultured dude.
I benefited hugely when they did that in the form of a very cheap lease. $150 a month for a near $40,000 truck. The Chrysler group was tired of losing big in the commercial world to Ford, so they split "Ram" off as their commercial brand and expanded their line on Sprinter-like vans, as well.
Seems like a good candidate for Sergei Gonchar's Island of Misfit defensemen.
YGM eating jet sweeps like they were candy.
This is for the Taco Bell promotion.
"Damn, forgot to change my rankings!" -Franklin (This actually happened with an AP voter when VT lost to ODU)
http://promo.espn.com/espn/contests/tacobell/2018/index Reading it, it looks like the live mas student section thing is for 3000 seats, but only at the College Football playoffs games. That's where I get a little confused... The 4 remaining teams per the site are Clemson, Penn State, LSU, and A&amp;M, only one of which is actually in the playoffs.
I know. He tried similar things this year when we didn't have half a team. Didn't work!
Nice benefit from the new 4 game redshirt rule.
I wrote below that it may only be for the playoffs. Not sure exactly. The link I posted doesn't provide a ton of detail.
Ohio State has never been defined only by a coach. It's an admirable quality.
With everyone responsible in prison or a grave. It's not like they had Paterno pacing up and down the sidelines.
I'm guessing 6 million per would be the floor.
I agree. It will pass though.
My assumption is they are financially rewarding his loyalty. Plus, $6 million isn't what it used to be in college coaching circles.
Just get rid of divisions. I saw SB nation did a mock up... Protect 3 matchups per team, rotate the other 10 teams around for the remaining 6 conference games.
9000%
I want to play Texas, too. Everyone should want to play Texas. I had a Pitt reporter tell me that a Pitt Penn State series is more interesting than Penn State Texas, citing Texas' ho-hum record recently, as if they aren't a top program in the history of college football.
(Ignoring Maryland, a conference foe) Alabama away was 2010. They played at Virginia, I know, in 2012, and are still owed a reciprocal game. The UCF "home" game of a home and home was in Ireland, so that's a no go. They have VT and Auburn lined up in the future, which I'm excited about.
Haha I'll probably keep it. I have some matching jerseys if I ever have kids.
Thanks!
My man.
I'll still try to scoot over. Will not be nearly as easy.
Ah thank you
I'm planning on watching the App State game again soon. It's an important win against a good team, looking back. It's a "Legend of Trace McSorley" game.
A Juwan Johnson redemption tour could be a very big factor in 2019.
Man, Gattis being hired would even further unite Appalachian State and Penn State.
Last game of the Pitt series for the foreseeable future.
Almost like he has this exact experience in college, where he also ran behind a substandard O Line :(
Not showing enough concern over the Trade Federation's blockade at Naboo.
Boy George
Man, I really liked Joe before you posted. Obviously kidding. His pictures are some of my absolute favorites.
This is a small focus answer, as I generally enjoy the Penn State Pitt series: I was working in Pittsburgh the day then Pitt Penn State renewal was announced. There was palpable buzz and I was extremely excited. Now, I work outside DC. The top fanbase is definitely VT, with UVA, James Madison and Penn State all right behind. Lots of Big Ten representation, as a whole, actually. The day the Penn State VT series was announced, I had no less than 8 or 9 VT alums swing by my desk or message me saying they were definitely coming to the game at Penn State. Those people, and I, were very excited for a series many have asked how it was possible that it hadn't been played yet.
Putting on my homer glasses... It would have better helped the team that won their conference and beat the division runner up head-to-head that actually did make the playoffs, only to lose 31-0.
Unrivaled ™
Notre Dame is in the Big Ten for the second best sport.
Hoping for the first of two Pittsburgh wins over Boston teams this weekend. (Who am I kidding? Steelers are going to get crushed.)
Wife works tonight. Looks like it's time to bring the basement TV to the living room for the wrestling match and Penguins game!
I usually watch, but it's mostly just my dad and I texting about them being terrible. Overall, they're the only NFL game I watch all week, but I'll watch any college game I can on Saturday. My wife outlined it best. She said I look like I'm on the verge of a stroke watching Penn State games on Saturdays, but sit back relaxed watching the Steelers. Their success doesn't matter that much to me.
I'd say Penn State fits your criteria, as well. Rip Engle 1950-1965 104-48-4 Paterno 1965-2011 409-136-3 (Obviously ended badly but trying to keep my post numbers-based) Bill O'Brien 2012-2013 15-9 with most expecting horrid seasons James Franklin 2014-Present 45-20
Paterno's wins were vacated down from 409 to 298 as part of the initial consent decree signed between Penn State and NCAA, as well as Tom Bradley's single win at Ohio State as interim coach, which I never understood because that win occurred after Paterno was fired. Later, Pennsylvania state congressmen challenged the NCAA's ability to move $60 million in fine money earmarked for child protection charities outside of the state where those funds were generated (a state where Jerry Sandusky was allowed to adopt six children, including one away from his biological parents and we later learned there was a significant Catholic priest pedophilia ring). The NCAA denied the Congressmen's request to allow the money to stay in Pennsylvania, leading the Congressmen to file lawsuit. During the discovery process, it was revealed that the NCAA was involved in the independent Freeh report that led to the Penn State sanctions, and the NCAA settled the lawsuit instead of having further internal NCAA documents revealed, backing off most of the Penn State sanctions, and allowing the $60 million to remain in Pennsylvania, as well as restoring Paterno's wins. &amp;nbsp; I would add that, in my opinion, vacating wins is a paper punishment and I haven't ever seen evidence to suggest that style of punishment is a deterrent to breaking NCAA rules. In this case specifically, it ended up being a punishment to living players and didn't have an effect on a dead man. Edit: not sure why you're down voted. You asked a legitimate question.
Paterno's early 2000 seasons should have been enough to do him in. The 2005 season probably should have been his last.
They should have made a deal to retire tied!
Constriction is probably more likely. The at-home experience is so good. Hypotheticals have Beaver Stadium dropping from 107k to 103k when they do a renovation.
I watched every App State game I could all season. It was quite a run!
He has more winning seasons there than the Texans have had without him. What is this dude smoking?
Lots of Steelers fans rooting for Bill O'Brien!
I'm now rooting twice as hard for the Browns.
He's still younger than guys on college rosters!
I had someone tell me once: "They'd count the police horses if they could." &amp;nbsp; Penn State's Pinstripe Bowl win over Boston College had a higher attendance than Derek Jeter's final game, for similar reasons, as the football roster and support staff is larger than baseball. I like to remind my Yankees fan friend this detail often.
My view is "Let people enjoy things." It looks like they're having fun. Screw the haters.
After he's done skiing!
Seemed like Franklin and Moorhead both got involved with him early before he blew up. I immediately thought Mississippi State would be a great place for him, but not sure Georgia would let him transfer in- conference. Edit: https://twitter.com/MichaelWBratton/status/1074830946761879553?s=19
Correct on both counts... But there have also been some tweets about Fields seeking immediate eligibility.
I saw that elsewhere in the thread. Great news.
This time I agree with him.
It's Anthony Morelli.
Sure!
Yesterday was my last day of work until January 2nd. What do I even do today?
My friend saw his favorite US hockey player on Tinder in Korea. Did not match. :(
I've received two cards over the years from the Red Cross with two different blood types. AB- when I was younger, and my current one reads A-. I would guess I didn't change.
If it helps, even with a win in Michigan, the National Title would have been USC and Texas, and Penn State would have gone to the Orange Bowl in all likelihood.
Has name is on the Stanley Cup twice as often as the Capitals.
Does Jagr get his number retired anywhere other than Pittsburgh?
The guy that's never won the college division he coaches in?
Patrik Laine has 23 goals and Mark Scheifele is right behind him with 22. They're the top team in the Western Conference!
It's a tax on having a good coach. If he sucked, you wouldn't see these stories, but then your team wouldn't be good. I think you prefer it this way.
I got a compliment on my PK shirt today.
Both DK and Pittsburgh Sports now are not worth posting here.
I just can't believe I've never seen it!
Exactly. If the appeals personnel can't be in to hear a suspension, it should be lifted until the appeal is held.
Yeah, and December 26 is a working day.
If the appeal process takes a definite time... Let's say 2 weeks, where it wouldn't matter, then that's fine. "No one is in the office" this week, however, isn't a reason enough to deny someone playing in a playoff game. Outside of college football, penalties are regularly deferred until an appeal can be held.
Absolutely, which is why I think the best action is for the NCAA to hear the appeal quickly.
I read that elsewhere in this thread. I would think it wasn't as pressing as this one.
It was supposed to be at the Superdome, but it was finished until the fall.
Yes, please.
If the opponent was another big fanbase, and local, like a certain flightless bird to the east, it absolutely would sell out.
Of course it doesn't make sense for the NHL to help financially. They looked into it, Penn State said it would take X dollars to get the stadium ready, and that wasn't the right move for the league. Beaver Stadium is a great place to watch a college football game. It's not great in any other capacity. The bathrooms are horribly outdated, the concessions need a complete overhaul, and it's generally just way behind the times.
I'd place Crosby being injured for a season and a half and uncertainty over him ever playing again only behind Lemieux's cancer and the death of Michel Briere in Penguins history.
Technically, that's my stadium and your stadium.
The $100 million donor for Penn State hockey's D1 team now owns the Sabres so it's not a stretch that he'd want them involved. The Sabres have played 2 preseason games in the last 3 years in the Penn Stage ice rink.
He's also proven to know how to play with Crosby, something guys that have a much higher pedigree than he does have proven is a challenge.
He's clueless on hockey.
https://www.elevenwarriors.com/ohio-state-football/football-game-posters/2014/10/42100/hot-off-the-press-penn-state-game-poster
It's not.
Penn State should have gotten in over Ohio State, which is a hill I'm prepared to die on in this short time before your thread is removed.
Big fan of his extra cheesy private plane commitment to Penn State... Then flipping to Michigan after the sleepover. He proceeded to miss the tying extra point early in Michigan's blowout loss at Penn State in 2017 which could have been injected directly into my veins.
Hiring a witch doctor to help with the Kinnick game.
I can do this all day.
It's impressive, to say the least.
Oh lawd.
BALL
Both years Penn State gets there, they manage to find the two most resurgent USC teams in ten years.
Vegas, baby.
Charlotte is driveable for me.
Jay Paterno.
I just need the aggregate teams in that stadium to understand that the block letters are better than the styled ones.
Burn
That's basically how I feel. The new ones are great, I just prefer the numbers from last year.
We are having a whole uni discussion in replies to my comment. The unis are good!
Belk Bowl, we love you!
Yeah, I'm sitting here thinking about trash talking my wife, who went to Wheeling Jesuit, but likes WVU.
You can take pictures OF it, but they'd like you to get your pictures WITH the Cup from the souvenir photographer.
I laughed very hard at that. They treat it almost like we do as fans.
They beat an all time great team 4-0. It will earn them a small but real place in history. That series will be brought up every year via a simple graphic as the President's Trophy team's series begins.
And it's predecessor... The Ducks wordmark with the feet was also bad. I don't like any primary logo that's a wordmark. The Capitals are the worst offenders. Basic letters on the front (but one's a hockey stick!), while one of the best logos in all of sports, the Weagle, languishes on the shoulder.
The color-matching logos on the jerseys are great.
Jayson Oweh, drop me in beer batter and throw me in the fryer.
Would make an excellent second mascot.
Skis, huh? They yours? Both of em?
He is wonderful. I have a blank away jersey I should be sending for customization this summer.
That is the only SCF game I've ever been to. Buddy almost didn't take the call from an old coworker who had the tickets. Standing room behind the lower bowl. Staal streaking towards us for the shorty. Insane.
Attempting to be unbiased, I thought that game was great either way it ended up. That 9 minute drive is in the dictionary under "Big Ten Football."
BSD wrote an article about it. Would be pretty huge to add at PSU.
Penn State: Whiteout Cool, cool. &amp;nbsp; UCF - Zombie Nation Well, hold on a damned second!
😇
I do generally like them.
I'm not sure how much of this is scientifically accurate (minimal?) or folklore (more likely), but they used to play it a lot more when I was in college in the late 2000s, and have dialed it back to less often per game because the harmonics of everyone jumping was harming the stadium. I love Beaver Stadium, but sometimes I'm afraid it's a medium-sized wind away from falling over.
I think it very much has to do with them saying Zombie Nation in the song.
I'd like to see that!
Can't be mad at Ohio State over that, but I was screaming at the officials. Replay wasn't working but there are these giant screens installed in the stadium that clearly showed the trap.
Yeah, I go through there any time I go back to my folks. It's very different than any time this gets posted. The little shortcut probably isn't great for a truck driver.
If he has the financial ability or the lawyer the heart to not let this one go, it could be a huge change to the system if a high enough court hears it. Fuck the NCAA.
Yeah, but Fields wasn't going to be the starter over a guy that took them to the National Title game. See, there's a difference.
We should individually email them. I'm going to email the lady from St. Francis, closest to my hometown.
Nah. Felton Davis.
Buddy and I are still rocking Moviepass. This is a perfect "Moviepass movie," as we like to say.
He ended up signing 3 days later, and said he regretted staying in his seat at the draft.
I think it ends up being a little bit of a strategic advantage now, but I probably would have been very sour if they did it when I was still in school. I was constantly 40 yard line and around 10 rows up. Prime seating.
He should have included you in the tattoo!
It's incredible at concerts now, too. Recently went to a big one and the girl in front of us must have recorded the entire thing, still as a tree as to not mess up her video.
It's a small market that ensured a time of economic recession. The city has rebounded nicely. If Gary was really playing with the lottery, Crosby would be in Montreal or Toronto.
Not from where we were sitting.
There would be no Pittsburgh Penguins.
Bull! For a good many years had a way to hold Heinz market research at our tailgates courtesy of an employee/alum.
Penn State stumbled early but then went on a 9 game winning streak, including the conference title game, which they qualified for. I've never seen one Michigan fan admit that Penn State earned that title, only that Michigan handed it to them.
Very measured comment. Penn State is losing some head to head battles against a top 5 all time program, that happens to be in their division. It's not the end of the world. They're still recruiting well. The teams have played 4 one score games in the past five, even with Ohio State's superior talent. Let's see how things go the next few years.
Michigan losing 2 of their last 3 counts but Penn State winning streak doesn't. Got it.
Purdue you're correct. They have one more win. Iowa? They only have 1, but don't play them often.
I think he was gambling that it would spark the team. Unfortunately, the gamble didn't pay off. Still, I'd rather have the guy willing to take a gamble over the coach that didn't know the players' names for the last ten years of his tenure.
I edited them in at least twelve hours ago.
&gt;PSU Stuff Not to mention a statue of a PSU HOF Running back catching the Immaculate reception beside a statue of George Washington. Sorry, probably doesn't help, /u/jeezlepetes
Same in the Northern Virginia.
Nope, he sucks and no team should look at him, ever. Good Altoona boy with a Southern accent. No reason to even interview him.
Agreed. Want the play in principle. Want a better play in practice.
6-6 was the record Penn State had in the worst depth year of the sanctions. They took 41 scholarship players to the bowl game. I somehow don't imagine that they'll repeat that record this season.
Brandt Fry
[Penguins tweet](https://twitter.com/penguins/status/1138447805725446150?s=19)
It was a really special season to watch them so far surpass expectations. Normally, when a team is good, there are at least some predictions that point that way. I've never had as much fun as a fan during the 2016 season.
Now that's a name I've not heard in a long time. A long time.
Wouldn't be the first time a GM said something deceptive to the media.
That's exactly it. For example, people were worked up about Fleming, but what exactly would he like about the WR coaching from last year? If Parker manages to turn around the disaster that was the Corley tenure, then we have something to sell.
Pitt is up there. Huge upsets over highly ranked teams, but a thousand UNC losses and an FCS loss. You never know what you're gonna get.
Would be a fun game to rank the coaches solely based on how they did at their previous stop. We have a few "rags to riches at lower programs" in Harbaugh and Franklin, a SuperBowl participant, a UFC National Title winner, etc.
Tom Haverford voice: "Everything's coming up Benjamins... and by Benjamin, I mean Franklin."
Parks specifically says in his post that he committed to early. The staff has a pretty hard position of not wanting committed players taking visits. I honestly probably prefer him opening his recruitment over just flipping late. If Penn State has the best position to offer him, he will re-commit. If he chooses another school, it will be in a more open fashion, and allow the coaches to adjust or target other players.
Hockey school!
I don't think you're a homer at all. There are arguments for both, but I definitely expected to see Dantonio over Franklin. I think Dantonio is a great coach. My biggest thing to look for going forward is how his past few years' success translates over into a time where Penn State and Michigan aren't in significant valleys.
Haha I'm leaving it.
I love him. I'm continuously surprised when I see for the first time in a while that he took over at 31.
Terrible coaches don't win their conference.
You're correct with what I was getting at.
Speed, speed, speed.
Either the 68/69/73 undefeated, uncrowned PSU teams or the 94 undefeated, uncrowned PSU team.
I think this would be a much bigger talking point on a consistent basis if Ohio State had performed poorly in the 2014 playoffs.
Weird triangle that year. Oregon St travelled to Happy Valley that season (never a return game, some rumor of a forgotten PAC/B1G challenge series) and was handily beaten. Then they beat USC, who has an easy time with Penn State in the Rose Bowl.
I have a shirsey but I want a jersey badly. Never really see them available.
I call bull on the "Paterno afraid of playing Pitt" claim. Just looked, and he was 23-7-1, including winning his first 10 games, and was on a 7 game win streak before the final game in 2000 that Pitt won. The loss of the series was an unfortunate byproduct of Pitt and Penn State joining different conferences. They played every season except a 4 year stretch in the 30s from 1900 until 1992. They have played 8 times (to be 9) from 1993-2019. Penn State joined the Big Ten and Pitt the Big East right around the time that the series died. Penn State shared an almost as storied rivalry with Syracuse (71 meetings) all those years, as well, with the series on hiatus for the same conference reasons, but people seem to forget that one. Credit to the Winsipedia page for these numbers. If anyone hasn't used it before, it's killer.
I'm partial to the Robert Morris Colonials, who were my college hockey team before we got one.
It works!
Will stand the test of time.
Plus, keeping our new trend going. A million game 7 finals losses for the away team around sports... Now 3 in a row Game 7 Cup wins for the away team. 09 Pens, 11 Bruins, and 19 Blues.
Seems like the "we don't want you taking official visits while committed" mantra is causing some of these.
Hey, this could be all they need to change it. I don't disagree with it in principle.
Thanks
I know it's many coaches and ADs later, but Heather shot down any notion that there was a 2 for 1 offer on the table in current times last week when she was on the Fan.
30 rack of Keystone was sub $15 by my place in college.
Need to add archery!
Go check out the bowling alley in the basement of that one strip mall in Dormont.
https://www.umuc.edu/
Hingle McCringleberry
Some people just really like pet names and their use to show endearment. I think the names on the surface are fine, but it's probably worth a talk just to make sure you're lined up with the pace of things.
I think the Diner is gone.
He's seeing at least double.
Bikini is correct. They even have a grilled stickies ice cream at the Creamery, now. It's excellent.
I like a lot of their writers, but it just seems semi-difficult to have a discussion when not all have access.
&gt;Jim Harbaugh is due I reject this notion in all of sports, that someone can be "due."
&gt; Let the man ~~win a Big 10 Championship Power 5 Conference Division outright beat his primary rival drink his milk deliver a calf in peace~~ give shoes to the Pope before throwing that level of expectation on him.
Thankfully, the division title is not awarded for single games, but an overall season performance.
Penn States defense had more sacks in that game than Ohio State had allowed all season to that point!
Good post. Thank you.
Statue in the Pittsburgh airport beside a statue of George Washington
It's for dexterity! He's way more active than the "large animal head on a 00 jersey" mascot. &amp;nbsp; [Better than this one, too.](https://sxmfeed.files.wordpress.com/2016/10/willie_800x450.jpg) He looks like Hermione when she took the cat hair polyjuice potion.
I wrote a paper about him in elementary school. Super unique circumstances all around for his presidency. Seems like a good guy.
Not Rocky Maivia?
The old Nittany Lion costumes are some of my favorite pictures ever.
edsbs: There is no weird college football twitter, it is divided into three different camps: 1. Casual fascists 2. Actually deranged 3. Penn State fans tweeting things like “Trace McSorley kill me with a shovel daddy” https://twitter.com/edsbs/status/1081232936492503040 That said, I answer yes.
That's actually the way to get cheap tickets for the PSU games either way. I have season tickets, but there's an option when you list to have the price decline the closer the game gets. I suspect there are people that only have tickets to sell because the arena is small. You can usually find tickets for face right before if you're willing to be patient. These NHL tickets are not included in the package, but STH can opt in to purchase. I'm not sure if they have offered a public sale the past years.
Almost looks like Hancock county in West Virginia.
Preseason games, in general suck for TV. I even pay for NHL.tv, but don't get most of the preseason games.
Good answer, but I was trying to keep it non-football.
A lot of shit.
Vividly remember where I was for that game. I was at a bar at Penn State with a friend who had taken a liking to Nevada. I thought that was Boise State's last true shot before the CFP. Colin Kaepernick was Nevada's QB. What a game.
Appalachian State, for sure. I think I might have missed one of their games last year. I was also close to throwing up in the stands while watching them nearly beat Penn State. I also have an FCS crush on James Madison. They're my "local" team now, I guess you could say.
Actually saw a Pittsburg State alumni sticker on a car today.
I also subscribe to the "mind your own business" if someone else refers to their team as "us or we." It's common vernacular. Let people enjoy things.
I understand that. When the entire stadium can see clearly, the announcers can see clearly, the people watching on their TVs can see clearly, but the referees cannot view footage that would allow them to make the correct call because their tiny screen footage is unavailable, the RULE is faulty. No fault on the refs, fault on the RULE. Also, they're not "helping my team out." No one is getting an unfair advantage. The correct call was prohibited due to a faulty rule. In NCAA wrestling, the replay footage is identical to the broadcast footage... so some rule prohibiting the same access because it's a different sport is the difference.
I don't think I typically say "we" except for "We Are!" but thinking of beating back the annoying people that would call you out is almost making me want to start saying "We."
Kind of a wordy article, but the quotes from Franklin are pretty revealing. There was a thread a few weeks ago where I saw some comments that people didn't even know he was African American. He's biracial, to be specific. It was interesting for me to read his views from his upbringing, where head coach of a large college team wasn't even something you'd consider with his background. Edit: Took "politics" out of the title, I think it's causing the story to not post. Not sure why the author included it. The story comments on Franklin's preference to not talk politics
There were maybe 4 or 5 comments I saw on a thread where people said they honestly didn't know. He has a pretty fair complexion, so it's probably an easy mistake to make.
2016 felt like they couldn't be stopped (even though they were down to the Lightning 3-2) and the 2017 team felt like there was no way they could keep winning, but proved they could over and over.
Was expecting Iowa Penn State 6-4 :(
I remember seeing a friend's ex on TV. He was arrested for killing a girl over weed and laughably hiding the evidence they used to convict him.
Congrats on the future sex.
I'm pretty sure that's what this one is. I maybe shouldn't have bought it, but now have a 16, 17, 18, and 19 bottle to choose from.
BTN is good for showing replays of non-revenue stuff in the summer. It's great to just keep on in the background as I do things around the house.
I've got one hidden away for big events.
I'm in for the last one. Iron Maiden in Brooklyn, but I'm trying to see them closer to me 2 nights before, as well. We've already gone to two country concerts this summer.
I've never really been a fan of any team, although I definitely enjoy going to baseball games. Figured I might even start watching the Nationals now that I live nearby... and they suck too. I've only watched live baseball this year, zero innings on TV. VERY weird going into the first night of the NHL draft where the Penguins actually have a first round pick. I'm very excited for it.
Would be absolutely fine with it.
Hopefully he's had time to cool-off from his post playoff comments.
49-0 over Temple in Lincoln Financial field. Went with my girlfriend who went to Temple. Tickets were literally free. Stadium was mostly PSU. Temple guy dropped a wide open TD in the end zone that hit him in the facemask. Thought a kid from my high school missed an XP distance kick, but the Temple site had the kicker's numbers wrong, so it was someone else. They got us back, though. Part of Christian Hackenberg's soul is imbued in that field. He should have gotten an Eagles Superbowl ring.
All else equal, I want the croots with fun names. Amani Oruwariye is an all time great.
Lots of teams get wrapped into "this assistant is going to help" talk every off-season, but if he is any way competent, it will be a huge boost in the WR room.
I think he's referring to the Ohio State people revelling in the players that decommitted, not necessarily the ones that chose Ohio State. But even then, it's fine. Ohio State people are fine to hope the team they face every year isn't getting a player.
Strength and conditioning has been a huge bonus under Franklin.
No more interested in USC than Narduzzi is in Purdue.
I mean, that's accurate. Not sure why your score is negative.
They did this last year. Had a monster day all at once. Seem to be very good getting commits from OVs.
I had to go through training to be a volunteer coach for a club sport team that I was on the year after I graduated. I think it's a good move to increase the number of mandatory reporters.
The 13th data point is important. Missing out also was a factor in the Big 12 adding a CCG, which is think is good for the long-term chances for a Big 12 team to get into the CFP.
Does this include a win over Ohio State, then? Trying to stay impartial, I would like the result of a premiere game in the sport to be a little more up in the air. Start winning a couple, would ya?
Not going to put a record, because there's a decently wide range possible, but we'll be to a point where the team is talented enough in a well-rounded fashion to cover for a new Quarterback, instead of the past few years of McSorley and Saquon dragging a team to higher heights than the team probably was.
Whoa whoa whoa. I didn't say anything of the sort. You're freaking out over my flair. You're very much mistaking my comment. I am missing a little bit of the excitement over one of the premier games in our sport. It's not as fun for the sport when one team is so dominant.
I'm praying that Franklin is to Ferentz as Ferentz was to Paterno.
Pretend you don't like Michigan or Ohio State. Their standing in the conference doesn't have any impact on your team. You're a Boise State fan. It's the Saturday after Thanksgiving. You sit down with a bowl of turkey and get ready to watch one of the biggest games on the entire calendar. You don't want a game that seems determined from the beginning, as the results have shown lately. &amp;nbsp; Now, granted, many of these games have come down to the wire... But this year especially wasn't very fun for me to watch. I was really expecting to watch an invigorated Michigan defense really play a stellar game against Ohio State. What we got was "more of the same," which is a quote from a friend that's very into college football. I'm looking forward to the next time Michigan wins, because it will be a huge shot in the arm to the rivalry.
Apologies if it translated poorly. Definitely not the intent.
Penn State's X-factor is the QB. Big, if true.
Chad Henne to Mario Manningham on the last play of the game in 2005 is what breaks an undefeated season. Still, USC and Texas play for the title, and Penn State likely still ends up in the Orange Bowl. Either that or the last one Ohio State scored in 2017. Decent shot at the playoffs.
We also had to take him to the hospital after he fell down stairs before the 2008 Ohio State win riot. Picture me using Dunkin doughnuts napkins to mop up his bloody face on College Avenue while trying to get bystanders not to stop because I wasn't 21 yet. People think you've got the situation under control (which I did, to be fair) when you tell them you're an Eagle Scout.
Yeah. He was silly. Also likes the Jacksonville Jaguars. Not sure why you would do that to yourself.
It's like a cheat code. Also stopped the questions from a girl's dad when you were picking her up for a date. I'll take my degree off my resume before I remove Eagle Scout from the bottom.
Only if it was 40s of Genesee.
Hear me and rejoice! You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Clemson. You may think this is suffering. No... it is salvation. The universal scales tip toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile... for even in death, you have become children of the Tigers.
Mediocre Pitt team was the only team to beat a Clemson team in their house. That Clemson team also played Ohio State that year. And it wasn't a fluke that Ohio State allowed more sacks in that game to the Penn State D line than they had allowed combined in all previous games that season. Did you know Ohio State benefitted from more special teams turnovers than Penn State? Ohio State just scored fewer points from them.
11 teams. Just like the good ole' days of the Big Ten.
That's a great one.
IT'S VERY LITERALLY THE ONLY BASEBALL I'VE WATCHED ON TV THIS YEAR.
I hope he's as fast as a Ferrari
Does that van still shuttle people there?
Need to retire his number.
Zip-line from Oakland to the North Shore.
The whole damned thing is a medium-sized wind away from falling over.
Twinkie game. All yellow v all white.
I don't mind the uniforms but it's not the best considering the opponent. Black would have made it high contrast. Black v white. The Undertaker v the Heartbreak Kid, Shawn Michaels.
I thought that too. Would look great!
Or as kid me called it... Penn State vs the Steelers. The black and yellow stripes in the stadium were incredible. I agree, though. The uniforms were great. PSU at home against the away Iowa uniforms looks very clean, as well.
That's because it's a nighttime murder hellscape.
In my opinion, that's every year.
Ok. Cool. #HookEm
After a million weekends in a row of travel or working on big projects, I am very excited to do freaking nothing this weekend. Leaving work in like 30 minutes and considering lunch beer.
It's the Finals and the last two teams in are "house beer" or "restaurant beer."
She only tolerates my college football fervor so much. She is full-in on the insane hockey fandom, though.
Tuxedo in the summer!!
Great explanation. I never thought as much about depth before our team was so thin in the years following the sanctions. Lose a starter and you're screwed.
7 guys in 8 days is a pretty good run! Edit: 8!
Which was honestly very impressive two years in a row.
I wasn't loving it!
Prime moving to one-day delivery on Franklin's snake oil has made a big difference.
The 2011 one is sort of hollow/transitional. Even Steelers secondary coach Tom Bradley won in Columbus that year.
Please.
I mean, I'll take it. Tom Bradley is 1.000 against Ohio State and the game was in Columbus. Best Penn State coach ever.
That was really bad, although I would have loved those jerseys with red numbers instead of black. Penn State played a grey Purdue there once too. So hard to watch.
I'm a Penguins fan, but have been watching 40-50 Coyotes games a year since about 2010. I have an original Kachina and older brick jersey. I'm very sad to see him go, but silver lining is he ended up with the Yotes. I live near DC now and already told my boss I want his tickets for Coyotes night. I'll probably be there in a new Kachina Phil. More reasons to watch!
So people don't think I'm someone just lurping in here. Why do you care?
That's awesome, thanks!
Let he who has never been in a bar while underage after 10pm cast the first stone.
It was so bittersweet. We watched most of that game in the rain delay of Penn State Michigan State. All the while knowing that the door was opening, then having to watch rainy East Lansing witchcraft slam that door closed.
&gt;Penn State misses a bowl game. I know this is supposed to be hot takes, but this one is really spicy. They would have to win fewer than 6 games, which would be fewer than the worst depth year of the sanctions, 2014. That season, Penn State went 2-6 in conference and 41 scholarship players travelled to the Pinstripe Bowl. How can anyone think they'll have worse results with a stellar defense and some incredible skill players on offense? I appreciate that for a few years it was "Trace McSorley isn't that good and is a byproduct of Saquon and 50/50 balls" and now it's "Penn State wins 5 games without their superstar, Trace McSorley.
I think you're right. His biggest knock is his size and he ain't getting any taller. NFL GMs are intoxicated with speed.
Looks like his parents are running the show. He tweeted a bunch of gator emojis the other day and the his same account replied with something like "excellent business decision. We're proud of you!" Looks like they didn't appropriately switch accounts.
Plus, the idiots running the NHL think that this is a good timeslot for the Winter Classic.
Quality loss intensifies. Nice job with the win, Minnesota! You are the single Big Ten team I'm cheering for today.
BOAT
&gt;I appreciate "quit whining"
Yeah. So?
I think you misunderstand. I loved the TD.
Ah, gotcha.
It's good. The group is talented, but pretty stinking young. We'll definitely benefit from his experience.
He can't do that! Shoot him, or something!
The way the sunset was reflecting off of Oregon's helmets was 🍆🍆
Evil mastermind shit.
We all get a trophy. 6 of them, battered and covered in coconut and lightly fried.
The year every Big Ten team won except Michigan was pretty great, tbh. Still, I only rooted for Minnesota today.
When did I forget them?
YESTERDAY'S BIG TEN RESULTS WERE PERFECT, IN MY OPINION.
Me, immediately mad that it wasn't Penn State before I enlarged the picture to see his wonderful smile.
Even my immediate family bought it!
It still amazes me that McSorley was a 3* safety prospect with no QB offers save for Vanderbilt with Franklin.
Very uneven 3-2 at that.
You know, it takes a lot of nerve to spend a beautiful evening with someone and then never call them again. I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because I felt something that I haven’t felt in years, and now I know it was the taste of betrayal.
The way the purple sunset reflected off the Oregon helmets was pure bliss.
His grandkids have every chance to head to Happy Valley as they do Columbus.
What makes you say that?
That's not nice.
I was really hoping someone would post this story. People can write truths to whatever shortcomings existed under Moorhead on the field, but I can be happy to see a guy who gave my program a lot spread goodwill in another city. Very proud of Joe Moorhead.
It was lower level, for sure, but Moorhead was the Fordham HC before taking the OC job at Penn State.
Other submissions would be the kick return against Ohio State in 16, or the fumble against Ohio State in 2005. My personal submission would be the Saquon touchdown to start the 2017 Michigan game. I thought I was going to fall out of the stadium.
Or he could kick back and relax a year and maybe have more options for jobs. Either way, it will likely work out for him.
This will be the first ever meeting between the Hokies and Nittany Lions. The return game is not until 2025, unfortunately, as Penn State has an Auburn series and WVU series in between.
I believe in you, Peter!
Helps when you're the only place that wants to recruit a 3* safety to play quarterback.
Cries in Northern Virginia.
That's pretty much why I didn't go, although I had a free place to stay if we went to Pasadena.
680,000 alumni living in a city of 42,000
GRANT HALEY
While at the beach this year, there was this huge teenager running QB practice stuff with his dad. Great arm, crisp footwork, etc. His dad had an ND hat on as they played around. Then his (assuming) grandmother came over to say hi to mine and the Pittsburgh accent was as thick as I've heard and I started connecting the dots, thinking there was a chance it was Jurkovec. It ended up definitely not being him, but it was interesting the way my mind turned it. Not that ND dads in Pittsburgh are a rare thing.
I confuse that too, because he has family about an hour south of Penn State that I went to high school with. I think his grandparents are close, too.
We can be friends.
The lateness sucks, too. I'll be honest. I'm not concerned about the west coast viewers.
Concrete shoes and dropped in the Ohio.
Love the details to both guys: Journey is the least pedigreed of our 4 running back rotation. Micah had never played Linebacker before arriving at Penn State two years ago.
My old man likes one team; the Steelers. He used to go to games when I was a kid, but I bet he hasn't been to one in twenty years. The in-home experience is too good. What I find funny is that he actually really enjoys going to Penn State games with me, even though he probably doesn't care about the team past obviously preferring they win so I'm happy. I think he likes the tailgating experience with the food and music and all my dumb friends from college much more than he cares about the game. The whole day is an event, not just the 1-4 on Sunday Steeler game that he enjoys.
He does have the Superbowl record for longest TD run...
I'm sort of hoping that 87 and 71 go up together.
My response to that is that the Steelers under no condition were planning to hire Mike Tomlin, but interviewed him under the Rooney Rule. He crushed the interview and has led them to a period of success. All he needed was the opportunity.
Don't both teams get rings? Plus they get Peach and Fiesta Rings. Still cool to say.
I like this thing where we're both in the top ten. Let's do it again. Also, Minnesota top West division team!
Big win and big jump!
The score would say otherwise.
Extremely underrated player, at least in my view.
Illinois?
Do we think it's tied to this? https://wjactv.com/news/local/penn-state-investigates-assault-claims-made-by-football-player
I'm not surprised that players are responding. I am surprised who is responding; big time leaders of the team. I am sure hazing can happen in even the most tight family-style knit environments, but nothing about this matches the culture of the team.
It's almost as if there are new people in power and previous powerful men who didn't act on child sexual assault went to jail if they didn't die first.
I understand that in general. I do have a hard time thinking the team that came out in loving support of their teammate who received a racist letter is also the put your balls on the underclassmen team.
I mean, it was widely celebrated when that kid lost his job and they were publicly ridiculed. No one was rooting for those idiots.
Put this defense with the 2016 offense.
I'D LIKE TO INTRODUCE YOU TO THE VERY WONDERFUL GAME OF SLIDEY DISC. IT IS HOW I COPE.
Which is how they actually handled some of the Sandusky related claims; paying settlements without challenge. Questioning even one would have been PR suicide, so paying ends up being the suggested legal response. If I'm not mistaken, they paid to a case where Kevin O'Dea, who's currently with the Saints, was to have been a supposed witness to abuse, even though the event occurred several years before he was hired at Penn State. Edit: For the record, I believe the majority to be legitimate. The example I gave is one that's easily refutable, but was paid.
I think the specifics are the pertinent info here. Making freshman get your laundry or taking their clothes; camp type stuff is probably something you make the team run sprints for. The sexual allegations would be a significantly larger problem, of course, and if they were true an ignored, severe punishments would be appropriate.
Someone better post that Mandalorian thread, quick.
Not bad. Strong beast. Required a force user and a Mandalorian to defeat.
Just wondering, if you had to pick a regional hockey team, would you lean towards Dallas or St. Louis?
Lots of end of the Paterno era vibes (obviously not including the scandal). Just general malaise from an older coach unwilling to adapt.
When I look back, it's almost unbelievable that they were able to have good seasons in the late 2000s when Paterno wasn't even going to people's houses on recruiting visits and the program in general was on cruise control. Says a lot about guys like Bradley and LJ Sr.
Honestly, the "playoffs or bust" mentality is what's bad about college football. Do I want my team in the playoffs? Of course. My team has never made the playoffs, but I can think back to a pile of ultra fun seasons that are why I enjoy college football. My pro team is the Steelers, winners of two Superbowls in my lifetime, but I'd take Penn State's 2016 season over either of those two Superbowl seasons in an instant.
There's a 9 and 99 display for Howe and Gretzky right now, which is pretty great.
And student rush was born during the time when the team sucked. I didn't have my driver's license yet, but had some friends older than me that went often. Once, I didn't go because I was working and my two friends got glass tickets for $20 (cheaper then) in the old arena.
I have some friends that use their company's seats and it always sounds like a battle to even get ahold of them. I guess not all companies give them out in the same fashion.
I actually disagree. The dark years for the Penguins where they faced relocation matched up with a significantly recessive time for the city. The economy in town is on a major upswing and should allow the Penguins to spend after the Crosby and Malkin years. There were times in the late Jagr years where players had to buy their own sticks and the team was using credit cards they couldn't pay to get hotel rooms when they traveled.
Yep. They budget for 4 home playoff games.
My frustration is from how sometimes I feel like the only person in the world that loved having two great goaltenders. When Murray started, I wanted him to win and when Fleury started, it was the same. Not to mention that having two top-tier goaltenders was a massive part of the back to back Cup runs. Now, I want Murray and Jarry to succeed.
Good comment. The 9 game conference schedule makes it cyclical, too. 2019 had 4 conference home games. 2020 will have 5.
I posted this in another thread about general attendance. My dad likes only one team; the Steelers. He never goes anymore, even though he did when I was a kid. He does, however, go to the occasional Penn State game with me even though he probably doesn't care that much about the team outside of preferring they win so I'm happy. What he does like is the "day" outside the game. Early morning coffee, grilling breakfast, drinking with my dumb college friends, tailgate games, etc. That's what keeps me and my friends going, too. The game is great, but the get together is better.
Half and half like the stitched jerseys you see parents wear.
Agreed. They had beer at the NHL preseason games at the PSU hockey arena. I think that's their test market.
Titusville
Hell for Hackenberg, but the bad lines were very much by design. Bill O'Brien didn't have scholarships for trench guys. Hackenberg died so future players could live.
Even I love Gritty. My friends got me a Sriracha Aioli "Gritty" sauce for Christmas.
Yeah, the years left is worth mentioning, but the actual salary value doesn't matter. On one hand, it's a metric that you can use to compare him to his peers. On the other hand, Michigan could pay him $20 million and it wouldn't really be anyone's business.
Imagine liking hockey.
Same.
The shoes caught my eye too. Slick.
Those Mission ones are great. You can buy different buckles or different color leather. I think the Miami one from the original picture was a Mission one from the NCAA line. Now, the question is why doesn't he have a Penn State one?
The good part is the watching the game part inside. The bad part is literally everything else. Looking forward to the renovation and hopefully a Winter Classic before I die!
They actually rolled the whole thing piece by piece to its current location on temporary train tracks from it's former location close to the center of campus.
Yes. He was a PSU quarterback before becoming a GA.
Not at all. I was just blissful watching that game, those views, those helmets.
It's a game I feel like I willed into existence with my complaints that it's never happened.
I sorta like Penn State's format. There are just a bunch of numbers on the luxury box. National titles, undefeated seasons, conference titles, and 2012 for the players who stayed when they could have left. Basically an "any years we want" display.
Friendly reminder that Micah Parsons never played linebacker before he got to Penn State. What a dude.
Why would any team think it was a good idea to schedule Appalachian State? /s
Available at Penn State hockey games, too!
The shipping is expensive because of the speed and dry ice, but hey, man. It's just money. You'll make more tomorrow.
I'm sorry, I couldn't tell you as I've never had it. I can tell you that I've never disliked a flavor, really.
Story by David Jones, Ohio State alumnus.
Off-season!
Sparty*
There's absolutely no reason that it won't be signed this off-season. It's worth the risk to Michigan to sign to show stability. If the wheels fall off and they want to fire him (which they won't and shouldn't), Michigan is filthy rich and can eat a buyout.
Good point!
Also, son of a bitch!
I'd ride a viking ship into a village and burn it to the ground with him.
Recently, for us I have two; both incompletions. What if DaeSean Hamilton catches a sure TD catch to complete a massive comeback against Pitt in 2016? 11-2 conference champions becomes a 12-1 CFP team. What if there isn't a 3 hour thunderstorm delay against Michigan State in 2017? / What if DeAndre Thompkins catches an easy 4th down ball that would have put Penn State in field goal range to take the lead? 10-2 team becomes 11-1 and has the chance to reverse Ohio State from 2016 getting into the playoffs.
It is very important that you specify which one.
Do you mean Penn State alum Elijah Robinson?
Yeah, that definitely a lesser one. Maybe better would have been stop god-mode JT Barrett in the 4th quarter.
Well, yeah. I have shared that in previous versions of this thread, but I was trying to keep this one recent.
Fuck the Flyers!
I imagine the big trophy softens the blow.
I work flex 9s so I have every other Friday off. I feel like at some point in our lifetimes, the 4 day work week could be pretty standard. There are certain groups at my company that do 4 10s.
A Pitt guy I know even referred to him as "dumb jock gym teacher" recently.
That's not really true at all. There are plants in Mexico, but many here in the United State. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hershey_Company#Manufacturing_plants
Rock voice: FINALLLLLY!!!!! ALABAMA RETURNS TO THE PLAAAAYOFFFFS
Black Helmets with a pink stripe to match jerseys for homecoming.
And a son of one of them floating around somewhere who came flying at me on twitter when I dared to criticize John.
Mean
Sold.
Seems like an awesome dude. Hope we get to see him continue to contribute on the field, as well, like last season even though he isn't the starter.
Counterpoint: 3 running backs in the backfield and we might not even need a QB.
Great post. There's definitely a subset of college football fans that uses veiled racism when talking about things like the turnover chain, or players dancing. We had that idiot mail in that he didn't like our players dreadlocks. Those people want players to toe the line and not express themselves.
It wouldn't surprise me either. If that's the case, he needs to have positive people in his corner that can coach him on what's appropriate. At my high school job, there was a guy who still used some 50s era terms for minorities that he had no clue were offensive. A few of us made sure to let him know that he needed to adjust his vocabulary in a big way, and he seemed genuinely grateful for the input.
That's my brand. I did write on a different thread recently that I'd take hockey over football in an instant.
I've gone back and forth on this, but I don't think Kane calling him out publicly was the right move. It lessens the saturation of his statement. It's the pro league. Kane could have very easily (and I don't know, maybe did) get in touch with the Penguins and Crosby, urging him to speak up.
In a similar vein, I cast my vote for Christian Hackenberg. He could have broken his arm in 15 places and never thrown a pass, and I would still consider him the most important recruit in the history of the program. Without him, guys are committing in the safe manner that they did. Maybe O'Brien leaves after 1 year, allowing half the team to transfer. I think we overlook just how close the entire team was to falling completely apart. I'd walk over coals for Mauti and Zordich, because they went through the worst year in the program's history, but I think there's something to be said for coming into that situation as a freshman, compared to finishing a year. Good arguments all around.
Mugatu voice: "It's beautiful!!!"
Agreed. That's why I think they'll need to weave it into the athletic department in a larger scale before doing it with football.
They haven't been doing that in Virginia. It's like Mad Max in there.
Haha TJ Maxx of all places. They have practice jerseys online with Nike, though. They're like $30, I think. Fwiw, the one I got is definitely a practice jersey with big mesh and shoulders to accommodate pads. I ended up getting one that's a size or two big so it would be long enough that I wasn't showing off my midriff.
Yes. The dog whistle racism is definitely there. It's really curious how Penn State fans and rival team fans that don't like Franklin use some of the same criticisms that you hear from callers on Monday morning sports radio when they aren't happy with Mike Tomlin.
I think that college sports got off way easy in the kneeling conversation because the players are usually in the tunnels while the band plays the national anthem on the field. We would have seen some hall of fame level bad takes from college football fans.
Agreed. The twitter fans can be the worst because there's no moderation. Their team is the best, and your team sucks, but even if the game was close, they have to tell you how shit your team was that couldn't beat their way better team.
I grilled today. It was wonderful weather for it.
Haha I did not notice the typo. I was referencing the funny interactions he had with a Pitt media member during his recruitment.
Just logistically, the band is on the field playing the anthem, so the Football team often is not yet.
Can you tell me you've been satisfied with his response? The athletic department clearly is not, which is why he's making multiple, even if for PR purposes
Like that guy that did all the sailor cap mascot logos.
I like the block S, and Penn State even has one too, but they're great complimentary logos, not primary.
Adam Banks' dad is a shithead who wears his Hawks coat to the game where his kid is playing for the Ducks! Edit: Props to Charlie in D3, though. He uses the creation of the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim as a real NHL team to try to get with the good looking girl. "They named a pro team after us!"
I think Holmes did not yet have a scholarship.
I have a white one my uncle got me at a game in maybe 2001 or so. It's obviously not the same crisp white it was, but I just found a replacement of the same hat on eBay that's brand new.
Extremely 90s.
Assuming they're on the 17 year cicada cycle, which I do, Pitt will next be in the top 10 in 2026, as their last visit was 2009.
Jeff Capel is a pretty awesome dude and his statements the last few weeks have been meaningful and pertinent. He'd definitely go for it on the 1 on 4th down, of this I am sure.
:(
Our own hockey conference
Wisconsin was an equal participant!
They existed in the agreement with the Big Ten (alongside Ohio State, Michigan, Michigan State and Minnesota) that when a 6th team joined, they would jointly create the Big Ten Hockey conference and accept the auto bid to the NCAA tournament, alongside increased BTN revenue.
Funny enough, I had an opposite feeling of dread one play earlier when PSU corner John Reid dropped and interception. Best drop ever.
Nah, you're good. No one said anything about Notre Dame.
Giant is common elsewhere, but near Giant Eagle territory, lots of them are called Martin's to avoid the relation.
I'd sign up for a VT loss in an otherwise undefeated National Championship season. I've heard that's how it's done.
The Blue Jackets
I expected our change to be boring, because the seal in the state flag is basically identical to the Penn State seal.
yep
You should just name buildings after Union officers that later become State governors. [James A. Beaver, namesake of our stadium](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_A._Beaver) Really, there's a pretty sizable Venn diagram of Union Officers / PA Governors / PSU Presidents, for which half of the streets and buildings are named.
Made $2.7 million so hopefully after agents and expenses he's got more than $1 million or he needs new money managers.
Paterno's teams always had the "clean cut" rule like the Yankees do. Moustaches were allowed but no beards. Short hair. It's not a rule that either O'Brien's or Franklin's teams have followed. Either way, the guy that wrote that letter to a black player with dreadlocks, but our punter who was trying to win world's worst mullet did not receive a similar letter.
And it's likely something that will be replicated at other schools, the whole way down to high school sports.
I actually think this will be common at most schools and even high schools sports. Was talking to a friend that has kids in high school baseball programs about it last night. Was not meant to be a flair shot, although my below comment was downvoted. https://www.reddit.com/r/CFB/comments/h8y7dt/coronavirus_returning_ohio_state_football_players/futj6wr
I've heard similar from people I work with about high school sports. I think it's going to be common.
I read the article prior to posting. From comments below, it looks like flair baiting, even though I believe most of FBS will do something similar. I did not edit the headline, allowing reddit to auto-suggest, but I wonder if people would be less upset if I had added Indiana in the title. And the USA Today tweet which originally led me to the story had a better toned headline: "Ohio State football players asked to sign coronavirus risk waiver before voluntary workouts. Via @USATODAY." Ended up posting the buckey site because the USA today link was shortened for mobile and the auto mod wouldn't allow it to post.
I think the whole NCAA model could be challenged if there are schools that have online only classes, but require the players to be there. To my knowledge, no school has stated that yet. It would be too early to make that decision.
I wrote elsewhere that the caption on the USA today tweet was better, but the auto mod grabbed the submission because it was a mobile shortened link. Ended up with this site when I requested the desktop view. I generally try to not edit titles when I submit, but this title didn't do the discussion any favors. Edit with the better title: "Ohio State football players asked to sign coronavirus risk waiver before voluntary workouts. Via @USATODAY."
Heinz is not expected to renew their naming rights that expire next year. Hunts expected to make a big bid, and the Steelers will fall to 2-14 for the future seasons.
They also don't play no one.
Shop 412 Field at Donnie Iris Stadium.
I don't think I know the dirty story there... Just that it is made of all the building stones from Pennsylvania and that it's close to the geographic center of the state.
103,000 was the number tossed around when they released that rendering following the facilities study.
I couldn't believe how many PSU fans were there. Really awesome pregame atmosphere around the stadium, but I felt a little bad when it emptied out so early.
American Eagle Field at Rita Morgan Stadium.
The rivalry week games come back in a few years, for a limited time only!
I work with a guy that played at W&amp;M. He's nice.
Municipalities make many of them mandatory during roadway improvements for driver safety.
I'm aware. I've been.
There have been a ton of improvements as utilities switch from mercury and sodium vapor to LED in terms of upward light pollution. New heads are specifically chosen to minimize that. Utilities will have graphic representations of the output if you're interested. I do know there's also some care being given to the light temperature. I've seen some truly horrid blue white lighting on highways in other states recently, but when we were in Hawaii, most of the streetlights were an ugly yellow, and I was told that was a conscious temperature choice.
And the hockey team hosting in Allentown!
Give me a 6'5" Trace McSorley and let's fucking ride.
Nixon screwing Penn State to try for southern votes is a pretty good one.
The victorious side gets to choose what's treason.
Pennsylvania and Penn State use a nearly identical seal. It's too busy.
Listen to your friend, Billy Zane. He's a cool dude.
Cries in Big Ten East
Big, dumb, and loud. A wonderful place to watch college football, but lacking in almost every amenity except a wall of sound to make teams take a timeout before their first snap of the game. I'll be happy to see the pending renovations even if they're a while out.
Corn? It's cow fields. I'm all seriousness, the way it's perches on a hill when you're coming into town is great. I think the horseshoe is a cool stadium, but topographically, it seems like it's even with the buildings around it. Been a few years since I was there, though.
I'm closer to the coast now, but when I drive back into State college from my parents place which is south of town, you get a pretty awesome view of one valley, cross the ridge it Happy Valley, and the views can be stunning. You don't appreciate even the small mountains until you're away from them.
I thought we were going to get NHL until the other day. I still think they'll try, but my confidence level has taken a real hit.
Not sure if the color was intentional, but in food service, most Band-Aids and latex finger protectors are royal blue so that they stick out if they end up in food. Better for someone to see a band-aid than eat one.
Insanely awesome.
Reading the article? In this economy?
Sounds like it's more about letting his family shelter in a different home from him, who will be in contact with dozens/hundreds of people per day.
WVU is Penn State's 3rd most common opponent with 59 games, after 71 with Syracuse and 100 with Pitt.
They were quarantined together at a condo in Colorado for the majority of the early months, so same idea here minus James.
It's more about them isolating from him, who will be around many people per day. They'll be able to hide out.
My high school literally wore Penn State's uniforms for a while, then switched to white Michigan helmets with blue wings, has the stolen LSU tiger eye at midfield that they apparently won a battle over, and now has a GT but just different enough to not infringe.
I don't want them to sacrifice his dexterity for modern/commercial looks.
Don't you dare speak of Matt McGloin in a bad tone.
My first thought, as well.
