They probably have a lot of extra staff from the holiday season.
Did you finish 2017’s yet? Don’t forget that!
Start with a budget, which means disciplining yourself through your own rules
Don’t let them win
Given that he was using the yarn to make a last minute Christmas gift for his gf, he probably doesn’t care enough about others
Isn’t it weird when you realize when you’re talking to some random person on reddit that there is a good chance they’re half your age? I didn’t notice this until the reddit April fools joke with chat rooms and people were doing a/s/l.
Will this trigger taxes? Would it be cleaner/easier to just buy bonds with the next 10k of investments made?
Now that I think of it, I bet the instructors are even extra helpful this time of year
You can always terminate through the agreement of both parties
I have lived cooperatively and see others raising families while living this way. It is certainly possible if you don’t mind sharing living spaces with others.
Would Alexa work since you need to have an app to use it?
Are eBay fees really that low? I sell only on amazon and mostly fba, so my minimum fee is like $5
Needs 👏 some 👏 claps
Why wouldn’t it be low class?
When you get delayed by an airline in EU, you’re often entitled to compensation. They will make this as difficult as possible. But after a year and a half of nagging, WOW Air just offered us a $750 voucher. Free trip to Iceland!
But that’s what /u/xreekinghavocx is for :P
I totally get his side. It’s a bit unusual but he was excited to get to pick out such an important gift and that joy was taken away from him. Imagine if your SO always told you exactly what they wanted for their birthday. Some would love that arrangement and some would hate it.
But why would that be too late? There is more to life than being young
Do you mean new threads or comments somewhere? I will look for it
Hello there! Your friendly neighborhood moderator has had to remove one or more of your posts / comments. From our rules: "No self-promotion. No links to your blog or business ventures. No affiliate links or referral links" Please take a look at our self-promotion rules again - /r/financialindependence/wiki/rules/selfpromotion Please also take a look at our main rules again - /r/financialindependence/wiki/rules We'd love you to participate in our subreddit, but we do require everyone to read the rules and FAQ before posting. If you post links to your site(s) again, you can expect to be banned. Thanks for understanding!
You're allowed to link to blogs if you also discuss the post. You're not allowed to drop a link with no context. &gt;Rules &gt;&gt;No link only posts. If you'd like to link to something, you'll need to use a text post. Explain in that post why you're linking, what is interesting about the link, etc. Please also read the rest of the rules below before posting.
I can see the reasons for the reports (thanks to those who report and add a reason!) but it is harder to see the reason for an automod removal.
I have the same problem and I think it’s half because I’m a scientist and half a bs excuse
It’s effective just never 100%
It’s hard to say what is really going on without seeing a comparison of a functioning house. The wall that is thought to have no insulation- have you compared to another wall that is parallel to it? It could just be that the wind is coming from that direction.
Keep in mind that postings that are hardest to fill stay up longer, so it it will look like the hiring is skewed more toward higher level jobs than it really is.
Please post this in /r/legaladvice or equivalent. I will remove here.
When you’re a boss, you’re accountable for problems below you, which leads to hiding those problems. The best ways to actually solve a problem tend to include peers and above learning that there is a problem, which is not in your best interest.
I love putting bbq sauce on pizza but I swear it makes mouth burning worse!
You don’t need a friend like that. She is doing it to protect her idea that being fat is healthy. It is really unfortunate that that mindset has developed and expanded in response to discrimination. I find myself too afraid to mention weight loss in certain groups because I suspect the mindset is the same. PS I can’t swallow pills either and it suuuucks
The vegan happiest place on earth!
Please remember that no politics are allowed in this sub.
If we're going to have a discussion on rules, let's remember the rule "no rudeness" (both of you)
I think it's usually post, but not necessarily. Some people might be forgetting to adjust the math and adding up pretax and post tax saving/spending
Could you go there and do something other than sales?
Did the second one have reviews? I only stay at tried and true places for this reason. Serious hosts don’t cancel. New hosts might.
Is that what my dog was saying?
I would try switching to showering in the morning. You might sweat overnight. Also, do you look clean/tidy?
Why not just use Fitbit data for both? Then you can see real time if you’re on target. When I did this, I would “walk it off” at the end of the day if I wasn’t at my #. Very effective
Are you looking at condos or only houses
Maybe this will clear up the miscommunication: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starter_home
Depends what you do with your 15 years. Time spent doesn’t mean you necessarily do better work or are more productive.
It’s PERFECT
They want an investment property but live in an expensive area and wouldn’t be able to afford one there. I live in Philly and investors from NYC like to but in my area.
You don’t really get to tell your boss how to do her job.
I bet that looks awesome draped on a chair
Same. Having it already set up for a service already is a plus. The only thing that would upset me is if a really bad job was done somehow (like a dish on the roof that causes a leak) or if they somehow contacted the property (rather than themselves) to a service.
$600 is a pretty negligible amount when you’re buying a house. If you’re okay spending that to move sooner, it’s fine.
I guess it would be like the sports where there is a score, like diving or figure skating. But it could also be like Co-op board games, where you’re playing against the game itself
I am cat
So, what colors are you interested in?
I thought cars were less expensive in the US. I also am skeptical of a 6k 15yo car
If it's joint debt, then it's already your debt and you're not inheriting it.
You could also consider delaying the donation
Be careful about paying off the loan with no proof that they’ll remove themselves from the title
Personally, I consider it rude to bring up a trip like that if I’m not extending an invite. If someone who isn’t your close friend was planning it, the people you talk to may have no say in who gets invited. I have a similar situation like this with a beach trip one of my friends organizes. It could be that the organizer doesn’t like you, sure, but it could also be that there was no more space or something like that. Ignoring is shitty but maybe your friend is just not mature enough to know how to deal with an awkward situation?
Go to the dmv and get an id right now. What state/country are you in?
Maybe you want to modify your bit text to include the possibility of auto mod removal?
The more visibility a post has, the more likely it is to get reported. Interestingly almost every post gets reported at least once.
Also, the less stuff you have, the easier it is to find what you’re looking for. Have too much stuff and you’ll grow to have duplicates or more, like a big mall with 5 Auntie Anne’s.
Three weeks- damn girl!
Oh my god- a tortoiseshell tuxedo (tortedo)- my favorite 😻
I don’t know anything about your field but is this more of a title or a role? In my job, you take a harder role to earn a better title that comes with a raise, but taking a different role on a project wouldn’t result in a raise.
I don’t think either. It doesn’t sound like they have a “rich” amount of crypto. Like maybe one coin between them more or less.
One is in IT and another is an accountant, so I’m not sure how familiar either is with the tech
Several parts are from this awesome local cookbook: https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/0062438484/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516204220&amp;sr=8-1&amp;pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&amp;keywords=v+street+cookbook&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=51pKPkTP8gL&amp;ref=plSrch I just make several things that go together. Mr CJ made some spicy tofu, I made shiitakes (from above), broccoli (blanch, toss with sesame oil, salt, and pepper, then broil- it’s amazing), noodles, cucumber, and a broth (from above).
Yeah I mean it’s one thing if you’re just playing around but it sucks to potentially alter your life plans by relying on the performance of something so volatile. I really want to ask them what happened (out of legit concern) but I’m afraid of what they might say or of sounding smug by accident.
Sounds like it came off as braggy, so yeah may not sharing would have been more polite
Today we all had to pretend like we were going to drive to work in the snow to make sure we attend a work life balance training in person. The director who was in charge of organizing it left insanely early to prove getting there was possible (and she lives near me), then rescheduled it at 8:30 (after anyone would have already left!) Just a completely irritating way to start the day for a job that can be otherwise done entirely from home in theory. I have so much anxiety about driving in the snow/ice and additional anxiety about saying I can’t make it in. And for what- uggh! And the IRONY
Depends how much you spend
Maybe a weekday evening somewhere in center city? Where are you staying?
A lot of calculators don’t include the 99c fee you pay when you don’t have a professional account
Seems strange to never have watched one rather than not enjoying them or not having one you follow. Kind of a position of ignorance
400 sounds high but your friend is also definitely wrong. Also why should anyone other than the person who broke it pay for it?
I use my HSA as intended
Totally! It was just dumb stuff which makes it so much easier to turn around.
Highly recommend avoiding renting by the room unless you’re one of the roommates. I’ve done it both ways and it’s way more work to care about each room. Careful with university areas- the turn over times are very specific and you may end up with vacancy in the summer.
I only fly in flatland
Not going to school because you like your job at the moment is extremely short sighted. Not their decision, but it’s reasonable that they’re criticizing it.
By that logic playing baseball is indefensible because bats are sometimes used as a weapon
Maybe OP said something like this in their Omni days and vegan karma is catching up? (Jk you do you)
I have the technical details (work in pharma) and still take meds
How long is it going to take? Several days? $2500 for someone to help you for a day or so is pretty crazy. Have you priced out jewelry class at art school or something?
Rental stuff should be separate from your budget. It is gains on a current investment. Or call the net the income. Auto is high- are you counting principle payments on the loan? College savings isn’t an expense either.
I’ve been tracking (in my head) the times I eat (or feel like I should eat) when I’m not even hungry and it’s insane.
It seems like that’s more of interpreting what is said rather than what she actually said. Being active, eating healthy, sleeping well, etc- all have different meanings to different people.
Vegan Boston creme donuts are still great, but in my opinion the vegan treats version has a way better filling than Dottie’s (although still great). Don’t knock it til you try it.
Eh, I disagree with that. Some people have work issues that would make them terrible at management such as perfectionism, poor communication skills, inability to make decisions, tendency to panic when there are problems.
You’re being paid for your time, right?
It’s not reasonable to be upset that your boss wants to make use of your downtime
But it’s not so much work that you’re working unpaid hours, right?
Your agent admitted she’s screwing you over for the sake of her career. The strangest part is she thinks being a bad agent to you is going to make her look good to the other agent. Crazy. You have to start saying no.
It’s really underappreciated hard it is to do something that you’re *currently* bad at. It makes it so easy to quit! I just started doing spin classes and I was so embarrassed through the whole thing. I can’t even get myself to go to yoga because the introspective part of it makes it so much worse. But 4 classes into spin it is WAAAAY easier and I bet the same is true for Zumba. I’m also speculating lately that January is the best time to start taking a class because there are probably other new people and the instructor is probably more cautious about giving instructions that work well when you’re new! I’ve also found it helps to set a reasonable expectation for myself. My goal in spin isn’t even to do everything the way the instructor says- if I need to go lighter, I do. My goal is to make it there, cycle the whole time, and keep a positive attitude.
I’ve considered it. Throw in a beggar and a counting house and it’s a party
Sue... if you work somewhere where being sick keeps you from getting fired. Unemployment though
When did you speak with the host- today? Arrange means arrange in advance. Work has to be done after you leave and that is probably not scheduled same day.
They might be expecting last minute bookings
Omg she is perfect
Are you the only person with your title? Sometimes dept heads don’t mention when they’re expanding the group- no idea why
It means the appraisal assumes those things are included, but you should not use the appraisal as your source of truth on that if that’s what you’re implying
The hurricanes had some impact. I went on a cruise over the holidays and the ports that were still a bit damaged (like PR and Key West) had lower than usual prices. Zika should probably have more of an impact than it does, but people can be kind of reckless with that sort of health planning. Good job being smart about that. Iceland instead? :P
WOW That is more than a "mention"- it's a story about you!!! Did they contact you first or did they just write it up?
My mom thinks I don’t eat gluten or things that aren’t organic. It’s been 15 years and the concept isn’t that hard!!
You’re focused on a number of calories. I think it is more useful to focus on running a deficit. I can’t tell how big of a deficit you’re suggesting. A mistake I often see crash dieters make is getting so fed up with wanting to lose weight that they try an unrealistic plan and fail quickly. Start with a small deficit (250 cal/ day) and see how that goes. I use a Fitbit to estimate my burn.
I feel like you could have a bot that just posts this and does okay
“Enough to cover the mortgage” is not an appropriate rent. You should be cash flow positive or don’t bother. Factor in interest, property taxes, repairs, vacancy, and landlord-paid utilities. If the ROI (where I = equity) isn’t good after that, why invest in RE instead of something easier and more diverse like the S&amp;P?
Read that as “man sub” lol
The average drug takes a billion dollars and 10 years. Curing something big is going to cost way more than 100mil
No, that’s exactly when you end up in FC Transfer- you send to one place and they distribute to others.
“So, you wanna cross some streets or what?”
This is also dumb because Etsy is surely visited mostly by women. How could he not figure this out?
Leave a person to babysit them if you can’t leave it at the pick up area. 20 min x 2 + time to move stuff around ends up being a bit of time.
Yep, and that would rub me wrong as well
Sales rank, current price relative to cost, competition, size/weight
It helps that their Boston creme is a meh
You both have valid reasons for wanting what you want. Are you guys going to have kids? If you live where you live, that will be significantly harder. Is there actually room for compromise here? Also, you shouldn’t get married until you’ve been living in the same place for some time.
I’m familiar with both- I mod both
How well does this really work? My porch is about to reach the season of being unbearable from mosquitoes and nothing works
I’m designing games too. It helps to think of failures as educational. Also helps to have more ideas than you could ever possibly support, so it’s not as much failure as picking the best option to move forward with.
(warning- coming from an inexperienced position) Could you emphasize that you want people to read the rules and play without your guidance so you can ensure the rule book works? That would work for me as a tester
Does not alway have to be in a box but may depend on your product type
I would guess most vaccines would have no impact on you if you took them orally. They would likely taste terrible though.
This happened with my wallet lost for a month in my friends’ microwave. My theory is my clothes didn’t have pockets so I was holding my wallet, we took pans they kept in their microwave out and somehow it fell or was placed in the pans. Since it was a black wallet, no one noticed it when the pans went back in.
I’m sure she doesn’t mind!! 😻
Drinking does not have to mean getting drunk.
Careful with this- you could end up with a debt sent to collections
Are you sure you actually have available inventory rather than FC Transfer inventory?
A really simple party game called Loaded Questions where one player asks a question, everyone else answers, then the first player has to guess who said what. With my friends, it always leads to ridiculous answers that we can barely read out load and new inside jokes. There is also an adult edition.
Super unpopular opinion, but as a woman in my 30s, I started noticing a disconnect between being healthy and fit and expecting a healthy pregnancy. These things are definitely related so good job taking the actions you’re taking. I’ve been working on my cardio in part because the idea of being in labor is very scary to be and I only recently realized myself that it would go better if I was fit. And that I could carry around more extra weight if I was strong.
Totally agree, so another relevant question- is this person’s hate valid? Are they a good judge of people?
I prefer to spend my HSA money because I don’t trust the rules to stay the same.
What would you get out of an llc that you couldn’t get from umbrella insurance?
If anything, light bulbs last way longer than they used to.
I buy stuff like that on Amazon/eBay.
Can’t crack a good joke anymore
Oh I didn’t even consider that! Hmmm
I bet there’s another smile behind this meatball head
What an amazingly long life. I wonder what he’ll do first in doggy heaven
Yes, because I don’t want to cause it to cool
So many precious skin folds!
Hooray!!!
Yeah that seems crazy to me. What if you start dating someone and want to live together?
If the school district doesn’t fire him or you can’t track down his wife, you could see if there’s a fb group for parents in the school district and post anonymously. Surely he has done or is currently doing this to other girls as well.
Best of luck!
That’s how my family is too. Totally loved bday at the Olive Garden 🤨 because we had to go “somewhere your father could eat.”
Your life isn’t over- it hasn’t started. Start it
You’ve never had a job. How would you know about working?
My barista fi job would be working at someone else’s escape room
It can easily make sense not to when you have higher priority goals.
Where is your cafe?! I got a vegan hq question wrong and died of shame.
Seems to be common. Landlords are probably either unaware or don’t care as long as rent is paid.
Not OP, but pharma companies have been moving towards special syringes that make the injection more patient friendly. It’s a device with a prefilled syringe where the syringe is hidden inside the device, you press it to the right part of the body, and it injects without you seeing the needle or controlling the depth. This is not specifically related to bc though- other injections
No idea if that’s standard but that sounds like a terrible deal for the buyer, since the mortgage is just one cost of ownership. They’re still depreciating the house and the PITI includes the buyer investing their DP.
This is a work of brilliance
This is practically satire to me. Does no one host parties anymore? I just have people over.
Dude, that sucks. Guess they’re not trying to make any friends. Any chance of wfh Friday?
Ah, I was thinking more of an ancestry perspective
Surely every married man in Mexico can go on a vacation to Russia for two weeks. What could possibly get in the way?
I am married and my wedding was at the end of the summer, so I totally know lol
Aw look at her precious nose stripe!
I’m taking a game design class at an art school right now and somehow it didn’t occur to me to make my game about juggling cats!!
1- yes, the rest, no. I might feel differently if I could see that they were trying to help themselves. Like, if your sister had half of the beauty school tuition saved up and was planning to wait for the whole thing.
I have heard you’re supposed to always imply that their job is the one you want most for reasons other than salary and you basically said you’ll work for whoever pays you most, so that’s no good.
What happens to your wife’s job when you move?
Those things are secondary to reading, writing, and math, which need to be understood regardless of interest
Well that’s a lot worse than I imagined. WTF?!
A secondary bag will work best if it can easily be compacted and tucked into your main bag. I use a tote bag for this reason. The bag linked looks a bit too sturdy. You don’t want to be in a position where you have to always have both bags in use. Also, I find the secondary bag most useful for things you need to have easy to reach while moving around- food, water, charger, possibly laptop, hoodie. And don’t do this if the reason is your main bag can’t fit everything. Pack less or get a bigger bag!
/r/noburp there are dozens of us!
I’m knitting a sweater and designing a board game (or 5) currently. Also doing some remodeling around the house. Working on my cycling strength. Too many hobbies.
This is not acceptable at all, but you’d have to either make arrangements that work or have the booking cancelled, rather than get money back later.
There is also seller-fulfilled prime, but it is not as common
I seem to do mostly cold weather travel, including being in Iceland earlier this month. One very warm sweater, one collapsible puffy coat, fleece leggings, jeans baggy enough that they can go over the fleece leggings. And maybe this is blasphemy but if you’ll be using the camper the whole time, one bagging is a lot less critical than taking trains between hostels or whatever.
I’m doing after, but critical that I don’t go home first. I’ve found that once I go home, all productivity stops
This is so surprising. I live in that neighborhood and have always been disappointed with their burritos but maybe now it will be better?! Originally the vegan option was sweet potato instead of a protein, which always bugs me because I don’t want to eat a tube of straight carbs. More recently I was excited to try fake meat that they made from walnuts but I found the texture gross and nearly inedible. Maybe I just have bad luck?
He’s not really doing fake meat stuff. I actually wish he was.
Not at all. What would one be?
Nah that’s a toss up between nyc and la. But we do very well as a food city regardless!
It’s not about not eating carbs at all- I just don’t want to eat a tortilla (carb) with rice (carb) and sweet potatoes (carb). It makes my blood sugar feel gross.
Wow, that is beyond obnoxious
If that’s true, go to class and read from your text book while you’re there.
Depends on your industry/company
What does that have to do with anything
That’s actually a suggestion on this sub frequently when someone posts about their SO not contributing around the house
I would have him remove it and he could finish his turn another way if he’d like
Looks like they’re competing against the other books that are also used condition. People don’t tend to go for new or not buy box unless they’re getting a significant discount.
But we have to compare that to the resources needed for lab production, which is how much? Can’t just assume it’s less.
That’s cats scaring girls
There is some scavenging in Dominion- looking through your discard pile or the trash
I’m not a trump supporter but you could just pin this on someone on his staff failing to screen properly or as the comedian’s fault for failing to give the president the respect he deserves (🤮)
At first glance with no text, I thought this was a picture of an ocean cliff Crumb looks great
There is a theory that mf sellers also do this to discourage fba competition
Is your wife not also living there? 🤨
Learn to make the dough at /r/breddit or /r/pizza and you’ll quickly be making better pizzas than you can get anywhere else
There is a downside to #1- failing to adhere to [alternate religion B] which requires belief for you to go to heaven, and if not, you go to hell. So you’ll do B since there is nothing to lose, right? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal's_Wager (Specifically- Argument from inconsistent revelations)
Make it a romantic dinner at the calzone bone zone
It’s always a good time
They might be lying or they might hate their family!
The sub you’re in
So I got my end of year review (written) and the overall gist of it is that I am a very nice person with a positive attitude. That's great and all, but I like to think I'm also a competent/intelligent person who is good at stuff??!! And I feel like I should point out that this emphasis on the review came more from my new female boss than my old male boss who managed me until October, so it's not a sexist thing exactly. Have the in person review later this morning and thinking now about how to handle it. I have been feeling less positive about my job lately and have been dusting off my resume. I don't know how I can discuss some of my issues with my job if my main good quality is being positive. And I also often want to be tougher (since that is also a positive quality), but then I'd sacrifice being nice. Anyone else been through this? I've heard from more experience women at my last company before that they often start out nice and make a transition to being tough as they advance their career and decide not everyone needs to like them.
Yeah it's tough because a woman telling me I'm nice could also just be women being more aware of the expectation to be nice, but a man telling me I'm nice or, my least favorite, helpful, feels more sexist to me. This woman is more tough than nice (a trait I admire). I feel like I could have an honest conversation with her about whether or not I am too nice, but she might not even know the answer to that.
95 is how people make big north/south journeys, so septa can’t help them.
I’m sure people tell their parents a lot more shocking stuff while drunk!
Sounds like a plan
Being busy is not an excuse to not do your part around the house. You can’t expect your mom to pick up your slack without her consent.
According to /r/Airbnb, that $1mm is bogus and impossible to claim against
Time to adjust your expectations. A drafty window is not “broken” and what you’re asking for is a improvement.
See edit
Are thrift stores actually intended to supply clothes to people who can’t afford retail? Goodwill’s mission is to train and employ people through their stores. Have you been to /r/flipping? Also, if you find the owner for it, it’s not going to be wasted. If you don’t buy it, there’s some chance it will become trash.
I haven’t run into that guy but I do get a lot of sore losers who will overly blame chance it congratulate me on my luck. Btw buying a bunch of tournaments before buying provinces always seemed good to me!
Why buy a house now and waste all of that equity, property tax, insurance, utilities, etc? Why lock yourself into a plan that's so far out?
Where? And do they have something like a state income tax or higher local taxes that would cancel it out?
There are some situations where you might not want to (like if you couldn't afford your living expenses while maxing), but if you can do it, you absolutely should!
This is an interesting situation. I wouldn't expect a lateral transfer to have a pay increase. Taking an internal offer, maybe. Short list for a promotion is definitely no guarantee. If the transfer is better for your career, I'd definitely go that way, even though it seems hard for the new boss to justify that promotion since you haven't demonstrated your value to them yet.
Do you currently have this nanny or is this a theoretical expense?
That’s a really great margin. Is that your amazon margin too? I also sell on amz and would expect a pretty big difference between your margin prime vs. doing your own fulfillment off amazon.
I wonder if Spain has amazing soyrizzo? I'm spending new year's eve in Madrid so I'll look into it for you.
Their investors are basically everyone with a 401k, pension, or etf
Everything's coming up Milhouse!
I count real estate, cars, and anything with easily quantifiable cash value (equities, bonds, etc.). I also have a /r/flipping side gig and I count the value of unsold inventory. I would not bother counting anything worth under a thousand dollars that is part of your personal property. How much does this add up to and do you tend to sell pieces?
I like knowing my money isn't all in the same bank for that reason.
Weirdest one of these I’ve seen is video chatting while walking into the gym locker room and not stopping. Wtf?
Are you suggesting supporting a grocery store that sells meat and dairy then?
But large companies would be the high end of executive comp, right? So what about the middle and low end?
So they’ve never paid you at all?
Wow, wtf!
I do /r/flipping on amazon. I am also very tempted to do a Rover thing or do in home dog/cat sitting, but we have a roommate and that doesn’t seem super fair to him.
Was it the inclusion/exclusion criteria for taking the class?
Try /r/AmazonSeller and /r/fulfillmentbyamazon (something like that?) also
They also said that it's not a disease, which is ignorant and harmful
hopefully you're paying significantly less when you get screwed like that
I don't know if I'm just getting old and grouchy or learning more, but over time I'm increasingly skeptical that the majority of people will start doing any number of reasonable things unless they start being raised to or the pressure is crazy. We humans just aren't the logical.
Why would forming an LLC help with state income taxes?
I wonder if you're the reason they changed it. Try to be more practical ;)
Why would your brother and friends be okay with this?
Are you sure? I don’t remember paying a fee for anything fba that I’ve returned
You declined 12 interviews of jobs that were worth applying to?
It’s really nice- was almost late for the flight haha
Had 90% of the increase that it was projected to get, thanks to making up for the market with other income/savings
If you don't have a lot in the stock market, it's pretty easy to make up 10%. Real estate is also still strong and most home owners probably have more worth in house than in the market.
Surely she would qualify for some sort of disability program? That sounds so difficult. If you're not in Belgium, maybe someone from the Belgian sub could help you figure out who to contact to figure out what resources are available.
Could also be that REITs benefit from an economy of scale and acting more professionally (which could include being a terrible landlord, or could just be being better at accounting or hiring help).
social security payments are based on how much you put in, which sounds like it would be 0 for the mom and most of their retirement income for the dad
Don’t they only get benefits after the death of their spouse?
Highways in Europe often have underground parts, so it makes sense that they would cost more per km than a wall.
how long have you been waiting?
Not really, since the money has to come from somewhere. And if it wasn't a good idea to divert that money before, it's not a good idea now.
I assume that cost is a combination of amazon overhead and how much it’s worth it to someone to drive to your house.
Wow, that's crazy! What makes it so expensive there?
Oh this is so relatable! Perfectionism + anxiety + needing approval. Could you convince yourself that it would be to your benefit to make small mistakes 1) to learn from them, 2) to practice having a mistake work out okay
If your previous way of keeping in touch with friends was social media, getting rid of social media means you need to come up with another way to proactively reach out to people you want to keep in your life.
I’m spending nye in Spain and when I read about traditions, I swear an article said young people usually stay with family until midnight, then go out all night. Are you from different countries?
Political conversations are against the rules in /r/financialindependence
I think the fair way to do it is to charge the same # of days worth of food budget to food and then the rest to vacation. Sending it all to food or all to vacation are also fine.
They’re using the repricing tool within seller central, so the only thing you can do is also use it. I do RA, so I encounter this also. I just set my rule to match but box for the lowest I’ll go and they’ll often still be lower by 1 cent. But I like to think I’m discouraging them by lowering their profit. I make a habit of never lowering the buy box price unless we’re not selling. I have no hate for people who join the listing at the same price, but it drives me insane when we’ve got a couple sellers hitting a good margin and instead of joining, someone comes in and drops the price to where their margin must be very small.
I work in pharma and find it very frustrating that procedures don’t have to be demonstrated as safe and effective before marketing them, but drugs get years of testing. If I remember right, the stem cell treatments are coming under more fda scrutiny, so that would be good.
I’m getting quotes right now in my medium cost of living area and it’s all over $300/week for one infant. No idea how a daycare in your area is meeting ratios and paying min wage plus operating expenses. In home care maybe?
I think you're right and it's not going to be easy saving anything with 3 kids in NYC. But what would the jobs pay if you moved? How close to family are you now?
Hello there! Your friendly neighborhood moderator has had to remove one of your posts / comments. Please look to tailor your post/comment more toward Financial Independence by providing more context as to how this relates to your efforts to become Financially Independent or Retire Early. We know that generally, *any* personal finance topic is sort of related to FIRE, but please be specific and relate your posts to your FIRE pursuits. From our rules: "Personal finance or investing questions that do not directly relate to financial independence should be directed to /r/personalfinance or /r/investing." These rules are slightly relaxed in our Daily Discussion Thread, as an option. Please take a look at our rules again - /r/financialindependence/wiki/rules. We'd love you to participate in our subreddit. Your post has been removed by the moderators of /r/financialindependence. Please look to tailor your post/comment more toward Financial Independence by providing more context as to how this relates to your efforts to become Financially Independent or Retire Early. Your post would probably be better served in http://www.reddit.com/r/entrepreneur
You need a full budget to work that out
No one was providing a source because it's regional so a local source isn't actually helpful. Maybe you're allowed to pay extra in your area. I'm not allowed to collect that in mine.
&gt;First, the LTA, in a section entitled Escrow funds limited, provides that no landlord may require a sum “in excess of two months’ rent to be deposited in escrow for the payment of damages to the leasehold premises and/or default in rent thereof during the first year of any lease.” The landlord here argued that it did not violate the LTA, as it only required two month’s rent as a security deposit and characterized the last month’s rent as a “prepayment” that was not held as security for default rent. Landlord’s argument was rejected. The court found that the purpose in requiring the deposit of sums not owed until 12 months into the future was to secure future payments, as well as to establish a fund for damages caused by tenant in violation of the lease – exactly the purpose of the security deposit. Calling the payment a name other than ‘security deposit’ did not change the purpose of the payment. The same would be true of a calling it a prepayment
Ooo nice. How long ago was that? I got 1.9% 5 years ago but 2.9% a few months ago.
Charging for a year at once is the same thing as securing future payments. JFC
Seems made up
Terms other than interest rate and length?
Ah okay. My credit union adjusted our rate for a small fee sometime around the end of the last decade, but it was them offering. I'm not sure if your bank would have a procedure around changing the rate outside of a refinance. Couldn't hurt to ask though!
Sounds like Quita is very skilled at her job!
$224.75 recording fee from WF to close a mortgage (selling the house). Is this standard or bs?
HELOC rates are lower because they’re adjustable, so factor that risk into the equation.
Yes, you’re wrong to sit there and then not offer the seat
I don’t think it makes a lot of sense to slow down house payment (and pay to do so) to speed up car payment when car payments should be lower interest rate than mortgage. Couldn’t you just use a HELOC for the next DP to avoid contingency if that is necessary? Or have cash on hand from not accelerating any of these payments?
2 people vs 1?
You’re 20 with an hourly job. What’s the rush? Why lock yourself into something like this?
My strategy was to go to open houses for a bit (as part of my initial research) and pay attention to which agents seemed competent and not annoying/desperate. It worked really well.
Am I out of touch? No, it’s the scientists who are wrong
I once knew a person who was pretty active in graffiti and she told me that the people who do stuff like this consider mural arts hypocrites because they paint over graffiti. So they see no reason not to paint over murals as well. I don’t agree with it, but it’s an interesting rationale.
You don’t know that the winning buyer isn’t equally lovely
Picking where to eat, making plans, etc. is a chore. You don’t get out of taking out the garbage by being happy with however anyone else wants to do it. Sometimes this chore is extra annoying if there’s a lot of logistical stuff to factor in as well- everyone’s calendar, knowing what they like or don’t like.
You need to account for the costs of buying and selling. And look at an amortization schedule to see how little goes to equity in the first 3-5y.
I can’t imagine those would hold heat enough to be worth it
Sandals without heels for sure! Gold will look great
Precious bush babe ❤️
My similar looking kitty also likes neck rubs the most 😻
I’ll take that one 😍
You could always focus on the overlap of what you agree with! I'm sure one of them was having high interest debt or something like that.
you didn't wear underwear to work? In the words of FotC "Check your mind, how'd it get so bad? What happened to those other underpants you had?"
I think you could do either and it would be fine. I would rather count it so that it is recognized as a "loss" if you were to take a different job before 2y. Or do you mean the match you get at 3y is not vested until 5y?
Closing is next month, so we have to decide the "now" plan soon. The house has went- 5/6 rented, 4/6 rented/, 6/6 rented, 0/6 rented, 2/6 rented over the course of the past 13 years of ownership so there's weird stuff related to depreciation recapture and allocating gains to different years.
The one I’m being offered is 45 days. Haven’t locked yet and closing is July 19. I think it will be okay to wait but that’s just my crystal ball.
Where?
Why couldn’t your roommate be the one to investigate?
It was removed by automod. I just added it back but I have a feeling I'm going to have to lock it. It will be hard to discuss this article without breaking rules, but it's not impossible.
Of course it is, because of the demographics of reddit and because most of those users are here as well.
It seems to me like people who are fi-aspiring and aren't married yet bother to have fi-compatable partners, but people who are already married and find fi later resent their partner if they don't go along with it.
Give it to him with a slice of cheese cake
Maybe it won’t be a problem anymore if the excluder is going away?
It doesn’t matter. The world doesn’t owe me that kind of privilege.
It’s usually blisters in Europe and bottles in the US. It’s really more a combination of cultural norms and regulatory expectations. (I work in pharma)
No, that’s weird. Is your realtor experienced?
High income usually makes traditional 401k the better choice
That is probably a lot of the problem
How are you feeling about your rental property? A net of 1500/month on a paid off 400k property seems low at a 4.5% annual return. Does it include property management or pessimistic estimates about things like vacancy and repairs? Also, have you considered mortgaging your rental to pay off the mortgage on your residence since your rental’s interest is tax deductible?
My philosophy on habits like this is that it’s too hard to break more than one habit/addiction at a time. I used to need a coke/Pepsi every morning (gross), but if I switched straight to water, I’d be quitting caffeine and sugar at the same time. Instead I switched to sprite, then switched to water. I suggest you add an intermediate option to make it easier, especially if you drink sugary coffee. Hot chocolate, black coffee at home, unsweetened tea, etc.
Sure you can. Sometimes when there are a lot of procedures, the intention is that you have them open while you’re working and follow step by step.
Comparing the vaccinated and unvaccinated populations, prospective cohort studies...
I think it's just that travel is one of the big reasons people FI because travel and full time employment are hard to mesh together well. So people who love to travel want to be able to not have work get in the way.
WTF really?
That seems like a pretty high HELOC rate. Fixed instead of variable? You might be better off with a cash out refi. Don’t go too crazy with leverage though since remaining leverage is your *emergency* emergency fund
Check for more!!
Nice 👌
Today's the big day where we sell house #1 to our roommate and then rent back from him until we move at the end of July. Love this house and sad to see it go, but at least it's staying "in the family." Made sure Mr. CJ was set up with high interest savings accounts since the money will sit until our closing next month.
My example would be a solution that wasn’t my top choice or what best for my department, but was best for the company as a whole. Or perhaps giving up a lesser goal (nice to have feature) to meet a more important one (delivering on time).
Suicide is not the biggest killer of men. It’s heart disease for both men and women. Suicide isn’t even top 5.
Liberal arts don’t cost more or less than other degrees
For preapprovals, with a decent LO it should be a very fast turn around to get a new preapproval to match your offer. You might want your loan officer to give you an idea of how much you'd be approved for in general, and then stay under that by quite a bit. The amount of cash you're willing to put down is usually people's limiting factor.
The solution to this problem is to have a budget. Then past you has okay'ed the spending
There are a lot of different meds for ADHD. Is this the first one you’re trying? I would talk to the pharmacist about an off patent option.
I’ve had this problem at my own house (gentrifying area) and literally nothing we tried worked. I think working through your host to keep it from becoming your problem is your best bet but is also unlikely to make the problem stop. Some people are just shitty.
Awesome
This is for them to figure out. I’ve picked up keys a dozen ways, none of which I’ve arranged
Traveling every weekend sounds exhausting. Aren’t there local things you want to do as well?
Aw I adopted a 9yo lab mix and she lived 8 more years :)
I can’t imagine how that math possibly works out
I think I might be accidentally doing this with my scheme to have more consistent and affordable access to figs
That’s very weird, especially since usually buyers’ agents do the showings
Well they’d have to die since they like totally can’t live without xyz
I think it would be pretty unusual to provide evidence of the value of the position to HR before any disconnect is known to exist. Save the evidence for if they lowball you.
I think it’s because we have more ability to push down the harsh or unreasonable voices through downvoting compared to FB where everyone’s comment is visible. Or maybe extreme opinions are just more welcome on fb. I haven’t risked it in mommy groups yet but I found the same trend with vegan groups.
Then why focus on the amount of the dividend?
You have to shop around every year. Not condo specific- just the way insurance goes. Raising your premium is like a laziness tax.
It’s super weird that you “want to respect your mom’s request” on this and didn’t even mention what your fiancée wants.
Come and knock on our door...
The dog beach is my favorite place in the world. I don’t even have a dog right now but I can still enjoy the others.
Leave
Probably some kind of stabilizer and coating
Not what you’re asking, but you should look at refinancing that debt. The cutoff is personal and based on risk tolerance. For me it’s probably 6%.
Big pharma companies are multinational. Being a “US company” just means their HQ is in the US, not necessarily their manufacturing. Basically every country negotiates drug prices but the US but I don’t know what that has to do with anything.
wow that's amazing!
She’s both. Calicos are torties with any amount of white. Torties aren’t usually called torties if they have a ton of white. When they’re a tuxedo, I call them a tortido and they’re the best kind :)
My title insurance alone cost that much
Yep, either a person or cat moved that kitten. They can barely stand at that size
Do they both know you’re interviewing in the other group? I would pick 2 for sure. It sounds like it’s a higher level.
Ah, that sucks. Sometimes hosts are willing to refund you if someone else books.
Aww poor pup! Have you gotten multiple quotes for surgery or validated that # in any other way? Not sure if that’s the type of surgery that has to happen urgently.
Were you under contract with them? If not, I don’t see why they can’t accept other offers. Fixing cosmetic issues is unusual. If your agent has had three agents hang up on them, the common thread is you and your agent.
ACCT is part of government operations
You probably wouldn’t even know you have it
People like her don’t react to boundary setting well but that doesn’t mean you’re wrong to set boundaries.
Reiki is totally less dangerous because it does nothing. I met someone once who learned I volunteer at an animal shelter. She was training to learn Reiki and wanted to perform it on the animals. Imagine being a homeless dog longing for human companionship and someone spends time almost petting you but not actually touching you- so sad!!!
Sure, but if you're paying more and it's going to principal, that's no different from paying less and saving elsewhere. It's not like 24k in rent became 24k in principal.
Maybe one of his friends got fired for chronic lateness
That’s what I’m still guessing
With such torties comes great responsibility
What’s improper about current vaccine testing?
Its possible a tax accountant would be more appropriate.
It’s because it’s easier to be mad with the other person than with her husband. It’s a lot harder to deal with the real/full problem.
I foster animals and yes, we always both agree to any of them. There are several conditions a foster can have that are dealbreakers to my husband.
There are hanging chairs on stands. I have one in my greenhouse. Search for swing chair.
I’d recommend being at a job for a bit before getting pregnant for your own comfort. If I didn’t have flexibility with working from home or leaving a bit early in the first trimester, I would have been even more miserable and embarrassed from the nausea and weakness. If you wait 4 months, that would be long enough for FMLA to kick in also.
Call it a reduction for your FI math.
I feed multiple times from the same bottle of breast milk as long as it goes back in the fridge. I also warm it. I don’t let it sit out much after it’s had a mouth on it though (however my pp doula says there is a study saying even that is okay so who knows)
That’s cheap where I live but might be normal if you’re in a low cost area
Just make your flair something dumb about lentils :P
You add the item to listings. Then you make a fba shipment and buy the label when you process the shipment. When the items are scanned into the fulfillment center, the listing goes live. You can leave inventory forever afaik but there will be storage fees which are higher for items left more than a year.
That’s not what veganism is
You’ll be worshipped by mothers (trying to get my baby to sleep rn)
I was about to comment on a post in another sub yesterday and then realized it was by my husband lol
Do you have cash to pay down the difference if the appraisal is a bit short?
5% isn’t that high for a rental
Ah missed the up to 1k part
They change it when it’s listed even!
Ask your doc about using OTC gas drops
"According to convention, the prime minister is the leader of the majority party or largest party in a coalition of parties in the House of Representatives which holds the confidence of the House." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Australia#Constitutional_basis_and_appointment "In addition, the prime minister leads a major political party and generally commands a majority in the House of Commons (the lower House of the legislature). " https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_the_United_Kingdom#Authority "...the governor general will call to form a government the individual most likely to receive the support, or confidence, of a majority of the directly elected members of the House of Commons;[9] as a practical matter, this is often the leader of a party whose members form a majority, or a very large plurality, of Members of Parliament (MPs)." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prime_Minister_of_Canada#Qualifications_and_selection
Well, not really because there’s 9 months of pregnancy which aren’t a walk in the park. Easier than making a movie I’d guess.
Totally agree. Exercise is important for health but it is not at all the best way to lose weight. You can’t outrun a bad diet.
That’s what stuck out too me. I don’t know if I can think of a job like that that’s attainable with a bachelor’s degree. ETA I was reading it as the income right out of school, not just currently
Do nurses really start that high though?
Either suck it up and go or say you can’t. She must know there’s a chance you’re out of town or something
Have you shopped Around on fees?
Lol I feel called out
Past performance =\= future performance. Planning on appreciation more than inflation is speculation. Renting for more than expenses is a business.
My baby is 4.5m and in her mesh-sided bassinet still. Ever since she could, she’s moved to smoosh herself against the side. My pp-doula said a lot of babies like to push up against something for comfort. Maybe yours is doing it on purpose?
I’ve gotten some furniture from article recently and the quality seems good. Got a kitchen table from Wayfair that I suspect will not last even at the level of cheaper ikea furniture. Do you have glass currently? I think it can be kind of annoying to deal with.
Do it, but do it in a frugal way that you can’t get away with when you’re much older. Backpack, stay at hostels, etc.
2020 Bolt MSRP starts at 37k. I wish it was 23!
In that case, he made his money at the purchase and would have been better off flipping it and moving on.
Something you can’t plan for is if traveling is realistic while pregnant. I was pretty useless for the first 4 months or so. And doc appointments are frequent. Or do you mean after the baby is born?
They’re just trying to make the fast guru money. Cheap tickets will just be to a seminar where they market more expensive tickets or coaching
Don't forget that the landlord has a lot of expenses other than mortgage. How much rent would your roommates be paying? Perhaps they're going to end up with a better deal.
Do it!
I feel the same way about disciple- sometimes I won’t even upgrade it
Aw you should get to play during your time off! But I guess if you're nursing or in other situations, that time isn't guaranteed. I play during what I call "luxury pumping time" (when I have to pump but am not responsible for the baby).
70% US total market, 20% international, 10% bonds. More or less.
The beat way through this is to lower your expectations and even allow yourself to fail. I’d work on that through self talk.
Possibly but the ALL IN VTSAX crowd is loud!
Gee, I wonder if it was really the step dad who wrote this.
If you’ve never had your own place it’s crazy to jump right into ownership. And wait until you see the money that goes down the drain with a mortgage.
Coming across lazy could be a turn off too
I like these too but it would be better if they showed up in the Monday post. Is that possible?
There are tons of bad pf tropes that are in people’s minds as common sense and they have to reason their way into another opinion. A lot of them are about real estate- rent is throwing your money away, a house is an investment, they aren’t making more land, if you can rent a house to cover the mortgage, don’t sell it.
And mortgage interest and/or opportunity cost of your equity!
Wow- thanks for the info. That’s a relief
I just had the same decision and I rolled it to my 401k. Didn’t do IRA because we backdoor Roth. Didn’t keep it in the pension because I wanted more control over the investment.
I would love to be reimbursed for going back to work late because my husband has to be out of state the week I’m supposed to go back from mat leave, which is some expensive bullshit. But obviously it doesn’t work that way.
Tomato or no?
Ouch
It doesn’t generally work because immunity fades for many illnesses. That’s why you have to get boosters of vaccines later in life, like TDAP.
It could be that nursing is more tiring than drinking from a bottle.
She’s perfect
I feel similarly about my mastitis at day 9 (and again several weeks into it). I was planning to EBF and now we do a combo of pumping and formula. It is significantly easier on me and I might have gone crazy being 100% responsible for food. The only downside is we lost the ability to nurse her which was sad.
Just go unless you have a really really good work excuse
What kind of limits for investing?
No insurance is crazy. But if he had insurance, his number would be way higher. Also, wonder if his son has insurance!
What kind of hours will your wife work remotely? If she’s working primarily with Americans, there could be some issues.
how about doing things to advance your career that you wouldn't have to hide, like taking classes (official or coursera)
People don’t wear them because they don’t want to look weird and out themselves as sick. I wish it was more common/socially accepted.
Are you sure the tablet was a grade-related gift? Do you have a tablet? Are you two the same age? When did you get your grades?
“Blackened”
Did it come from amazon possibly? If so, fake review scam
I’m so jealous!
Walmart.com is the closest thing because eBay didn’t bother to become a fulfillment company
Such fun colors
What’s the alternative- just giving up eating?
Baby got megaback
I’m on a mission to stop buying things new and paying repairmen as a first resort and try other options instead. My husband and I are so bad about this. The problem is we see a need to solve a problem and jump to the quickest and most effective solution. Some examples: 1) toaster oven I’ve had for 10+ years I was already thinking of replacing because it looks terrible, but then it broke anyway. Have been experimenting with just not replacing it since our housemates have a toaster anyway. I think we will end up with one eventually because it actually is turning out to be something we miss having frequently. 2) baby is ready for solid foods so I started shopping around for a high chair. But then I realized I have other options- vintage one MIL wants us to take (but might be impractical for safety and cleaning), baby consignment stores, internet groups, asking around. 3) our hot tub needed a new control board and I figured out after we paid for the replacement that it would have been a fix we could handle, saving hundreds of dollars. It doesn’t even involve actually wiring anything- damn! 4) our driveway gate broke and our housemate figured out the parts needed to fix it and did. This only happened this way because the gate repair people were first being flakey and then insisted a full replacement was needed. Experience with this was what led me to seeking a fix on YouTube for #3. 5) I’m adding stuff to amazon lists instead of just buying right away. Huge decrease in spending from before.
Nice, I’ll in philly and have been considering that road trip!
Do you have vaccines where you live at 9m? I just had my 9m virtually because there are none here (US)
I bought a $1200 piece of very unnecessary outdoor furniture
They’re local politicians dealing with a local situation. Not everything has to be about what happens within the Philadelphia city limits.
What kind of shoes are you looking for? I’m also a repeat buyer and taking recommendations from friends works well for new stuff
Have you heard about move out at fancy universities (in philly- “penn Christmas”)? It’s basically this but on a scale of hundreds of people. So wasteful
That, or people with some kind of trauma who are avoiding intervention rather than actually dealing with their health issue. Zero assistance is insane.
A lot of them seem to be the meeting “organizer” doesn’t bother to plan ahead what they want to discuss
Yes, but they make the first shipment a week + out to dissuade you from doing this
Same, this gets better when Dad is competent and both parents are aligned on what to do.
If he’s lateral to you, you could be a bro to the people below you/him and try to fix it. Otherwise, could be a good time for a lateral move.
Definitely recommend back carry
Usually a destination wedding has attendees (close friends and family) and a wedding without (many) guests is eloping.
That’s really inevitable and relatable!! I recommend working on convincing yourself you’re only annoyed because of the situation combined with finding ways to be away. I go for a walk every day, for example.
I support the protests but I also think without covid the protests and looting would be much smaller if at all. Protests are great for feeling unified with your community which is the opposite of SAH. Looting is the same in a way, plus any rage from employment issues. Also, it’s so crazy to me too that everyone decided it’s over. There’s a saying- people aren’t rational, they’re rationalizing. I think the majority who cared about covid at the beginning of SAH are happy to take whatever excuse to pretend it’s all fine now because that’s way more convenient to believe. Daycares wouldn’t open if they weren’t safe, right? And who can judge you for resuming your 10 person gatherings if the state says they’re legal?
I’m like you but I bet there are others who are joining indirectly because of covid
Shocking to me that people don't consider renting real estate risky right now. It's a terrible time to be a landlord.
And even more so for restaurants. What would you spend at the fanciest vegan restaurant available? The one we go to for birthdays/anniversaries (Vedge in Philly) is like $100-150 for 2 because we usually don’t get drinks. I’m sure it’s way more at the nicest omni one.
No need to force a decision right away! Why not see how he does for the first month or so of the summer and more will become clear about your work situation too.
My solo for my side biz is at Fidelity and I don't think there are fees like that.
Oh yep, babies are born covered in blood and wax and their first stop after being born is typically to mom’s bare chest and not to like a towel or something lol
Ask him to screenshot the history tab
&gt;200k *in today’s money*
Nope. We were in vanguard, had to switch to fidelity for a work reason, didn’t bother switching back when vanguard was an option again. The only thing that makes me want to is vanguard had a social index fund I liked and fidelity doesn’t have one that is similar.
Being on a high horse is the whole point of the conspiracies. They wouldn’t believe if it didn’t make them feel good
Will be easy to reopen if tons of students have already had covid
I think that would be fine even if you had less money. I assume data science will be a step up in pay, right?
Wait, drop shipping or wholesale? Drop shipping is generally considered dead so I’m surprised there’s something worth buying.
My intention is that some parents have no choice but to sleep train at an early age because they have to work. This includes people going back to work at like 6 weeks, which is generally considered too young to sleep train effectively. It is also a bad situation that people are forced into it if they would prefer not to. It sounds like you have some guilt for sleep training that you’re projecting into this. There’s no right answer to whether or not to sleep train and I didn’t say one way is better.
I think even a week ago me was dumb
3 hours ago me was shopping for beach houses, lol
I think the real mistake here was someone not making sure the first place would be open, but that doesn’t necessarily fall on you
Luxembourg is so hilly. Maybe Liechtenstein would be easier.
I think the bubble has to burst eventually. Especially since the actual costs of teaching have only declined with adjuncts and a surplus of PhD's.
I don’t understand- isn’t that part of the standard republican agenda?
Also aren’t a lot of games we love made by people around your age? Klaus Teuber is 67. Donald X is 51.
I doubt you’re actually required to speak to one and if you are, the convo could be brief. But keep in mind, although you’ve done some really great prep work you can’t guarantee breast feeding will go well and it’s likely a lactation consultant will be support that is useful.
I’m in suburban Philadelphia and was recently on a front yard visit/ mask wearing to a friend living further out in the burbs. His neighbor commented that we were overdressed for his BBQ (and was having a party despite our area still being in lockdown...)
Yes, although not necessarily very common
Oh man, we're in the same boat. My husband and I take turns getting to sleep through the night.
I think jobs that pay more are often better in ways where taking a lower paying job would not actually be easier. And it’s hard to say if the hours will actually be better in the other job.
I don’t think any of these are compatible with having a day job and living in a HCOL area.
Lol same
What does it look like to be in “biotech?” Would it include very large companies that are only part biotech, like most of the big pharmas? Would it be something like Monsanto? Why biotech specifically?
I really liked the stuff I got in the past year from Article. Wayfair is hit or miss. Ikea is really inaccessible right now. Overstock can be good. I haven’t tried target, but there’s potential.
I'm not a host but I wonder if the bug could actually be in the other direction- that the people who booked for the days originally cancelled and you never received a cancellation? What happens if you look at your own calendar when you're logged out? Do the gaps line up with specific bookings or is it more random?
Steady by tracking your expenses and worry less about income tracking
Ugh that’s infuriating
You can fly kitties unless they’re huge. Driving would make more sense though because you likely have other things to move.
My husband's whisky budget is $300/month (waaay less than last year's actuals) and I'm pretty close to a teetotaler. I'm afraid to know the answer to that second question for my household.
I've moved around but not in a total shift. Depending on what skills the job requires, I think it is fair to push you back.
Probably fatfire aspiring but who knows
It sounds like it was an accident. Go easy on them unless they’re not sorry about it. Ask them to be more careful in the future.
I’m afraid to click but that’s enough to earn my support 👍
Prepandemic- Wegmans with occasional Costco or whole foods During the pandemic- a mix of Wegmans pickup, Whole Foods pick up, and Costco delivery. Currently- mostly Trader Joe’s and Costco with my housemate going in person on weekday mornings. A year ago, there was also a lot of the local food coop
What kind of job is this? It’s shockingly common to come across redditors who have had the same job before and can offer more specific insight. Some of these Q’s I’d phrase differently: 1) ask something like- Is the position eligible for overtime and how is the overtime schedule determined? What you want to do with this Q is understand if it’s common and if it’s optional. In my first job out of college, I was technically hourly but there was no budget for overtime. 2) they should be able to easily tell you what the 401k match is in a short blurb like 100% of the first 4, 50% of the next 2. This is not something that is negotiable but it’s good to know. Also good to know is the beating schedule. 3) you’ll want to know what the health plans are and how much they cost. Some employers offer very expensive health plans. See if this or the answers to #2 are included in any benefits docs HR has already provided. If nothing yet, you could just ask for the benefit info in general before asking any other questions about benefits. 4) the benefits doc or an offer letter should include # of days of vacation.
I agree. Also, could be that they’re located on the west coast and your inventory is on the east coast, do Amazon would rather the FBM merchant get the west coast sales.
I just use my finger as a scraper to get the pb off Also try adding cocoa powder to that smoothie
Do you think the second row captain's chair configurations are safe? It seems like it would be very similar to a regular van, but like you said- that's looking at the surface. Edit- roadtrek adventurous example: https://img.rvguide.com/images/content/Roadtrek-CS-Adventurous-Floorplan.jpg
I would guess that when they changed the layout, there was some kind of zoning agreement that it couldn't become entirely a rental unit. Probably someone needed an in law suite (more or less) and this was the only way they could be allowed to have it.
Sometimes I think the Facebook comments are Russian troll bots, but then dumb things happen IRL and then I’m not so sure.
“Work in law enforcement” = security guard
Stay home if you won’t follow the written rules
You didn't. Was it chickenpox maybe?
Usually you want the break even period to not be too far out also. And your calc only is right if you’re comparing the same loan duration.
In many markets, you need to be prepared to see the house right away, decide right away and jump in with a strong offer. I think it takes missing a few houses to get you mentally prepared to do that!
Oh yeah an open house is not a given for sure. My strategy last year was to go to open houses for a while to get a feel for what was out there, picked an agent who seemed good from the open houses, then started going to showings. The house we ended up buying was on the market for 3 days (listed on a Thursday and visited/made offer on a Saturday). One mistake I did make this time around (this is my 4th house) is expanding my search area in an uneven way. Our house is not in the original area we were looking but had features way beyond what I could have gotten in the original area. But I also didn’t thoroughly search the area we ended up in, so maybe there were other options here that would have been better.
This is really scary since pregnancy puts you at a high risk :(
“Near University City” = not even close
This is especially important in science- since identifying your biases makes you closer to being objective. I work in industry so there is often an answer that I want and I have to keep that in mind so I don't lead my way to that answer.
The things you mentioned as not work are exactly the work I listed
That happens when the OP is afraid of the answer
I said technically because it is possible but not 100%. I refer to my understanding that way to qualify it instead of making a generalization. The reason this is the way I see it is 0% of trans people I know identify as straight, though I understand why some would. ETA also see how in this comment chain I’m responding to someone saying a transman who exclusively is interested in women is straight and that is not universally correct, since he could be queer instead.
Just imagine him yelling THEY'RE PINK after each sentence. TBH I never really thought about it before and I remembered it for like a decade now.
It's the "what if they treat us the way we treat them" fear
