Peters might get good.
Man, I still don't get it.
I agree, and this is a good example. I don't consider independent leagues minor leagues.
You're absolutely normal, don't worry. Even my dad, who knows baseball pretty good (we chat about baseball every weekend when I see him) didn't know there were independent leagues, or had forgotten, when a local one cropped up and built a ballpark a few miles away. I had to clarify for him that there was no affiliation, and it wasn't an MiLB team. Now, strictly speaking, independent leagues are minor leagues. But they're not Minor Leagues, if you catch my drift. That distinction is HUGE in baseball, but to normal people who just want to go see the ballgame, it's minimal.
I believe it.
Ty Cobb. Nobody, considering he is at worst considered top 3 all time.
The Browns would win, and it wouldn't be close.
I just can't be bothered with that crap anymore so I just watch on the official channels, or torrent sites if the ads bother me enough because I'm a bad person.
I thought he was hilarious. Once you get used to him he's really in a league of his own.
Wait. I thought they were going to be called the Buttons!
I've got one. George Stallings. I dare you!
Yeah with the birthday thing it's pretty easy. Oh well.
Great name. I saw guy launch one into CENTER field tiger stadium.
Yes. The Tigers uniform has more beltloops than any other uniform in the MLB. I think aesthetically it's great but I absolutely hate tons of beltloops and I would rather have the long loops of the other teams' pants.
This was a good article. Thank you.
Well, they shouldn't be hugely different unless a lot of time has gone by, like a month.
I thought we earned that through the nineties and the historically bad 2003 season.
I mean in person.
This appears to be based on census data. The census has options for white, black, Asian, a few other things. North Africans, Europeans, those in the Middle East, to the US census, they're white. There is a separate checkbox for Hispanics, who can be of any race and also Hispanic. Most are white Hispanics. As a result, a Mexican, an Englishman, a Russian, a Moroccan, and an Iraqi are white to the US Census Bureau.
Oh okay, I didn't know how they worked. And yes, I do want a phone 6-7 years old, as I told the guy the simplest way to do this, and to me, simplest also means cheapest if it introduces zero complications for the effect he wants.
There is a deleted comment chain under this comment obviously joking about people humblebragging about penis size. I have a serious question it made me think about. I wonder if a similar style complaint, but one for women's attractive figures is considered humblebragging or genuine complaining. So, something like "I can't buy off the rack due to my figure, I have to get things tailored." For example, having very large breasts can make finding the right clothes very difficult, or having a thin waist with extremely wide hips makes jeans shopping a chore, and you are likely to get them tailored. These are real, significant problems, but because the body type is generally considered sexually attractive, I wonder if it's perceived as a humblebrag. Can anyone with greater social awareness than I chime in on this?
He didn't shrink it after moving it. This is what mine looks like. https://i.imgur.com/Q806zrv.png
Mine is slightly thinner from my extremely rudimentary examination on my phone matching the size of the windows logo.
I may be biased but I think the Tigers won that.
I know a lot of sport fans hate this, but I like all the teams in our division. The old East, now there was some dislike there for sure...but AL Central? All a bunch of nice fellas. The Twins are the nicest of the fellas. Glad you guys went from 100 losses to playoffs.
Wait what are we talking about?
He's not good on panel shows, albeit not bad. He's hilarious when writing his own stuff though. When he left Newsjack, the whole last series he was making jokes about him leaving, and brexit, and came up with the portmanteau "Nishjackxit" and I laughed and laughed because deep down I am a child.
If Reddit perceives that you have made an error of some kind, you get downvoted. For example, recently there was a thread somewhere about syncing live wallpapers and someone asked the easiest way to do it. Well, the easiest way is with two Android phones, and I said that. The main link did it with iPhones, so I was corrected as if I didn't know what an iPhone was. I, of course, did, and replied as such explaining why it was easier with Android phones, and that someone could pick them up for free online. Another person replied that iPhones were free, which is of course vanishingly rare. I got tons of downvotes, he got many upvotes, despite basically flat out lying, *all because I was perceived to have made an error.* That is the nature of the beast. In this subreddit don't bother ranting, nobody cares about downvotes. It's pretty much irrelevant here.
Nobody was that dominant in a sport except maybe Babe Ruth, who hit more home runs some yards than multiple teams combined iirc.
I did until this last Owl, and I say that as a Michigan fan who's been a fan of Brady his whole career. Now it's pretty much a done deal debate.
It should be on one of those NFL Top 10 greatest forgotten throws show things. Most of the time, those "forgotten" things aren't forgotten at all, and are actually part of the narrative that makes the important thing even more amazing. This one will likely be forgotten because it was of almost zero consequence whatsoever. What a great throw.
Competitive high school ball.
How dare you. :P In Detroit, our first allegiance is to the Tigers. It might be because their logo is literally the most famous and easiest way to refer to the city at this point (seriously, the D just means Detroit. We even call Detroit "The D"). It might be because they are old. Our second allegiance is to the Wings. Our distant third and fourth allegiances are to the newer teams, the Lions and the Pistons, respectively. I cannot even fathom not being a fan of the local baseball team. I mean dude. No big deal not being a fan of the football team. You can watch or listen to other national games all the time. You may never go to the football game, and they only happen on Sundays. But you pretty much can only watch one baseball team unless you pay, and going to the baseball game and sitting in the shitty right field bleachers for $5 on a whim virtually any night of the summer is SO good, it's just so much easier to be a fan of the local team. The Pirates are going to start trying to jockey into a better winning position in the future through building the team up in a sneaky way. Don't throw away what can be a beautiful fan experience supporting them through this, seeing new guys come in from the Indians and slowly turning into great players, cheap as butts seats, and catharsis for your next pennant win, the first one since 79. Keep the faith.
Considering I use a cane, I'd still bet on 10 at fastest.
I think that people often don't consider a walk success, but a consolation prize.
1 year, $120 Million
I'll do it for cheap enough seats
TIL I am a bad tipper. When getting drinks for my friends I give the bartender a dollar every 3 drinks or so since we only ever get $2 drinks.
Probably Mikie Mahtook.
So in the old days when you hit a walk off homer and you only got credit for the number of bases and RBIs needed to win, those don't count?
Give me the best Mike Trout in each position stats
Nope. I thought Austentatious was good, but it was only a single half hour programme and doesn't provide nearly the number of laughs as John Finnemore's Souvenir Programme does.
Just go on the Radio 4 website.
Hey don't worry. Most of us go off completely half cocked and nobody knows you're a dog on the internet. Also just because you haven't played doesn't make you any better than us, who as far as I can tell ALSO never played. What parks haven't you made it to yet? And have you been to the new Louisville park? I hear it's really nice, even though they are a Reds affiliate now.
Yes
Honestly this sounds like stuff me and my friends would do to each other. There would be laughing all around! I think both sides would be funny if you were friends!
Can't be worse than Sanchez last year.
What, like the National League All Stars?
This is correct.
Most of the big Halo talent left before that. A few left before Halo 2 went, a lot before Halo 3, and more before Reach.
That's because the media company that owns rights in the UK block the shows they think they can still make money from on YouTube.
I can't even fathom how we didn't do those.
The joke was about Hoyer being as good as Brady when he's obviously not.
Wait so the current hornets also have the New Orleans history?
I will become a lifelong Mets fan if he has an at bat in the NL. Life long. That's literally DOZENS of dollars per year.
Same thing here. My dad always loved Brady since we're a Michigan household, but I didn't think he was very good. Bledsoe was who I thought should have played.
Would ANYONE say no to this?!
It's an interesting mix. For example, the Perth Heat have Warwick Saupold, who is arguably the best reliever on the Tigers, so he's a real deal big leaguer. They also have guys like Jesse Williams who is an 18 year old. Former big leaguers, current single A prospects, career Aussies, AA level indie ballers, top Taiwanese players. It's wild the talent swings you get.
Usually at least one does, depending on the team.
Those are big cities. I mean like a 300 person city. There's often no gas station, bank, or drug store.
Guys. What if Foles is actually good and that one year wasn't a fluke?
He's a doubtless TOTW Hero though.
I'm not worried about Mussina getting in. He will in the next few years.
All the dollar stores near me have everything cost a dollar.
I don't know. Do they?
The image of new york is predominantly neoclassical.
These are the worst pretzels though.
Why aren't you guys re-signing them? Too much dough?
Miguel Cabrera, Michael Fulmer, Henrik Zetterberg, Matthew Dadford, Golden Tate, and the 5 guys the Tigers traded this off-season.
Pretty sure Klubot just won a Cy Young.
Do you think Jeff Fisher could get a job as a QB coach for teams during tank seasons so when he gets fired the QBs can instantly become good? Or like as added trade value, have him coach the backup QBs, so the team who gets the backup knows they're getting a franchise QB?
Fuck if I know. My team can't even be mentioned.
Shhhh.
I started with 20k in coins. It's nigh impossible to do with zero capital.
Boy you did the right thing.
They've sold me.
Big Ben seems to be doing this.
Oh I like that. It keeps me up to date with good pitching performances, but not great ones I'd hear about in the paper.
Eh we're all right. I think it's because we always expect to do great and then we're just pretty good.
What if we do the fWAR to inch of height ratio?
Correct.
Do you live in a state where the restaurant is legally obliged to pay them minimum wage if they make less than that with tips?
No.
I never get tired of Brent Rambo
Wait. What are you buying with the coins?
Wait. How did you get so many badges?
Man. Scott Podsednik. That is one of those guys who had an absolutely amazing career without being famous in any way. All Star, walk off in the World Series, leading the league in stolen bases, and he spent 10 years in the minors. Absolutely nobody in 10 years will know who this guy is outside of Chicago. Could you imagine being his kids when they have a 20 year anniversary of that win and seeing an entire big league baseball stadium cheering for your dad, who you knew was a former baseball player, but never knew how important he was?
They're on TVC and MAM. If nobody provides you with links in the next week, let me know and I'll get them for you.
In baseball, cheating is only wrong if you get caught and continue to do it.
If he gets a single at bat in the national league, I will buy a jersey, hat, and become a Mets fan for life.
Your parents don't have a radio?! By god. I have 6. One in my bedroom, an HD radio in the living room, a hand windy portable one with a flashlight attached for power outages, a shortwave/MW combo unit, and a portable one to listen to while going to games.
I don't believe they exist.
The tigers are going to run the table, fellas. Undefeated since rally goose.
Slough.
100%. I agree, legitimately. I think that's why baseball has been getting less popular.
Most of my baseball caps are Expos hats.
Could you imagine if Verlander and the NL pitcher, Scherzer, were on the same team? Unstoppable.
Yeah that year was insane.
Same!
YOU ARE WRONG AND HAMISH IS THE FUNNIEST MAN SOUTH OF THE EQUATOR.
Many grocery stores won't do this, as the extra cost is for labour. Parts are cheaper if they're bigger because they require less work. For example, at the place I worked at, to ground the pork shoulder if we had just done hamburger, it would require a 10 minute clean, 4 minutes of grinding (you do it 3 times), then another 10 minute clean. That costs the store an easy $6 of labour even if it's a low level guy. A journeyman or something? Over $10.
I wish they selected me. :(
Jesus Christ look at that Verlander WAR.
Desktop computer mostly.
The Lions fans have a unique case of heartbreak among the big sports. There are retired people who have only seen one playoff win for the Lions. One. Most people in Michigan have no hope. For example, my nephew said the other day at memorial day that he thinks the Lions will get to the Owl soon. We all laughed at him and let him know he's been born into a life of disappointment. We aren't just not going to win the Super Bowl, like the Red Sox didn't win the World Series in forever, we aren't even going to win the fucking pennant. We ain't never been there and we ain't never gonna. That's the attitude among most people. Many straight up quit following the Lions because of this, which is fine, since the Michigan football program is arguably the greatest of all time, and State is also not the worst. Even bad years they win most games. We had the greatest running back of all time in Barry Sanders, and he's still probably the most popular player in our history. Among NFL fanbases, the NFC North has real, actual rivalries which have been around for nigh 100 years. The Vikings are still a relatively new team, so even when they're good, the hate isn't there. We don't like the Bears or Packers. That said, I actually do because I always root for rust belt teams. In general, though, the Lions are kind of culturally the 3rd string team behind the Tigers and Red Wings. Yes, we still love football like all Americans, and yes more people could name 5 Lions than 5 Wings, but it's just not quite...part of the city...I guess. Hard to explain. They're newer, and spent a good chunk of time out in Pontiac, but I'm not sure that gets to why it's not the same. I'll explain it this way: when Matthew Dadford is out and about, he wears a Tigers cap (of course, repping the Tigers is an inherent part of being a Detroiter. The D logo straight up MEANS Detroit. The Tigers are inextricably linked to the city). You see more Wings merch out there than Lions merch, too. So while the Lions may be the most talked about team, and definitely the most watched team due to the broadcast rights, in the heart of Detroiters, they're #3, and by and large we're pessimistic.
Should change name to Firbeirds.
Btw I cannot recommend The Year Babe Ruth Hit 104 Home Runs enough. While it's common for internet baseballists now to downplay Babe Ruth's accomplishments, in that he wasn't facing guys throwing 100, or black players, there's also a thread amongst those (somewhat) legitimate gripes claiming he got more home runs than he should have based on rule changes, like automatic doubles. What that book does is it takes everything, updates it to modern rules, and then sees how many homers The Babe would have gotten, among other things. Turns out, he was, if anything, hurt by the rules then. The book is an exhaustive and incredibly interesting exposé on the man's utter and complete dominance of the sport. My dad still says Ty Cobb is the best to ever play the game. He might be right, and I thought so too. Then I read this book, and to me it is clear it was Babe Ruth.
That's a tiny ass piece of paper.
Pretty much.
I don't understand.
It's all the fault of KMOX.
Nobody. Luckily, we have retired Bill Freehan's #11 all but officially.
I had a photo I took of Hayley for a while, but neither my current phone or desktop setup works well with it. Photo: http://imgur.com/XEgSl.jpg On my phone today. https://imgur.com/tTip7mp
Good K rate though.
Labov still does good work even today. Source: degree in linguistics.
Because he hasn't been bad.
What a time to be alive.
The Midwest League is just A, not A-Advanced.
He definitely heard me yelling at him from 321 to go to third.
Does anyone know if they added back in the ability to listen to the radio commentary with the video?
Anyone know if MLB.tv has added back in the ability to listen to the radio commentary with video yet?
It hasn't been there on the web player so far this season.
How are the Twins above us
Let me have this righteous indignation.
Oh shit. This guy doesn't pull punches.
Oh, awesome! Looks like I'm buying in now!
The problem is on their end. The footage is SD and terribly compressed. There are also ZERO features. The mobile client doesn't have a pause button or a scrubber. It just plays. No time to watch the whole 2 hour game? That blows.
He's not hitting well.
I did. It seems like he just stood there.
I'LL ALLOW IT.
Goddammit
Seconded.
Same. Did great in that European cuppy thing. Look, I don't know shit about soccer. Rugby all the way.
Association football.
I'm so out of it I don't even know who they are, and they're already on hiatus. A whole apparently good band lived and died and I never knew.
The Yankees have well over 27 rings, since you get one for winning the pennant.
Yeah a lot of baby bonus fellas did back then.
The literally correct number of rings hill is a stupid hill, but it's the one I am willing to die on.
Mahtook looks and plays fine. Still getting his bat back, but he IS getting it back.
TIL that growler is some kind of jug. I thought it was just slang for the lady parts. Is it just local to this area, or have I missed it when I lived elsewhere?
Yeah but we're still paying him.
Yeah. Return to the store. Defective. Not for resale.
If you pick dudes who the subreddit hasn't collectively deemed the best, you're gonna have a bad time.
I'm heating to the Michigan show. Also called Funkmon on Twitter.
You have strange favorites.
Quadruple buggywhip!
Wasn't Bonderman there?
Let me have this.
Yeah, I remember NFL 2K on the Dreamcast. Amazing game. Great greaphics, too.
You really can, but not as bright. You can easily see big features like the Scutum Star Cloud, the great rift, and large nebulæ and clusters, but it's a smoky grey. When you have been places, it may have been the wrong time of night, or you might have thought it was wispy cloud cover or something.
I think getting to the ALCS, despite losing, was much much better than 2003.
Unsure. I have nosebleeds in the right field stands, but we might move to good ones.
This is fun here guys. Lots of Dodgers fans out here!
Unsure. Roberts is smart. There must have been a reason to which we aren't privy.
Wat. I went to the bathroom and missed the entire fifth inning. What happened?! Was that when he was thrown out?
Meh
Lol. I love that he knows he owned that guy.
Try The Year Babe Ruth hit 104 home runs. While it's common for internet baseballists now to downplay Babe Ruth's accomplishments, in that he wasn't facing guys throwing 100, or black players, there's also a thread amongst those (somewhat) legitimate gripes claiming he got more home runs than he should have based on rule changes, like automatic doubles. What that book does is it takes everything, updates it to modern rules, and then sees how many homers The Babe would have gotten, among other things. Turns out, he was, if anything, hurt by the rules then. The book is an exhaustive and incredibly interesting exposé on the man's utter and complete dominance of the sport. My dad still says Ty Cobb is the best to ever play the game. He might be right, and I thought so too. Then I read this book, and to me it is clear it was Babe Ruth.
I don't think this is accurate. For example, if you combine the Reds and Pirates win totals, you have over 50, nearly sixty. I would wager that the NL has probably 500 wins or something.
I believe that is still unknown.
Thanks! I watched the last few years. Amusing!
Yeah but that's because he's at center.
You can try another type of changeup, like a palmball. It might work for you really well. Circle changes are pretty solid, and so are splitters if your hands are big enough. Do you have a sinker or two seamer?
Yes.
I had almost the same thing happen to me in a local forum, where some people were talking about boycotting a local business based on an allegation of sexist hiring practices. I said I wouldn't do the boycott because I prefer the due process of law to guide my decisions. Banned for being sexist.
Same, but my NL team, the Dodgers. We're listening to the same game!
In general, most of them know them. The problem in Short Season A is the age of the kiddos. They won't have seen, or won't have appreciated, such movies as Bull Durham or Field of Dreams. They just haven't had the time.
Good for him! I wish him great success.
Technically yes, but practically no. That said, I wouldn't mind him out in right and DHing our current RF.
I just had his Astros card so I remember him in that uniform. I also had one of him in a Mets uniform.
Here in Detroit, those ungodly backyard transplants are uncommon, but not rare. People absolutely put 454s in Lincolns and Plymouths and shit.
I actually think it's cooler. I love that someone put an asterisk on it, even though in my opinion Barry Bonds got and deserved all the records he has. It's a really special thing that shows the talk about the home run records. It's as much a historical artifact as the ball itself.
Yay?
What a time to be alive.
Himself.
Good. Those forums were awful. I genuinely think the world will be better with them being a gone from the internet.
As I always say, if he gets a single at bat in the National League, I'll buy a hat, jersey, and become a Mets fan for life.
Jesse. You're from Miami or Kansas or something, and have worked for multiple teams. How long does it take to feel like the team for whom you're working is YOUR team? I know you like rooting for your guys because you know them and work with them, but at what point do you start rooting for the Dolphins or Padres or whatever because they are your team now? Does it ever happen? Will you always be a fan of your childhood teams?
I wonder if we'll see him pass Omar on the way up, then again on the way down.
Because the city foots the bill for a new stadium every 20 years, and the private companies have no incentive to not be wasteful with these free funds. That said, there are situations where a stadium can really help a city's downtown area. Even though the money may be a loss, the helpful effect of the stadium, depending on who you are, may be worth it.
Exactly. So, depending on who you are, the effect may be worth it. For example, in Detroit, the economy was depressed in the nineties and thriving in the suburbs, where the Lions and Pistons played. Now, those guys have moved downtown, and the Tigers and Wings are there too. Development around them started in earnest, taking money from the suburbs and reinvesting it into Detroit. As those neighbourhoods got better, people spent more time downtown from across the state and out of the county. As more people spent time downtown, a privately funded streetcar was built. Parks were redone. A privately funded riverwalk was built. People are moving into the city and starting weird hipster companies or tech startups. Can this be linked directly to Comerica Park moving right downtown in 1999, and Ford Field shortly after, and Little Caesar's arena shortly after that? No. But, it all happened after that, and it all radiated outward from the place the stadiums are. Even if you don't think the stadiums helped the downtown Detroit area in any substantial way, they DID take money from the rich suburbs and put it in the poor downtown area, which, to some people, is good enough. Even if you inexplicably think that it didn't take money from rich suburbs and put it downtown, we have to ask if it's necessary for the state to make a profit. Taxes fund parks all the time, which you have to pay to use in some ways. Does the net, unquantifiable, benefit to the populace locally outweigh the cost, like a park? How many peoples' lives are better because they can finally see the Lions easily? What price is that worth? To some, it's worth investing millions of tax money to a stadium. I am not some people. I am highly anti-taxes, to a ridiculous amount, but to those with different views, some publicly funded stadiums are worth it.
It probably is. It's just an English accent, from those who speak English. In general, English speakers speaking French have the same issues, regardless whence in the Anglosphere they were raised.
Sadly, no I'm not. You seem to misunderstand the point I'm making, that to some people, these things are worth it.
No doubt. Especially in Arlington.
Weird that Matt Kemp is doing so well but his WAR is low and Leonys Martin is doing okay and his WAR is high. Centerfield vs corner spot?
It's fairly common among younger people. Teenage years and early twenties. They don't want to have sex, because that's bad. Oral is not, strictly speaking, sex, as there is no procreation possibility. Hence, their rationale is that it's fine.
I was in Chicago with my nephew for the Cubs games last week. Kyle Farmer was up to pinch hit. I told him "hey, this guy's first at bat was a pinch hit walk off RBI, then essentially got stripped down to his undies on national TV. Maybe we'll get the go ahead run here!" And he did it. What a hero
Tigers radio color guy and former catcher calls it being intimidated by the tall buildings. If a guy does well in his debut, he'll say "he likes the tall buildings."
Very interesting.
Wat
He's in a senior men's mailbox smashing league.
I would love it if our one required player were Miguel "out for the year" Cabrera.
Nah. The year before, the NL, drunk with power after the AL success of the DH, also eliminated the first base position, forcing a DH. But, it meant "deep hands." The idea was they would back up a centerfielder on long flies. A lot of you guys are young, so you probably don't remember the home run boom at that time clearly. It wasn't King Kong getting to the play and launching the ball into the Hudson, it was deceptively quick guys like Sammy Sosa and McGwire hitting what would normally be triples or doubles and tremendously bad fielding by the DH, who was usually the old first baseman, resulting in inside the parkers. Palmeiro was actually decent, so he got the glove. It was still given to the first baseman, as the DH was still an experiment. They stopped after Barry Bonds hit a billion homers or whatever so we are back to normal.
You can see it in minor league games too. It's really cut the play time down, and I barely notice it any more.
I disagree. I don't know a single person who considers Calvin Johnson the best Lion of all time.
She sounds hot
&gt;Batting average tells you how many hits a player gets per at bat. &gt;And is that something you care to know? Yes.
Tigers = baseball gods.
I've actually been noticing this! I noticed a trend! I never notice these things! Luckily fashion hasn't moved on from low loose boot cut jeans, middle hair parting and small thin sunglasses or I would be in big trouble.
WHAT? CAN YOU REPEAT THAT?
They did not originally mean the same thing, nor are they cognate. I would expect that there's not a massively regional component to it, as dank is *likely* from Old Norse in the Danelaw, and damp is *likely* from Dutch. They had utility in that damp meant a deadly or noxious gas. Dank meant a wetness. Damp slowly came to mean the same thing as dank excepting for highly specific uses, such as in mining, where it has fallen out of everyday usage, where it also refers to a toxic gas. How? Simple. Imagine a visible toxic vapour, like smoke or something. Damp would refer to that. Now, most vapours aren't toxic, but because we know damp means something in the air, we can refer to something like fog as a morning damp. Fog is moist. Damp means moist. And so on.
This changed my life.
When was the last time this was done in the American League?
Well... He's skinny compared to Bos.
Buehrle is the poster boy for the Hall of Very Good. However, if I were the benevolent dictator of the world, I would change the hall of fame to literally the hall of fame. Beloved 15 year ace known by everyone like Buerhle? You're in. Kirk Gibson is in by virtue of his walkoff homer. Maris is in. Jack Morris is in as a Twin for that CGSO in the world series. Pete Rose is in. Gallaraga is in. Tebow and Jordan are in. Can anyone else think of famous baseball players who would be in the "hall of fame" that aren't in the Hall of Fame?
I disagree. Bo and Tony Conigliaro, yes. The rest, no.
Since it will come up again, the George Brett story. https://youtu.be/PseNrUeSmXk
I will personally give you $5 to flair me so I don't have to post this every time in the hopes enough people will see it and it influences their decision to call him up.
I will allow it since it would count towards his NL stats.
Tebow. I hate all the teams he was on. He just seems like such a swell fella.
Sure! Unless the beers are stupid expensive. That craft beer thingy behind the lawn? Pine Tap?
It's no joke
Jesus christ. Well, whatevs. I found a stand with limearitas for $10.50, which is like 2 light beers in booze. That's probably the best bet.
Probably. They had better call him up and give him a shot.
Okay! I will stop by before Paramore starts!
100% all in!
The Mariners have Andrew Romine who has an 89 mph heater, an okay slider, and a change.
Let's think about this. Let's propose that we know we have become the best player in the world overnight. I would drive down to the local indie league team, show I can throw 105 or hit anything thrown at me, after annoying them enough to get me a tryout. Big league scouts are there pretty regularly, every few weekends. After I pitch 4 CGSOs and hit 15 homers after a month, I figure I get signed. I do the same at A ball, I'm up to AA in 3 weeks. I do the same there, I'm in AAA. I get the September callup. I make it to the bigs by September and make the team out of spring training next year. Worst case scenario, I get signed late in the summer, go to short season A or something, dominate, and make the team out of spring training. At latest we're talking Opening Day.
Do you work in a tech industry thing?
Nah it happened. He was a chef in San Francisco who was into leather and stuff, which she kinda was. I don't like that stuff, so I foolishly told her to upload pictures there because I knew people would like them and it would make her feel good. She had a post in the top 100 all time for a while. Anyway, that's over.
Wat. Alex Wilson was good people!
Been trying that for thirty years. I'm now trying other stuff to see if I can get it going. I'm close to trying some of the other related religions, honestly.
I've been trying that last one for a long time. My whole life. The problem is, I haven't actually found that. I always find problems I can't get past. Charismatic church congregations seem to want god strongly, but they also seem to lack any true basis for their beliefs, picking and choosing things to care about, seemingly arbitrarily, which to me, seems like they're worshipping their own version of god, not THE god. Every church, when talking about Jesus, seems to have its own version. It's like a bunch of different gods, and not a one has struck me as actually god. By the very passage you use, among others, I consistently find myself leaning towards Roman Catholicism. The church is supposed to be catholic. That's in its name. They have a central authority and rules their members follow, and work to bring other churches into communion...but I feel nothing at their churches. I'm hoping to find a denomination essentially like that, with a central authority and bureaucracy to help eliminate quarrelling, but not them.
I may, but I'm going to try to exhaust my attempts at Christianity first. Jesus said "Behold, I stand at the door, and knock. If any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me." I can't hear him knocking, so I'm trying all of the doors I can find, hoping when I open one, he'll be there. I don't want to quit opening those doors, as he says he's the way, the truth, and the life.
I agree. I'd only say that ironically.
[8]
They had a three way game between the dodgers, the Giants, and the Yankees once iirc.
Try the amateur radio subreddit. While we're all enthusiasts here, few of us build our own radios. Many over there do, even though the medium wave is less popular.
Shit man this one I knew too. Sad times.
I dun got got!
&gt;Find God through Jesus Christ, all you need is faith the size of a mustard seed and you will be able to move mountains. So far nothing. &gt;Here is your problem. My problem is that I've been trying for my whole life and I don't know what to do anymore other than trying new churches? &gt;You should try praying. Then read some scripture or books on Christianity. God will help you make your decision. You're being pedantic. That's like step 1, man. Imagine if I had said that I have been trying to make a good loaf of bread for 30 years and it just never turns out right, and you said "try buying flour." I've read C.S. Lewis and a few other books. They do nothing. I read new books on the subject fairly frequently in addition to the Bible. That isn't the problem. I don't know what the problem is, but that isn't it. I am trying to solve it by trying new churches right now, and you're not helping me. It's fine to not help, of course, but you're being condescending and that's insulting.
It would be easier to build a slightly larger FM receiver that broadcast the audio to a Bluetooth earphone.
Lol. Dude, politics has been that way for at least 5 or 6 years.
It's so weird looking at the Moon backwards and upside down.
I don't understand any of this.
Meh
The entirety of the Halo series as well.
This is a good post.
No, but the game has almost nothing to do with physical ability, as long as you're moderately fit. It's almost purely aim and strategy. Mixed gender curling teams are popular as well.
Try Nightfall from the CBC and CBS Radio Mystery Theater. Those are the biggest best horror/mystery series from those decades.
Famous Anus stares at Poe, the smell of death surrounding him. Knowing Poe's cartoonishly slow head turning speed, he has time to recite a small poem he wrote for Poe. He yells it at the pitcher. "Tis noontide of summer, And not quite yet night; And players with their gloves Shine pale, thro' the light Of the brighter, the hurler 'Mid fielders, eyes mean. Himself on the high mound, Their feet on the green. I gaze awhile On his cold smile; Too cold- too cold for me- There pass, as a shroud, A fleecy cloud, And I turn away to thee, I use my pine tar And aim to hit it far, A homer thy pitch shall be." The crowd silences in reverence. Quoth the Anus, "4 3 4."
It shouldn't since it's not a pro league. There are dozens and dozens of wood bat collegiate leagues out there.
The AA is a great league. Lots of good fun there, great stadiums, sometimes very high level play. Sometimes not. But sometimes really good!
I'm fine with that if it's especially long like his was.
It's a common setup for small stadiums.
I don't think it's inherently bad if a person supported Trump over Johnson last election. Johnson was the reason I didn't vote Libertarian that year. What a mess. The other problems are valid, though, a bit of an overreaction.
Correct.
Borderline case like Baines but I wouldn't be displeased.
What a time to be alive
Found Tony Boselli's Reddit account.
Yes. There's also a huge difference between Too Big To Walk, a book written by an absolute moron with no noble intentions other than to get paid to write a book, and A Short History.
It could be the ever so slight controversy regarding her. While she was a popular musician and actress, she posed nude for magazines and was stripped of her Miss America title. At that time, this kind of stuff might have just led them to replace her since it didn't really matter who was on the list.
I hope they get Bryce.
No. It isn't.
I don't understand.
What does one way in one way out mean?
He went on a racist tirade?
Impressive. I have never really seen this one except with averted vision and then just barely. So diffuse.
It must have been rough on his family for him to be silent for 3 months.
Most of that movie doesn't make sense and it isn't supposed to. While they did lose a lot of corn, unless they were properly truly barely making a living, it shouldn't have mattered that much. I advise you to not think about it too much, and so do the movie's creators in the directors commentary.
I have been on that subreddit for years and still haven't paid. I feel like an imposter.
Oh my god yes. He's a bad guy! I totally spaced. I'm sorry. It's been 15 years.
I'm gonna take a Reddit break for a while fellas. Let me know if good shit happens.
I now like Drew Brees less.
I'd definitely quit working.
Outrageous as it was to open a leaden coffin, to see if a man dead nearly a week were really dead, it now seemed the height of folly to open the tomb again, when we knew, from the evidence of our own eyesight, that the coffin was empty. I shrugged my shoulders, however, and rested silent, for Van Helsing had a way of going on his own road, no matter who remonstrated. He took the key, opened the vault, and again courteously motioned me to precede. The place was not so gruesome as in the first, but oh, how unutterably mean looking when the sunshine streamed in. Van Helsing walked over to Buttfart's coffin, and I followed. He bent over and again forced back the leaden flange, and a shock of surprise and dismay shot through me. There lay Buttfart, seemingly just as we had seen him in the first. He was, if possible, more radiantly beautiful than ever, and I could not believe that he was dead. The eye was brown, nay browner than before, and on the cheeks was a delicate bloom. "Are you convinced now?" said the Professor, in response, and as he spoke he put over his hand, and in a way that made me shudder, pulled back the dead lips and showed the white teeth. "See," he went on, "they are even sharper than before. With this and this," and he touched one of the canine teeth and that below it, "the little children can be bitten. Are you of belief now, friend John?" Once more argumentative hostility woke within me. I could not accept such an overwhelming idea as he suggested. So, with an attempt to argue of which I was even at the moment ashamed, I said, "He may have been placed here since last inning" "Indeed? That is so, and by whom?" I had no answer for this, so was silent. Van Helsing did not seem to notice my silence. At any rate, he showed neither chagrin nor triumph. So we locked the tomb and came away, and got over the wall of the clubhouse, which was not much of a task, and walked back to the luxury suite. Even as we made our way to the second level, the fiend's music began to play on the field. Van Helsing, seeming as though he expected such a thing, looked over to the diamond. "And yet he lives. Surely you can no longer deny the nature of our Doctor. The diabolical creature has turned into ethereal fumes to procure a sack out of turn, has taken chiropteric form, and is both alive and dead even as we observe his at bat. He is the UnDead." "I have yet to be convinced," I insolently said, however, privately I was beginning to shudder at the thought of this UnDead creature, and to loathe it. We watched him at the plate. Still in human guise for the moment, Buttfart, or the thing that inherited his corporeal form, relished in the audience's cheers. They knew not for what devilry they applauded. He swung swiftly, and with little ado, for him. 777
I don't consider it arguable that he's top 3 all time. I would not be particularly surprised if someone tried here. Hence, probably.
I'm glad to do so if people don't read what I said about it.
It was Jose Iglesias, because he doesn't try very hard or run out balls. Now basically the whole team is gone so who knows.
Why don't you like John Hicks?
But he's so nice
Baseball stadiums listed alphabetically.
Doesn't seem like it to me.
Is it not Shop Around The Corner?
Man it would be awesome to win more than one playoff game ever.
“Bye, Professor.” I walked up the stairs slowly, a heavy stupor clouding my mind. I went through the motions of getting ready for the end of the game without paying any attention to what I was doing. I sat on the couch in a daze. My mind still swirled dizzily, full of images I couldn’t understand, and some I fought to repress. Nothing seemed clear at first, but as I fell gradually closer to unconsciousness, a few certainties became evident. About three things I was absolutely positive. First, Buttfart was a vampire. Second, there was part of him—and I didn’t know how potent that part might be—that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him. I woke up some time later. It was hard, in the fifth, to argue with the part of me that was sure last time was a dream. Logic wasn’t on my side, or common sense. I clung to the parts I couldn’t have imagined—like his smell. I was sure I could never have dreamed that up on my own. Ugh. "Hello." I didn’t see where he came from, but suddenly he was there in the luxury suite, pulling the door open for me. “Do you want to sit with me in the dugout?” he asked, amused by my expression as he caught me by surprise yet again. There was uncertainty in his voice. He was really giving me a choice—I was free to refuse, and part of him hoped for that. It was a vain hope. “Yes, thank you,” I said, trying to keep my voice calm. “Are you ready for some ball?” Buttfart asked, his eyes eager, bright. I tried to sound appropriately enthusiastic. “Go team!” He snickered and, after mussing my hair, bounded off, beckoning me to follow. His run was more aggressive, a cheetah rather than a gazelle, and he quickly reached the field. The grace and power took my breath away. I just sat on the bench. Buttfart in the sunlight was shocking. I couldn't get used to it, even though I’d been staring at him all afternoon. His skin, white despite the faint flush from running, literally sparkled, like thousands of tiny diamonds were embedded in the surface. He stood perfectly still at the fence of the dugout, his shirt open over his sculpted, incandescent chest, his scintillating arms bare. His glistening, pale lavender lids were shut, though of course he didn’t sleep. A perfect statue, carved in some unknown stone, smooth like marble, glittering like crystal. He turned back at me. His lovely eyes seemed to glow with rash excitement. “Don’t be afraid,” he murmured, his velvet voice unintentionally seductive. “I promise…” He hesitated. “I swear not to hurt you.” He seemed more concerned with convincing himself than me. “Don’t be afraid,” he whispered again as he stepped closer, with exaggerated slowness. He sat sinuously, with deliberately unhurried movements, till our faces were on the same level, just a foot apart. "I'm not afraid... I was hoping that you were going to change me, so we can be together.” A dozen emotions played across his face. Some I recognized: anger… pain… and then he seemed to collect himself and his expression became amused. “So ready for this to be the end,” he murmured, almost to himself, “for this to be the twilight of your life, though your life has barely started. You’re ready to give up everything.” “It’s not the end, it’s the beginning,” I disagreed under my breath. His mercurial mood shifted on me. He pursed his lips, and his eyes were probing. He examined my face for a long moment. “You’re ready now, then?” he asked. “Um.” I gulped. “Yes?” Buttfart smiled, and inclined his head slowly until his cold lips brushed against the skin just under the corner of my jaw. “Right now?” he whispered, his breath blowing cool on my neck. I shivered involuntarily. “Yes,” I whispered, so my voice wouldn’t have a chance to break. If he thought I was bluffing, he was going to be disappointed. I’d already made this decision, and I was sure. It didn’t matter that my body was rigid as a plank, my hands balled into fists, my breathing erratic… Suddenly Lynyrd Skynyrd started blaring. "And now up to bat, BUTTTTTTFFAAAAARRRRRRRRT MCPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPUS!" He chuckled darkly, and leaned away. His face did look disappointed, as he stepped to the plate. He turned around again. His eyes looked me up and down and traced the outline of my body. “I will stay with you—isn’t that enough?” I smiled under his mesmerizing gaze. “Enough for now.” Buttfart started the at bat. 7.
Live free or die, bro! Man I need to move to New Hampshire.
Yes.
Oh yes, quite a bit.
Ignore it. Only real solution is VPN, but again, you can almost definitely ignore it.
And one retirement is saved.
No.
Oh boy I haven't listened yet but do they do the 12 days of Christmas, as is tradition? Honestly and genuinely, it's something I look forward to at Christmas.
Your phone can do it, but there are also internet radios that will let you stream stations, just like on your computer. An Echo Dot is a cheap internet radio if you also want voice control, or you can get an expensive one with a remote. It will have to have internet access. Don't bother with the Bluetooth speaker if you don't want to listen from your phone. It'll just annoy you. Get a standalone internet radio.
It's the format most popular in the US, usually. But I've gotta go Hamish and Andy right now, even though they're temporarily off the radio.
Don't wish for such a thing. Sincerely, A fan of a team that has won one playoff game in the past 60 years.
Lou got dumped after a single ballot with 75 WAR, a ROTY, 3 gold gloves, 4 silver sluggers, 5 ASG, and being on those great Tigers teams of the 80s.
Anus is phoning it in this game. He asked Murphy and Jack and Henrik what to hit, because he's DHing which is a fucking joke and should be eliminated from the league, so he didn't scout. They said 69 but that's dumb. Famous Anus walks to the plate not even holding a bat, tells the ump his number, **798,** and sits back down in protest.
If you don't like baseball, you're unamerican and I literally think less of you as a human.
My sister April is Peepeeya.
A ball boy comes up to the umpire and hands him a note. 231. The umpire looks questioningly at the dugout. Bat boy: "he says that's what he's swinging and he shan't proceed with this farcical display of 'designated hitter,' and to do with his swing number what you will." The umpire finds Anus in the dugout. He's wearing two Gatorade cups on his eyes and flailing his stethoscope around his head with the earpieces up his nostrils. He stops for a moment. "DO THE SWING, BLUE." Anus resumes flopping his stethoscope around.
That's not true. One guy had a blank ballot.
My favourite method of cheating is to break no rules and do what others are doing.
Sounds like they won the pennant 5 times. Dynasty to me.
Well very simple. Max was offered like 25 mill a year. He wanted more. We were like wat. So he said he'd do free agency. Then he did and got a better offer. Then we got Jordan Zimmerman who was every bit an ace in Washington and forgot how to throw a slider in Detroit.
Verlander. Duh. Very last minutes the night of the waiver deadline. I was driving home and it hit midnight and I was like "hell yeah we keep JV!" then got a notification a little bit later that we dumped him off to the Astros. Me and my dad were following him closely. Actually the last game we were able to totally watch together was that CG in the playoffs. He then told me Mickey Lolich was better than Verlander. He's dead now but when JV makes it to the hall I'm gonna go over to his grave and let him know he's wrong so there.
3 of those were Tigers. Huh.
You're genuinely not though.
Tempted to remove but I don't understand the context.
That must have been a rough one.
If markakis gets 3000 hits and doesn't get in, I will riot, and only follow unaffiliated ball for the rest of my days.
How fast was his piss? Was it like a fire hose?
Did you get him to sign as the guy you pissed next to?
Tram did it in 88 exactly as described; I can't tell if the others mentioned have. Bote didn't, he hit it on a 2-2. https://youtu.be/a5XEqN_wxKw
Peddling.
Genuinely one of the greatest baseball quotes ever.
Boy howdy. That's a good question. I don't know but I'll call them some time next week and ask. Remind me on Monday.
Man. Try to be nice.
When did he become loved?
Definitely, but we have another post about it and we don't want to clutter the front page!
Book recommendation: the year babe Ruth Hit 104 home runs. With modern rules and ballpark dimensions, in 1921 the Babe would have hit 104. It's an exhaustive book detailing his absolute dominance of the game.
And yet dozens of other cities maintained minor league teams for a hundred years.
Oneonta was given to the Tigers, who moved it to Norwich, Connecticut. Small Town to small town.
Baseball: the subreddit where calling someone a dumb bitch is 133 points and reminding people to be nice is -70.
True but it's notable enough here that I believe the mods will allow it. Source: am mod.
This show is great.
He could have done another inning.
Well actually I'm a regular user here, and I definitely feel that way. I don't usually complain about it, but a large chunk of my admittedly few comments involve what I think is some harshness to the T part of our name.
What does that mean?
Psst. Automod removed this for some reason and I don't know why. Here's what I suggest. Save this post, and post it during the all Star break. I think people will get a kick out of arguing.
Dear guy who reported this for not being long enough and breaking the rules. Examine them again: it has a 110 MPH exit velocity meaning it's fine. I encourage everyone to read the rules on home run highlights. https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/wiki/rules?utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_medium=usertext&amp;utm_name=baseball&amp;utm_content=t5_2qm7u Basically any dong is allowed if the context is interesting enough by the rules.
That's nice of you.
Interesting, I guess. We don't want to clutter the front page with this unless there's some amazing context.
He looks like a baby deer trying to run on gravel.
They should sign Kimbrel or something.
Yes.
Luxemburger here: can confirm toilets look identical. However, they look fairly similar through much of Western Europe.
There's a post about it happening tonight.
Well I believe he tied in 93 with Hall of Very Good first balloter Juan Gonzalez.
How do you like wood bats v metal bats?
Oh my god are you my nephew?!
I'd spread a rumour he was HIV positive and have him smear a little blood on all the balls.
They can't all be winners.
Okay. Show the video. There will likely be more information.
My friend has a farm with a backyard. She keeps chickens there and grows corn about 30 feet beyond the house on the other side of the fence.
Man. Could we convince him to keep playing until he hits 300?
Oh snap.
Whoa. what do Kate and Jefferson say?
Well what if the team paid for the housing and that stuff?
Traditional categories by which MVPs are graded are absent from his cherry picked stats to make Trout look like the #1 in all offensive categories.
That's great!
Amusing, but we try to keep image macros off the front page. Try the around the horn thread.
Is this midtown?
No. As you get older you'll throw harder, and, while when you're young, velo matters a lot for pitchers with no skill in placement, you can do just as well with good location. Also you're throwing about normal for a 14u league iirc. Ask in the homeplate subreddit as well.
True! But we've already got some posts about this, so we need to try to keep the main page uncluttered, and I'm going to delete yours. It's awesome though!
You've gone too far!
I wish I had done that. My dad died a couple months ago. It occurs to me I won't know half of his stories.
Writeup of the year winner. I can say we made him Rockies MVP for that one.
Wow
Hey man. Don't be like that. Let's all be friends.
Oh yes. This is amusing.
That swear is automatically removed by automod.
I had to approve this but I'm not sure why.
Eh. Has he ever had fewer than 2 hits in a game?
I noticed his English accent.
Confusing title, but regardless, it's not quite enough for its own post. We usually need 8IP and/or 11 Ks.
Right. Any of the bonus babies with 2000+ hits would work. I don't know how many there are though.
This was amusing.
This is likely best asked in the around the horn thread or in the angels subreddit. :D
Again, they could, but they won't.
While I think you're incorrect in that they get a food stipend and they are paid, so it does pay the bills, even if we claim they don't get paid, does living one's dream have to pay the bills? It's my dream to be a lounge singer. I go to open mics and I am not that good, and I can't seem to get a paying gig. Are we demanding that all public house proprietors pay open mic night people 15000 a year because living their dreams for low pay isn't good enough?
Quality but inexpensive is hard at a brick and mortar. Charter Oaks are about $6-$7 at mine, so you could hypothetically buy 4. Some general crap by Rocky Patel is usually on sale and his sticks are okay.
Well, what you absolutely shouldn't do is just start ordering from random websites and try it out, because there's essentially no risk. That would be wrong and illegal.
It irritated me that there were palm trees in the background when he was in Nebraska.
Then it should be on everything.
You could have independent fire fighting contractors for an absurdly small town. An alarm goes up and the people in the area are alerted and get a share of the fee for putting it out. This isn't difficult. The owner could keep the fire truck at his house. In practice, a town with 20 calls per year doesn't have its own fire department anyway. They pay the nearest one to also cover them. That wouldn't need to change.
I'm not sure what you're asking.
Hey, don't get mad at me because you're too lazy to understand that literally 2000 years of firefighting have existed before it was widely publicly funded and what you perceive to be necessities are anything but. I don't know what you hope to accomplish by simply telling people to give you numbers and calling them retarded. You say your views can change but you literally just called me a fucking retard for giving you a rudimentary business model and costs for exactly what you asked. I understand you want to argue politics on the internet, but it's got to be a two way street. You cannot simply demand a person give you "numbers" and consider that any type of exchange of ideas. If you want to talk about it, talk about it. If you don't think I can run a private fire fighting force without insurance, ask me why I can't, don't just call me a retard. Come on. If we are having a talk, we need to talk. Be excellent to each other. This type of interaction will neither change your mind, nor will it do anything for those who disagree with you. You're wasting your time unless you put something into it. Come on.
Yes.
Haven't bought anything since forsaken.
What the fuck why didn't I know this
What's the advantage of that over the a320M? I don't anticipate needing 4 RAM slots.
As someone likely of your or the younger generation, I do not think he is. Ray Bradbury is put up on some kind of pedestal like a god and we were forced to read his books in high school. My nephew, now 14, has been assigned a Ray Bradbury book already. I showed him the viral video, made by millennials, Fuck Me Ray Bradbury. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1IxOS4VzKM Ray Bradbury is a great author, but I think if anything, he is overrated.
Honestly you're fine. They don't care. I have done this.
Goddammit
I knew Rebecca kind of okay, and I think her story is plausible and see no reason to disbelieve it. We used to be in the same circles, even at the time of elevatorgate, and men *did* constantly hit on her, some with more tact than others. She was always up for trying to tell people to be more aware of their interlocutor's feelings. Indeed, the whole point of the story was to relate something totally innocuous to most of us but illustrate how it can make people feel who have different experiences. Whether or not I agree with her politics, and I don't, I trust her. She is as genuine to me as anyone I have ever met. All her Sjwism, to me, seems to come from a legitimate desire for everyone to be happy and not to feel some sense of social superiority, like we see in others.
Yes, I agree.
I can't get it to work. The option doesn't even show up.
I wonder if you didn't use one of these a long time ago. They used to be all over the place, and you could find them popping up in not that many weird spots, in my memory, all the way until 2000 or so. I remember the keyboard at the church was a Model M. After 2000, I noticed a steep decline, especially with plug and play with USB as introduced by Windows Me. So you really like it? What was your other keyboard you had been using?
Note to buyers: unless I'm mistaken, you cannot xwhatsit these. I'm sure you can DIY an easy converter, but it ain't gonna be an xwhatsit.
Aww man we suck
Weird man
I appreciate your joke.
I've also got an M2 post coming! Mine was refurbished by Unicomp, so everything actually works. I have heard about these education M2s made with the extra case before, but never saw one.
Yikes. This is part of the reason I don't like custom keyboards. I just want to go and buy my keyboard with normal looking keycaps and normal looking layouts in a normal looking case, for less than $500. I say that having just promised to buy a Model F 107 key for $750.
Hey let's be kind. We're here to talk movie details. No need to be mean.
Only for some keyboards is that needed. I too use the Monoprice one suggested though and it's great and basically just as cheap as anything else.
She's someone with complex views. We all have some seemingly strange ideas and blindspots to those who aren't ourselves. She's just sharing her thoughts on it. For example, I think ballpoint pens are terrible. On the other hand, I just bought a new Parker Jotter because of the colour. For example, I think all drugs should be legal. I would never do drugs and I don't think anyone else should either. I have cut off contact with many people in my life who I thought were too into them. For example, I don't like electronic music. But I love LIGHTS. Don't worry too much about it. It's all fine.
Yes, my point exactly. We're all different and have subtle opinions. Don't worry about it too much.
Looks just like her too which is crazy.
Yeah you've got Canadian multilingual.
Lol. Do they really send you that stuff? That's crazy!
I can imagine that sitting at the desk and every few hours just getting freaked out because it looks like someone's looking at me from the corner of my eye, but it's just Linus wanting tech tips.
Do you ever have to take it out and clean it like you used to have to do with mouse balls?
Fantastic! I bet the customization fee was the beige back case. I should buy one.
Sidebar.
Do you consider this a type 3? RJ-45. https://imgur.com/a/5y8hVT5
Hey, what's the part number/birthday on that? I've got the day off and I was planning on listening to radio mysteries all day so I might as well try to make a user gallery page.
Part number and birthday?
Birthdate and part number for this one? I'm going to comment this a lot. Haha
Yeah I also didn't see this. I have been shadowbanned before, and it was an error caused by VPN usage. No problem!
Cool! Do you know the birthdate? Love the tequila sunrise keycaps.
Hey, don't mind the downvotes. That's hilarious.
jubl
https://www.reddit.com/r/modelm/wiki/user-gallery
https://www.reddit.com/r/modelm/wiki/user-gallery
I'll sell you one. Not this one though cause you're going to look at this back plate and lol.
Oh there it is!
What's the original part for this one? Nickname purple rain?
Let me ax you a question. Why
As long as we don't open it up to other IBM mechanical keyboards I'm safe.
What about this one? Part number and birthday?
Joke's on you, you already included that in the gallery. But you're right. I feel the itch to order it for completeness. It looks a lot like an M2, which is a look I secretly quite like.
Wait wait wait. This square badge model is from 91?
https://www.reddit.com/r/modelm/wiki/user-gallery Well, it's there now forever, nobody can edit a wiki, it's well known.
/u/SharktasticA https://www.reddit.com/r/modelm/wiki/user-gallery I have 3 of the 4 earliest Models M on the wiki. Can you beat me?
That *gal looks wicked, man. :P
You just gonna go bareback like this?
Psh. Matias has been hawking its new mini tactile pro successor for like years, as a crowdfunded campaign, with no updates.
I mean, he did buy the domain name.
Now I don't work at Wal Mart, I manage another grocery store, but when we lock up products it's only because they're frequently stolen and have been for years. Like, for example, we don't keep red bull on the shelf. I know. Or vanilla, or saffron. Baby formula, condoms, pregnancy tests either. Shaving stuff is often locked up. The black hair care isn't locked up and it's not frequently stolen as far as I can tell, but I can't imagine they'd lock it up if it wasn't.
Mmm. Grandma's keyboard.
Yeah it only covers Cherry-style contact based switches. It's an absolute beginner's guide to 20% of switches. Which is good, but I wish it did more.
Send a close up of the switch and I'll tell you if it's genuine.
That's usually how these go. I have a 9001 and a 5001 myself. The calculator is broken 90% of the time and it's not worth your time trying to fix it, but the keyboard is A-OK.
Like really custom? Like made to your specifications?
Yep! Don't worry about it though. Some of those were pretty good.
This is really my ideal. One day I'll own the battleship! One day! :D
So, I think first image, top to bottom we have 2 86s, a NOS 99, a NIB 95, a New Model M, 2 unicomps in the priority mail box. To the right above the Expos hats, theres the new rubber dome still in styrofoam, and some terminal shit above it, I don't know. In the laundry basked there're 4 terminal boards of varying ages plus the repaired Lexmark industrial, and an FK-2001. In the Priority mail box there's an Omnikey and an FK-5001. To the right of that there's an 86 terminal on top of another Omnikey, another NOS terminal, and a modern board I'm going to fuck around with soon. Moving to the other image, I don't even know what I have up top. I think some old Models F and another Omnikey I consider a bit to dirty to deal with right now, plus a modern board I'm going to screw around with. Moving down, there's a couple grey oval terminals, my new Model F XT, and those are on a pile of boxes. I think in the big amazon box by the Model F I have a 122 key terminal and my Unicomp 104 key. Underneath the red badge IBM is an 86 terminal. The boxes behind that are Drake's Model M and a Unicomp 101 key, and I have a few loose 122 key terminals. Underneath those boxes are an NMB RT101+ with black clicky space invaders. Very nice. Now, in my modern keyboard closet, I have the shit Amazon boards that I buy sometimes, a Razer, and actually some older but not fucked with boards I've babied for decades. BTC and NMB domes with sliders, and a few other weird things. I have some other IBMs in some boxes in the living room I haven't decided what to do with yet.
Probably whites, but it might be a clone. Definitely not blues. I haven't looked at the stuff in a while.
Nah, if I sold it to him for a price I would pay for one I bet he wouldn't buy it. lol
Okay what am I missing here? That's been a popular book for decades. Why are we talking about it?
eBay, clickykeyboards, Unicomp, me.
Go on then, I'll buy one of those too. Sigh.
If all you're looking for is Pearl and Pebble keys, yeah sure. Mechanicalkeyboards.com sells some.
Ayup
It implies. But also are you saying this lens doesn't have a 3000 mm equivalent setting? Very interesting!
What kind of neato custom mappings do you have on those bad boys?
Living the dream, my friend. One day I'll get that setup and finally people will love me.
I'll sell you a spare chassis I have for like $5 plus shipping if you want.
Really? Which feels closer to white Alps? Jades or whites?
I don't think he needs a divorce. Any maxed out loans on the other hand are going to be taken out of the estate, so he needs to not have anything easily tied to him.
Good luck! I had to special order a stupid socket driver thing. It didn't cost much on eBay though. 5.5 mm
pckeyboard.com And yes, you can use the Monoprice cable that does both mouse and keyboard into one USB hole, or send it into Unicomp at PCkeyboard.com and they can convert it to USB for you. But that costs money.
Yes, join us
It's a Unicomp PC-122
The Unicomp grey is a little bit lighter than the Dolch grey but it's pretty close. I did it once I couldn't figure out what to do with my Point of Sale Models M from Unicomp. I decided to put IBM Model M internals in there and give them black keys cause that looks fucking boss. Unfortunately, I discovered that Unicomp doesn't give you the damn spacebar when you order...the hard way. So I scrambled for a spacebar, and the discarded assembly from this board originally was just sitting there, and it's grey, which is close to black. I popped it on. Not bad. Then I realized I could dolch this bad lad, so I gave it a shot! Nice!
Yeppers! I'm doing another one right now to make sure I get another set before I post this shit on Geekhack and everyone inundates them.
When I grow up I want to be Masshole's Industrial.
You just need to do a custom thing and describe what you want.
Hey, do you have a photo of the sticker on the back of this bad lad? Or a part number? I'll take either.
That sounds awesome. Man I want an F122 one of these days. One day!
Hey Seth actually I have a cable I ordered from them that I don't need because they fixed my cable for me. It's a thick black mofo. Is yours detachable?
nope, I just mailed it off immediately. BTW, I have a few of the numpads, but I don't think they say M3 anywhere on them. How do you know they're M3s? I think we can infer that it had the same trackpoint technology, because I actually asked them to replace it with "the same pointing stick that's already on the device." or something like that. I also remember it didn't move, but that's all I've got for you. I think Unicomp would have said something if they couldn't have replaced it with the same pointing technology that was on the device, and had to use Lexmark pointing tech.
I think you'll like the Matias then. I would say the Matias is a solid mix between the Amber Alps and the Model F in terms of feeling. It's fantastic, and it was designed to replicate the feel of the Amber Alps, but I think it's surpassed it. The XT is a great daily driver. The layout isn't even that bad! Haha. The enter does annoy me, even though I used to be used to the ISO enter, it's still rough. I map the tilde key to the enter key and just make do with not having that key on the board and it ends up working like a medium ass enter. It might be an option for you. Also, if you ever win the lottery and feel like buying an AT keyboard, you'll find that even though the layout is only subtlely more modern, and it has that awful baby backspace, it's somehow greater than the sum of its parts and you have a much easier time typing on it. I actually used to use an IBM PC when I was little in school, so I still have the muscle memory of the XT layout in there, and I don't have a problem hitting any of those things except for the damn enter, and even then, I do think the AT is the way to go. Again, if you win the lottery. Anyway, I usually pop out a rotation of the Matias and a Model F and a Model M, and since it looks like we have similar tastes, I cannot recommend a Matias enough. It's a gamechanger.
"First" endgame. Isn't there only supposed to be one endgame? Isn't that, like, the point? Haha
Get 2, and if the second one works I'll buy it off you for $30 more than you paid for it. Haha. I don't even need a second one, but I want to try to play around with it.. They only pop up on eBay infrequently, and often for like $300, and then they don't really sell. Very few people are charging like $200 or something which is fair.
Okay so I used to be a frequent keyboard dirtier. They were always basically icky. Not disgusting, but definitely dirty. At one point, I bought a fairly expensive keyboard I wanted to keep clean, so I made it a point to wash my hands before touching it at all times, and I wouldn't touch anything besides the keyboard without washing my hands before touching it again. It sounds like it adds some inconvenience to your life, and it does, but it also enforces frequent hand washing, which, if you're like me, is basically only after you use the bathroom anyway, so it'll only help. I have a perfectly white Matias that's been going now for 3 or 4 solid months with no sign of dirt on it. So you change your lifestyle for the keyboard, but if you can do that, you're in the clear.
Razer Switches aren't bad if you like what they're doing. Low actuation point, limited tactility. They're fine, no worries.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/ha8j0w/ducky_mecha_mini_tingling_feeling_when_touching/
You upload it to a website, and then give us the link to that website. Imgur.com is normally used for this on Reddit. I don't even think you need to make an account to do it! :D If you do that, I'll pop it in the wiki.
Psst. What's the part number?
Hey, send me a picture of your sticker so I can put it in the wiki. I think you might have the earliest New Model M on the subreddit!
Gimmie dat sticker pix
Gimmie dat birthdate yo
Hey what's the part number and birthday of this bad lad?
That's one of the coolest pins of all time.
I switched to it today after typing with exclusively Fs and Matias keyboards for a solid few weeks, and it's been very good. I think the weighting of the Models M are a little bit too high for me in my ideal world, but they're still A- boards. I used it while updating the wiki, sending angry emails, sending sensible emails, and posting and replying here and on Geekhack. Pleasing, but tiring, especially after so long on the Matias and Fs, which are much lighter weighted I think. I'll reiterate something I say a lot though: the Model M doesn't feel much worse than an F, and it doesn't give you ear cancer from listening to it. Especially if you like heavier switches, I consider the M a much better board. I'm making this one an A though. The colours are fantastic, the bomb ass MSR is amazing, and I'm going to order one of those fancy IBM metallic badges for the top left Lexmark hole in the Unicomp case. To improve Unicomp case feel, I've actually kept in the wires for the credit card reader. Yes, Virginia, it's still intact. https://i.imgur.com/97QzwGW.jpg This is a 1991 IBM Gen 2 terminal keyboard with an internal Soarer's shoved out the original hole, with all the wires from the MSR folded in under the plate. This gives the board a little more heft, and surprisingly, a little more solidity from the otherwise iffy Unicomp Classic case. I think it might be my new go-to Model M, and not my Lexmark Industrial. Crazy! https://i.imgur.com/io6zcL6.jpg Also, this just goes to show you don't need a big desk to enjoy big keyboards. I literally have a dresser as a desk extension. EDIT: Oh no now you guys are going to see my wildly inconsistent upvote habits. (I only upvote on my computer. If I visit on my phone, that shit stays unupvoted; issue with the client)
That's a great deal! Nice man!
Man it looks amazing. Does it sound like the normal XT?
I want it so bad
Tell me more about the one with the yellow keys at the top.
That's a late Lexmark from 95, right? I consider that to be Gen 4 personally. It's basically identical to Unicomps IMO. Like, 1995+, is basically gen 4 to me. IBM UK sometimes used older designs because they're weird, but still.
Well, I mean, they DID and it was amazing.
That looks so nice it could be photoshopped.
So, does it feel like a real F? Also, how easy was it to get up and running?
From what I understand they're supposed to be Lexmark cases.
I think clickykeyboards sells stepped keys like that. I bought a couple from him and they're sitting on one of my M122s. Haha. I have 4 Alt keys. lol
I just have it remapped. It's not great, but it basically works. I've never heard of someone missing the insert key though! Haha. Do you use a lot of text terminals software?
Those Unicomps look fantastic. Better than the IBMs in my opinion. There's just something about them.
What's the birthdate on this bad lad?
I have a lot of respect for Tested for making the thumbnail be what looks like a screenshot of the video. Paul is pointing to a fucking screwdriver. Like, what the fuck man. What's even the point?
OH YEAH
4th from the bottom of the left. What is it? I bet it's some kind of awesome Alps board with some chonky switch feel
Getting Shark vibes here. I want to see someone mod a set of cases and make one long boi SSK out of these though.
Where's the any key?
I actually covered it in plastic. It's okay. I took the board back apart and cleaned it.
Same. It smells like ass. Completely disgusting. Now, as an adult, I don't notice the bad smell as much, but the background smell is more of what I notice, which does smell all right. I also like the feeling of rain, so I spend time outside during storms, but not immediately before or after because of the smell.
Ha! Yes, actually. I tried it yesterday. Deeper sound, but took away the bite. I tried some foam I intended to use on A PC case. I also experimented with long terminal legs on non terminal cases and those are a no go too.
The nice ka thunk. Imagine, if you will, an overall deeper sound but with less bass. I can't explain it better than that really. Like everything sounded slightly deeper, but with less range, and the deepest notes were lessened as well.
Oh yeah good point.
There're dozens of us!
Collect them all!
Yikes
I do actually, but it's for a rubber dome. I have a spare single space blank keycap if you're interested that I can mail you for whatever the shipping cost to Portugal (?) is from the USA.
I'm fine with this. I think Matias is on like year 10 of doing a wireless Tactile Pro or some shit, *and* they're taking customer money for it. By the way. I am taking a tour of Unicomp on July 7th. I am going to try to type on the new SSK and post here.
Question: What was the problem with rightwinglgbt? I loved that subreddit. :(. I don't remember anything bad there. I thought we were pretty normal.
Looks like he just remelts the rivets...now why didn't I think of that?!
It's beautiful
Awesome. Great job!
