It only applies to firearms, there are air guns sold legally with integrated silencing, because they are not firearms. And yet, the projectiles are up into 45 or 50 cal, capable of super Sonic velocities, with the typical shockwave thunder crack. They most certainly qualify to have sound dampers, and they do... Because the idiotic laws only pertains to firearms. I do not endorse this product, its just an example: `https://www.airforceairguns.com/The-TexanSS-by-AirForce-Airguns-s/136.htm`
Quit drinking entirely, probably around a year ago. I like drinking, but quit because alcohol is unhealthy for me. Lost weight, shrank waist size, and achieved lower blood pressure. I like drinking, but it has ill effects. I'm not happy about quitting, but you know.... It's unhealthy, so its just that simple.
It's true. Ok, the only part not 100% accurate is the level of drinking. I was not actually consistently blackout drunk every single day, because I'm not capable of maintaining that level of heavy drinking, I took breaks. That was slightly exaggerated, but it was pretty close. And also, I do actually remember them calling me a few times, for example being in a loud nightclub completely unable to hear the other person on the phone. But of course you are free to believe it or not.
&gt;but you can simulate what you want with docker. Podman.
Puss boot scooting.
I'm glad you are in the proverbial 'boat', keep it going. Willpower is a tricky thing, in my experience I've become more calloused, as a form of self preservation. Like choosing not to attend certain gatherings of longtime friends or family, etc... Not being rude, but because people would be drinking, and knowing myself... It takes time.
Not rival city. Just cities exporting homeless out, regardless of destinations. https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/Hundreds-of-homeless-people-board-a-bus-out-of-SF-14188436.php
We are all photojournalists, so long as we have eyes and are not blind. Some people just happen to also have cameras.
That is a Lodge pan, they pre-season their pans now, and the resulting surface is not ideal, but only compared to older heirloom pans that were smooth. Go ahead and grind down the seasoning on this pan, make the cooking surface smooth. Then re-season the pan in accordance with the numerous youtube videos and/or online tutorials. I would recommend an angle grinder with flap wheel, but you could even use a hand scrub, and elbow grease. One does not even necessarily need to remove all the seasoning, just smooth it down, then apply a more uniform seasoning.
Have you read about the LTO-8 drama? https://www.itjungle.com/2019/08/26/lto-8-tapes-to-finally-ship-in-4q/ It's been ridiculous, everyone loses type situation, because here comes LTO-9. And guess what, backwards compatibility is pretty much destroyed because of the generational gap in technology, and the loss of an entire year.
Oh yes, if Fedora already has this package, it's probably not hard to become a con-maintainer for an instance of the package in EPEL.
The epel8 should source from the vintage of fedora 28 or 29. But I'm not disagreeing, just giving my perspective. Those are the fedora's el8 sprang forth.
Cotton buds? does that mean the sterile cotton puffs used in medical supplies, or is this some kinda of associated product that has plastics integrated? Surely cotton is biodegrading, so that part must be some kind of misnomer. I'm guessing it's plastic ear swabs with soft cotton tips.
&gt; Yeah. That’s the stuff. False dichotomy much?
How are you posting if your account password was changed?
Good damn it, body shaming other people is not supposed to be funny, but i find my self looking at the video thumbnail, and now i cannot unsee what has been seen, and im not proud... But i cracked up laughing. You are a bad person in the right way.
And python 2.7 or lower! Fuck yeah!
Yeah, I'm with Amazon here, but barely. Please allow me to explain. The message is fine, the activism is fine, and I totally agree with the ideas &amp; sentiment. Where this goes sideways is where these individuals go out in public representing Amazon, or rather misrepresenting Amazon, without any legal disclaimer. This is why you see so many public figures on Twitter or other social media have this simple sentence "thoughts and opinions are my own", and some even expressly append "and not of any past or current employer". This little remark protects both the activist and the employer from all kinds of tort troubles, because these corporations don't want passionate loose cannons smearing their name as if they are agents of the company, nor do the individuals want to get fired for their private opinions. Its an easy concept to grasp, but sadly many bluecollar types dont get much experience or exposure to this idea, so you see this kind of thing happen to peeps outside the white-collar world. That seems disparaging, but its not on purpose, just an obvious corollary. Look, if we want our employers to change, we cannot go public using their name brand as part of the activism's name. It needs to be done better, and the activities cannot be done on company time.
If you cannot smoke cigs or drink booze... then fuck them. Also, move around... make it difficult for the fed's to find you, to notify you of your obligations.
Fedora! Nice, I'm employed by their main benefactor, and a release engineer for that project. I'd say stick with containers for the work stuff, and roll forward with your laptop, if that's at all practical? Fefora Toolbox is pretty awesome at maintaining old crufty software environments happy.
I will always gladly go without any service offering ads. But for any paid service, they would have to pay me (the customer). Because everyone keeps going on about free services, and the consumers "being the product", so it's therefore especially insulting that a paid service at any level/tier would show advertising. Nope, not happening. If im already paying, not going to pay more to avoid advertising, that's a double dip.
Back in the early 90s An act of Congress forced the cable tv networks to rebroadcast local/regions over-air TV stations, AND pay the local tv stations a rebroadcast fee, AND the cable network was not allowed to suppress the advertising. So at that point cable network channel were competing with over-air broadcast channels who had an unfair advantage, and they began showing advertising. Im not saying this is the whole story behind ads on cable tv, but its a big aspect of the story. Can you imagine what would happen if Congress passed laws forcing Netflix to run local tv channels with advertising? Im not sure it would work, so I'm not sure why the fuck Congress hasn't repealed that idiotic law. Citation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cable_Television_Consumer_Protection_and_Competition_Act_of_1992
can you verify that `sha512` works on AIX? I'm highly skeptical, but perhaps things have been updated. It's been years since I've had to run any AIX stuff, but it was probably still on md5sum.
&gt; why was docker deleted/renamed to ... Talk to the Docker folks. They did this; their name brand, their trademark, their prerogatives, their choices... Their lawyers too. Veiled threats, implied or otherwise. Docker and all their branding related to container technology, that is owned by Docker, and now distributed exclusively by the owners of Docker. But if you ask my opinion, this is a good move. Let's not associate Linux container tech with a company called Docker. Cut the strings connecting ideas like docker the tool, the name brand, and the company. We have OCI now, move forward, we don't need (or want) to verb "docker" like we did Google.
I remember back in the mid 1990s IT work, and my line of work Involving Unix/Linux was super special. Then everyone though they would do the same, salary's dropped, and before we knew it devops started... Which is code for developers turning ops into dev, and infrastructure into code. The whole industry won't exist before too long, the specialist keep moving around. If there are so many programers, there will be bluecollar programming.
Did you select the right title? That movie also had a directors commentary play through, or at lease mine did. I had to re-rip that one choosing the slightly lower length titled feature
Yeah, at a certain age a lot of men grew up on cowboys and indians, it was their power rangers and pokemon.
Rpm fusion, or flatpak? What version of Mesa are you on? Have you tried any other benchmark, or attempted to isolate the performance profile besides just this one piece of software? Possibly try benching a task on identical hardware for A to B comparison, or roll back to older known working situation if that is at all practical in your circumstances. You could at least verify the performance in wine directly, this is documented elsewhere, but in short you have to make steam aware of the wine instance. You could try to distro-sync back to f31 release, without updates. Pretty much you need to generate more facts, so all im saying is to create the facts and data points. Good luck.
Can you please use the 'backup' feature on that disc, and examine the `.m2ts` directly with a suitable tool, I'd recommend VLC but any media player should work. Question: do you have java enabled in makemkv?
He's not wrong, but he's not entirely right. It's not black and white.
Well legally speaking, the EU directorate on safe spaces, and taxation of foreign enterprises declared that since the Google APP ecosystem exists, that it's monopolistic and predatory. Compared with the Apple app store, as the comparisons were made, they would have to close that gap to save themselves all those billions of euros.
I think I get you.... We understand how one can conflate tax paid public roads versus private paid toll roads, ultimately the citizen would pay either way... right? I'd still rather like the threat of force to compel those private companies to obey some set of rules around price, formulated to be fair. Or else, the roads go forfeit to the public or something catastrophic to the private company, to keep them in check.
You try another Blu-ray drive.
I would not be surprised, but would also ask for the link. Not saying it didn't happen, but mostly just wanting solid facts for myself. I'm guessing the i5 is the best option for thermal performance.
While not disagreeing, this is a non sequitur. You are not using the features of any filesystem on /boot, advanced or otherwise. So it is therefore just as reasonable to use the ext4 of xfs.
I see this logged in the journal via smartd. I'm on rhel8 and fefora31.
Damn it, I would have gone to this for entertainment value. Fuck this was hilarious and sad all at once. I feel like psychologist's would have a field day at a place like this. So much mental disorder to study.
So many different Intel IP's being reported all at once, that is just weird. Graphics, networking, etc...
It's DC power, find any compatible adapter. I believe 19 volt, but not recalling amperage of the top of my head. Your existing unit should have the specs listed.
That is why i supported Obama's presidential candidacy, to close Guantanamo, and prosecute the CIA war criminals involved. He also said shit about lowering the cost of health care, but instead forced everyone to purchase expensive insurance, while none of the expensive parts of health care declined. Oh, sry... I digress, the prison was not shutdown, nor anybody prosecuted. Refusing to bring the detained to trials in a court of law was another issue. Our enemies will do this to us, but even worse our enemies will do this to their own people. That is what is happening in the p.r.c. these days. So long as they continue to manufacture cheap plastic goods, the world might continue to weight the evil versus consumerism. Sad.
I believe the context was in the small form factor enthusiast space, where that remark in not entirely wrong. Not disagreeing with you, but context matters, she was talking about the folks in /r/sffpc who spends crazy money on cases, tiny water blocks, etc...
The disc contains an index file that orders the titles, and further each title has a playlist that sorts the chapters. Some disc use a menu system to reorder the titles, and that is done with Java. You can specify the path to you java run time or jdk, there is a setting in the preferences.
Because a man could potential need an adult diaper? Honest question. I'm not a big fan of any gender based tax, or lack of, but i have a hard time faulting this legislation, but it seems to have not gone far enough. Exempli gratis, shaving razors for male facial hygiene, but adult diapers seem like a much better example so i yield.
In Greenland? 😉 Does Greenland even have an Ikea? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_with_IKEA_stores
This is not a problem on Linux, not technically or even conceptually. What a big pity for all the security theater with Windows. I'm sorry you had to experience all that OP.
A lot of folks are rightfully paranoid about tb3, but this disk encryption thing is just wack.
Yeah, I'm well aware. The boffins at my employer have been looking at the topic. Our counterparts at Microsoft too. I'm glad you like encrypting your drives, I do all mine too, we have something call 'clevis' to make rebooting encrypted drives more manageable. https://christian.kellner.me/2017/12/14/introducing-bolt-thunderbolt-3-security-levels-for-gnulinux/
&gt;Why are you following up with a SE on a niche technical issue when you should have started with support? Because ignorance is inseparable from arrogance? Egocentric individuals with Kruger Dunning issues really enjoyed the ass licking they received during the sales process, and want more of the same. Accordingly, they take it personally when they are referred to the support organization. They simultaneously cannot imagine needing support, because they are top tier talent, they convince delude themselves. Contacting support is a blow to their ego, the prostate massage they get from sales is the opposite, and they want more. Folks like the op really hate when sales pulls out the butt plug, and goes cold after the ink dries. Childish rants like the OP's just proves my point in isolation, but it's almost comical how much you see across the industry.
I mean Stream works, vlc works, and all the other flatpak things just work. Epel may take time to get working fully as the Fedora packages slowly embrace the new build target. So I absolutely think it's suitable for used on the daily, yeah. But I'd say just user fedora, The upstream distro. Not knocking c8, I'd use that to, and i do use that as a desktop.
&gt;I kind of wish that there was a "imdb" lookup for such a thing. Each disc in a show series is probably made the same. Good idea. I've had the same thought actually, but not all disc's are made the same way. See Lions gate bluesy movies for an example of hostility advasarial disc indexing. People go to the forums for which titles to backup, which is terribly high noise to signal ratio.
Somebody please correct me, but my assumption is the little one keeps the boulders far enough back so the big one can articulate and reach them in near-field? otherwise a mound would form around the interior perimeter where it cannot reach?
&gt; Legacy is word that people think means "old", but it doesn't mean "old", it means fragile code that has too many implicit dependencies. This is a direct result of how 98% of all programmers write code. #No dude, Legacy means legacy. It might mean old, it might be old buggy code, or it might be old established and proven code. You don't get to change the definitions of "legacy" to make it fit in whatever confirmation-bias or prejudice you have experienced with so-called "legacy" code. You might think to yourself the word "legacy" is a loaded term, and by that (loaded) we mean over-loaded... but it's not. The word has some pretty narrow implications or entailments. Unusually the idea of legacy is something you inherited from the past. That is to say, nobody here wrote the legacy code, it was already here when everyone here-now arrived, and in many cases it was here before the people that came before you now. It has an implication of being generational, having endured, etc.. But, to be clear, legacy code doesn't always last because it was some great code, especially as technology advances past the legacy technology, that does not mean the old legacy code was buggy. Being out dated is not a bug, or even suggest any form of technical debt. That is pure arrogance.
Somebody owes me a dime! Every time this idea, or any variation... I get a dime. I had this idea way back in 2007 when we introduced sub-reddits out of beta, and /r/wtf had to implement the NSFW tag as custom CSS. When we got the official NSFW flair/tag, we immediately asked for NSFL because, just because ... reasons.
This is pretty good stuff. At my employer that have a poster near every entrance or exit #open source, not open doors. It's an open source oriented place, but the message is pretty much: Everyone has to badge-in the door, etc... no tailgating.
You can likely draw the 12 volts from somewhere on the NUC boards, but you probably won't receive the amperage/watts needed for those 4x units. Please go with an external power supply that is capable of delivering 1.3 ~ 1.5 amps per unit, or put another way... you need about 20 watts per drive to be safe.
I guess pastel colored vintage band posters are the succulent plant analogies for guitar circle jerking. I totally get the thing with warm analog tubes, they make riffs sounds better, and double as butt plugs after band practice, the warmer the better. Circle plugging, with a side of jerking.
I'm not sure that is technically true, but I agree with your sentiment just the same regardless. Mostly because Google had no problem with using ssl/tls browser tunnels for their own cookie traffic. They can claim that forcing tls on 3rd party cookies makes the web more secure, and to some extent that's persasive, but its really just another abstract. Apparently Google really wants all http trafficking to be TLS for some other reasons, and this is just another way to achieve that goal.
This is either gloriously over my head, or nonsensical shit posting.
130 MB/s? As in... not mebibyte's, but their base-10 counter parts? If you mean otherwise its notation is MiB/s
I got the slightly thicker fabric because i was concerned the pixelation would benefit from the extra millimeter of fabric. I don't care about breathability on an already meshed/pixelated seat, but the extra pad might help.
Yeah the roliboard, being all black... Is soooo woke. We can all emerge from the safe spaces, and tweak our poly after touching. #black keys matter
This would make a great cache between network and spinny parts.
My employer has a nice well funded lab. We get to play with fancy network gear, help define industry standards, write Linux drivers, and poke about. Being able to saturate these networks generally not a big deal, we have special equipment for that purpose. But some of the projects specifically benefits from this type of kit. For example nvme over fibre channel is one example where a bunch of pcie4 modules make sense. For myself, the fattest link in my home lab is a pair of 10 GBE links on lacp, but I'd still would rather opt for any pcie4 modules over v3, just on principles. I've heard rumors of some of our customers with production kit really fast and absurdity. So it goes.
Yeah, just what ever floats your boat, but it helps is the distro has a variant with recent kernels. Arch, Fedora, and i think Ubuntu has a next version available but I'm not exactly sure.
No, I cannot say I feel the pixelation. Those are uniform and my weight distributed enough to not feel any given pixelation. I hate to use this term, but i bought the balance fabric because I wanted to avoid 'chair swamp ass', and I wanted to make sure the fabric was thick enough. After i owner the chart, i suspect either concern was a non-issue.
The last time I look at a 2a sanctuary county/city map of Virgina, it was all over the place. No continuity, more like the initial stages of a petri dish. Scattered colonies of sanctuary peppered around. It would be like the Berlin Wall, or more rather like how Berlin itself was in East Bloc commie land, but west Berlin was governed elsewhere.
Can the city even do that? https://www.txdot.gov/inside-txdot/modes-of-travel/bicycle/know/laws.html If a pedicab is a legit bicycle, and bicycles are regulated by state law... then it follows that any bicycle can operate on any road in the state within the scope of law, am I right? But reading the above link, it seems clear Arlington can go after bicycles on sidewalks if they impede foot traffic, or other places that are not public roadways. Read the link above for details. There are a lot of ways Alrington can mess with bicyclists, but a lot of ways they cannot. If I were a pedicab operator, I would organize with my other pedicab operators, and flood the streets, slow down traffic around the stadiums, and generally shut that area down with slow bicycle traffic. Pretty much a protest that is completely legal, and which the city cannot do anything about since it would be legal conduct. Make it happen.
Yeah, anecdotally I have most of my (sizable) bluray collection ripped, and it's not even 18 TiB yet... But as it stands it's probably enough material to watch continuously for several months if not years. That said, I'm highly skeptical. I wonder if the guy has an 18 TiB porn collection, with a smaller sub-set of that total set being illegal under age porn. Plano is known for sensationalizing their prosecutions, so I would not put it past them to spread some inaccuracies on purpose. Part of this is just my refusal to belive that much under-age porn even exists, seriously... that is a lot! Also, it's pretty much impossible to validate because so-called experts witnesses (usually pediatricians) have been provably wrong. Citations: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/230825633_Inaccuracy_of_age_assessment_from_images_of_postpubescent_subjects_in_cases_of_alleged_child_pornography And for a real world example: https://nypost.com/2010/04/24/a-trial-star-is-porn/ To be clear, I'm just saying the claim of 18 TiB is ridiculous, it's unbelievable and until proven it's just an incredible allegation. If the perp has even one picture or video of actual illegal porn, then he should be prosecuted for that crime. He will have to be seperated in prison from the general population... because prison justice.
That sounds like a terrible job, whoever has to process that data set. This is where machines learning algorithms might be handy, because honestly I'd be worried about people with that job. Like worried about suicide, or similar unpleasant things. Exposing people to that kind of material, sometimes doesn't rub off, cannot simply wash hands... As analogies go.
Oh nice! I honestly didn't know that. Maybe I just stopped tracking Optane, or maybe I thought it was too expensive and just forgot that way (irrelevance). The new Samsung kit is probably expensive too, but realistically the PCI interface is the only thing changing.... Unless and until they claim otherwise. It could be they improved the memory controller in subtle ways. I'm not sure they can optimize much more, which circles back to Optane. It's a new technologies, and had room to improve, plenty of growth potential. Too bad Intel bought out Micron's stake in that line of business, is love to see the technologies in more products, but Intel knows they got a monopoly on this tech, and there is nothing that competes or compared in terms of wear leveling, or the lack there of.
uh! I know this pain! This is why I am such an asshole client for painters. For example, I got into the habit of removing wall plates for light switches, electrical, etc.. I feel like it should be their job, but the usual reply is "we ain't electricians" or similar. So my answer to this is to call them back for each and every minor touch-up, and withhold payment until the job is 100% (touch ups included)
Well I dunno about you, but being *there* way back in the 1990's when we had those kind of (bad) graphics, pretty much all current generation console graphics are pretty fantastic. That being said, my PC runs linux, so running games on PC is not exactly mind blowing. But still, they can make any game playable on console.
You can simply use the client yourself, you don't need to use Synology as a middle person in this transaction. I believe it's just a shell script , or similar type thing (last I looked).
You must be confused. Who are you talking to in regards this 1100ish Blu-ray collection, certainly not me? lol... I'm just fixing the bad math from above.
Ah right on. Cool, no worries, hehe... Yeah, a lot of folks in here are playing internet experts on the alleged 18 TB of CP, including me.
I believe the PRC already has a law that requires usb charger ports on mobile devices. But that was a few years ago, and probably in the era of mini-usb, which was subsequently replaced by micro-usb, which is replaced by usb type-c connectors. Times have changed, and usb-c is about to combine thunderbolt &amp; usb into one standard. The European Union really doesn't need to get involved here because the industry has already decided to do this for their own technical reasons. Politics need not get involved. That being said, it's ridiculous all the different power receptacles across Europe, that is a very real, and much more significant issue that should be fixed before trying to fix a non-issue like phone chargers.
Yep, it's probably the guy's main computer with a single big disk drive, and in that drive was a folder that purportedly contains at least one file of illegal pornography. But even then, its impossible or at least extremely difficult to verify the ages sometimes. The subjects in these pictures or videos do not have age verification, and pediatricians cannot reliably determine the age difference of people between the ages of 16 to 20 years old. So the burden of proof is becoming more and more challenging, that is why we see these ridiculous claims made by law enforcement, they want to exaggerate these things for whatever reason. I cannot blame them to much, it's a terrible topic. If they end up not being able to convince the jury, they at least get to smear the reputation.
Huh? What chart? I'm guessing your on mobile device with hilarious autocorrect. Are you referring to 'chair swamp ass'? That's is when an office chair made with leather or vinyl upholstery cause the seated person to experience condensation in the posterior regions. Usually from the reflection of moister and warmth from their own body heat &amp; sweat. Pretty much from sitting in a chair that doesn't breath. Its just a crude metaphor, my apologies. I do not believe any HM office chair lacks ventilation. 😉
If you really only make that little money, then forget it. You would become "house poor". The house would put you into debt. Don't do it.
I look at it like an HIV positive person choosing to not reveal their HIV status. Sure it's private up to the point they want to get intimate with somebody else. Not revealing transgender status is like that, but just by opinion.
Low power? Each hard drive is about 20 watts. Are you referring to the cpu? And if yes, what is low power about Synology compared to other brands nas units? Hint, it's a rhetorical question, and the answer is nothing. Also, where do you learn Synology is quiet? I guess they could be quiet, but they are not any more or less quiet compared to other brands nas units. So that is another irrelevant and moot point. Small form factor, kinda yes. Synology does have a more compact chassis design, and that is just aesthetics. They share that with other brands like Drobo, so meh.... But in my opinion the Synology looks great, so they got that going for them. Ease of use, mm.... I'm not so sure, but I'm biased. The real question is how easy is it too restore or recover data from some kind of crash scenario, potentially data loss. Synology does pretty good depending on the choices (configuration) the user select during the nas initial setup. One great thing Synology has going on is the disk drives can be easily recovered using a linux PC, but it can get a bit tricky if the user opts for a bad configuration. Personally speaking if i could install a normal linux distro on my Synology, replase DSM... I'd do it in an instant. I'd run a stratis storage server.
You don't even need the AMD pro driver. Mesa RADV just works, and you can pull steam down from flathub, so it pretty much just works. No need to get involved with kernels or any of that. I'm glad you are having fun, but this got way over complicated needlessly. The open source Mesa drivers are within 5% ~ 10% of the pro drivers and closing fast.
She can operate the bicycle anywhere roads go, whereas no posted legal traffic sign say otherwise. Full stop. As far as operating a business goes, yeah, that's different and the city has every right to regulate commerce. But commerce laws simply do not trump state road laws. That said, nobody needs a drivers license to operate a bicycle on public roads in Texas, but i kinda wish that were not there case. I've seen a bunch of cyclists abuse the road as if they in the roads. And, while they have to obey all the same laws of the road, they don't have to get a license which is a kind of double standard.
Let's encrypt is documented on their website. Just because somebody packaged the software on Synology does not excuse people from learning the software from upstream. Sorry it doesn't work that way.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legacy_code
&gt; It would reduce electronic waste and improve the consumer experience, says the E.U. This is more like EU virtue signaling. If they wanted to make an actual difference, then unify all the power receptacles the smart phone plug into. As it stands the industry has already standardized on USB, and the type-c port. If some company out there wants to innovate, by inventing a new superior charge port, then they should not be prevented by EU laws. However, the zoo of different power receptacles across europe is mind boggling, second only to the number of spoken languages. Why not just make a law causing German to be the one single language, because the EU could save so much money on text books.... Yeah.. it's called sarcasm, you idiot. The point is it's ridiculous because it's not a false dichotomy, it's the same exact argument. The one saving grace is at least the power grid is somewhat consistent, it's just the power receptacles are all different, as if each member state has some nationalistic pride wrapped up in having some different plug. If I had to choose one, it would be the socket used in the UK simply because while being the most absurd is actually the safest, and probably most well thought out.
Nope, it was because of the People's Republic of China in the early 2000’s. Here is a copy: http://www.digikey.com/Web%20Export/Supplier%20Content/PI_596/PDF/PowerInt_ChinaUSB.pdf
You can totally bypass that interaction. Read the documentation.
`makemkvcon backup --decrypt` is one such documented example, please go read the documentation. Edit: Now that I'm back to my main computer, here is more details: https://www.makemkv.com/developers/usage.txt
Our drivers out in the countryside are different than what you find in the cities. Out there the driving obeys a set of customs, not just the rules of the road. Staying slower to the right, passing on the left... it's a whole nother level, to the point when city drivers venture out of city limits it's almost unsettling for them. The true comedy starts when it snows, and the roads shut down, everything shuts down...
Let me preface this by saying that I hate Apple products, and am a big advocate of USB type-c, but.... The europeans should focus on things actually important, like unifying all the ridiculous power receptacles across the union. Their lack of any European smartphone makers is suspect, their lack of any action of power receptacles is suspect. It seems they are only interested in targeting non-european tech companies, while simultaneously codifying what the tech companies have already done. The implication here, by the last sentence, is that with USB4 merging thunderbolt and USB into a single specification hold outs like Apple will finally be able to make the switch. There will be only one interconnect cable left. This proposal is therefore utterly stupid, the industry has already done the work. https://www.worldstandards.eu/electricity/plugs-and-sockets/
So I'm just going to put this right here, but please know this is not an endorsement or spam or anything, but might be construed that way, it is not, but here goes: https://www.knipex.com/index.php?id=1216&amp;page=group_detail&amp;groupID=1473 These are the compact bolt cutters I personally own, and.... I guess would recommend for things like a personal carry back pocket bolt cutter. The type of thing a prepper might put in their lite-out bag, just in case they need to get through chain link fencing in whatever situation, etc... Now I'm not saying you do anything illegal, but just know there is a crowd of people, not criminals, who carry pocket sized bolt cutters. I'm sure you can all relate, am I right?
You can easily recover the data using a linux PC. The drives will be recognized, and mounted. You can even just stay that way, and stop doing Synology. Your miles may vary, and it all depends if you choose a same raid strategy like raid 6, but even shr can be recovered with a bit of extra effort on a Linux PC. Good luck.
True words. My suggestion is to simply avoid the roads, which sadly contributed to the whole problem of things shutting down needlessly. But staying away from the two types of people you mentioned is worthy.
When you calm down, private msg me. I'll be happy to help you get your data off that machine.
The plastic washer covering thing? Probably only function is to prevent dust going in there, or discouraging fingers from being binded in the tight space. Should in theory be easy to service, but I'm not speaking from experience. Because honestly I've never done it, and simply looked at my own chair to ponder about the idea, like any other internet expert. That said, I'm a bit worried this piece could "pop off" because it looks to be confined in that cavity, not under and tension or strain that might result in mechanical force. I'd say somebody popped it out on purpose. See if you can order the part from an authorized dealer.
That is pretty badass.
Oh good i know. All the snowflakes mommies on next door warning about an animal that eats primarily small rodents, insects, etc. Coyotes, yeah... Protect the house cats, sure....
Naw bro. Fucks given is near zero. Ain't anybody signing anything, and ain't anybody giving fucks about people not signing anything. And, when thing go sideways, ain't nobody giving fucks about the whole imagined drama that never happened. Just fix it, or replace it, or whatever needs to happen. If its less expensive to fix now compared to the cost to fix later, meh. Stop giving so many fucks and realise your opinion, and even if you're not wrong, is not that important, and so what? Some assholes not wanting to maintain, fuck them, not worth losing sleep over.
The extreme version looks like a gimped Hades Canyon, because it lacks many of the ports on the rear. For example Hades Canyon had two mini Display Ports, two thunderbolt 3 ports, and two HDMI ports. Looks like the extreme nuc has one of each. Also, only one Ethernet port. That is very disappointing, and i would expect the price to be significant less taking into account the lack of ports.
Look at the pictures, see for yourselves. https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Intel-Tiger-Lake-CPU-Xe-Graphics-Powered-Phantom-Canyon-Extreme-NUC-11.png This picture does not inspire confidence, and nowhere was it written the phantom canyon would surpass Hades Canyon in terms of graphics delivery. Based on the pictures, it seems unlikely. The implication being the GPU on offer would not be capable of driving as many displays. Also worth noting preliminary reports from CES 2020 of the Intel XE graphics unit shown on display were probably not even equivalent to the polaris/vega graphics in the Hades Canyon. This looks like a down grade, just like the 10th gen Frost Canyon nucs compared to 8th gen Bean Canyon.
My impression from the linked article is that the picture above is the extreme variant, whereas the non extreme variant appears like a more traditional puck box. That is too say, the extreme variant with discrete gpu is equivalent to the Hades Canyon architecture, using a shared interposer with Intel's bus fabric (emib) for fast interconnect. The Intel XE GPU will probably be the same way, living as a chiplet on the same interposer as the cpu. The reason for this is well known, the integrated gpu on 10 nm fabrication process has caused extremely poor silicon wafer yields, and it's because a defect in the gpu causes the entire cpu to be wasted. Intel got around this problem by laser etching the the faulty i-gpu as to disable the area of silicon selling the cpu with disabled gpu. The problem is the i-gpu consume so much silicon real estate surface area. It's a better move for Intel to scale back to smaller integrated gpu's that are much less likely to contain defects, increasing wafer yields..... Resulting in the 10 nm process to finally come to market. We are talking billions of dollars here in lost profits. So the Intel GPU'will probably exist on an interposer in future Intel designs. Because it compartmentalizes the risk of the more common gpu silicon defects not dragging the cpu side of business. All that said, please consider Hades Canyon hybrid design as a tech preview of Intel's own future design with their own discrete GPU. It's really that simple, but I apologize for the long ranting reply.
I already own three Hades Canyons, and several other 8th gen nuc's. 😎 I'll for sure be getting some of these later generations, but I'm holding out for one with the `avx-512` vector instructions, which i believe was introduced with ice lake in the 10th gen. Sadly Frost Canyon is lacking that particular instruction, and so I've decided to skip that generation entirely. I'm looking forward to this new generation, but as i wrote it's already looking like a disappointment on the graphics side. I'm sure the cpu side will be great.
Thank you! Speaking in my bladder runner Harrison Ford voice, ENHANCE.... Can somebody say what I'm looking at? On my mobile device it's blurry.
Thank you for your perspective. Allow me to clarify, by libtard, I'm referring to antifa specifically. The topic was allegedly mentioned on their forums. But you're absolutely right, and ironically i believe libtards have been on the receiving side of police infiltration as you described (I've seen videos online). Perhaps that is the seed of all this rumored false flag stuff?
They should be self serving. Your spam implementation should add x-headers with a spam score, their email client takes care of the rest. For everything else is say the usual stuff like gray listing, correct dns records, dovecot, etc.
I think of altered carbon as one giant narrative of my favorite character from The Expanse, detective Miller. Except now the first season is over, we get to have whatever comes next. (trying not to spoil it)
I own three Hades Canyons, they are the best nucs, and possibly the best ever considering the rumors coming down the pipe line. The next nuc to replace Hades Canyon is an 11th gen with half the ports. So if you want two Ethernet ports, and six video outputs get a Hades Canyon quick.
Please, go on (elaborate).
The longer the better, especially with multiple displays. It's nice not having to be so crammed, maybe afford enough space for a picture frames, or a cup of coffee.
R.I.P. &amp;#x200B; Insurance?
Was it a power pack? &amp;#x200B; I'd be interested to know if it was one of the newer flex-volt types, but don't want to presume too much.
I'm good with that.
territorial pissing &amp; shitting, or protest shitting &amp; pissing... either way.. this is the feline equivalent of "fuck you human".
https://www.synology.com/en-global/knowledgebase/DSM/help/DSM/AdminCenter/system_externaldevice_devicelist
Jizz in my pants ... https://youtu.be/VLnWf1sQkjY
I believe that capability is only present during the installer, and not during the gnome initial setup program. As others have mentioned, one can run `ctrl` + `alt` + `F3` (or some other function key) to reach a TTY. Login as root, and do the needful.
Negative.
I'm guessing some Linux troll said something offensive to him, whilst being simultaneously sarcastic, ironic, and completely true. Rather than being totally defeated, he has held resentment, spite, contempt, etc.... His only recourse is to shun Linux community at any possible moment. I'm sure his asshole tightens reflexively when he gets his pretty revenge on those trolls, and he's going to 'show them' that even when he's wrong, he's right because he's a big boy boss now.
Yes. Faster, but barely. Early generations afci would break the circuit seemingly erroneously, many times a staple on the romex was too tight, or the termination at the receptacles was done poorly. The implication is that Acfi gets a lot of criticism, and some folks would rather not upgrade old work that was grand fathered in before afci became code at the national level ~20 years ago. In my opinion afci raised the bar not just on safety, but folks need to do better, are forced to do better, e.g. not put so much pressure on the staple gun, and best practices for receptacle jobs. Little details, but i digress. Afci might help but you're not wrong about standard breakers in this case. The whole circuit full flowing like that should trip any standard 15 or 20 amp breaker, but maybe slower... Like a few millisecond. There are videos online of people testing various different breakers with high speed cameras, you should go check them out, pretty entertaining and informative.
They come in at least two or three different configurations. The website should have more details.
Hopefully we don't see the rise of token diversity corporate directors. Becoming a board director should be from merit and or qualification, not genetics. I do not like rules around outcomes compared to rules on incomes. See the issues with affirmative action, and why society stopped doing affirmative action around University admission.
Maybe try another vnc client. I'm out of ideas, good luck.
If tuna is the chick of the seas, and iguana is the chicken of the trees, the clearly iguanas is tree tuna. Clear as mud?
Try `dnf distro-sync` to install all the packages included in fedora updates, to go back to the GA version of Fedora you would need to disable the updates repo, and only have the base repo enabled.
Disable the updates repo, enable only the base repo. You can edit the repo files, or use the command line `--disablerepo=* --enablerepo=...` . I'd have to look at the repo names, but it might be something like 'fedora31' or some patterns like that.
You are (apparently by self allegation) exactly the type of person WHY this feature exists. It's to prevent BOTs or other BOT like people (i.e. people like you) from spamming and trolling the community. full stop.
IS that a belt restraint around the patient's neck, covered by blanket? And, why the heck are they even showing this patients' face (i.e. the patients identity) to the whole world? I hope that patient consented to this being broadcast to the whole world, and WTF is up with those reporters... are they not scared of infection? This is like an EVERYTHING AWFUL post. Also, is this outside the hospital, or inside a basementɁ̦ just look at those ducts and pipes along the walls/ceilings.
I doubt that. We see that exact behavior all the time, it's probably just you exaggerating. Also, somebody probably reported you to the admins, which suggest you were being threatening, or some such. However, I will agree with you on one point, this site is operated by a bunch of libtard safe space snowflakes, that much is unsubjectively true with plenty of citable examples. But (this is an edit) Spez is actually a pretty decent person, I've delt with him before, and we both mod at least one sub. I'm not sure the same can be said of other site operators, some of them seem to be self righteous idealogues ready to hostilely evict people they disagree or dislike. Please don't conflate being banned for being a threatening hostile troll with simply being insulting or making liberal user of as hominem attacks, there is a not so fine line between the two.
When u bought a bunch of new sale priced WD Easy Store 10TB drives, to replace my existing 8x HBST 4TB nas drives, I kept all the enclosures and control boards just in case I ever need to Warranty RMA one of them. Turns out I regularly have need of a 4TB amount of temporary storage with USB 3 speeds being entirely acceptable. So just put them old drives in the external enclosures, and away we go; and if there is an RMA just shuck the old drive out, put the correct drive in, no problem.
POSIX is dead. That was for Unix, and Unix is dead.
Yeah, it's field replaceable, so long as we have an absolute unit properly equipped with a desoldering kit. 😉
The eu has no phone manufacturing anymore. They are left with creating laws that passive aggressively apply to overseas manufacturing. Meanwhile, the eu has a bunch of different power receptacles across member states. I'd say start there, unify on something they can actually enforce in their own lands, instead of exerting policy to overseas.
Buy a bunch of Western Digital Easy Store enclosures, BestBuy has online sales often. Shuck those "inexpensive" drives, and then place them into your Redundant Array of INEXPENSIVE Drives. This glosses over the procedure, more realistically this might take a long time to remove one old drive, add the new drive, rebuild the stripe set, rinse &amp; repeat the process one-by-one until all drives are replaced. Then, you will be able to expand the filesystem, the end.
Is this even a real problem, that kernel is from anaconda repo, and it might be older already replaced by an update?
Another strategic issue with Intel 10th gen to keep in mind is the AVX instructions, which pretty much turn the CPU into a viable replacement for a GPU. But the 10th gen cores in the nuc are not the full power, that only have avx-256 instructions, where 10th gen ice lake have avx-512. But keep in mind a GPU does most vector math, and they probably do a lot more than the generic vectors the new instruction brings. The point is a lot of things we would of load to a GPU can be done directly in the CPU now, including graphics. So things like software rendering might improved a little. It's not much, but worth mentioning. Software rendering has always be awful, and now might be slightly less terrible.
Can it cut through 1.5 inch cold roll plate? Like the stuff used in a vault? (asking for a friend)
Change the default in your bios/firmware.
Most shells don't conform to the 1981 /bin/sh Bourne shell, mostly because it's actually terrible. Most modern shells are based on the Posix shell. Please keep in mind that Posix shell is not actually /bin/sh (Bourne shell), because Posix shell is the Korn shell from 1988. You can install Unix to try the Bourne shell, it was still present in Solaris 10 I believe, so it's not impossible to find. But nobody should want to do that, because it's a terrible shell. So most shells are somewhat loosely based on the Korn shell features.
Xfs is very opinionated as filesystems go. For example, xfs cannot shrink. But shrinking is no problem for ext4 or btrfs. For reducing the size of a filesystem, there are two purported wats forward, according to xfs developers. A) crater a new filesystem and restore from backup. Or, B) use lvm2 thin provisioning in tandem with xfs. Neither of these are great options, but the latter features are actually kinda cool, and shown off rather well in Stratis project. So the implication here is that xfs goes in one direction only, and that is infinite growth. The often touted high performance and scalability of xfs is a often the main persasive point for xfs. But wait, let's look at this claim more closely, and it soon deflated. On a xeon or power9 server system with a tremendous amount of cores xfs does indeed look better on charts &amp; graphs. But let's be realistic, your laptop is not a big server, and the scalability of the many cores is itself a weird feature. Most storage servers are edge devices, where lower power is the target performance profile, not cpu scale. The machines with higher core counts are generally turned over to applications or virtualization. A virtual machine with 2 or 4 vcpu's provisioned is NOT going to achieve the so-called scalability benefits to make xfs any better than anything else like ext4. These are just my personal private opinions only. I'd not personally select XFS in most cases, but I most certainly would in a few unusual cases. Database system where the database is not managing the raw storage itself, yes. Big application server with many cores, much memory, and an imperative need for robustness; heck yeah I'd go with XFS to squeeze out every last drop of performance, or rather... Get the storage performance out of the way so my apps can perform their tasks.
India, it would seem.
The universe is a construct inside an HTML5 canvas, and God had a typo in the css?
Takes a look here: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/managing_file_systems/checking-and-repairing-a-file-system_managing-file-systems#proc_repairing-an-xfs-file-system-with-xfs_repair_checking-and-repairing-a-file-system I agree with you in general, in regards to thinking about the failure scenario. Same thing for raid volumes too, one has to consider what happens when the disk array requires consistency check or whatever; is that degraded state going to effectively make the storage unavailable or otherwise frustrate production? A filesystem check has that potential, depending on the filesystem. I believe xfs actually does very well in that scope of consideration, but is not entirely removed from needing consistency checks.
I believe /u/KVHochstaden may have indulged in a bit of sarcasm, and based on what you wrote I don't see any disagreement in the implied sentiment.
I'd be fine having a great synth discussion here, it would be the ultimate troll.
But what is the Doug score on that fart spray?
And you didn't read what I wrote, apparently. It's just not about paying or not.
&gt;There are packages that ship in Fedora that don't make it to RHEL. Right, exactly.... RHEL is inferior to Fedora in every way possible. The packages are the same, but only a subset of packaged, where the super-set of packages in fedora is huge. And, epel is also based on Fedora, so why not just use Fedora?
Makemkv rips the blueray pure, no conversion. If you need to encode different use ffmpeg. If you want to repack them different use mkvtoolnix
I was not able to find any reproduction prints, but had fun learning about that designer. Thanks.
I've seen folks on my teams google a solution, try the solution, and aggravate the problem further. There is a point where knowing what you're doing is superior to knowing how to find the answer (i.e. potentially bad answers too). Network engineers need to know their material, the path to the outside network could be down. Platform engineers should be competent to work without the Internet, because when things go sideways the organization needs people to spend time restoring service, not restoring browser tabs or whatever.
Because a tos is a technical copy protection device, it has big technical words inside, so it must be a tech device. /S
I love this. Because aesthetics needs no function.
Yeah, I'm using the ps4 pro for playback. I use the makemkv backup feature, then feed that into handbrake, and use the mkv container with the encoding you mentioned. The ps4 is an awful terrible mkv player. It cannot do many features I've come to expect from vlc or other players. Most of the time i just stream the file from a dlna server, but it's possible to use a usb drive.
Texan here, and avid BBQ fanatic.... this is not Texas style BBQ sauce, just saying. For that, one would take the meat drippings, combine with an acid (usually vinegar), tomato puree (but optionally just pureed chilies), and whatever herbs &amp; spices. We are pretty fluid when it comes to the various ways BBQ could be enjoyed, and we're a friendly bunch, don't really judge too much.... with the one exception where non-Texan's start to label things as "Texas style" when they are clearly not. I'm not sure this could even be subjectively, and certainly not objectively, characterized Texas style. Mostly the part about celery, but in general. This looks a lot closer to a salsa, or a cooked gazpacho. But in the former sense it's not Texas style salsa due to celery, and in the later sense it would make sense... but that is abjectly not Texan anymore. I'm not saying this concoction is not delicious, I'd try it, and probably like it.
I tend to agree. As you point out it's almost a false dichotomy, because good BBQ doesn't need any kind of sauce. But mediocre BBQ might benefit from sauce, so it goes... Not everyone has access to a smoker, and plenty of beginners use their kitchen ovens to slow cook things like brisket. I give them folks a pass, at least they're trying, learning, and that counts for something.
In my humble opinion, No. Buy the Hades Canyon. But, it depends.... Based on the leaked pictures of Phantom Canyon, they will have half as many I/O ports compared to Hades Canyon, but a similar enclosure. What I means is this: Hades Canyon has two Display Ports, two HDMI ports, two Thunderbolt3 ports, AND two Ethernet ports. See Here: https://simplynuc.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/01/SimplyNUC_Marketing_02-1.jpeg The leaked Phantom Canyon Has half as many of everything, suggesting less value overall. See here: https://cdn.wccftech.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/Intel-Tiger-Lake-CPU-Xe-Graphics-Powered-Phantom-Canyon-Extreme-NUC-11.png So for me, that is a deal breaker. I have three Hades Canyon NUC's, and most of them are in a multi-display configuration, at least three displays is the usual, but I've had one briefly in at least 4 displays, and I've tested as many as 5 displays. So for me, video ports is a higher value. But, you have to recognize if you consider that a value for yourself, and the new Phantom Canyon would certainly be capable of supporting three displays because display port and thunderbolt3 can handle multi-stream. But then you have to ask yourself, are you willing to give-up the rear thunderbolt 3 port, are you never going to use any other TB3 peripherals? Also, related to this TB3 topic, it's not clear if the front type-c port is TB3 or USB3, so that might change your mind if we find out. For me, the Ethernet port is also a big deal. People have been wanting multiple network ports on their NUC's for a while, and we finally got them in Hades Canyon. Perhaps there is another NUC variant with two that I don't know about? But the Phantom Canyon not having two is (for me) less value. I do use both network ports on my Hades Canyons in LACP mode to achieve 2 gigabit aggregate network speed. I've also used the Hades Canyon as a network router in my home lab. Having two Ethernet ports is a very useful feature, but it depends on you. I'd say most people would not use both, and so it's reasonable for Intel to drop the second port, I cannot fault them for that, it saves money. So then, I suppose it comes down to what the proposed retail price is going to be on these new units? If they come down on price, I'd say that's a fair trade off. If they maintain the premium price, then probably not so worth it. It really depend on you!
&gt;Really I just love beans and I love chili and they go well together Exactly. Same here. But would you buy a can of chili with beans? Ignoring all the other issues, for a lot of folks that is like adding water to whiskey. Beans remove value from chili in certain context. I agree that beans in chili is a good combo, also raw onion, and Fritos. But I'd not buy a can of chili with Fritos. Finally you have to recognize that the chili from a can, and indeed most modern day recipes, is not even chili.... not at all. Might as well just call it "Texas style" Bolognese sauce, because that's what it is. Spaghetti sauce with meat, and the 'chile' part is just an afterthought. It's not at all the original, which lacked tomatoes, was more of a smoked red chile puree sauce you would serve over BBQ at a campfire, maybe pair with enchiladas, etc... Even paired with beans 😉
Cannot stop me from using facial recognition. Writing software is free speech, so preventing my free speech and free expression is a big giant NOPE. Also, it's my private property, so if I'm going to recognize the faces of people or animals or whatever, I will do so in accordance to my own morals and ethics.... In terms of the government using facial recognition, well good for them.... it's adversarial. How are they going to stop me from fucking their face recognition system? Maybe outlaw costumes, or hats, or make-up? What if I write the word freedom on a handkerchief, wear that around my face? I understand some places limit freedom that way, outlaw racist white hoods and other well intention, yet freedom limiting, things like that.... in the name of safety or whatever BS they say. Maybe they outlaw fake beards and wigs too, where does it ever end.... like I wrote, it's adversarial, and so if people want to look funny to get around being recognized, they should be able. To me, it's like banning people who have photographic memory, or are really good remembering peoples names. Some folks can draw a hyper realistic picture of people they have seen or met only once. Meh... recognition is just fine, some people do it better than others, and their is no problem creating tools to improve the act of recognition.
They have to say that, for that price. I like the lamp though, but I'll wait for the cheap Alibaba rip off bands to beat the price.
Hello OP /u/nullrecord Can you try this: sysctl -w vm.oom-kill = 0 And re-run the reproducer? This globally disables out of memory process killing. But it does not set that permanently, it would go back to default on the next boot. To make it permanent it would need to go into `/etc/sysctl.conf`, but it would be better to set the OOM score more appropriately for the mdadm process, so that one doesn't get murdered, which is what I suspect is happening here.
Truth
Just rotate the whole receptacle 180. /S
And feed both wires in so the righty does the tighty
Noodle gonna noddle, haters gonna hate
And children.
The virus is still going to be in the wild, right? And what about mpv vaccines for both genders?
Forget phone chargers, those are already standard on type-c connectors. This is just virtue signaling, so how about Europe confront the real issue in their lands..... How about one single unified power receptacle, instead of all the different kinds around Europe? I'm mainly looking at you switzerland, and Italy, but also places like Liechtenstein and belgium, and a special fuck you United Kingdom. In a twist of something resembling Irony, the UK style receptacle is probably the best of the bunch, at least in terms of electrical safety.... That would be the one to sellect, but they are leaving the EU so circle jerks all around.
Right, you are exactly on point with respect to the grounding pin. It's a safety issue, compatibility nightmare, and it's chaos. It's easy to write laws that only impact overseas technology, but it's harder to break the internal status quo. I'm all for this new directive, but I respectfully call shenanigans.
Ipads already use them, the transition is mid ways through. The mechanical interlocks in the uk style receptacle prevent all kinds of potential electrical faults, fires, etc.
Boeing and Northrop Grumman are both experienced at milking government tits. It's a systemic issue that cuts deep down to the sub-contractors, and sub-sub-contractors, the whole supply chain, and labor unions.
I don't want people to know I'm the top mod of any sub. It more like the top janitor.
Yes. I'd say a good first job for a teenager, but it could be rough work. hot long hours. good luck
This same setup was used in california when they had a terrorist event a year or two ago. looks like the same exact thing, goes up circles around, lands.
I'd be down for some clean up, but have work and stuff. :-(
As other said, maybe try to tighten bolts. But i believe the wiggle originated in the plastic box bellow the seat pan, and I'm not sure what is in that compartment. I'm thinking you have a missing bolt inside that box. Honestly, i'd reach out to hm for warranty fix, show this video.
So illegal search without probable cause?
Thanks for sharing. I think this is the right move for DART, but it sucks for people traveling to work downtown early morning.
That's a good idea, the planning parts, having assurances. A quick search online indicates Yelp lists of sand volleyball rentals in dfw. Good luck
I put a full size ssd in mine, and populated the m.2 with an nvme. I think the internal drive would be faster.
Well I've seen people "borrow" utensils from restaurants, or the salt/pepper shakers. People steal, and perceive that it's somehow in their best interest to do so, and it's practically a fact of life.
Yeah, this wasn't very discrete or subtle.
&gt; Thank god for mouth swab tests it’s way more fair. Really? What's up with that, are they less sensitive?
&gt; Many have college degrees. Liberal arts degree can only go so far.
shadow banned.
This one time the kebab I had in Czechia, I believe was german-turkish way. I was confused at first, but whatever, I ate it and promptly forgot my previous concepts of kebab. Good stuff!
Yeah, probably would be less expensive with DAC for the short runs. I'm guessing the OP wants to distribute these things later on down the road for other purposes, just guessing, but might want to have longer length runs later on.
What is the longest length we can run a dac? I'd wager they could get pretty long.
That does seem more fair. Sounds like that swab test would determine if there person was on drugs right now, versus 5 weeks ago or whatever the Urine test detects. I've worked with guys that smoke, and seen some mistake they make, so knowing if somebody is high right now is valuable to me.
Maybe. One thing I've seen repeated here many times is they drive giant SUVs in the burbs. Not sure if that aligns with fat, but you know... fat ride.
Dear Internet, Please make it happen. For the lulz, produce this song.
&gt; ... (seriously, look at the tweet source. Smash Capitalism) ... Genetic fallacy holds. However, putting that issue aside, what you wrote about it potentially being anybody in the crowd is a compelling argument. I think you would be more persuasive if you didn't come across so harsh, that way people can focus on your points instead of your emotion and energy. Just saying. I certainly think it's something a protester would say sarcastically or facetiously to mock the situation and/or the police. I could also see this being something a cop might say if they were high on adrenaline or something. But I have not watch the video, just speculating. The sad part is that now your point is buried in down-votes because you were being obnoxious.
I honestly cannot imagine what would happen for the USA. Like for example, in Texas we have a lot of signature dishes, and culinary traditions. People think of Chile (or spelled chili), BBQ (particularly beef bbq), and don't get me started on Tex-Mex cuisine.... Nacho's anyone? Most "mexican" food people eat is really Tex-Mex, or Americanized Texas Mexican food. But then I try to think of other states, and I would imagine there being a lot of overlap. Kansas and South Carolina might also like to have BBQ as their signature dish, and the two BBQ's might even be a lot different. I know in the Carolina's they have BBQ traditions going back centuries to the founding days of colonies.
This. SPF is not the only issue here, but sometimes I'm not sure recommending domain keys is the way forward for some people. But the OP can have that issue saved for later once SPF is figured out.
Gorgeous handle, and I like the tang &amp; hilt are bold.
Gorgeous handle, and I like the tang &amp; hilt are bold.
&gt; Perhaps slightly ironically, bread has been banned in this household until the wedding because it contains too many calories. The struggle is real.
Not disagreeing, but in my humble opinion his posture was not unreasonable in the circumstances. I'm on mobile right now, so sharing links might be laborious, but I'll try to remember when I'm back at the computer. Mean while, head over to YouTube and see if you can run a query. Fair warning, used incognito mode because you probably don't want to teach the YouTube algorithm that your interested in police interaction videos. I had to retrain YouTube to avoid showing me that type of content, filled with fringe people with whatever issues arguing with police.
I'm on mobile right now, so please excuse my formatting or misspelling errors. Can you please copy paste the following: # cat /proc/cmdline This will suggest what kernel boot parameters were passed. We want to see something like `systemd.unit=emergency.target` and an absence of any other cmdline that might contradict the RO feature of emergency.target This is just a sanity test really, depending on your answer I may try to reproduce your setup. Thanks in advance.
Bad bot.
I was thinking a cgroup freezer scope might be a great way to implement the feature. But this is really neat.
For anybody unaware of the meme: Started back in the LA riots, like what ~ 1992 or something? https://i.redd.it/gj071qb3l5ay.jpg
I have that, it works on my 2560.1440x75hz display. Can you copy paste the output of $ cat ~/.config/monitors.xml It should contain the information about your monitor, presuming you are on a gnome3 distro, say ubuntu. Also, speaking of distro's... I'd recommend you try the Fedora live boot from usb. That way I can more easily support you, as that's the distro I'm paid to work on, and I don't know the others you mentioned, but it might not matter much. We tend to have the most latest upstream kernel and user software, so it's a great tool for checking hardware issues. Anyways, for a potential work around you might be able to edit that file to have the right refresh, the setting is there. Going a step further, it's possible to copy your user copy of that file, and make it so it's effective in GDM. $ sudo cp --verbose ~/.config/monitors.xml ~gdm/.config/. Something like that, then when you reboot the greeter screen should be happy.
So I went to reproduce, here is what I found. * booting with `systemd.unit=emergency.target` works as expected, read-only rootfs. * booting to default.target, then running `systemctl isolate emergency.target` does not result in a read-only rootfs as the system transitions down mode. So apparently when transitioning from default to emergency, in effect you get rescue mode instead with a RW rootfs. I'm not sure this is a bug, or not, but leaning towards bug because after I `systemctl isolate emergency.target` I'm then able to manualy make the rootfs RO with `mount -o remount,ro /` works. I guess systemd doesn't have a step to remount a writiable rootfs, but I'm no expert, and would hate to speculate too much. Would you be interested in opening a bug for this issue? (https://bugzilla.redhat.com) EDIT: As an afterthought, I would suggest you document `systemctl isolate rescue.target` instead of emergency.target, at least for now until we get this sorted. That way there is not implied RO rootfs for the student demo to trip over. Something to consider.
And had been amended many times. https://statutes.capitol.texas.gov/Docs/CP/htm/CP.101.htm
&gt; Facebook Inc (FB.O) will allow employees participating in the protest to take the time off without drawing down their vacation days, spokesman Andy Stone said. So that is very accommodating of Facebook, but i would totally make the employees pay for their choices with their bank of PTO hours.
Yeah it's so weird how going cold turkey on advertising, causes a higher sensitivity to advertising.
You should study Martin Luther King, Gandhi, and the other historical figures that illuminated the peaceful way forward during times of civil unrest. Seriously, your question implies a total lack of historical perspective or understanding.
With the on-site PBX you can alter the caller-ID of outbound connections, or even design sophisticated inbound rules to reject calls based on caller-id. The whole th ing is ancient and broken tech, but still useful. I think the PBX can forward calls to a chat program/service, and other nice things, but requires effort to achieve. If you want a low effort phone communication-like system, then a chat system is just fine. Fuck it, who needs phones at all?
Pneumatic die grinders a very light weight, and can go fast or slow depending how much air flow you allow throught the tool. Most compressors have regulators, but I think most air tools themselves have triggers that do the same variable flow trigger.
I'm only partially joking when I say that I hope dewalt gets into Kitchen Appliances, so that some day I can have a variable speed brushless stand mixer, hand mixer, blender, etc... with 20v lipo packs. I just had to replace the brushes in my hand mixer, and hated it, reminded me of my old tools before brushless.
And who owns Black &amp; Decker, and Dewalt? Hrm..... (FYI I'm joking around with you with the rhetorical question - read in your most sarcastic inside-voice for full effect) The B&amp;D RTX thing could potentially be rebranded as a DeWalt tool, like so many other Stanley/B&amp;D company's like Porter Cable, etc...
Always.
Net Neutrality never really was a Law. Let me explain: The term "net neutral" itself started out as the name of a contract clause between network operators. The Net Neutral clause, which usually stipulated that network peers who want to agree to exchanging each others IP packets will be "neutral" with respect to those packets. In other words not firewall them, and turn into an escalating war of filtering each others packets, etc... The net operators were wanting to connect to as many other net operators as possible, to increase their own value as the Internet was still developing. There used to be issues like that back in the early dial-up days when many net operators were on a T1 lines, and didn't have much bandwidth to share. The temptation to bias one's one packets and interfere with somebody else's was very real. So the clause was drafted, and baked into the contract language boiler plate used by all ISP's when working with each other. Then the term started to be "overloaded" with other concepts, in particular it became the term used for the average Internet consumer, as if to raise the lowly end-user to the same level as Internet back-haul operators agreeing to trade packets, which is a huge stretch, and really self-centered of anybody to compare themselves to an ISP. But whatever, that's what happened, and that is the current idea of what Net Neutrality means. It's all about consumer protection now, but that fails to recognize the original idea, which is that "net Neutrality" was all about Contract Law. So then, what is the contract between the average ISP customer, and the ISP? Where in that contract is the "net neutrality" clause? It's a rhetorical question, there is no consumer level Net Neutrality, or rather there is no ISP that tells customers they will not firewall their packets, because the ISP has no incentive to enter into that kind of agreement with customers, but they do have the incentinve with other network peers at their same level. I'm just here to clarify this, I have no stake in the discussion otherwise. The FCC is not the right organization to deal with contract disputes between telecomm's, and that is why the FCC is trying to shift that aspect over the the SEC, which is arguably more appropriate for contract disputes. What I'm trying to suggest to you is th at the consumer protection elements of what you say "net neutrality" have been weakened to align with reality, and have shifted to being regulated by a more appropriate government entity. I always find this conversation difficult to explain, because I actually agree with the consumer protection stuff 100%, but I'm simultaneously not deluded about Net Neutrality actual history.
Let it be known. /u/MaximumDestruction thinks peace is a fairtale.
Hades Canyon is your best bet. 8th gen and up, I believe, tend to have the usb type-c receptacle with either ThunderBolt3 or USB-3 alt mode for displayport forwarding.
lol `popd` mother fuckers! (boom)
Why does this make you upset? Or am I misunderstanding the implication or entailment fo what you wrote? Correct me if I'm wrong, but are you upset about people trying to help clean streets, potentially ineffective, and yet that is what they are doing. Care to clarify? Was I supposed to be outraged or something(?), because I'm not, just saying...
Are you sure that was the aircraft? Have you seen this? https://www.navytimes.com/news/your-navy/2019/04/22/end-of-an-era-navys-p-3c-orion-embarks-on-its-final-deployment/ If that was the P# Orion, then it would have been departing the old Naval air station around grand prairy, or that's my best guess. But if you read the link, all that seems unlikely. I've no idea.
Please re-read what the OP wrote. ;-)
I'm not sure any of the mods here have alts, but they might, who knows? I'd like to know, but I won't entertain paranoid speculation. If you got some proof, let me know.
Stop. You're making too much sense. We cannot have that around here /s ;-)
I was wondering that also. My only guess is they test inmates going into the jail system, but I find that hard to believe, yet potentially plausible. Who knows.
Ask again at the 6 month mark. You are currently in the in-between stages of beard growth. Looks fine, keep it going!
Any number of sample libraries.
I'm glad you found a way forward, but it seems the core problem is Wayland. There might be hints on the system journal. See `journalctl` output for any clues.
I'm glad you got to see it fly, wish i could have seen that too. Speaking of the old naval station, when I worked there years ago, they had retired guys working on restoring old air craft, and they have a museum. You seem like the type who would be interested. Just an fyi, some really neat things there.
I got the high-end fabric, not sure that was the right move or not, i just wanted a millimetre or do more of fabric plush/thickness. My cat likes to claw on the chair fabric. To my surprise no damage, not even a little. No ideas who that fabric managed to hold up, but anyways..... That's my personal ancedote.
This lady, interrupting a bug orgy.
Yeah I suspect gpu/hdd enclosures are going to be the new docking stations in the future. Thunderbolt3 of course for the 40 Gigabit links. Probably display monitors will try to be come TB3 hubs also.
It's going to start hanging heavy soon, so the wavy curly issues will be gone. Almost there! I'd also echo other remarks about triming the sideburns, but it's your doo, and you do you!
Nice view of Austin. I used to live in that area before it changed a few years back. Looks swanky! Nice table too
Thanks for sharing. I read the whole page, turns out it was a police officer who was in charge of the fire department, and "ordered" the use of fire hose on children demonstrators. So.... I think what I wrote before still holds true.
Thanks, I should go back and fix the typos. I was on mobile at the time. The combination of autocorrect, and genuine typos can be hilarious sometime, and embarrassing.
Yes, Deadspace2 had an insane platinum. Maximum difficulty, and only two saves allowed. That was the hardest platinum i ever earned. Took me about 8 months to get good enough to achieve that play through. I probably restarted that game play through a few hundred times. I really enjoyed deadspace 3 in terms of the early game zero-g space weightless parts. That one also introduced multiplayer trophies, which was controversial at the time, deadspace was hardcore single player franchise at the time.
Really? Let me look, I'll restore the image. You don't need to do that thread, just tag as protest. Edit: fixed
I looked at your profile, and approved you're posts.
Yeah, at this point going with el8 would be the smart move. Also, it's risky to not have physical access, but in the past I've managed to get unattended kickstart install to finish, but it can be nerve racking.
I would suggest practicing in a virtual machine first, develope your kickstart, make it perfect for your env.
I did try to make the game work, and it was a nightmare. The game seems to integrate a bit too deeply into windows.
I would also suggest /r/personalfinance. I came here to write exactly that! Thanks Rebel.
The Linux additions are most welcome. But realistically we still need to run a real disto in `chroot`, but things are getting better.
Yeah, he probably didn't see the scope consequences coming, but he owned it, and that is pretty honorable. Him staying true to his ideals is admirable.
Nice Houston! This is greatness. Can somebody say what's up with the raised hand going through the intersection? Is that a traffic signal for horse riders, or possibly some other symbolic gesture?
This looks useful. For me the matric equations are the sore spot. Ever since Covid-19 started, I've been helping a very elderly 12th grade math teacher learn how to use an equation editor. She's old school, and writes out all the equations and course work by hand! Anyways, her school district or whatever uses Google docs, and it turns out Google's equation editor simply does not do any matric stuff. (like shown in the demo here). LaTex is out of the question, and the more robust editors in Libre Office or even Microsoft word are too cumbersome for her to use, remember she's old. But if I could find a WYSIWYG editor it might stand a chance.
I'm surprised the OP didn't mention this one foremost, but like others said it's assumed true...at least for now.
That's what i was thinking. They would raised their hand going through there intersection, then lower afterwards. I just wasn't sure if they were doing that for the camera. Thanks for explaining. Today I learned
I remember paying for supposedly optimized c/c++ compiler on Sun Solaris so many years ago, late 90's. Pretty soon the free tool-chains were more optimized, but the company I worked for wanted to have a support contract for the software. I think another big aspect of this back then was the integrated development env, or whatever passed for one back then. There was more perception of value-add-ons back then I guess, the whole package was a bundle of software to edit the source files, build, and debug. All those parts and piece became separate tools, and eventually nobody cared for an expensive non-optimal compiler that has a buggy IDE. I don't think the situation was always like that, the Microsoft "visual" development suite was pretty good in comparison. Those early days were wild!
Doesn't Gnome have it's own mini distro now, potentially more for testing purposes, but still? Regardless Fedora is always a top choice for Gnome experience since so many paid Gnome devs contribut there via Red Hat.
How did you manage to build all that? I'd be very keen to know how you setup the buildroot? Anyways, I'm guessing you did not build util-linux, or something like that. Util-linux is where `cp` sources from.
How much of a lean are we talking about, like a 1 degree, or 10 degree tilt, or what? I think the back tilt is just held back by a stopper plate mechanism, so I would not expect a super tight firm hold.
Well I'd say this was a pretty authoratative answer!
If you have children, save the box for box-fort!
I suppose a bash index array would work. you can increment a coutner viable in the value part of the entry the index of the entry can be numeric, say "15" or "22" or "11" counter_vars["15"]+=1
Linux != Spyware
Incogneto mode is a client side feature. Tracking is a server side feature. I don't understand? Why does any rational or reasonable person expect a client side tool would stop server side tracking? The feature is not described this way, it simply makes all cookies &amp; history ephemeral, destroyed when the broweser process ends. WEBSITES CAN TRACK ALL BROWSERS TO SOME EXTENT. Unless you use ToR or some other advanced technology.
I don't think grandma would appreciate being at the center of a circlejerk, much less a synth circlejerk. The later is much much worse. /s
You should be proud, that is fantastic. Did you use a pattern, or trace the contours manually?
Honest question, what is that? &gt; "All Means All” Is that another way of saying "All lives matter" ? Is this another Hillary Clinton type thing?
Wait, did you wire the coils, or the other parts? I'd absolutely hate to have to do coil windings, because I've done them before, but not like a huge generator with big coils.
Thank you! Now it makes sense, given the missing context. The superintendent failed to reference this, and I guess it was an assumption district parents already knew. I appreciate you taking the time to explain, thanks again.
You're right.
The human brain require a considerable amount of carbohydrates to function properly. If i remember correctly, the amount of carbs the brain consumes compared to the rest of the body was shocking, something like 80% of carbs ingested go to the brain. Because children have small bodies they cannot store enough fuel in they blood stream to continuously feed the brain, so they tend to eat lots of smaller meals through the day. The worst thing to do for a small child is to fixate in breakfast/lunch/supper meal routines, because they pretty much need to snack (forage) all day to feed their development.
There was a closed ecosystem constructed in the USA decades ago, where they sealed a few scientists inside. Huge facility, pretty much full of plants to scrub the exhaled carbon from the small group of people inside. The whole experiment eventually failed, but it was pretty educational. The facility was a large building, probably a small stadium size for comparison, so that might give you and ideas of how much biomass each human being on earth requires to sustain life balance. A whole lot! If we lose the Amazon rain forest, then we're in big trouble.
I was wondering too. I hate abbreviation sometimes.
It's a big conspiracy, and you're at the center. Because the world revolves around you.
Yeah, this reminds me of something i read about once, when the earth was over oxygenate from ocean microbiology, and it caused an extinction event. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Oxidation_Event
I'd say fajita's, t-bone steak (or Porter House, same thing), meat loaf, cheese burgers, hotdogs.... Go crazy!
Can you show that please, thanks in advance.
Right, it's not there. "All means all" is mention exactly once, without references. I'm asking you to cite the reference. Can you quote please?
So are you unable, or unwilling to spell out this context? You say it's right there, where exactly? If you're argument is so solid and factual, then please show me the sentence that you claim is the context.
Oh my, I had forgot all about that guy. This made me laugh.
I love a good troll as much as the next person, but i was being fully serious. Haha... Somebody else posted a link to the trailer, and I about lost it in laughter. Too funny.
I wonder how one could find out? It would be good to have some facts beyond what we see on TV. That way more grass root community efforts could get started. I would image there are others in the community willing to volunteer their resources to help. I would, but don't know where to start. Maybe the op gets a lot of direct message, and puts together an informal list to share?
That makes total sense, yeah. But it's highly amusing because the lawsuit seems utterly baseless, like the kind that gets summary dismissal. I don't see Google settling or losing, and if i were Google I'd drag out the summary dismissal to make it cost more, then saddle the plaintiff with legal fees.
Yes. Even very old IP cameras support V6. For example, I bought a few of these back in the mid 2000's: https://www.linksys.com/us/support-product?pid=01t80000003K7Y7AAK And they can do dual stack or V6 only. This is just one example, but I can say with a very high level of confidence that most IP cameras are really just tiny embeded Linux computers. So V6 support is pretty much free to implement for the hardware engineers, because Linux.
`Bruh!`
I would avoid fucking with the execs. I knew a person one time, messed with an exec's computer while unattended. Loaded some weird "vb macro"in the execs email outlook software. I forget what it did exactly (because I'm a Linux person), nothing major, but it got that person fired.
Kolaches I can understand, but queso? really? That melted cheese substances seems so ubiquitous, that I have a challenging time considering that people in other places don't know about it. Heck, even Taco Bell has it on their menu, and california is no stranger to Tex-Mex. BTW - not doubting you or contradicting, just sharing my surprise.
Seller is out of their mind with that price. For about the same amount of money you can buy a brand new one (on sale), and get the 12y warranty. The warranty does not transfer on resales, so the high price of these chairs largely represents the values of the warranty on first sale. Like about half, or there abouts. I would entertain offers in the range of $450 ~ $550 max. But I play hardball, and there is no shortage of good cheap Aeron chairs on the resale market at lower prices. Consider that chairs that are 10 years old in perfect condition sell for $250.
Gnome software used package kit, not yum or dnf. They are different utilities, and operate in different ways.
Works for me on Hades Canyon, and Bean Canyon. Also, works on older firmware, or the latest firmware, of both kinds. Running Fedora Linux 32, with latest updates &amp; kernel. Just works.
Yeah, like not having a job. No budget, no time.
I'm always using `awk` for those things. awk -F'^"|","|"$|,' '{print $3}' file.csv
Setup an automated way to filter, maybe?
I was going to say something similar. I think a lot of the "science" parts happen in grad school these days. Undergrad is just basics, like how you mentioned software engineering, or IT/IS stuff. Things to get normies up to a baseline level to enter the work force. Even then, I question the results of these university programs, given the interns and recent graduates I've dealt with over the years. Even in grad school, you should see some of the papers being submitted to conferences, it's kinda sad. People just want to get published, and submit really low effort papers.
I could help you draft some automod rules? (I have some experience 😉) I'll pm you later.
Every one is new once. It happens. 😉
Yes we would.
Hi u/doc_sloan So far I've only reviewed the first video, but this is great! May I ask, as somebody who mostly enjoys the last two books, will you be discussing the apparent change of writing style and sexuality introduced in those later books? I've speculated his writing changed after David Lynch's movie, so he began writing for a more general R-rated audience, not just hardcore sci-fi fanatics. We started having space battles, sex, and more planets to read about. They just seem so much better to me, but I'm not trying to diminish the other books because im a big fan, just pointing out the contrast.
Snippet from the article: &gt; Fort Worth’s curfew ended at 5 p.m. Thursday, by unanimous agreement from City Council.
In case you're copy/pasting this from someplace, you might fix this one word: Please post an **excerpt** from the article.
There was a documentary on the Lynch film I viewed last year, and I want to say the effort began in 1981 from a producer's perspective, but I'm probably wrong, it's all so fuzzy right now. I'll be looking up some material later tonight myself. This thesis has reignited my curiosity on the topic.
Yeah that 1/2" DeWalt impact is beastliness. Also, head on over to /r/DeWalt for kicks.
Keep you vice on the ice.
Now that you wrote it here, expect your next broken faceplate. Murphy's law my friend. /S But seriously those 12v tools are nice, light weight, and safe for most residential gigs. Most folks I know got tired of lugging around a heavy 18/20 volt impact driver, but then find out the 12v can do most tasks, the bigger impact is always out in the van, so no big deal. Fyi - checkout /r/DeWalt if your interested.
The first picture is not like the others, missing lumbar support. I'd not pay anything for a chair missing that, but the other pictures look good, and I would offer $250 ~ $275 assuming great condition. These look like they were maintained well.
I finally bought some of these for my own amusement, and I'm not even an electrician anymore.... Switched careers few decades ago, but still practicing. Anyways, I got a variety pack off Amazon for a recent home improvement project, and mind blown! Wish I had these back in the 90's when I was still in the trade. Wire nuts never again!
I suggest you move on to `forever war` and circles back to the starship troopers movie.
Timing is everything. Make sure all variables return true when checked. It could be you asked too soon, then your time started, where you cannot ask again for 30 or 90 days or whatever.
Flight of the Navigator was ok, until PeeWee Herman starts narrating the spaceship. So yeah... Fatal mistake to cross pollinate pop culture people into any sci-fi movie. Except Sting, in David Lynch's Dune. He was a pretty good Raban character.
No.
Stayin in the boat.
That is the reference, powerdvd or whatever.
Amd has access to thunderbolt, so I'm holding out for that, but this laptop is tempting. There main issue for me it's the lack of type-c usb ports. If the laptop had just one more type-c port, I'd be all over this.
What? No Pastafari flying spaghetti? Shocking! /s
You can get something else that does the job for much less money. This one is over priced, but that's just my opinion.
Not even plausible. They would not be allowed in the general population, due to being ex-police.
Yeah, I bet you're right. They're sorry for being caught, not sorry for what they did. But maybe the spare time they will be afforded, they can maybe grow a conscience.
Yes. This 100^2. Get the animal chipped.
👍
I know, that comment deserves gold. 😆
Made in a village near Brno CZ. I happen to work out that way sometimes, I'm USA based, and a big fan of Wera. So anyways, I stopped by the factory... They let me take a tour of the shop floors. Nice tools, nice people.
The number of conservatives Karen's eating at chick'fil'a without any kind of face masks probably outnumber the people attending protesting by one or two orders of magnitude. At least protesters are wearing face masks. The protesters are out because of moral outrage over civil rights, etc... The people outraged about going to the golf course, hardware store, restaurant, etc... are not even comparable. Don't start with this ~~retarded~~ false dichotomy, you're wrong.
That weapon platform is way overkill, but it most certainly looks badass. What I don't understand is why the operator is walking in a park? Shouldn't he be up on the roof tops or something? I guess here's just strutting around to intimidate the protestors who probably get easily menaced by hardware like that.
Oh neat!
That is pretty solid helpful advice. *noted* Also $150 in the bay area is unheard of! Every time I've there on business it's $350/n. Wish my employer would allow these kinds of things, but thanks just the same. I'm for sure going to check that out on the next vacay.
I forgot to mention, fiji water is paying taxes. The military junta threatened to give the water well to another competing company, so the owners capitulated. However, it's also true the company practicing tax avoidance, as they moved their headquarters to the USA, so the usual Cayman islands scheme, which is not illegal and arguably not immoral. Everyone in America has to look out for their own best self interested, and paying the least amount of taxes possible is therefore rational, and reasonable for all Americans. That is why we all optimize out yearly tax returns, etc... we all do it. But this is a common liberal/conservative talking point in their debating. So really this whole thing was liberal virtue signaling by mother jones, which they do a lot! Not complaining, I got some value out of it, but bias is bias.
You should investigated this more before responding. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_R._Bourne The creator of the Unix shell was an Algol developer, and modeled his bourne shell after. This is widely known, bash inherited a lot of Algol baggage from /bin/sh Not anywhere had anyone said bash is equivalent to Algol. I'm sorry you had that misunderstanding.
Isn't ATT one of the worst data cap providers? I haven't read the link, but I'm guessing they worked that into their business model; no caps for partner programs like this, no caps for HBO, but Netflix subscribers beware! Likewise with all the cord cutters hurting the bottom line, HBO is slowly transiting to becoming a streaming provider itself, but simultaneously being the anchor of the cables tv industry, they seem to move carefully, slowly. Whatever, unlike Netflix or Amazon streaming services, at least we can buy most good HBO productions on Blu-ray. They got that going for them, but "eew" why partner with ATT? Not that i care, but hopefully they partner with the other big ISP's after the exclusivity of this deal expires.
The bankers of the world's most evil people, complaint about reprisals!? (Mildly shocking) Trust me, if you do any online investigation into HSBC, you start finding a lot of shade cast by them. Their willingness to work with drug lords is well publicized. Not surprised the PRC would lean on them, they have a history of being leaned on... So to say.
Yeah, this one is very common homework. Thanks for calling it out. It's already covered in countless other posts online, the sites like serverfault, stack overflow, etc..
That's actually kind cool, if that's true? Are you sure they don't have some kind of soft cap? I apologise, very skeptical type person; Not trying to argue, legit question.
Those hip gyrations! Lol
You're absolutely correct. Thanks.
Retail therapy.
I don't get the joke. What does that reference, entail, or imply?
😆👍🤣😁
I thought the idea is poor the liquid contents into a serving containers, where the temperature is then modified prior to serving? Are you taking swigs directly from the Thermos? Don't those have a lid/cap that doubles as serving cup?
Right, if you do as you just write, you will demonstrate that you care about them, and take spam seriously. It's good faith, and people see that. You can stop negative sentiment before it starts.
https://youtu.be/FI_bZhV7wpI Jump to the ~ 17:00 minute mark
This is kinda scary, honestly. It would be such a large and likely powerful pharmaceutical, I'm not sure that is a good move. People get nervous about these big pharmaceutical mergers, because all the party drama with inflated drug costs.
Welcome to the area.
I actually use one of my Juno-106's as a controler, to a roland boutique ju-06a, just because I can! Well, not really that much, but a little....
That scenario must be terrible. I've heard nursing homes have been impacted in a bad way in some places, and that despite the best efforts to prevent the spread of covid-19, it's still managed to infiltrate our most vulnerable old folk homes. :-(
But `rename` does the trick without a for loop. Yeah, read the man page for specifics.
&gt; The Dallas, TX, police were flooded with videos, photos, and gifs of K-pop stars in boy bands and girl groups. Also prevalent were anti-racist, pro-Black Lives Matter messages, song lyrics, calls for justice for George Floyd, and videos of police brutality. That night, as reported by Caroline Haskins in BuzzFeed, hundreds replied to @7soulsmap’s tweet. The exact sequence of events, and of who called first for which activities, has been disputed; what’s not disputed is that, within five hours, most likely as a result of the force, speed, and sheer data-eating quantity of K-pop fans’ iWatch entries, the Dallas police announced on Twitter that the app was down.
Then it should be easy to convince them. So long as the task is easy for them, cheap or free, they should warm up.
Ah thanks, my bad.
This code seems so simple, I'm not sure noop would be impactful here in a measurable way. But others more knowledgeable should give the answer.
Unacceptable. As others have mentioned, change the password. But be cool, Netflix is not that expensive, I'm sure she can afford. I'd give her a gift of Netflix, like a new account paid for the first month, then she has to take over the bill. Might not be easily achievable, I'm not sure, but something like that.
The Uighur people in the PRC are in concentration camps. What international law is that not violating?
Start wearing extra nice clothes on a certain day off the week, take an extra long lunch those days.
That is perfect! 👍 Thanks
Butch of a son, I'm out.
I used to teach engineers how to run change control, and general change management work flows. Here is the video I always opened my presentation with: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVf-rehP4b8 I suggest you watch this video to get a sense of how "enterprise" change control would happen in ideal condition. After watching the video, you can see the hamster wheels spinning on the face of the students. The implications and entailment is clear to anybody who has ever experienced a failed change. There are two basic kinds of changes, the kinds that can roll-back, and the kinds that cannot possibly roll-back. The process is mostly the same for both, but the big difference is the GO/NO-GO decision point on non-failable changes. Those executives get a chance to reject the chance based on their level of risk aversion. Just like a spaceship with lite solid rocket engines cannot be stopped once started, many IT/IS changes cannot be reverted, think firmware updates, etc. Those change plans need to have a way forward, perhaps operating in a degraded state. Say for example a load balance cluster is updated, one half of the cluster is updated, and production load persists on the other half while one side is updated. If there is a failure, the still operational half will become a single-point of failure, hence degraded state. The broken half will be corrected by upstream vendor support, replacement parts, etc. If there is no possibility to failure, that is to say even a degraded state is unacceptable, then that has to be identified way ahead of time. The whole project plan needs to be evaluated and verified to the best ability of everyone involved, and the big-baller boss gets to sign-off.
Message sent: https://www.reddit.com/message/messages/ozlw0z EDIT: The intention is to allow Heinlein fans to post content to the sub-reddit again, it might be restricted. FYI - This is the author of famous literary works, including Starship troopers.
Can you try a live Linux boot usb stick, see if another os see them working.
Yes that is difficult to believe, but I'm not doubting you OP, but rather the excuse you were provided. Very disappointing.
Yeah, i used a heart gun, or rather hot air gun. Blows warm air over the back, soften the glue. Plenty of videos online if the procedure.
I have replace my battery every ~9 months since launch, which had to be like over 5 times opening the case. It's trivial, and easy. But yeah, go with your own level of comfort. It probably not worth it.
I use my phone hard! And it's true, on average a new battery every 9'ish months. At one point i had the issue reported here and it got progressively worse, to the point the phone would not charge anymore. So be careful.
That's how I got started, at Microsoft of all places, supporting Windows NT (at the time). We had beige box PC's to "Crash" and reproduce customer's issues, so I just installed FreeBSD on that, and learned Unix between calls. Bought myself a cheap used DEC Alpha online, and taught myself on real Unix (tru64) at home after hours. When I started to apply, turns out I ranked higher than university graduates simply because I had the gear at home, and "knew the quirks and gotchas" nobody else was taught in class or experienced in production. Still I was turned away many times due to lack of experience, but one place took a chance and gave me the job. They were paying me low salary, but in fact they tripled ~ quadrupled my previous pay, and lifted me out of living paycheck-to-paycheck in the most dramatic way. The moral of the story is to KNOW the material, and today that actually a very achievable goal. With cheap home lab setup, and virtualization, it's pretty doable to self-pace learn the topics. When it was my turn to be the person conducting interviews, I would ask people what Linux distro they run on their home PC. I heavily biased people who actually ran Linux on their main PC rig, and people who ran Windows or Mac were less likely to score the job. Why? Because I recognized that people doing Linux 24/7 at home are the ideal people to run my production servers. That is not always the case, but actually correlates to the best candidates according to me at the time. I'm sure I discarded some great candidates the same way I was discarded back in my day, but it's nothing personal, or intentional... it was just my preferences. For what it's worth I'm a terrible hiring manager, I tended to hired people with the technical skills, but not the soft-skills.... so It goes. Anyways, another yellow flag, for me at least... were candidates with too many certifications. Be careful with the A+ stuff, those can be more harmful than good. The RHCE is pretty good, but I'm highly biased on that one. Having passed the RHCE myself I recognize how difficult that one was for even myself, and so I trusted that one. I did not trust the A+ or any '+' certification really. Just my two cents, thanks for reading this far.
I'm pretty sure I owned this box set back in the 90's.
Well if I've ever seen a greek cut beard, there it is ya'll. This looks statuesque of ancient greek gods of water.
It was 20'ish years ago, yeah. Time flies. Thanks for the correction.
Looks like some fine MS paint touch-ups in that photo there.
AI can do IF/ELSE really well, that's all it is really. /s
Her own private internet. Just maintain your own good internet.
OP, please do what you can to get your money back right now. I'd hate to see you get scammed.
&gt; i would get the offer in writing so they cant backpedal and say they didnt offer you that And record all audio conversations. There are apps on your mobile app store that automaticly record all phone conversations, save them to wav files or to the cloud. There is no way to tell lies anymore, because modern technology. Also, yes I'm aware this might be illegal in some backwards states (not mine), but I don't care and do it anyways. Also, they would still be caught, and they would have to then decide it's worth pursuing any complaint to the proper authorities. There is effectively no down side.
Karen's in school districts around the USA have fought (and sometimes won) to remove Tom Sawyer &amp; Huckleberry Finn from school libraries. Because the books were written with the N-word in some places. Despite the book 's main protagonist being good friends with the minority characters, and mainly bad antagonist characters invoking the N-word in the book. I sometimes wish there was a prologue in those Mark Twain books describing the inequality of the times, so the PC police don't get triggered.
It's at this point a scoff law, like speeding. Google Assistant can answer phone calls now, and guess what.... The computer has to record the conversation in order to analyse the speech. Recording is so pervasive now that there is no reasonable expectation of privacy in 2020 with phone conversations.
#!/usr/bin/env bash Don't do that, `bash` is located at `/bin/bash` there is no ambiguity about that. set -eo pipefail; Instead of unilaterally failing on pipes, you can catch issues in long pipelines with `${PIPESTATUS[n]}` where 'n' is the order of the cmd in the pipeline. For example: foo| bar| awk | blah echo ${PIPESTATUS[2]} To look at the hypothetical error in `awk`. echo "$PREFIX Starting interactive installation" You should consider switching to `printf` instead of echo, and perhaps consider creating routines to handle info level messages, debug messages, and error messages. NODE_IP=$(hostname -I | awk '{print $1}') This will probably break someday, the `hostname` cmd is not very standardized, but the problem is folks with more interesting network configs might return an IPv4 you don't like or want. Also, it could return an IPv6. You want the IPv4 of the interface that heads off to the default route, probably. Here you have weird indentation issues: cat &lt;&lt; EOM | docker secret create swarmlet-user-secrets - SWARMLET_USERNAME="${SWARMLET_USERNAME/ /}" SWARMLET_PASSWORD="$SWARMLET_PASSWORD" SWARMLET_REGISTRY_USERNAME="${SWARMLET_USERNAME/ /}" SWARMLET_REGISTRY_PASSWORD="$SWARMLET_PASSWORD" EOM You can fix that like this: cat &lt;&lt;-EOF Hello tab indented world. EOF (not the tab prefix, cannot be spaces) In some places you have your algol-style blocks confused for example if [[ ! "$(docker network ls | grep $SWARMLET_NETWORK)" ]]; then ... But in other parts of the code you put your `then` on the same line as the `if` statement. Pick one or the other, I would recommend you always place your `then`'s and `do`'s on the next line down, don't worry about saving lines, or being pendantic on one-liners. (got for readability) That should get you started, I got work to get done, but if I was doign code review at work that is the kind of things I'd flag.
It's a legal defense indeed, the kind that gets the law repealed when challenged. So my position is this: if I'm willing to engage in the scoff law activity, then I'm willing to defend the position before a federal judge by pleading innocent, and prepared to appeal. One had to have standing, so that is why i do it anyways. People calling me from States where they are in two party, but my state doesn't. Which state has venue, according to me it's mine not theirs.
yes
Oh my bad, care to explain then how Docker might work on FreeBSD? Quite a few Linux specific command invocations, what about `hostname -I`, how does that work in FreeBSD? /s (rhetorical question)
I run a RHEL developer subscription on my desktop, one of them anyways. With flatpak support I can install most apps needed. It cost nothing, so no support, but that's fine. Much better than running CentOS, but not better than Fedora .
I agree on the simple salt and pepper approach, but the burgers from Ramsey need to be sizzled to achieve peak malliard effect, to maximize flavor profile.
You can use shell globing, like this example: $ touch S12E98 $ touch SggEhh $ ls S[0-9]?E[0-9]? S12E98
Use a magnet
Yeah, thinking in macro economics is hard. It's all a matter of scale. The point is we all pay for the crimes of a few greedy people.
No, I think that is clear.
Yeah, i'm not sure the legality of that, with shrink wrap warranty clauses. Some would argue either way, but regardless; For Amazon it's always interesting to click the "new and used from N sellers" to get access to the Amazon sold stuff, might be slightly more expensive but you get some more assurances.
I would avoid Nvidia for this kind of setup, and stick with the RX5xx cards. AMD has their driver in mainline Linux, so absolutely top quality user experience. On the other hand Nvidia has an opensource option Nouveau, but it's a community effort mostly, and (subjectively) inferior to the Radeon. Anyways, I would suggest sticking with one product line, either way you go. Wayland stack on Fedora has been improving recently, but I'd suggest staying with x11, which does pretty good with video walls, and huge multi display setups. I've only gotten up to 5x displays at once on my rig. I'd also avoid the live USB as to not stress the memory for all software involved, or be limited by any potentially slow speed bus i/o.
I'm actuality not a big fan of the new design. I particularly do not appreciate the the protruding plastic corners.I feel that artificially enlarges the devices storage foot print. Also in all pictures it's show in the vertical orientation, but What about sideways, as in how most people will probably want to keep their device in the entertainment center config? The single most exciting part of this whole thing, in my absurd opinion, is the move to usb type-c connectors for the controllers. I mean honestly Sony, you don't need to lock in the controller to the base console in 2020. It's time you make the dual-whatever (shock, sense, axis, etc..) be it's own product line, with hardware updates separate from the base console. We could have had the type-c connector years ago. The NVMe ssd is a welcome change, i guess all the other incremental improvements are great too. Also, anybody doing the digital edition is, in my humble opinion, cheating themselves, and potentially opening themselves up to having their entire games library revoked simply by the accusation of cheating. We have see a lot of problems with PSN over zealous moderation.
condolences. That is a pretty cool thing to get an opportunity to craft.
Please don't fall into the trap of this needing to be perfect before showing. It's perfectly understandable your 0.1 release have some clean-ups, so on behalf of everyone thanks in advance.
Aka lethal weapons ironically classified as non lethal, and to which the police maintain intentionally ignorance.
Whoa! Typical Reddits, the diamonds are in the ruff aka comments section. Nice!
Yeah, I got laid off once while I was in the process of quitting. Like I was literally going to go in that day and give my notice, but along with dozens of other people I was laid-off instead, and I got a severance package! The severance package was pretty much an entire year worth of pay, on top of the higher salary at the new gig. Total blind luck! I almost quit and would not have got the severance package.
No issue what so ever on Linux.
We used to suffer the same issues you &amp; OP characterize with ARCH. Fedora was sorta the bleeding/cutting edge distro for many years, and took a few years to shed that perception. Today we still enjoy the cutting edge status, but with better quality engineering baked in that sorta prevents much of the instability that turns away many people.
This is the ultimate expression of protected free speech. This is what the armed services are fighting to protect, and it's kinda beautiful in that respect. When I see a burning American flag, I see freedom worth fighting for. EDIT, Nevermind, I think we might agree.
If you are attempting to make a backup of the 3D bluray, the data will be there, but you may have difficulty finding software that correctly plays the data, and drives the hardware. I have quite the collection of 3D movie, and my backups are fine, but so far they cannot be played back in 3D.
It's also OKay to keep the machine working. It's almost always cheaper to repair than to replace. I say almost, because it's not universally true, but in the world of old computer hardware, just run Linux. Windows will refuse to run on older hardware, and that is their planned obsolescence. So let's please not take OS level obsolescence by one vendor as justification to say "it's okay to upgrade".
Being an active member of the open source community might help. Just anecdotally that's how I ended up working there. Working at RH was always a kind of abstract idea, like a dream job. But I had zero ambition to apply there, mostly due to impostor syndrome stuff I never thought I would qualify. Apparently being super passionate about the Fedora community, combined with technical ability, resulted in an invitation to apply. Good luck OP.
Works just fine here. I'm using a flatpak container, and of course this is in a real Linux container env. I believe (but could be wrong) Docker on Windows needs to virtualize Linux, so possibly not the most optimal solution.
Yeah I just got the boot loop of death last week, and opted for the 3a xl. It's as close as one can get to the 6p, but sadly it's not quite 1:1 feature parity. The 6p had real front facing stereo, not the perpendicular stereo with one speaker point down.
I don't have the desk extension, just a really long desk. like 7 foot wide, but it's pretty much this same configuration, and likely much heavier because the table top is solid walnut wood. The leg to the left side is positioned inside enough to spare room for the CPU holder. Again, I've got three desks in my home like this, one for each family member. But the purchase was completed 4 years ago, so perhaps a generation behind your setup. I've had this happen , but as mentioned before it was my own fault. I'm trying to consider what the failure is here, and I suppose maybe the DC motor in the leg has to be the problem. I'd say have them send out a new set of legs.
The synology does not mess with any of your files. That is like rule #0 in the nas world. One of your client systems potentially destructed that file.
We all start somewhere.
&gt; DALLAS—Saying the city remained on track for progressing into the final stage, Mayor Eric Johnson told Dallas residents Friday that they would soon officially be entering Phase 4 of pretending the coronavirus was over. “Thanks to the efforts of municipal employees, I’m happy to say we’ve reached the final phases of completely deluding ourselves into thinking that this pandemic has somehow stopped spreading and that we’re safe,” said Johnson
As somebody who just trimmed about two years off a three yeard, please do trim. Wish I had done it sooner.
The famous anti-contradiction
In the first example I was horrified to see a sub-shell used to list a directory-listing, instead of using built-in shell file globbing. Like this: for i * do echo $i done in the second example you used a sub-shell to sequencing, but look at this: for i in {1 .. 5) do echo $i done You do not want to call a sub-shell when enumerating, bas has that built-in. You did not demonstrate the other form of a for loop: for ((i=0 ; i &lt; 25 ; i++)) do echo $i done
Yeah it's the brushes. Maybe someday they will go brushless with mitre saws, have the computer do the chooching instead of the brushes.
Seems evident pam is broken. You can see what files might have changed using `rpm`, something like this: $ sudo rpm -Vvc -f /etc/pam.d/* ... The above example is not perfect, but it would show you modified config files.
You can run MakeMKV in a containerized jail under Linux, say for example via flatpak. So even if the software contained malicious code, it's in the sandbox, no worries.
Yeah, those companies are nice ideas, but they are pretty much eating the margins of profit from these small companies. At the same time the small companies (restaurants) need the business, so they are catch 22.
Please remove the post flair requirement, that is taking it too far.
&gt; I've taken a few RH exams so far and only a few questions were not clear. To add to the anecdote, I've noticed this phenomena is mostly experienced by people who **know** the material very well, and so the potential ambiguities are understood. It's like some kind of plain language paradox for subject matter experts, or something like that.
Both great chairs. I use the Embody in my primary home office/study space where long 8~10 hour coding sessions happen. I have the Aeron in my secondary office, and that is where I have most my short term things like email, conference calls, and generally situated where I'm going from sit to stand; the Aeron is actually a counter height stool, but I digress. That said, I could certainly sit in the Aeron for long duration, but I choose to use the embody for that. In my subjective opinion I think the Aeron is probably more comfortable for me, like being in a hammock. But I force myself to sit in the embody due to lower back pain issues I used to experience, and want to avoid. The embody chair forces me to sit a way that promotes good posture, and the Aeron does too, but the Embody is better in that department; not as comfortable, but lacking the back pain associated from sitting long duration is it's own sort of comfort.
Fedora Linux just works. That is because Fedora usually contains a more recent Linux kernel. That said, I've heard other people have managed to Ubuntu installed on the 10th gen nuc.
Credit card fraud is not normally a scoff law, like speeding, or over staying the parking meter. The credit card industry has also conceived other non-criminal consequences, to help motivate people to obey the laws, or just be ethical. I'm referring to the credit score, similar to how insurance premiums might increase for bad driving noted on the public records. That said, I'm not victim blaming here, but I'd like to point out that one additional level of security people have with Fed EX is to specify the driver instructions, e.g. one can imperatively &amp; explicitly demand the package be dropped in a drop-box, such as the kind mentioned by the OP's apartment complex. I know it might seem ridiculous to some of you reading, but it adds another layer of requirements on top of the signature, a second factor to contend with. One factor can usually be compromised, but two factors not as much. Again, I'm not victim blaming, just saying it's a good practice for high value deliveries, or depending on YOU (the reader) maybe every delivery is worth the 30 seconds to login and post instructions.
This is probably a Windows support issue more than a Hades Canyon issue. I'd suggest starting windows in safe-mode, or whatever they have these days for system recovery. Even booting off a USB thumb drive to run system repairs. The most probable reason this happened is the SSL had DMA access to you computer, and did something it should not have done. That is the potential risks when using thunderbolt devices. For context, In Linux we have been very paranoid about this issue, trying to firewall TB3 peripherals, even virtualizing them where possible. Good luck friend.
Yo dawg, I heard you like batteries on your batteries!
64 GiB seems to prolong the issues, a nice way to delay the restart.
I can relate, back when I was a sysadmin I could work from home, but it was encouraged to come into the office for team building or what ever. My next gig was 100% work from home, and it's awful. I have no idea about my coworkers personal lives or personalities beyond what can be known from video conferencing on team meetings. So there is an opposite problem to this guilt. Just saying.
How about we just demand users enable automatic rebooting too? /s
When IBM bought Red Hat, my first reaction was no... not Lotus Notes, but then I discovered they sold that junk to some 3rd party. Or at least that is what I was told.
Those are two places with abusive or oppressive legal system, no offense intended. Accused criminals in Japan are almost always convicted, regardless of truth, as if the police would be dishonored or disgraced otherwise. In Australia they believe the law can defeat the mathematics of cryptography, and would like to coerce backdoors into chat software, etc... So I'm not at all surprised, but disappointed. I'm glad you found a work around. For what it's worth, the software is available at flathub.org if you are using Linux.
That chair on the left, that is the chair that messed up my back. I owned that chair ~10 years, and it actually replaced my original Aeron chair I got back in the 1990's. I see those all the time in office stores, promoted as an executive leather chair, or whatever. Sold as an upgrade to even worse chair. The seat cushion would quickly crush, flatten, and be useless working a 18 months, and it would make creeling sounds when reclining. Just seeing this picture make my lower back tingle in some kind of pavlovian response, as if anticipating pain. So I'm glad you have upgraded Op, you made a fine choice. Welcome to the community!
There is a brigade of bots that down vote everything in this subreddit. The reddit algorithm balances things out, sometimes at the beginning of a post it fuzzes the numbers to confuse the bots. It usually smooths out after the first hour.
Oh shit, my fancy network setup cannot really work without bridging. Like, I don't even have any physical addresses, just a single bridge over a bonded pair of Ethernet ports.. (sad face)
Kickbacks are highly unethical. Immediately inform your companies legal council, and potentially quit. It's what you know when you know it. Now that you know, you simply cannot do nothing.
Make sure to use a light weight display system, such as fluxbox, openbox, maybe even xfce. OR even just go raw terminal without graphics.
Yeah suffrage for boobies! Viva la mammie's!
Yeah, these famous last words. 🤣 Hilarious, thanks for the laugh.
👍
Those are going to rattle. May I suggest adding a small layer of foam lining, right below the Wera mounts.
The "s" is plural.
I would settle for that, but in addition to that any person society grants elevated privilege should receive proportionally elevated punishment. That makes perfect sense to me.
Negatives managers are sometime callable of having this discussion, but more often are not, or it's too risky to find out. So my general advice is to search for a new job, and pickup a new hobby. Bad jobs can be balances with a correct work life balance, so going the hobby route might work. Another tact it's too give feed back on the manager, offer them opportunities to compliment you, and when they criticized you call it out politely.
Yes, but.... Japan is a special snow flake on this topic. The situation is rather unique in the most extreme way imaginable. By comparison to the USA or Europe, corporate culture in Japan is dystopian, but they don't know it because they are inside the dystopia. I won't go into specifics, anybody can research the topic online, but it's pretty much true. I know my employer, a very progressive software company (who shall go unnamed, and these remarks are my own opinions), but it's almost as if we have a special Japan only company policy that does as much as possible to create consistency in terms of corporate culture, and making sure our .jp associates are not accidentally burned by their own cultural self definitions. Pretty much we try to politely not allow them to setup the oppressive expectations in the office, or at least that is my sense &amp; perspective of things. Not all companies are like that, so I can easily understand how the Japanese would like to prolong the covid-19 lock down.
It's something like ~15 full novels: robots, empire, foundation. I read them all about 10 years ago, and it was pretty epic. There is a reason these books earned Asimov the title of sci-fi Grand Master.
&gt; Seems you're out of luck in USA unless a protected class. Everyone is now a protected class, especially following last week's Supreme Court LGBT ruling. When everyone is a protected class, nobody is a protected class. It's just that simple, we have achieved equality, and it's a brave new world. &gt; In most other western nations you can't be dismissed unless you breach terms of employment or are subject to multiple official performance reviews. You mean Europe. And that custom is actually a major drag on their jobs market, and one of the major reasons the technology sector in the EU has declined over the past 20 years. Most of the big technology companies started in Europe have been sold to overseas companies through mergers &amp; acquisition, their parents portfolios plundered. There is no shortage of very intelligent people there, mostly working for large multinationals, and what is left of the local tech sector. But I digress... Citing regressive nationalist labor laws elsewhere not helpful to the op in the USA. It will spur the op to move forward in life, finding better work elsewhere instead of becoming comfortable and/or potentially mediocre where op is currently. Op is clearly on the move upward, having applied to a better role internally, so had ambition.
The mule could be a munchkin for all we care, so long as the story arc stays the same. I think the only memorable characters are Sheldon, and the robot.... Which is an asexual being anyways. I'm fine with this story going woke with character development.
I like the Aeron counter height stool chair for sit-stand. That way the desk is situated slightly higher up, and when transitioning to standing the desk is already almost there.
Asimov addressed this common question himself, and the reading order he suggests is easily findable with you favorite search engine. I believe it goes something like this, read the foundation books, except the last book, then go back to robots, and then empire, then read the last book of foundation. It ties together that way, something like that. Please find Asimov'a instructions, I'm just paraphrasing a fuzzy memory.
Boiling water. Not everything actually needs to be "boiling" to achieve the desired end-result. Also boiling point is kinda subjective, at least in terms of how many people perceive "Boiling water". In reality the boiling point of water varies slightly according to atmospheric pressure, say for example higher/lower elevations, barometric pressure, etc.. Besides the physics of making liquids boil, bubbles in water is hardly a practical cooking strategy. Say for example, brewing tea doesn't actually need boiling hot water, just hot water. I've had people argue that sometimes the bubbles provide a natural form of agitation in the liquid, which is a fair point. But to counter that point, just still the water with a ladle or spoon.
format the Seagate with GFI partition scheme. But make sure the firmware understands you want to still stay with the existing storage for the system EFI partition used for booting. Make sure to use operating systems that support Secure Boot, or disable secure boot in firmware.
I had one just die suddenly, last week; Same exact pattern, purchased November 2018, the machine was manufactures in October 2018. Intel support was excellent about handling the warranty RMA. In my case the system would power-up, but no display was delivered to the screen with multiple permutations of screens and cables of hdmi or display port. Keyboards or mice would not indicate number-lock, or caps-lock, suggesting the bios was not accepting or driving the input devices. Strangely usb flash drives would power-up, but attempting to remove the security jumper to flash a bios failed. So pretty much a catastrophic failure, but Intel was excellent about the issue. Not sure how that would be outside North America.
And giver her herpes .
I'll be watching from the side lines, sorta recusing myself from passing judgement, but if the other mods want to get oppressive on those kind of comments.... I'm cool with that. To be clear, normally I'm not comfortable with heavy moderation. The irony run deep, and I'll be honest... I have a hard time reconciling the hypocrasy. Echo chambers are bad, circle jerking is bad, let the sparks fly.
I'm thinking the warranty will not be 12 years.
That situation was exceptional. What if the police entered without a warrant wearing uniforms? If they are entering and kidnapping unjustly, I honestly feel violence is still justified under the castle doctrine. FYI I'm not advocating violence towards police, just home intruders... Which is effectively what police are without warrant (IMHO), even with a uniform. We should protect our police by holding them to just, and justified actions under the color of law. That includes wearing uniforms and obtaining home invasion warrants.
It's exponential, meaning we use exponents in the form `n^e` where `e` is the variable. Scientist and doctors originally modelled covid-19 as `e == 3`. Clearly the model was using optimistic bias, and were probably based on how things look in the PRC at the time, a very suppressive totalitarian government fully capable of forcing a lock down of it's citizens. That's pretty scary, because in the free world we do not have the same conditions. So the exponent portion of the equation is potentially much higher. ☹️
The Motu m2 or m4 is better than the Scarlett, for the price.
These tools are pretty much the same tool, made in the same factories, sold by the same parent company, who markets both brands.
Yeah, given him a break. Not every one is Ave. He like DeWalt, so that's cool, and now he gets to find out Porter Cable is DeWalt. 😁
&gt; ffmpeg $(printf -- "-map a:%s\\n" "${!AR\[@\]}") That looks much clearer. You can also assign the output to a variable then pass that to the program printf -v 'args' -- "-map a:%s\\n" "${!AR\[@\]}" ffmpeg $args otherargs That way you about the sub-shell
&gt;and not believing in science They are not alone. Anti-big-pharma liberal activists are well known for their anti-vaxxer rhetoric, and rejection of other sciences that don't reason with their whatever (e.g. vegan) life styles. It's not a purely conservative phenomena, not even close.
Shake and fry, but yeah... It's an old trick my grandmother's would use to fry chicken or pork chops. They didn't have ziplock plastic bags, so they were all about using brown paper bag, kinda like what kids used for lunch sack's. These days I just use Tupperware with the breading flour, simply close the lid and shake it like a 2live-crew booty dancer. Anyways, it's pretty traditional technique, probably going back for ages.
Fair enough. But the counter point is cleaning Tupperware by discarding unspent flour is super trivial. And, helps conserve the environment by reuse. Also probably more cost effective in the long run. Seems like a fair trade.
Right, that is true. Pro tip, when using a plastic bag, try to make the bag full of air, like an inflated pillow. The air buffer optimizes the shake as you describe.
DISABLE SECURE BOOT or, figure out how to non-trivially install your own keys into the keystore of the firmware, as to self-sign your own kernel, modules, and firmware's they might inject, and the chainloaders like grub, etc.. Good luck.
Fedora Linux, the upstream distro. Mostly started as a project ambassador, then got into some technical projects within the distro, and the rest is history. There is no shortage of open source projects that needs sysadmin type people to throw cycles.
Please don't despair, or shoot down helpful suggestions. We realize you're in deep. I would suggest you drafts a canned response to all password reset request politely yet firmly dispatching them to the automated process. You have to understand that when everything is an emergency, nothing is an emergency. This is going to be fine. Just stop giving so make fuck, you only have a limited number of folks to give, so spend them wisely.
Tinker with subscription manager to enable your entitlement, which makes the repos work.
Well, it's running our arm kennel, and the same kennel boots on my desktop development system (aarch64), so there is that. You can call that theoretical, if that's your perspective, I guess that's cool. It certainly not common, but also well past the drawing board stage. 😉 Yeah the memory setup for this computer was interesting, and I'm pretty sure other folks are working on similar big designs. Very high throughout on matrices calculations is probably going to be more common, especially as the tech enters the main stream consumer market. Intel's generic avx-512 IP is starting to trickle down to market, but just a few short years ago was tech preview on a smaller supercomputer type setup. Now it seems everyone is implementing that kind of kit, Arm has ISA extensions, and the risc-v folks are probably going to finish their kit soon if they haven't already. We probably won't see vector units on mobile phones just yet, nor embedded controllers, so yeah... So you could characterized that as theoretical. Still, I suspect we will see fabric based computers enter mainstream sooner than you might realize, but don't quote me on that...I'm just a little birdy twittering about. 🐧
Sounds like the controller is confused. 😉 Almost sounds like a mosfet prior to the controller is shorted out, this should be near the trigger assembly. For sure something is taking load potential. Do you have a multi-meter? I guess you can trace the load down with a little probing action. There are some teardown videos online your can look for reference, and I'm pretty sure Ave tore down that still and went over the electronics. Otherwise you can take it to the DeWalt service center, they are usually cool about fixing this kind of thing. Probably trigger assembly swap.
I had a similar issue to you. I would suggest you stick with an inflatable exercise ball for the short term, work on lowering the inflammation, and baby that back. I would suggest you return the Aeron, and keep the Embody. The whole thing about sitting causing pain makes me cringe just thinking about my own back pain. The Embody promoted health posture, but it took months for my back issues to diminish. One thing to keep in mind is the Embody seat pan is not as comfortable as Aeron, but for you it's more about the back rest. But I get what you mean about forward tilt, so if that is your preference, go for it. I would however suggest an Aeron stool chair instead, counter height... And a height adjusting desk. That way there is less travel from your sit to stand.
I think another Karen somewhere was arrested for coughing on somebody. Like back in May or April.
Fair counterpoint, intention and situation content really do matter when a judge rules on sentencing. She wanted to murder the person in the bucket, just because she didn't succeed does not reduce her negligence.
I'm considering the Eames executive chair also. If it's anything like the lounge chair, them in sure it's comfortable. The only issue I have with the lounge chair is the cushions need to evacuate air when sitting down, but the leather is almost air tight, so it kinda makes an air flow sounds when sitting.
Pro tip, barely lean back. Set the tension on the back recline to maximum, then tone it down from there. So that when leaning back you are just barely able, the chair pushing back without needing to use lock stops. Then use the recline, just barely. Your back is the correctly contoured into the seat. This sitting position can be strange at first. Also, I believe HM had a video describing in better detail this setup, I'm just paraphrasing.
Perl had this issue something like prior to 5.6 back in the early 2000's, arguing up to that point that if/elif/else was sufficient, and the arguments didn't lack Merritt on either side. Indeed, for a language that started out it's popularity as the sort of antithesis of perl5, it sure does share many of the same so-called anti-patterns today that were criticized back then. The significant white space, and lack of sigils are still prominent issues that separate the two. But I'm glad the masters of the python language have finally seen fit to add this common design pattern.
Because the 12 year warranty represents a large (huge) portion of the chair's value when purchased new, and the warranty is not transferable. So right of the top, the chair loses more that 50% of it's value maybe more. The chair is still better than of Office Depot special, but not as high a premium than your might suspect. Without the warranty it's comical how some people try to sell these chairs as if they are still under warranty. $450 is the most anybody should pay for a used Aeron, which would be in perfect condition. $200 ~ $300 is the range for less perfect.
Facebook market place, sometimes.
It more to do with where the corporation pays taxes. In many cases the corporation pays taxes in multiple tax justifications. There is also the idea of where a corporation "incorporates" when forming the corporation.
I've stayed at this hotel resort, it is really weird to see. Great place, not too many Karen's, but not zero either.
The encryption cat is out of the bag, and is never going back in. Most encryption schemes are open public standards, with open source not commercial implementations. Also there are issues of free speech, or rather compelled speech. Source code is free speech, covered by the first amendment, the us Supreme Court had already ruled on that issue. So then the law to compel speech would have to be extra compelling to suppress the first amendment. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/04/remembering-case-established-code-speech Also, please remember that perfect end to end encryption exists, and simply won't stop existing because of laws. When outlawing encryption, then effect is then only outlaws will have encryption, and then everybody is an outlaw. The law is a perfect example of a weak excuse to criminalize pretty much everyone at the discretion of law enforcement.
Wait, so any value meal item on the list, or just only a value menu item? I'm asking, because I'm the type of person to order 10 or more value menu items at once, the kind of order to feed a pack of hungry children after sporting events, or for my stoned friends at a house party, or even for myself.
Yeah I don't think she is from around there. I could be mistaken, but did I hear Karen mention "I don't give a fuck about Dallas" or something to that effect. The implication is she is not a Dallas person, or even potentially not a DFW person. Possibly somebody from out of town?
The mind boggles this kind of trivial data slogging is even documented.
I know people who think the government should be required to teach people how to use a credit card without defaulting or efrauding the creditors, as if they were not taught basic economics in highschool. As if there should be a law preventing them from going into debts, or something like that. Now I'm all for education, but it seems to me the situation is somewhat similar. The people most likely to abuse the financial system, are the same who blame the lack of regulations that could have potentially prevented their own faults. It's always somebody else's fault.
Yeah, launch his remains into the sun.
Boot into rescue.target and then run the procedure.
It why I have to use under-arm deodorant, but not under my arms. 🍞
Well to be fair work is adult day care. We did this to ourselves, society at large. I have no answer, just saying what seems obvious. Cheers.
Weird inference, but okay, I guess that's fair. The remark was about split brain syndrome which is a risk of any two node cluster, it's basic cluster theory. It had nothing to do with storage, and I'm sorry if that was unclear. My apologies.
What legit medical reasons exist that would preclude wearing a mask? I've seen people who have to wear oxygen masks, caring a tank with them everywhere. So that is about all I can think of, but I might be lacking imagination, or simply don't know of other similar medical conditions.... So that is why I ask. This is not an issue where a "firmly held belief" is enough to score a medical exemption, like how school children get when their parents have some mental issues (supposedly religious) with vaccines.
Well he had to mask off many of the pci pins, but yeah...
I believe network manager has a setting for this feature, which is a wrapper to dhclient. More specific you probably want to achieve something like `dhclient -I`
&gt;Unless it’s something to do with typing in the kernel conf before systemd starts. Yes. Append something like `systemd.unit=rescue.target` to the boot line, then examine the logs of the previous boot. Alternative you can try something like `systemd.debug-shell=1` which should enable a root tty on one of the vtty's, like maybe tty9. You would needs to use the keyboard combo to switch to whatever tty. Mind you I'm on mobile, so there might be errors with the above psuedo code, so please research before proceeding. For what it's worth, I suspect this is an issue with launching the GDM greeter screen to login. One way forward might be too change the default systemd target to be whatever one does terminal login instead of graphical, possibly multi-user.target, but I'm not an expert on systemd, so again, do your homework.
Thank you 👍
The way I see this, is a lot of self service. Meaning a libertarian business owner can reserve the right to refuse service to anybody, for any reason, especially is the issue of wearing masks is a firmly held belief or whatever. Think gay wedding cake 🍰scotus ruling, but instead of being asshole homophobic jerks, being rational about imposing ones belief in ones own place of business. Likewise, the anti-mask crowd would be free to create islands of mask-free places they control. I guess this is the economic market perspective, let the consumer sentiment prevail. That said, I'm a libertarian who believes in some level of market regulations to a very minimal extent. So I could be persuaded that emergency social distancing measures could be enforced temporarily, including masks. But that would entail handing out citations to people who try to violate the aforementioned business that refused service to anti-maskers.
Is it subject to branching? I'm thinking no, but hoping somebody who has read the reference manual might know.
Looks like the design language of the MX mouse series, kinda.
My S.O.'s employer is pulling this stunt, and I've told her to simply disobey any requests to visit the office. Where the owner openly defies the protective orders in our area, and mocks people who disagree with their own opinion on the topic. And, that opinion is comparable the president of the USA, which is awful. So she will be staying home, and fuck them.... they did finally conceded at some point, and to save face they are saying the WFH is going to last just a few weeks, and only for my S.O., but yeah no... it's not. This pretty much works, and there is nothing they can do about it. As a sysadmin you are in a similar position, even if you don't know it.
I just looked at mine, and it's just like your picture, about a milimeter of play. I don't think it's an issue, and it could even be by design. There are several places in the chair with tolerances like that.
Why do you think that I think this would make my life harder? That is absurd. Stop projecting on me bro... not everybody is a weakling spineless jellyfish. Being strong willed comes naturally to some people, apparently not others. Why do you advocate for being so passive? Mind your own business, that's the jist of my message. You can rationalize your passivity all you want, but don't try to say other people should be a pushover like you.
1 billion in debt floating, wow! Only 3,500 employees, sheesh. Supposedly this was a profitable company, but that was risky debts management at best. But perhaps in not appreciating the capex or opex that goes into a group of acrobatics. I'm guessing they were tired up in stadium rentals they could not reneg.
They are relics from the c shell I believe, and probably from beyond. But recently I used them in scripts to avoid having to restore the CWD when the script required moving around on the system. I don't like them very much, especially the way they generate output when jumping through the stack, but that can be suppressed.
Nice tattoo. But.....Please correct me if I'm wrong, but the mouse only happens in the David Lynch's movie, it was not really a thing in the books. Right?
Some sysadmins like the color red, some like otherwise. That is the kind of question you are asking. We are telling you there is a galaxy of backup preferences, and no single preference is a universal truism in the sysadmin community.
You are correct. Page 299 ... https://www.google.com/books/edition/Dune/B1hSG45JCX4C?hl=en&amp;gbpv=1&amp;dq=dune%20mouse%20Muad&amp;pg=PA299&amp;printsec=frontcover&amp;bsq=dune%20mouse%20Muad &gt; "How do you call among you the little mouse, the mouse that jumps?" Paul asked, remembering the pop-hop of motion at Tuono Basin. He illustrated with one hand. &gt; A chuckle sounded through the troop. &gt; "We call that one muad'dib," Stilgar said. &gt; ... And I should know this, I've read the book like 3 different times in my life. I think I get hung-up on this trivia because Lynch made the mouse something about the the moon of Arrakis &gt; "I will tell you a thing about your new name," Stilgar said. "The choice pleases us. Maud'Dib hides from the sun and travels in the cool night. Maud'Dib is fruitful and multiplies over the land. Maud'Dib we call 'instructor-of-boys.' That is a powerful base on which to build your like, Paul-Muad'Dib, which is Usul among us. We welcome you."
This should be released to the person asking, it's an important open source project, or at least notable with the GNU/FSF crowd. OP, I'd be willing to sit bellow you in the mod list when you are given the claim, that way the sub is less likely to trigger the bots that restrict the sub with only one mod.
I really hope the cancel culture is stopped on this one. If anything we need more depictions of black Americans in our consumerist culture. I'd like to point out that the Quakers were some of the first to call for the abolition of slavery. I have no idea if the Quaker Oats company itself is an actual Quaker company, or just another corporation riding on the wholesome stereo-type imagery of the Quaker communities?
&gt; I formatted 50 GB drive using nfs file system. Oh really?
Looks good!
It depends. The food itself will slowly denature, or succumb to microbial infection. Freezing or refrigerating the food only slows/retards the process.
The star could have gone behind a dust cloud. How would we lens that?
Ok, ntfs then. 🤔 My suggestion is to avoid formatting the partition. At this stage I would suggest you delete the 50 GiB partition, and re recreate without formatting. This way you might avoid formatting.
Did anybody see the rumors of the nuclear cruise middle test failures? Apparently the things fail spectacular, be and a few VIP scientists had their lives cut short. What are the chances the testing had resumed?
We should rightly not be the source of, or destination of, any international traveler.
Wikibot, Who was Friedrich Hayek?
biscuit shakers... err.. I'm not sure the label given to the gadget, but it's a kind of mixer/shaker thing made of aluminum, and the two halves come together to enclose a flour slurry for making gravies and what not, but the two halves can also punch out biscuits... so in combination they made biscuits and gravy.
A lot of so called libertarians are not libertarian.
