Hyberbolate much?
Remember who that guy in that movie was.
You can also time your button presses with the gallop and not lose stamina . It’s pretty hard to time but it def saves stamina even if you don’t get it right constantly. This is actually a tip that pops up in game.
What the actual fuck are you talking about? 5 years ago was the start of Palmer’s renaissance and marked the start of a decent run for them that ended with them making the NFC Championship 2015.
A shoving match? Dude pushes someone into her so hard she smashed her head on the wall and then kicked her when she was down. How is that a shoving match? From why I saw on the video she never actually even pushes him, he initiates and escalates all the physicality.
I said she smashed her head when she fell, not that he smashed her head dummy. She initiated the confrontation, the first push was by Hunt. Take your own advice. Guess Reddit’s shown itself here. No kids, but women are acceptable targets.
Dude what the fuck are you watching? The start of the TMZ video you see Hunt coming around the corner talking, then the guy in gray hoodie jumps between right as Hunt pushes her. Then after another push where Hunt pushes the guy into her head goes straight into the wall when he pushes that guy into her! You really need to take your own advice and get your own narrative out of your head and watch it again.
Proc should be on 4 while the attacks from 5 are still going so you double dip. Just FYI with skills we usually go from 1-5 if that makes sense just counting active skills. Don’t count the passive as 4 when talking about rotations.
Neither deals the damage Sharon does, plus hex def has survivability issues in high levels of wbu.
I looked him dead in his optic stems and I said...”Jjjjjjjjiiiiiiiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz”
Hyperion and thor have a team up with all attack
So basically what the agent said was going to happen happened?
Fultz forgot how to shoot a basketball bruh. That’s def more interesting than a shitty contract which the NBA has been handing out like candy for years.
No it’s not lol
Don’t listen to him. He’s gonna be suspended 6 games no matter what and he’s on the exempt list. A team could pick him up but he still can’t play while they are investigating.
He’s on the exempt list. He can’t play even if a team picks him up.
Yes, to serve his 6 game suspension.
Lol them being hyperbolic doesn’t make the video not real.
Lmao, tmz doesn’t need money from Kareem hunt. They make more from clicks than they ever would from extortion.
The irony of “the Tariff Man” truly not understanding how tariffs work is hilarious.
How can you figure something out when someone keeps telling you they are fine and when multiple non team associated doctors have cleared him? You really think he would have been playing much less starting if he actually was up front about the pain he was apparently in? This is literally the same situation as last year. He kept insisting he was fine until he finally admitted he wasn’t.
So basically we are going through the exact same thing as last year. He kept insisting he was fine even though he wasn’t and then when the shit slinging started ratcheting up he finally decided to tell people he wasn’t fine.
He’s gotten reddit attention after a high profile trade. That’s not media attention.
Sorry for being testy lol. He’s good but he’s not good enough to get national media attention for a 28 win team. That’s not really surprising. There are players better than him that have languished on shitty teams not getting recognized for their talents.
Then you’ll prob not want to see this. There’s zero chance it’s quality.
Last year the mysterious injury that was only diagnosed once meme status hit maximum was a scapular imbalance. Keep up.
Ask rick ankiel.
Jared Goff was shit his first year too. Our whole team is fucking garbage. Darnold hasnt even barely has anyone to throw the ball to lol. The front office has been so bad the past few years.
Because it’s not even on the same part of the body?
Gambit is S tier.
Am I missing something here or didn’t you say Rivers was “easily” third? No one else said he was clearly anything.
IH is overrated in general on here IMO. I think new Hyperion is easily better than him.
I’ve been doing the floor 10 rumble with him at 2 stars lvl 40. Can’t wait til I get him beefed up.
Everyone again lol
Angel with uni is 100% top tier timeline meta. I drop thanos, QS, cap, jeans on the regular with him.
I don’t get this. Whenever I try to use someone that is not the right type for a WBU I never do good damage. Like I see people saying Wanda is a great clearer for Proxima and Corvus but I just flat out don’t do enough damage.
Well she’s basically admitting to a crime by saying this, so yea I’d say it carries some weight.
Devontae graham heat check....yay....
What an absolutely pointless “stat”.
The pause I guess is cause you are supposed to charge the skill now.
I mean it is definitely the last Avengers movie with this lineup of characters.
Had 17 carries and still scored almost 25% of the time. Pretty crazy.
I mean look at the competition.
Rutger hauer
LooKs like Rutger Hauer to me.
Hyperion is actually a beast now.
Seems odd such an established developer is doing early access like this. Isn’t EA typically a way to raise money while still developing?
Jesus Christ this trailer does everything possible to try and make you think James Gunn directed this lol.
Lol
Surely he was 100% serious...
Jeepers, it’s called an opinion Batman!
I thought that movie was crazy overrated.
So TYL that Charles Darwin had a bad day?
He was MVP like a week ago lmao
I played Gurley owner this week and next week first week of playoffs...why couldn’t they play da bears next week?! I feel like he’s gonna make up for his lost TDS next week lol.
The way that headline is worded is weird as hell to me...would it have been ok if she was clothed and he was still naked?
Could you at least contribute something like why I’m wrong? I consistently did maximum damage every time I used my accumulation attacks after removing her as a striker which simply was not possible with her in the lineup. If you use an accumulation skill on an enemy that’s just standing there you aren’t going to accumulate that extra damage for the next attack(s). If I’m wrong I would love to know, that’s kind of the point of discussion. It’s just hard for me to reconcile being stuck on these stages so long and taking her out and finally beating them without much trouble while doing noticeably more (and more consistent) damage not being connected.
Alvin Kamara better watch out, TMZ coming for him next.
It’s a prong collar not a choke collar.
Shocking
Cool story.
Well Emma and Psylocke aren’t damage accumulators. I def use SW 100% of the time with them. I dunno, I guess I could have been a little more specific with the title as not all damage accumulators benefit greatly from her absence (like cable and QS), but it’s whatever at this point. I’m totally with you on the mind control thing tho. It feels like Psylocke’s especially last barely 2 secs. I can never even get thru the slashed on her 1 skill before the enemy is “awake” again.
It is 100% true. https://www.avert.org/professionals/history-hiv-aids/origin “The most commonly accepted theory is that of the 'hunter'. In this scenario, SIVcpz was transferred to humans as a result of chimps being killed and eaten, or their blood getting into cuts or wounds on people in the course of hunting.5 Normally, the hunter's body would have fought off SIV, but on a few occasions the virus adapted itself within its new human host and became HIV-1.”
Well obviously there wasn’t a scientist hiding in the bushes to record exactly what happened, so yea sticking with the scientific method it has to be a theory. If you wanna be willfully ignorant and perpetuate the monkey fucking scenario that’s cool tho I guess...
Damn, you just did this a week ago. He fell for it again?!
Why wouldn’t you put the run you mention in the lower box rather than a random TD run from him at PSU?
This feels defensive and doesn’t really explain bringing them up in relation to SW as a striker affecting damage accumulation, but ok. Regarding the last part of though; it also doesn’t matter if the enemy is standing still letting you pound on them if you can’t do enough damage without the accumulation to complete the WBU challenges (namely the time limit ones).
Are you saying that accumulation works like a damage proc on obelisk or talking about timing the accumulation with a damage proc? Attack increase from accumulation last for 10 seconds, it doesn’t just work for one attack.
We just ignoring that the person writing the article clearly thinks it was staged?
This one def drags, the original is king.
I really dislike how Marvel has handled the PR around their future movies post Infinity War. Its taken all the gravity off the stuff that happened away. We already know Endgame will basically set things back to where they were.
Could Wilson shut up for one fucking second and let Kornheiser speak?
Touché
I said logo dude, I didn’t say every single piece of apparel they make is a rip off of her art. their logo is very clearly based off a piece of her art though. Most of your post is railing against something I didn’t say and then you say the thing I actually said is ok to say? did you even bother reading your shit before posting it?
Being willfully ignorant is not a good look.
Maybe 15-20 years ago it was.
He averaged almost 2 BPG at Arizona...
Chandler just had no motivation in Phoenix. He was in gettin dem checks mode. I don’t think it should surprise anyone that he’s become a solid contributor in LA.
Mid to high 6s for a TV show is pretty damn bad on IMDB.
Dudes gonna instantly regret going to LA and having to deal with that media.
What a slimey fucking goon.
What is this coordination defense bullshit that’s popping up? You don’t stay in the NBA as long as he has without being coordinated. The days of big men being big oafs who can’t move is pretty much over.
This is still the name that pops into my head first whenever the event comes up, even though I know he didn’t do it.
Martins been below 9 points just once in the past 5 games. His floor is way more solid than you seem to be giving him credit for.
Is this something that needed to be said? Lol
Not buying beer?
I bet this is some frat nonsense. They always love doing suspect shit.
For real, he was shitty right off the bat in addition to wanting to stream the fucking thing.
This shit got old 3 days ago. This sub doesn’t need every single little comment on the situation posted.
Well that was....useful...🤤
I dunno why, but I was hoping for some plastic surgery disaster from your last comment lol.
And people still try to act like it all filters through here first.
I mean a hefty middle aged woman getting on a motor scooter for the first time is more like to end up this way than not under any circumstances.
Ouch
When did 6’9 245 become undersized for a PF?
And they couldn’t care less lol.
Whether intentional or not. You were 100% trying to normalize it man
When your defense tactics are down to “I didn’t say break the law”, you’re fucked.
Looks like he ran almost the same route as the TD lol
If this news affects you, you were already fucked.
Ahhh gotcha. Thanks.
I’m sorry but those sunglasses are boss af.
Markell better be careful. Gonna end up that hockey player who had played in the NHL for like 8 years and then turned around and realized he was dead broke (actually worse, he had a mountain of debt cause his parents kept taking out loans using his name) because his parents spent every dime of his money cause he believed they had his best interest and never bother checking.
I wonder if Jerry in cell block C has the same deal
Well that’s certainly smaller price that what I gave for it🤤
Kinda up to wether you want survivability or damage.
It also didn’t have an online component.
Holy narcissism batman
Great logic Kanye. “I tweeted a lot when MBDTF came out so if I tweet a lot now Yandhi will be magical too!” Take your medicine bruh
I really don’t understand this POV. You can’t attend school for 15 years without having an educated conversation about the moon landing.
I think is is a holdover phrase from when the console wars was like an actual thing people cared about. It usually referred to a game coming out for PlayStation that was supposed to be way better than an Xbox exclusive counterpart, or vice versa.
To are I talking about, war machine got a great uni for iw
Kai fairbairn is my new lord. He has me up 19 with Kamara vs gurley and DJ Moore.
I need Kamara to outscore Dj Moore by 5 points. Id feel much more comfortable if stupid Gurley hadn’t gotten that last TD after dude got tackled at the one. I was soooo pissed.
Saints are really doing a terrible job getting Kamara out into space. They keep running him up the tackles.
Lol, Westbrook is averaging a triple double for the 3rd seed.
The play calling as a whole was fucking atrocious last night. Now I see why Kamara hasn’t been playing all that great. They did a terrible job of consistently getting him out into space. Just kept running him between the tackles most of the game.
Lol it added 250-300k to my abx score with no upgrades. The entice is a little wonky but once you learn how to string it into other moves consistently(the entice will still work even if you cancel after the circle on 4 as long as you don’t move first the v pad) it’s actually very nice.
Needed Kamara to outscore DJ Moore by 5 last night. When Moore broke that run up the middle my heart sank cause I was sure he was gonna score. When that ball popped out it was so magical. Then Kamara closed it out, and onto the finals I go.
This dude just used a whole fucking paragraph to say absolutely nothing.
Yea it’s always great to carry your kid by it’s head.
This is basically saying we should be tolerant to racism because it’s an “opposing viewpoint”.
Connor and Gordon were hurt for 2 games. You say it like they missed half the year.
Lets you assume a persons experiences.
Fuck CNN in the asshole. Edit: Yea it’s just awesome for to accept money to run shit like this.
He was slowing to a stop when dude crashed into the window.
Nostalgia is a hell of a drug.
Do you watch NBA basketball? Luka’s a year younger and has been better than Tatum in almost every facet of the game this year.
Yea, exposing the fact that the NSA is spying on its own citizens (at a rate waaay higher than our surveillance in any other country) is just nothing.
Well yea, no shit he was surprised at the psycho crashing through his window. It’s not a reasonable response.
Well thank you for allowing me to advance to my championship Keenan. You’re service will not be forgotten!
You’re really over blowing it. Only 10-20% of cases even need surgery (which Fultz doesn’t) and those surgeries have a 90-95% success rate. His nerves are compressed they aren’t like totally destroyed.
They’ve turned into how Denver was a ways back. They can basically plug and play almost any RB and get him a 1000 yard season.
Another arbitrary stat that means nothing
Maybe we should let him actually make an all star team before saying all that. It’s def not happening this year, he hasn’t taken the leap people expected out of him.
Naw man, he does that after big shots saying like he’s got ice in his veins.
Yes, I know. It was a joke regarding his difference in looks from clean cut to super shaggy.
I mean he didn’t really throw him away. He used used his momentum against him and gave him the slip.
Is this onimusha remastered or what?
There was a ton of coverage for the monetization when it first came out. What else are people supposed to cover? Every stupid little glitch that get posted on here? Or just keep railing on the same topic over and over saying the same thing like people do on here? If 2ks not going to change anything there’s nothing to “report” on. Like what kind of stuff for example do you want “reported”?
What does a movie about an American being the first man on the moon do to further the BBCs agenda? Jesus do people even think before spouting this dumb shit?
Breaking: Entire Bulls team requests trade to Bucks
Dude made a thread called “not all racists and right wingers are ignorant slobs”...kinda tells you all you need to know about him.
This isn’t really the same thing I don’t thing. I think OP is referring to like a huddle of people that won’t let someone squeeze in and join. Not sure I’d know what to say if someone just randomly offered a nonsequitur letting me know their girlfriend has 3 jobs either.
I sure hope so. Def underwhelmed by the trailers.
I was literally typing “Kamara feels like he’s been getting the short end of the play calling stick” as he trotted in lol
I don’t think I’ve ever seen a clip of this game where the enemies actually fight back
Dude, get over it. He was your coach for like 6 months.
This kind of implies you dolts don’t have a choice in buying the game if you have been having bad experiences.
This feels really gross. Parents that do this 100% have some kind of mental illness.
Shady financial advisers are one of the biggest ways these dudes get taken. Got to keep your eyes on everything when you got money like that
The one time I did Reddit secret Santa I got a cd with random Australian rap lol
I went ahead and got it. The graphics are at a level that im def glad I got it for 30, but yea everything else seems to work fine. Full featured and no slowdown in the gameplay. I’m happy with it
Police really don’t put much effort into stuff like this. Hopefully OP was able to give the cops the serial number. They’ll file the report which goes out to pawn shops and presuming he knew the serial numbe and was able to give it to the cops it will be flagged if someone tries to pawn it.
This is def a reference to KDs comments.
Copying something/reposting something you saw on reddit doesn’t make you clever.
The first year of this happening after getting years ands years of gifts really kinda sucks. (a first world problem kinda suck, obviously it’s not really a big deal)
I don’t know tho man. That card was up for like 12 hours at least. If it was a mistake for it to have been up in the first place certainly it would have been taken down quicker? I feel like there’s still a good chance the cars missing is the actual mistake.
I still feel there’s a decent chance that the card going missing is the mistake rather than the code being given out in the first place. I mean the code was out for at least 12 hours from the times Ive seen people say they redeemed it. If it was a mistake surely they would have realized within 12 hours. They even released another code while the Lebron code was still working.
The devil got a chill on that one
Op doesn’t mention her age.
Lol, does jet fuel melt steel beams bro?
Well people did lose real money with this. People had put diamond contracts and diamond shoes ( stat boosters) on the card that they some had paid for with real money and those items were taken along with the card.
Lol, so if a code for a free item starts circulating in the social media circles for a game you play/follow you wouldn’t use it just in case it accidentally got leaked because then it means you stole the code? That’s the logic youre going with?
Not sure if you saw but they are giving people their stuff back and two new codes out for MT and PD. Servers down tho lmao.
What options are out there for them? Seems to me paying Ryan Tannehill 9.5 mill to be your starting QB isn’t really that bad of an option. He’s really not playing that bad and doesn’t really have anybody to throw the ball to either.
I get false hope every time I see that on the store.
Jesus I wonder how many people double dipped.
Man, this makes me wish mine fucked up. Def would have rather picked than get Ben Wallace (not that he’s bad, just really wanted Iverson, or at least someone offensive oriented) lol.
Y’all gotta go start goin to the live chat. It available 24/7
He gets them, it’s in the article the guy linked to.
Except it says in the article that he gets royalties. Edit: the article linked about him
I guess Ferrell has taken the Adam Sandler route. Show people you have the range to do more complex material but instead just keep doing the same slapstick shite over and over again no matter how poorly it’s received.
There are no “raunchy” shows on prime time television. Everyone in Married with Children was a total stereotype (satirically so, but not everybody has a sense of humor). Listing that stuff doesn’t really do it justice. It’s the way in which those things were done that were pretty controversial. Not every episode was over the top, but as a whole I really don’t think it would ever get on a network in today’s climate.
I think in City she’s trapped by the riddler, but you use her for side missions.
She’s featured and playable in the main game without that pass. That pass is to use her as your main character I believe.
Can we actually get a new event with different items than the same thing copy and pasted over and over and over and over and over again with a diff nam?
Why does this even matter at this point? He’s proven what he is at the NFL level. He was even outta the league for a year so we know he’s not lazy if he was able to work his ass off and get back.
Ikaruga?
I felt like the individual pieces were better than the movie as a whole if that makes sense. Something about it just didn’t come together for me. Didn’t dislike or anything, just kinda eh.
They allowed it on Wii U, what’s the difference here?
Dude, Netflix is almost a basic feature of game consoles these days. The Wii U had it, even the fucking 3ds has it. I mean, not even a web browser? Cmon.
Lol, What am I supposed to delete it cause a lot you guys are ok with not having standard features for a game console in 2018?
Amazon does do flash sales, so very likely was available for a short time.
Kinda like he did to me?
Why would you even do this? This guy is downright retarded.
You can tell he’s trying way too hard.
Where the fuck are all y’all hanging out where youre getting your dick grabbed all the time by random strangers?
I dunno why I thought this was Xbox exclusive.
This would only be the same if Bethesda included the canvas bag from the start but it was super shitty quality.
Where did she that big ass ring was gonna go? Maybe she’s fat and thought it was a special edition lap band.
Kamara is the only other guy In the league right now I can think of that could even have a chance at making that run.
Hot take
I used to do this and now all my teeth and are falling out of my head. Good luck.
That looked like a “not right now” situation rather than a “never do that again” situation lol
Kinda gave him exactly what he was fishing for.
I’m gonna pretend one of his teammates put it there and he just hasn’t noticed.
Adam Sandler was on SNL in 1993 and about to be a superstar. Not exactly “some guy”.
Never knew three paragraphs could look so elegant.
Thanks buddy.
Basic car knowledge.
Dude has 10 million subscribers...
Not op, but you use your phone out in public, and a lot of people see it as a status thing to have the fresh new device.
I dunno how he’s gotten away with not getting the diva wr label.
I mean isn’t a message board where people goto give their opinions? And It’s not even like he tried to pass it off a straight facts. Seems to me like it was a dumb throwaway joke comment more than anything.
You kinda totally skipped over the main point but that’s ok, well go over it again since it applies here as well. Isn’t a message board a place where people go give their opinions? (Notice The “seems to me”in front of my last statement?) if I’m wrong, that’s cool.
Lol, I assure you it does...have you looked around the world lately?
I can’t consistently do that spinning uppercut for the fucking life of me. Even in practice the random times I do get it to work I’m too shocked to follow up lol
So, just not read the article?
Lol did anyone actually read the article earlier? Dude specifically says anything egregious would still be called. He was literally just saying Hail Mary plays should stay the way they are.
The fact that a little shithole like Kentucky can ruin this whole fucking government is absolutely abhorrent. It’s more important to fund a useless wall than save the lives of their fellow countrymen? Drop these fuckers in these disaster zones and make them tell people to their faces what they are saying with their votes “you don’t matter to me”.
I guess if you don’t mind overpaying for not even actually remastered 7 year old games the yea, Switch is great for catch up.
Have you seen the front page here lately? It’s literally nothing but memes. Pretty damn good ones lol, but still, acting like there’s any discussion going on here right now is a quite off base.
Do people in this thread really think this is real?
Whats even the point? The game is over basically. It’s bafflingly to see the way people have been throwing so much money at these packs and the game is going to dead in the ground in like 3 months. Really can’t wrap my head around people spending so much money on something they know for a fact will be useless very soon.
Doesn’t seem like they forced anything. Toronto imposed their will and the game was played the way they wanted.
It’s also not confusing, but that’s goes for like 70% of the shit that gets posted here 🤷‍♂️
It’s also not confusing, but that’s goes for like 70% of the shit that gets posted here 🤷‍♂️
It’s a fucking movie lmao
This is just a desk
You realize changing the subject to try and shit on my wording (or whatever you wanna call an lol)makes it look like you know you can’t defend your position anymore, right?
Absorbing Man can do the first couple of relays. probably a bit higher but I haven’t tried Edit: also, ideally you shouldn’t be using any t2 characters until 25 (or 26 in some cases of very strong t1s or something like t1 Santana with uni on vs fire stage)
More effort went into this than D &amp; D put into S8.
They could at least give him the floppy rubbery one from BotB.
When flopping goes wrong
Except those 2 actually got mostly good to great reviews. Rotten tomatoes score has a huge impact on moviegoers these days, especially with these big tent pole movies. No one wants to spend what it costs nowadays to see a bad movie.
👀
Well yea obviously. When I posted like everyone in the thread was slobbing on the older guy for owning the young dude.
We really just straight up posting NBA live patchnotes here for some reason?
This is below freefolk standards
No they just get the make of the vehicle wrong. It’s a Chevy Silverado not a Nissan silverado.
If you don’t see them touching at all does that make you a genius?!?
“Also why farm karma. It doesn't do anything.” Oh sweet summer child.
I feel like that has to be perfect slapping form from big dude. Puts his whole upper body into it.
Jesus they are having conversations now....Bobby b thoughts?
Iirc Robb’s battles aren’t even written out in the books.
Guess the Demarcus Cousing Appreciation post will be on the raptors sub this time.
There’s no way they will be there.
This is lackluster
When you say understand, you don’t think it’s actually waving hello back do you? It’s just mimicking.
I think we get it guys
Hey at least now Durant will prob stay since he will get to say “look they couldn’t do it without me!”
Pretty obvious the shadow was shopped out
I can’t shake the feeling this would look so much better if they shopped the background out to just a plain white one, or some other single color that would make it pop.
To me this makes him more likely to stay. Now he gets to say hey look they couldn’t do it without me.
https://www.whsv.com/content/news/900-lb-man-pleads-guilty-in-drug-case-while-in-ambulance-510233331.html
Seems like they jacked the poise system from Sekiro. Also a side note, what’s the deal with companies always showing off games with people who suck at them?
How do you not know when your dog needs to goto the bathroom?
With or without him they aren’t beating this Raptors team 3 times in a row.
Where did I say I thought it was real?
Stealing it from who? Lol. Not to mention this will be on PS4 as well.
He was breaking the elden ring
If you get guard broken a bunch by the beast with new uni you need to adjust how you are playing.
This is what was supposed to be “mind blowing”?
“We spend so much of our live living our fandoms. We need to be rewarded.” Entitled much?
This is pretty spot on.
Because it’s certainly financially smart to spend 800 dollars on a toy.
This is easier (and cheaper) than getting a good paint job.
It’s dishonest/disingenuous because if you have access to steam you have access to EGS. A switch from PC to MAC would cut off availability to those that don’t own a mac. This isn’t cutting off availability to anyone.
Nope, still cheaper
This place desperately needs some perspective if you guys think this is “this world” being cruel.
Lol if you think SSDs aren’t a big deal. Have you never swapped a HDD for a SDD in a PC?
We don’t kneel, but damn if we don’t repost.
Honestly, I don’t think going to the crypts was as stupid of an idea as people think. The writing made it stupid just so they could have that scene (if that makes sense, couldn’t think of a better way to put it lol) Like how does the Night King just animate bones now? Surely there must be some brain or blood or something left when he changes them? I know we’d seen basically all skeleton walkers before but I always thought it was implied they still rotted after being turned. I dunno. Feel like I’m rambling, just something that popped into my head recently.
They did show them breaking through the wall at hardhome before. Obviously it was wood, but it was like tree trunk size wood.
Lol, I guess when youre starving even a few grains of rice looks amazing.
I have an idea. Stop using public servants to conduct security for private campaign rally’s.
Already been revealed he’s in your head
Ding ding ding. anytime some drama happens around the league the first post in the thread here about it will inevitably be “this is why I love the nba”.
Damn OP karma farmed the fuck outta this thread.
Who do think oversaw the Republicans descent into madness? Trump is a symptom, McConnell is the cancer.
Dude, you really have nothing better to do than be shitty over something so petty?
And now Tatum will proceed to averaging 16 pts for the next 32 years.
When you put yourself in the spotlight with something like what he did these days you better make sure you’re history is squeaky clean if you don’t want to get totally embarrassed.
Lol lakers fucking up even when they’re winning
I mean there’s been rumors Boston was gonna trade for him for months, so of course he prob has said this to people. He knows damn well AD was never gonna end up on the Nets and that interest has been all but confirmed from the horses mouth.
Hollow tip dum dums eat flesh like piranhas tho
This one feels a tad self serving, but I suppose charity is charity.
The point of the post was to point out what I thought was one of the more egregious moments of D &amp; D treating us viewers like total retards, not just in the episode itself but in their explanation of the scene afterwards, not to debate whether it mattered if there was armor or not.
It’s r/freefolk and I couldn’t help myself from rewatching the series...so yea? Lol
Lol that’s definitely not white
Alrighty
I mean you can see both of his legs...
It wasn’t on the in game ps store still as of like 10 mins ago.
I mean the in game store that links to the ps store. Not the ps store itself.
I’d imagine the primary/secondary thing is definitely youre issue.
Just started labbing with him and I gotta day I’m a bit disappointed his ninja moves are non tournament:(
Not 5 but Jacqui has 3 really easy ones
I mean if Sexton keeps playing like the last month of the season it’s an unquestionable win for the Cavs.
Paul demanding a trade and Morey taking the initiative to shop him are indeed two different things.
Well I mean this could be 100% true, but that doesn’t mean he’s not being shopped around.
He doesn’t have to ask to be traded for them to try and trade him. From what I’ve seen Morey emphatically denied Paul requesting a trade but hasn’t said anything about not trying to move him.
How is the trade going thru early a non issue? They could have had the max cap space just from making sure they nailed that date down. Now they have to scramble and hope some other team(s) is/are willing to help them out.
Obviously it’s the cars fault, but dude doesn’t brake until he gets halfway through the crosswalk when the car is clearly visible long before then.
Not happening
Iirc there’s not one single mention nor allusion to satanism in the show.
Right but considering their situation wouldn’t it be better to just draft a young guy and try to develop them? They aren’t trying to win now and by the time their window gets open would Covington still even be the same player? I guess if they like someone lower they can still get their guy and use Covington as a trade chip in the future if nothing else. They are really just in a good position either way I think.
A valid point that’s been repeated almost ad nauseam....like this same exact thread happens multiple times a week.
Did you just have to swoop in and be a cunt 6 hours layer after I replied to someone else already explaining?
I’d imagine it wasn’t even the strangest call of the day.
Iran trying to start a war with the US just makes like a negative amount of sense. There’s just absolutely nothing for them to gain out of it and they know our military will blow them to hell. It just does not add up.
How has it seriously hindered the entire franchise? I can’t remember a number 1 pick busting like this that had such a little impact on the franchise.
Press readjust and move along
Lol of you think that’s gonna fly with an insurance company. Dudes an asshole, he took it from a sideswipe to something that could have killed that person.
You’ve just described 99.7% of the games playerbase.
Where did I say that 99.7% of players got into the vault? I said 99.7 got fucked (i.e. got nothing, couldn’t get in, etc.). Is comprehension really that difficult?
You responded to this comment of mine less than 20 minutes ago you non reading desperately looking for a gotcha moment numbnut: “Where did I say that 99.7% of players got into the vault? I said 99.7 got fucked (i.e. got nothing, couldn’t get in, etc.). Is comprehension really that difficult?” Note the parentheses (that’s what these little half circles are called btw).
Oof...man your 11 year old argument tactics really got me.
I guess that’s why he chose to sign an extension with them...dumbass.
The only point you made is that you have zero reading comprehension.
Ok...
the scary thing is he’s not even really sculpted yet. Dudes gonna be looking like Karl Malone.
Why would they communicate this to the league at large? Like what does that even mean? Is it like a “keep away from my boo” type of thing?
The description of the movie actually refers to them as “ethnically mixed” lmao.
2 years playing and have never pulled a p card, but the drop rates on the CtP chest has actually been pretty reasonable for me personally.
This is def not TIL material and def feels like a fucking ad 🤔🤑
No it’s not, damage increase is better than attack increase. She hulks gives damage increase and fury gives attack increase.
Because it is? Honestly couldn’t explain why even after 2 years of playing lol, but it’s something that’s known. Just try it and see.
For a movie about such a heavy topic it really has a lot of rewatchability.
“It set a finish line that it reached” That’s like saying a 15 second 40 yd dash isn’t bad just because you made it to the finish line.
He broke a spear just by grabbing it literally 10 minutes earlier.
What’s with the girls in the promo picture? Edit: all I’m saying is that it def gives a different impression than the description in dudes post, not doubting him. just thought it gives a different impression than what the game actually is.
Holy shit are we really gonna post this same exact picture and caption every single fucking day?
If he gets reinstated for start of 2019 that would be such BS. It would equate to 5 game suspension for his what? 4th substance suspension? No chance.
After that finale this is 1000% believable. None of what they did even felt like paying homage to LOTR, it just felt like it was just straight ripping stuff off because that’s how fantasy stories end or some shit.
That’s not really the point...
This is all I was saying lol
No ones doubting either of them. You understand he’s currently suspended right? It’s not up to him or them when he gets reinstated.
Can’t even write this shit lol
It’s def the same bike and both vids were posted in the same year lol.
Leave icemans strongest skill out of his rotation?
Abortion really isn’t something you flip flop on unless you’re flipping and flopping towards money.
Sansa herself during Littlefingers execution says “I may be a slow learner, that’s true”.
You don’t need one for PS Now.
If there were going to be republican debates I’d say you’re right, but at some point during this campaign you’ve gotta try and get him in front of someone who will call him the shit from the past 3 years to his face and at least let the country watch him try to squirm. I think there’s actually a lot to be gained from that.
I think this is the case with almost every highly praised game. I could probably count on my fingers the amount of games’ stories that actually felt like they would have been called a good movie.
I can’t do anything but shake my damn head when I browse this place these days.
Would love to see Garland direct it
It’s cool they’ve seemingly taken care of this guy. Made him basically the star of the doc and gave him a job.
Francis and Brand too.
Gods we get it. I’m all about shitting on season 8 but god damn lets mix it up some. It feels like everyday there’s a checklist of posts that people are trying to check off.
Obviously trumps a dumb fuck, but come on dude. Don’t kick the damn hornets nest.
Blu rays exist...also dvds are only 480p.
So the fruit is just on one side?!
What? Dudes wearing khaki shorts and a futbol jersey...
Apparently that is what is is. An updated version, it’s called an amphicruiser apparently.
Rush down monster. Pressure,pressure, pressure. Love how he plays.
Sounds like his money wasn’t handled very well if they are doing shit like this.
This was posted on another sub days ago...
Does Red Bull build their own cars?
I bet you’re looking at the serial number. It’s the model number this applies to.
Sorry lol, but it doesn’t matter who the 3 max guys are, you’re not winning a title with that and 8 minimum contracts (+mle?).
The only reason this works is because there’s no catch at the bottom for the zipper. You’d have to do this every single time and it wouldn’t work on finished clothes that have he little metal bar to catch the zipper.
Why does it matter how Magic understands anything tho?
“If you think everyone in hip-hop glorifies gun violence” Please show me where I said this. Edit: First off glorifying and engaging (discussing/mentioning) are two very different things. Second my sentence was an either or. It didn’t say every song glorifies those things (a word I didn’t even use) it asks what hip hop he listens to that doesn’t engage in at least one of those things.
A fringe playoff team paying their 4th option 22 million dollars is not a good look, whether it’s difficult for SAC to pull FAs or not.
That’s def the priority but you also should have taken his plate down and reported him to animal control.
They can’t sign a max player and a player like Beverley can they? He should def sign for double digits right?
Fatalities online count toward the head boxes so that’s why I do them. Never on the 2nd win tho, just gives them more time to DC.
James Gunn is back on gotg3 if you didn’t hear. Not really saying that in any kind of context to the argument you’re having, just saying lol.
Yay
Reel it in or let it go jeez
804!
I mean you could always do that
He never even averaged over 22 pts which is crazy for how dominant he could have been. He was great don’t get me wrong. The whole knock on him comes down to his work ethic. It was almost like Simmons now with the jumper, Dwight just almost refused to work on his offensive skill set to become truly dominant on that end.
The nostalgia is strong with this one.
😂 this is a Dhalsim level reach...it had already been 12 years since love below when speeding bullet came out.
Soooo....a stamp?
Til 10 = 50
Dude cocked that fist back WWE style.
Don’t feed the trolls
Did everyone forget that he was already complaining about playing time while he was playing like absolute doo doo? Injury or not, that’s just silly. He was becoming a distraction who didn’t want to be in Philly anyways. Would it have been nice to get more for him? Yea, but obviously the market wasn’t very good. It’s not like we intentionally picked the worst deal. 30 other teams had a chance to get him for peanuts and didn’t want him either.
Didn’t know this. glad I saw it though,because this has been driving me crazy.
Chicks methed out, just look at her mouth near the beginning.
Wow yea 72 hours is all it takes to treat ongoing mental illness. And I bet it’s even easier when the person doesn’t want help and is dragged into a hospital. Surely that’s the best way to go about treating mental illness.
Jesus how does a county councilor is endorsing someone get almost 30K upvotes lol
I got an Ibanez Gio for 140 in the fall and that thing played well over its price point. I was super impressed.
My strat fell victim to the weather this week :( Central heat went out a few weeks ago and been relying on space heaters. Tried to be mindful of it, but got super cold a couple days this week, and with the space heaters it’s hard to keep a consistent temp. Woke up Wednesday mornin morning and the action had jumped up a decent amount. Would adjust it myself if the neck didn’t have to come off.
My problem with Ben is that it’s starting to seem like he might just be straight up soft. He has the ability to get the rim at will but he just...doesn’t. I guess it’s the FT shooting that’s maybe holding that back? He doesn’t want to get fouled I guess, I dunno. He def should not be averaging less than 20 ppg, even with his jump shot being what it is. Dude’s FG% is 58....please be more aggressive Benjamin.
He’s looks like a girl here lol
These guys REALLY wanted to hug
Laker prime time game thread and not even a 1K upvotes....stay salty lake show
That guy was not cool as shit
Why even bother with a title like that on a 6 year old video?
Yea he def gonna compete in the dunk contest coming off a knee injury that kept him out half the season
Infowars....Id bet money they paid him to stage this, especially with the way he seeks out the camera and addresses it
De Blasio is fucked. Left and Right going after him.
There’s corona virus stories on HuffPost and cnn that’s I’ve seen in just the past 10 mins. Just because you guys aren’t capable of comprehending two major events going on in your heads at the same time doesn’t mean everyone else is.
Chubby lady’s in a sundress is what you guys are scared of? 😂
Pretty nice, Owens Corning did a great job!
“President Trump is taking action by telling Governors to take action” Good ole cheerleader 45
Go look at r/Trump or r/conservative and you’ll see they will bootlick absolutely anything at this point. There’s a thread called Let’s Make Him King ffs.
Bishop of the Church isn’t happy https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/live-blog/2020-06-01-nationwide-protests-over-george-floyd-death-live-n1220761/ncrd1221766#liveBlogHeader
https://www.reddit.com/r/trump/comments/gubrzp/let_s_make_him_king/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
Trump supporters spreading fake news....shocking https://blacklivesmatter.com/our-co-founders/
Social networking sites are the cancer of society.
I’m not claiming anything. Theres obviously enough evidence linking white supremicists to that antifa account. Your question is clearly not in good faith, as you know exactly what this implies. White supremecists (which make up a sizable chunk of trump supporters) are posing as “antifa” (which is not even an actual organization) to push this agenda that the left is just out to destroy shit.
Are you really that dense? I’ll post it in capital letters just in case it’s a sight issue WHITE SUPREMECIST TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE POSING AS ANTIFA “MEMBERS” AND RIOTING
https://www.axios.com/twitter-suspends-fake-antifa-account-tied-to-white-nationalists-b387f109-2bfd-4326-a60f-a4d398a191c3.html Prob redneck racist assholes
That’s not what I said at all. I just answered you wondering why people on the right would even bother doing such a thing.
He said IS not WAS. Just because you grew up poor doesn’t mean money won’t change you.
This tweet is BS.
Yay let’s cut off half the quote therefore killing its actual intention Pure DJT Propaganda.
The fuck are you talking Bout? The independent autopsy determined he died of asphyxiation and labeled it a homicide. And it’s ok for him to be killed now because he had a criminal history?
The sad thing is you were “cut out” for the job itself. It’s the culture around policing that beats good people down has led to countless stories like your own.
You posted a screenshot of a picture and half a paragraph from an article and claim it somehow proves something?
The right is so bad at memes and comedy.... Do you guys think “Bill”is a MAGA idiot out there protesting? No, he’s left wing, trying to stop extremist violence.
Would it have been so hard to post that to begin with? He also said the investigation was not a witch-hunt or hoax, and supports Mueller’s findings but I guess telling half the story is typical DJT propaganda action.
All that spying nonsense started with Bush Jr. first off. Patriot act ring a bell? Second, stop playing what aboutism. Just cause I point out something shitty Trump has done doesn’t mean I’m endorsing something shitty Obama did. Why can’t you guys comprehend this?
He’s the Steve Jobs of the social media era.
Yes because the political parties represent the same things they did almost 100 years ago. Just stop with the bad faith arguments. You’re not convincing anyone of anything with your nonsense. You might as well be talking to a lamp.
I guess the autopsy that labeled it a homicide confirming asphyxiation as the cod just doesn’t exist eh? There’s numerous police chiefs and police unions across the country that have denounced the Floyd incident, but they have no idea what they are talking about either I guess right? The administration is missing the conversation because the only thing they care about it is using this to further their authoritarian regime. Your guys’ heads would fucking explode if Obama ever talked about using the military and tanks to police American citizens for ANY reason.
Richard rider is like a better Captain Marvel in TL. He’s crazy good.
And yet it’s in your favorites? Jesus the the right really can’t meme.
Did they release a plan for infections or are they just going on fingers crossed? The other post about players not mingling with park goers seems to imply the the campus will be open to the outside public during this time so that’s mainly why I ask.
par·a·phrase /ˈperəˌfrāz/ verb express the meaning of (the writer or speaker or something written or spoken) using different words, especially to achieve greater clarity.
There are no states still completely shutdown
I think the pierce on 3, heal, and all that damage immunity/invincibility puts him a notch above.
It was obviously a backpack he had taken from someone. I guess illegal search and seizure is just another part of the constitution you guys don’t care about.
As someone else was kind enough to post.... https://www.mtsu.edu/first-amendment/article/1131/rights-of-military-personnel tl;dr: it’s perfectly legal
“How did the Labor Department come up with such a low figure? Part of it is the Payroll Protection Program: The BLS counted anyone who employers say were still being paid as employed “even if they were not actually at their jobs.” I mean people who aren’t working, but are still getting paid by their employers as if they were should definitely not be counted as unemployed.
I actually had someone tell me about another caravan coming from Latin America about a month ago.
This is such nonsense and bullshit
You can here people yelling give it back at the end of video....
Because Stone Cold Says So
That’s not a twist at all.
The Rosa Parks Award? Lmao...yea, that’s not what it’s called, it’s not given out by the black community, and it had nothing to do with race relations. https://apnews.com/afs:Content:6348420521 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellis_Island_Honors_Society You sir, are fake news.
Isn’t already pretty public that the Bush’s can’t stand him? Hl
No wonder the city council are talking about tearing the department down to its ruts.
LMAO, He fucking doubled down on it in 2016 More like blocked because you have no real rebuttals... I guess since I’m blocked you won’t see how I dismantled your post about the Ellis island award below either.
Ahh projection, classic MAGA
Lol, my post isnt even whataboutism. Whataboutism is using someone else’s actions to justify your own (or whoever you are defending).
Huh, I had heard it was deer that developed this.
http://abcnewsradioonline.com/music-news/2018/12/20/travis-scott-weighs-in-on-kanye-wests-support-of-donald-trum.html
Your dad looks like when you create a black dude in a video game but the game doesn’t have any hair options for black people.
“Until these leftist run websites face serious repercussions for acting the way they do this will continue to happen and only get worse. Right now they believe they can act this way with impunity which has emboldened them to take more and more anti-conservative and anti-Republican stances.” The top reply to the top parent comment in the thread.
They are also shown using computers...
I saw someone who did a side by side of Laura Ingrams coverage of Drew Brees and the shut up and dribble piece she did about Lebron and it was so ridiculous how different it was. The right has become a parody of itself.
Dudes got heavy this is not really a joke energy
As many times as I’ve seen this now I still stand by my gut feeling that this is definitely staged. The way he seems to know where the camera is and then directly addresses it is a big giveaway to me. Plus it’s fucking infowars, I mean come on.
Cause they did. Senate republicans admitted as much with their investigation. Just because their wasnt any proven collusion doesn’t mean Russia didn’t meddle.
“I bought 180K followers so I could try and spread fake news”
That’s not the mueller report dumbass
Yea, senate republicans really are terrible people
Why do you guys act like you don’t understand they plan to switch to a different style of community law enforcement? They obviously are not just planning do away with law enforcement and live lawless.
Weird, I bought it last night for 15. Was there a second sale goin on maybe?
These fuckers are beyond tone deaf.
I honestly thought someone went to hard on the editing
Yes, people age.....so interesting....
“That was neither public nor a freakout” Welcome to r/PublicFreakouts
Imagine being so triggered by a teenage girl with nothing but good intentions.
This is beyond fucking dumb.
Nah, he eventually lets it go you can see it when the camera swings by him.
You look like the kid of Runaways went to college and turned into a stoner
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2020/3/20/21188585/sony-ps5-backwards-compatibility-ps4-games-support-majority-plus-titles
Kendrick looks like he just saw some gross shit.
Someone’s getting a visit from from Bron Bron
FDR had polio, that didn’t hinder him from being a strong leader. Having a bum leg/hip or dead shoulder doesn’t detract from anyone’s ability to be a leader. There’s so much other shit to dogpile this asshole on, this just seems like such a silly thing to point to as to try and show he’s a bad leader or not fit to be a leader. I mean if Obama had an accident while he was president that left him in a sling and walking with a cane would he have all of sudden been not fit to be president?
Is Judgement better than Rage for a character like Beta Ray, who has all elemental attacks?
Prob the best tone I’ve heard from these reddit bedroom shoes
The cop that actually bumps into him just keeps going so to me that just shits on that whole theory.
He was shot in the fucking back that’s why. Some running away holding a taser is in no way a threat to their lives whatsoever.
And....how is a man running with his back turned to them a threat to their lives?
So you think it’s acceptable to shoot a person in the back while they are running away?
HOW THE FUCK IS A TASER A THREAT TO THEIR LIVES?! And he clearly wasn’t turned around facing them when he was shot or else the bullets wouldn’t have gone into his fucking back.
I mean I agree wholeheartedly with that sentiment lol
If he was still actively struggling with the officers and had the taser that’s one thing. He was trying to flee though. If someone tried rob you or me, and we pulled out a gun that causes him to flee and we shoot him in the back while he’s running away, we would go to jail. Why should it be any different for police?
Like I responded to the other guy, if he was still actively in a struggle with the officers and had the taser that’s one thing. he wasn’t though, he was running away when they shot him.
Ummm, yes, you would. A man running away from a conflict, even if he started it, is not covered by stand your ground laws.
Seems to me they were referring to the ps5s new features.
Are taskmaster and phyla vell better than the 45% supports?
Thanks, and buff is the same without the uni btw Edit:nm I’m dumb
Ohhh on the uni effect itself. Lol my bad, never even noticed, only reason I really got it was to get the insight, honestly never noticed that lol.
Rip some fast stuff
Felony murder just doesn’t fit what happened. He should 1000% be charged with something, but they are setting up another Zimmerman situation here, cause there’s no way he gets convicted on first degree murder.
Better to proc on 4 or 5 with Mystique??’
What game mode?
When people say fully OBs, do you mean every Uru slot filled with OB?
My issue with what I’ve seen from Abby so far (no spoilers please, I’m not that far in) is that her face looks like less effort was put into it than other faces. Like when she’s talking to the guy with her at the beginning the difference is striking in the detail of their faces.
Apparently this wasn’t the first time and when they didn’t do it before he pissed and shit all over the bathroom.
The checkpoint system is really stupid
I really don’t get how this wasn’t abundantly obvious. Like the thought this wasn’t standalone never even crossed my mind.
Just a beautiful noose. Best noose you ever seen.
What a terrible joke
I’m not even offended it’s just an awful try hard joke
Pretty sure the enhancements aren’t coming til 2021, unless I misinterpreted that news? Edit: so it will look better at launch but the full enhancements won’t come til later with an update
I’m not arguing the finding or that it was there already or anything. I’m just saying, it’s definitely tied like a noose and with the climate I can 100% understand why the person who reported it did so. Edit: and it’s not it every garage, that was the only garage at the track that had the door pull tied like that. It was just a perfect set of circumstances for a shitstorm.
What’s the rotation for new Star Lord? And should I cancel his t3?
The best part about the few bad apple nonsense is that it conveniently ignores the whole saying. A few bad apples....can spoil the bunch.
It was never a gem to begin with
Looking at the difference the way the masks protests were handled compared to BLM makes that abundantly obvious.
Trying to figure out who the friend was and I guess confronting her (otherwise what would the point be in finding out) would absolutely ruin the relationship.
Bucky knew. Just watch his facial expressions and stuff before the jump.
Medieval*
You said there was bait that I took, what was the point of the bait? Just to say “took the bait”?
I mean there’s a reason the PS controller has been pretty much the same since ps1. People obviously like it.
Why would Facebook need to be bailed out at the height of their popularity? Is this what you’re thinking of? https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2018/11/27/18114228/facebook-russian-data-harvesting-documents-2014-uk-parliment-six4three
They are on the sidewalk. If they were actually on their property you think the police wouldn’t be there cracking heads?
This reads like a Trump tweet lol
Anyone else having huge gaps between Rage procs with new Hulk? Seems waaaaay more inconsistent than any other chracter I’ve had a Rage on.
