I was taught to never cross the street behind the bus, and the driver would wave to you when it was safe to cross. All my drivers did this and in 30+ years I have never seen an incident here. The problem can easily be mitigated with a few protocols in place. The ones that forget probably weren't going to become rocket scientists anyway.
I would have never bought our house without a full inspection first. In my opinion an inspection is mandatory, especially when you consider how much money you are investing. If you can't afford an inspection, you can't afford the house.
I’ve been working out consistently for almost 14 years now. I don’t do it because I enjoy running or lifting, I do it because I feel like a weak sack of shit if I miss a day. It’s all about that Stockholm syndrome!
Hmm, not surprising there was no new info here, the director himself said 1000 times this film is for those who don't know the story. That said, thanks for saving me some time!
I wonder if that has anything to do with my parents making a wage similar to mine in the 80's, but their house was 1/4th the price...
The guy even had a gym in his basement. How could a "professional athlete" with a gym in his house be in such terrible shape? I probably use my home gym more in a week than Roy did most months.
Oh on the contrary. It gets harder the older you get, and it takes me twice as long to recover from a workout now. But I finally felt that old man strength kick in around 30, so I can confidently say I fear no stuck jar lids. I can open any jar, any time, any where... Totally worth a borderline unhealthy obsession with fitness spanning almost 14 years so far!
Everything else was also much cheaper in the 80’s...
Dramatic much? Or did you miss the point of the post?
Things change? Woah, you should probably think about contacting someone to confirm this ground breaking discovery! We will have to start printing new text books immediately.
Mustorama.
Good ‘ol whiskey throttle!
Hence why the title says self-checkout. You can still see an employee operating a till for people who make larger purchases.
All you have to say is, you can build a submarine, that you can park, inside your other submarine. Best invention since sliced bread!
I am almost taken out on my motorcycle every week by distracted drivers. My "deal" is that I enjoy living.
Thanks for prioritizing my time. I'm so glad I asked your opinion. Hey while you're here, can you move my 3 o'clock? Thanks!
Ha!
I told my monster brother in-law he was too giant for my bikes suspension. Sadly I wasn't lying, but that's not something you want to say to family, especially a 400 pound man...
The downvotes are from people reading Reddit on their phone while driving haha. A couple years back I lived in an apartment, and a woman came knocking on my door hysterical just after dinner. She was pissed off that her car was towed, after her husband had been ticketed for the 3rd time this year while operating a vehicle and using his phone, and was asking if I could give her a ride to the tow yard. My wife happened to over hear the conversation, and asked her if she knew I had a YouTube channel with my helmet cam footage, of distracted drivers trying to kill me constantly. Needless to say, she felt like a victim because her husband had been towed. Some people I tell ya!
/r/subnauticaletsplays/
But who scritches his belly near the fire when it's cold outside :(
I don't customize my cars and didn't even know where to find crates in the garage until after 1000 hours or so. Many people like myself don't give a shit about the customization.
This has happened to me on PC a few times. Closing the game and restarting it always fixes the issue.
&gt; To prevent arrest and detention, the officers told them, they could pay a fine of $600 to them on the spot, according to the OIJ. The tourists told the officers they did not have that amount of money with them and the two officers allegedly drove them in a police car to Filadelfia, the area’s main city, about 10 kilometres away, to use a bank machine. The couple withdrew the cash and gave it to them. Greasy fucks.
I've honestly only heard other Canadians say it this way as a joke.
I forgot I owned this game, as I haven't played since launch. Is the netcode still absolute cancer inducing trash?
My cat does the same shit. Like she's not happy until she's mostly lying on my face. Why do they do this, haha.
A bike that doesn’t corner, and has large speakers so everyone has to hear your shitty metal at stop lights. Pass.
Not motorcycle specific but one thing that makes me feel much better on a ride is the new vehicles that alert the driver in their mirror when I am in their blind spot. Another technological advantage I would say is YouTube. Riders now can watch videos and learn a lot of great techniques, as well as how to properly maintain their bikes, which leads to a much safer ride obviously. Finally I have to agree with everyone saying ABS. I had a car change lanes in front of me this fall, and drop anchor when they saw a recently formed pothole on the road. Because they had just changed into my lane I had no room in front of me, but in the moment decided to trust my ABS. I started on bikes without ABS so I developed a habit of squeezing the brakes at first, but once it gripped I squeezed that cork snorker so hard the ass end of my CB500X with luggage came up off the ground as I came to a stop. Despite stopping so hard, the ABS was so smooth I was still able to calmly watch the car behind me, to see if they were going to be able to stop in time or not. Modern ABS is the shit.
If the checks all occurred around the same time, don't worry about it. If you were negatively impacted for several consecutive checks in a small window, nobody would shop around for mortgages.
It might be your laws of gravity, but it’s not mine. -OP probably.
You get the same feeling when you miss a save in Rocket League, and instead of saying anything your team mates just leave. Feels bad man.
Fingers crossed. I finished Subnautica years ago, and still listen to the soundtrack today.
I mean, his company is not registered as a non-governmental organization, and he isn't currently working for the government. Sounds like he done fucked up.
Which would mean he is unable to conduct official government business at this time, and his company registration should reflect that.
It gets much better. I almost stopped after that episode as well, and all of my friends did. I'm glad I stuck it out though.
Oh interesting.
I’m more alarmed OP thought this was real.
[Is it?](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a623bo/subnautica_free_on_the_epic_store_starting_today/) [You sure?](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a3xgff/the_epic_games_store_is_now_live_giving_away_one/) [How about now?](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a6a9gz/friendly_reminder_free_on_epic/) [Now?](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a43tmy/free_subnautica_on_epic_store_starting_dec14/) [But is it?](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a4tjh0/subnautica_will_be_free_on_epic_game_store_from/) [Okay it is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a51nhq/subnautica_is_being_given_away_for_free/)
I'm just going to link [my comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/a6qgyf/subnautica_is_free_on_the_epic_games_store_until/ebx3vxr/) from an identical thread that was posted here 30 minutes before yours. For future reference, it has been posted here a lot over the past few days, and people should at least try the search functionality out, even if only to see what it is they are missing.
Don't forget to take breaks, and drink plenty of water!
Strange. Have you overclocked your CPU/GPU? I had an old GTX 680 back in the day that eventually was no longer able to maintain the overclock it was running at for a couple years without issue. You might want to try some synthetic tests first to make sure your system is stable.
&gt; China migrants to consider shifting migration patterns to more friendly climates," the report stated. Friendlier climates? Well, the doors over there, mind your ass on the way out!
2200sq ft and it’s just the two of us and a cat. It was a 4bdrm house but I turned one room into a gaming room and another into a home gym. We use almost all of the space because of this, with the exception of a guest bedroom upstairs we keep cat free for when people stay over. The least used room in the house is probably the walk-in closet in our bedroom. We just aren’t big closet people.
Once I built the defensive upgrade for the Seamoth, I was no longer scared of anything. It takes away any fear and makes the game enjoyable.
Haha, it was released in 2002. I was already paying taxes by then!
&gt; A couple who named their baby after Adolf Hitler and were members of a banned neo-Nazi group in Britain have been jailed for more than 10 years combined. [Good.](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/vsbattles/images/f/f8/Grumpy-cat-good-meme.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20180121063901)
That would explain the helicopter overhead last night.
&gt; carry a shotgun in my Model S at all times for self defense Woah, where do you live? Has it always been so dangerous there?
Would you want to eat something that just finished pooping their pants? I'd wait for the water to turn clear again as well.
The ass of a jack rabbit on this lad.
Sounds like they have some new competition!
Woah! Hope you never have to use it. Hopefully one day Elon will make a tank!
Nah. I spent my 20's working in the 'Berta oil patch with a bunch of Newfie's. If you can understand a group of drunk newfie's talking to each other at the bar, you can build a telescope you bought at IKEA with the instructions printed upside down and in Russian.
[My ferocious house elf spends hours on top of my PC when I game.](https://i.imgur.com/UsY2rCu.png)
I had slowly come to terms that we just don’t get the same snow I remember as a kid. But raining on Christmas day sucks a Santa sized sack.
Neat.
Which is even more impressive, as we can all agree the model 3 is nice, but the interior is not $100K luxury car nice. It really shows people are eager to support new automotive technologies that are also beneficial to saving our planet, even if there is a bit of a surplus to it
‘Twas exactly why I chose my words carefully :)
Rumored to be the fastest Corolla ever produced. 0-100 times that rival some human powered wheel barrows!
When I first started playing, Reapers didn't do anything when they detected the player. Imagine my shorts filling moment the first time I approached a previously non-aggressive bitey boy, only to find myself staring at his mouth as he carried me away. I think I stopped playing and waited for it to hit version 1.0 on PC before I finished the main story.
Depends on how much machine learning they incorporate into their development process. 1 billion miles of data is more than enough to then simulate 100's of billions of miles in a digital environment, thus allowing the A.I. to essentially perfect it's understanding of how to safely pilot a vehicle. Of course with a better understanding of driving comes a substantially larger rule set the car must follow, which would also increase the real-time computing power needed to operate to it's full potential, or at a level we deem satisfactory.
Wow, using chopsticks at such a young age must be awesome for fine motor control development, no?
You can tell it's a proper zoomie when they run away if you chase them.
We know :)
At least he gave it a shot. I had a buddy rage quit his first game and uninstall hahaha. I can't remember what it was he said, but I can remember his voice getting so loud about a minute in, and by half way through the game he quit. I tried to keep playing but at one point I just had to focus on trying to stop laughing long enough to get a breath of air.
Lol, that’s BC transit. Even waiting at the stop for 5 straight buses in a row doesn’t guarantee you’re getting a ride. Their dispatch knew me so well from calling them to ask why not a single bus was running, that the shift manager actually gave me his personal cellphone number....
My favorite is when the BC transit driver flies past your house 15 minutes early, just so he can park at the train station you were trying to get to and have a smoke. Fuck all the people trying to get to work. Gotta get that cancer as far into me as possible son!
Pretty close, Mission.
The west heights part on the hill. We love it.
&gt; This is not how AI works. This is factually incorrect. Maybe not the type they are developing, but some AI's are absolutely improved via synthetic simulations. AlphaZero being the first one that comes to my mind.
&gt; This is not how AI works.
Wow, they were willing to go that far based on a supervisors Wiki results on his phone? Why is it that many private sector jobs make employees take refresher courses/training each year, yet the senior police staff can't be bothered?
The look on both of your faces makes me wonder what the current state of that babies diaper is. It would appear as though it has a full charge.... I would recommend visiting your nearest Super Soaker station for immediate decontamination.
I would love to see a clip of celebrities reading mean tweets, with Will and John reading this :D
Pfft, big deal. The NFL has been doing this for years :D
It's fine, we will just keep our economy afloat by letting foreign investors continue to flip houses and launder drug money in our casino's. It's a totally sustainable plan that doesn't have any obvious flaws at all! Right guys?
Wait, why is the kid white? Yikes, I hate to be the one to break this to you, but you might want to get a paternity test.
Spoiler alert, she's blind and that is a bear. Her dog is still at the park waiting for someone to take him home.
Okay, the cop trolling that guy at 1:20 was hilarious.
I was told the breed had a lot of energy. I was not expecting this!
She is a Canadian Sphynx.
She does this every day even without the sweater. She just likes to show off!
I think OP filled his shorts with evil icecream.
She’s a heart melter alright! She has the sass to match her big eyes as well :-P
They are happy as long as they can be a part of whatever it is you’re doing, haha!
It’s only the first couple weeks of January. Everyone gives up by then and the people who actually workout can use the equipment again.
Not only would I never buy a game exclusive to the Bethesda store, I'd be really interested to see if they survive past 2020 as a game studio at all. I have a feeling they will be on the chopping block come late 2019, after they fail to monetize the FO4 community mod known as FO76.
I'm willing to allow it, but he must go back to using his original nickname for fights going forward. 2019 will be known as the return of sexual chocolate to MMA! I would also accept Jon "broke pregnant bones" Jones.
My wife keeps a stack of "don't park like a cunt" tickets in the glove box for this reason.
Thanks! I think you're the first person to recognize her from YouTube :)
Perfect, Sammy loves dessert!
[I think these are the ones she printed off.](https://youparklikeacunt.wordpress.com/2011/11/28/snugglecoon-has-very-kindly-produced-a-nice/)
It’s fine. Whether people admit it or not, nobody likes being called out for being a shit person. It will weigh on them eventually, and is a lot better than keying his car.
Is that what those pixels were!
They did, but since then they appear to have stopped. Right around when Canada legalized weed. I don’t follow the channels but see they are still blowing up so that’s a good sign.
That tunnel is a piece of shit. We were supposed to get a bridge but then a new government was elected, and construction halted. I literally bought a motorcycle to get through that piece of shit faster using the HOV lane in the morning, then bought a house somewhere else after the traffic got so bad it was unbearable.
This has been making the rounds on Reddit for years. Doubt OP could go back in time, find out who posted this, and retroactively stress test the PC.
People say they hate Sphynx cats, yet every time we walk ours every person has to come pet her and ask 1000 questions. I think it’s just cool to hate on things today for some reason.
Yes, but it will cost an extra $999 for the sticker. It’s an Apple Pro sticker though, so it’s worth it!
Neat.
Sure did, as long as you don’t buy it from Apple 😂
I mean, it says in the article you linked where the money went. $8B came to Vancouver for non-combat vessels, including an ice breaker.
Media: Tesla fails to prevent several cars from colliding in front of them, while saving its own occupants. Is Tesla playing God? More at 11.
We didn’t get $33 billion. Vancouver only got $8 and the rest went to Halifax according to that article you linked.
[This ship is literally the first vessel built with that money.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.4440646 ) It’s also a science vessel. Also two more are already under construction.
That’s also in the article I linked under national ship building strategy. It includes up to 21 new coast guard vessels, retrofitting, repairs, and much more. Check the article I posted for more info above.
👍🏻
Looks like a TKC80. Source: [I also run TKC80's.](https://i.imgur.com/HrVUVQF.jpg)
Strangers who don’t know you can’t help you either. We can’t tell you if your funny, or entertaining. You have to make videos for the community to review before this post should have even been made. Come back once you have filmed something, otherwise we will need to invent a crystal ball.
Are you asking us what YOUR audience will think of your videos? Shouldn’t you be asking them, your audience? I’m confused.
It looks great at this angle. I didn't like the bubble top look before, but I would easily choose this over a 3 just for the extra utility.
Lol. I don’t get it so you shouldn’t like it either! Let me guess, is your name Karen?
Please read the subreddit rules. This is not allowed on here.
I follow YouTubers with over 1 million subs that are still only using an old iPhone 7 to film their content. If they can do it, so can you.
Wrong sub for gameplay videos.
Interesting. I used to work way up in the Artic. We were fixing floors in massive oil tanks in various refineries. They were sinking causing floor issues back then, before the permafrost was melting this quickly. I wonder what impact this will have on those tanks now as they settle. I wish we had good news everyday on the scale of global warming to make me feel a bit better about our future.
Cool! I’ve been to Hong Kong before and everyone seemed nice. Might be good to have some nice people join our city for a change.
Let’s hope that CO2 scrubbing tech the University of Toronto is working on is up to the task. Shopping in Super Store this morning was depressing to see so much plastic packaging on groceries :(
Subbed!
I was more disappointed at the amount of plastic used to hold items that definitely do not need it, like paper plates for example. They came in a massive plastic carton :(
That's cool, but my launch Gameboy had 8KB of memory, still runs perfectly today, and definitely had more than 2500 hours of "flight time" :-P
Find other big YouTubers and post a great comment as soon as a video is published. Don't ask for people to come back to your channel, just leave a nice comment. This quadruples my daily traffic easily.
Here, I will post the first two rules of this sub in the event your fingers are broken and you couldn't click on the rules yourself. 1 - We don't allow advertising or self-promotion; we're here to help you get better, not get famous. Feedback and critiques are to help you, not promote you. NewTubers is not your audience. 2 - You may only plug in the following places: Comments in a "Critique" thread, See Rule IV In the "Self-Introduce Saturday" megathread In the “Feedback Friday” megathread
There are over 25 million YouTube channels out there. I have never heard of this guy, and neither has the majority of the planet.
Basically every YouTuber I follow has had explosive growth. This is because the automotive world is awesome about collabs, and they follow trends on which kind of cars their audience wants to see rebuilt. Cleetus McFarland Tavarish / Wrench everyday Hoovies Garage Samcrac Gooznquad Rich Rebuilds The list goes on for miles honestly.
I'm usually happy to watch anything 720p+. For my channel though, I upload everything in 4K because my editing rig can export a 10-15 minute 4K video in under 5 minutes so why not. I also film in 4K so I wanted to stick to a native resolution.
Definitely let your students know that 99% of the advice they get on here is from an 11 yr old who got 7 of his friends to sub to their Fortnite channel, and now believe they are the next Pewdiepie...
Cahones!
This little dude looks like he needs a bath and a good ear cleaning.
It’s not that it gets rejected, but YouTube will add black bars to 4096 x 2160 content. That’s why you want to upload it at 3840 x 2160.
I thought hey, this would be fun to film.
Tinnitus boye!
It’s great. You can enjoy your holiday without your scrotum sticking to your leg. My favorite vacation ever was a summer driving through Scotland and Ireland. Still warm obviously, but I wasn’t sitting in a puddle of swass the entire time.
To fix the aspect ratio.
As long as the output resolution is 3840 x 2160. There’s no work around if that’s what you’re looking for.
Maybe they aren’t getting views because people typically don’t look for tips on getting more views from a channel that isn’t getting views either. Obviously you’re tips don’t work so why would someone bother watching them.
Jeebus had a massive headache from all that wine, and just wanted to hydrate 😂
No offense, but if you haven’t heard of it, you haven’t done any research. Google is your friend.
I mean, I googled it when I started my channel last year and found tons of info on it. My first videos had black bars as YouTube doesn’t show true 4K. They only show UHD which is 3840 x 2160. It’s honestly super easy to google.
If you get lost again, the first result that comes up in Google is from YouTube that specifically tells you which formats are supported. https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6375112?hl=en&amp;ref_topic=9257782&amp;co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&amp;oco=2
Yes, the videos I uploaded at full 4K all had the black bars. I re-exported at 2160p and they were fine after that.
He’s full of shit. Why don’t you just upload your own test video if you don’t believe YouTube support or the internet? You are going to feel stupid though when you see black bars on your video haha.
Might want to find another editor who understands YouTube. Sorry man 🙁 If anyone ever tries to tell you to output at 17:9 again (4K) turn and run from them lol.
Fuck. My wife has misophonia and any constant noise drives her mentally bat shit crazy instantly. We can’t go to movie theaters because of popcorn chewers, so I imagine this would drive her nuts. Wish they had a package from the factory to install noise dampening. This sounds like it would be a non-starter from her and is something I have been worried about.
Love that Alberta flair you got there, lol.
Did you at least hear the point, as it soared miles over your head? Probably not...
Woof...
Was the dealership all out of black? 😁
All he was missing is the Ali hip shake at the end!
Correct, which means it gets letterboxed at 17:9... I know from experience. EDIT - Love how I even gave the guy a source on his other comment yet all he could do is downvote and run. You are what's wrong with this community, and you are not helping anyone. Please leave this sub.
This is incorrect. The aspect ratio for full 4K is 17:9. Please do your own research OP. This dude is out to lunch. EDIT - Since the guy above is giving terrible advice, here you go OP. &gt; If you happen to shoot in true 4K, you’ll be scaling that 4096 x 2160 (a 17:9 ratio) into YouTube’s 4K window and end up with letterbox footage. [SOURCE](https://photographybay.com/2014/05/20/how-to-export-4k-videos-for-youtube-plus-free-presets-for-premiere-pro-and-media-encoder/)
Wow, even with the source you’re still playing dumb eh? Full 4K video will be letterboxed. You really shouldn’t be giving advice when you have no clue what you’re talking about.
When your content gets letterboxed on 99% of the viewers screens because you listened to this idiot, remember why I warned you. Only a 17:9 aspect ratio monitor can display 17:9. It’s honestly not hard to figure out.
That’s exactly what I said, yes.
It’s not about hating on him for enjoying the ride. It’s for endangering those around him by popping a wheelie on a busy street with traffic. As soon as your “fun” puts others in danger as if the universe revolves around you, you become a festering cunt of which the planet does not need your kind. Go find an empty street.
You don’t see how if he messes that up, and the bike slides on it’s side through a cross walk, that it could potentially kill someone besides himself? Or how he’s distracting drivers around him, who are then not paying attention to the road? Come on let’s be real.
There is so much stupid in your reply I feel like it is making me stupid by proxy. I need to stop reading your replies as it’s clear you’re as thick as a DQ shake. If you live into your 30’s - 40’s you will understand how stupid this is.
Yeah that’s a no... I have Bluetooth hands free in my car. If you look at your phone you’re a dumb cunt.
Thank you for that intelligent thought. Next time maybe let it drip down your leg and slop on the floor, with the rest of the dumb shit that probably exits your face hole. If you advocate wheelies in traffic, I hope you never find a snatch to dump your garbage genes into. Keep that shit in your dads crusty sock under your bed son.
You really are insecure, aren’t you? Woof... if this low level crap is the kind of shit to bother you, you need more confidence lol. Go ahead and make fun of the brakes on my bike until your blue. It’s a super exciting read...
Wow, you sure got me! I don’t see how I can continue on after such a savage burn! Honestly I forget how many kids are on Reddit sometimes 😂
Nice! Well at least we know which account you are using for your alt. Because there’s no way two fucking people on Earth found any of this shit funny, lol.
Yes, I shared my opinion so I must be an insecure crybaby. One day I aspire to be the confident man child you are.
&gt; Meanwhile, a nation-wide Amber Alert was issued for the Liberal Party of Canada’s spine. Ahahahaha! EDIT - Oh snap! I don't know why I didn't think to look for this sub earlier: r/thebeaverton/
As opposed to what, belittling someone based on the braking equipment on their bike? Please white knight me more on how men conduct themselves.... It's not my fault you didn't have a man in your life growing up, to teach you to be confident and stand behind what you say.
I haven't instigated anything, and stand by what I said. If you are stunting on busy streets with other vehicles and people, you are a shit human being who is giving normal riders a bad rap. I don't apologize if that fact hurts anyone's feelings. Maybe you need to take the time to reflect on what the message here is, and fully understand it. You might also want to consider how this impacts the thousands of new riders who come here to start their journey, and receive terrible advice from the shitty minority of riders that ride like twats on busy roads. The issue spongebob is not the guy advocating that you keep stunting for unpopulated areas. The problem are the morons defending their right to ride like twats where the risk is the highest, for absolutely zero reward other than to impress the boys you surround yourself with.
Says the guy who made millions and had to move back into his mommy's basement.
With this, Skyrim, Dark Souls, and Zelda on the Switch, it's basically an RPG fans wet dream. I bought a Switch to compliment my PC and it has been an excellent decision, even if I never hook it up to a TV and already own most of the games on Steam. Thanks Dad for buying me that NES back in the 80's and starting me down this path :D
That's a good sign, when your team is capable of flirting with many new ideas in ways they would love to see the world unfold. Must be an incredible compliment for Shigeru, Takashi, etc to see people still passionate about a world they first envisioned over three decades ago.
Hire her to write “Is your wife fat?” on every new Rich Rebuilds video.
Time to adopt a retired drug sniffing dog and go look at some new Fords! I can sell whatever I find back to the Mexicans for a good price 😂
No I didn’t remember that scene, until this moment right now. Let’s hope it’s as easy to forget a second time. His voice actor nailed that role.
Hell no. I’m not letting someone hold onto my money with nothing in return for zero gain. They can earn it like everyone else, after the initial wave of reviews and port reports are out.
I use Filmora 9. It may not be the absolute best, but it was good enough to receive a gracious sponsorship at only 350 subscribers, which is all the information I really have to go off. I enjoy it because I can export a 15 minute long 2160p video in just 4-5 minutes, and the interface is easy to use. I bought a lifetime license to the standard version on sale, and it was a good decision.
Yes, and I apologize for nothing.
One day, currently we only just passed 350 subscribers and are using our sponsors money to improve our equipment. Once we are satisfied with our gear I will probably look into securing some form of advertisement.
Something changed in my life, and I decided I should film it for fun. I then spent the next 30 days planning on what the channel would be about, and started it from day one with our vision in mind. Now I stare at the wall and ponder why it is someone pays us to create content. It feels like I found a game breaking bug in this universe.
The most recent update was a god send. Before then it was a crash fest on any videos that pulled in more then 20 videos at 4K. Now it's buttery smooth and doesn't crash again :)
But they are so much better then us at online multiplayer games. I'm white raised by white parents and Saturday morning cartoons in the 90's. I don't have an attention span long enough to get half as good as they are at multiplayer games. Or were you getting at something else? Either way I'm not wearing pants so it's your call how the rest of this plays out.
Eddie Bravo just got so hard....
So uh, [this highlight was fucking fantastic!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL9r211_i_0) I would like to apologize to Artem for having doubted his place as an MMA legend, however the way he took Paulie apart and used that overhook in the clinch to control him and feed him upper cuts was a god damn thing of beauty. Enjoy your rest sir. I look forward to hearing your next opponent.
Love how he admitted to using the alias of a real coworker there at the time, Dennis. Must have really made the real Dennis shit bricks to go to work the next day 😂
Not to mention the police might like the idea of switching to Tesla’s, as I’m sure that can be very handy in road side stops and other various scenarios.
Would be fantastic to get expanded hours on the WCE too. A weekend train or two would also be amazing but I’m not asking for a miracle.
This is awesome for sure. We really did do the dumbest shit as kids, yet never had any serious injuries. I really do wonder how that impacted our growth. There's something to be said for being able to perform when the risk is high that was clearly once an important trait for our species. Nowadays most playgrounds have padding on every hard surface. I wonder if the safer play area's we have today have any kind of an impact on our physical development and overall space awareness.
When I first met my wife, she had to run an errand and asked me if I wanted to come. We had just started dating and I had never been in a vehicle with her before, but thought why not! 5 minutes later in a 50 KM/h rural area, she had crashed head on into a cement highway barrier which we cracked it in half, jumped over it, and stopped against a telephone pole in her mothers old Sebring. I don't even want to talk about the first time I got on the back of her motorcycle. I was pulling seat cover material out of my asshole for weeks...
You have to admire their determination. Every time they hit a wall they grab a new hammer. It's pretty incredible they are able to keep innovating in so many areas. I remember several years back, [Nvidia specifically mentioned they were getting serious about the automotive industries on-board CPU market.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zpjcsGiZJY) Someone explain to me how a car company was able to create a much better and cheaper option in just a few years? Like, we know Nvidia drags their ass to continually get 10% better performance year over year in their GPU market, but you have to imagine they were spending a lot of RnD to advance the automotive industries market as fast as humanly possible.
Wow the quality of this image for the time is excellent. What a beauty!
If that person walked away from that with no injuries, she should consider a career in the NFL. There’s no way her chiclets are straight after that. Nor her spine.
I recently tried bakkesmod and noticed this. I only play solo and it extra fucks you too. I always have the highest MMR on my team for some reason. I never ever get players with higher MMR than me. In fact, I always get stuck with a group of 2, where one guy has a similar MMR, and the other is 300+ points power and plays like it. I understand wanting to play with your girlfriend, but why ranked? I am trying to grind rewards, and hate it when people quit. But clearly you’re just fucking around with a low level player so go join unranked. The other thing is the servers appear to be fucked. I won a game on dropshot last night and was the MVP, and deranked upon winning. The next game we won and I was MVP again, and I still remained at the lower rank. I stoped playing after that lol. It’s pretty inconsistent matchmaking for a game that has been out for years. And the issue with people failing to connect and cancelling the entire game is hilarious. It’s been years guys!
That makes sense. What a weird bug haha.
True, but did you know YouTube puts a little 4K emblem by your video when it’s 4K? Did you know they allow you to also sort by 4K videos? That little emblem helps drive traffic. Especially when everyone just got a new TV for Christmas and are dying for real 4K content. Now combine that with nobody else in your niche doing 4K yet, and suddenly it’s a bonus to have!
Yeah but come on. That little shit was also hamming it up and I loved it. Cat needs his own show.
You couldn't script that scene better if you tried, it's perfect! Fails to hit the ball, eats shit, takes a dip. If that isn't a fantastic example of cause and effect, I don't know what is!
I mean, I've never stuck at a career longer than 5-7 years. The added benefit is I am skilled in many areas, but I do not have a fat pension built up at a company so I have had to prepare in other ways. Honestly the hardest part of this is that I had to hold onto a career I hated for several years in order to get a mortgage on our house. It ruined me and is taking years and years to get my mental health back. Thankfully switching careers and having a blast learning new stuff seems to be a better fit for me, so I am slowly recovering from that soul sucking 8 years I spent at Microsoft.
Those are pretty much ideal. How far away was the light from your plants? I can't imagine the tent makes that much of a difference as long as the environment is fairly stable. This shit grows outdoors on its own after all :D What was your nute schedule like?
&gt; It just happens to represent the change at the wrong time. &gt; If it was a bug, they would have fixed it Slow down a bit and read those again, haha. Its definitely a UI bug. Its just not game breaking, which is why they haven't prioritized it. Before I worked as a Producer on video games, I was a QA tester for a few years, so I understand why it hasn't been fixed. It also only happens in rare use cases where the user leaves the room before watching the victory celebration, AND just so happens to have a rank change. Very low user path and not a game breaker, so they prioritized putting in overpriced micro transactions first to generate revenue. Makes sense from a business perspective.
It’s all fun and games until you get invited to a lunch with other managers and hear what they really think about their colleagues. It is incredibly toxic. Especially since a fraction of that info in the form of feedback could potentially change the behavior they do not like from said employee. I was marooned because I wouldn’t sit in their cliques and shit on people, but I was the only one with knowledge on certain proprietary tools that were needed for daily tasks, so they couldn’t cut me for years. It killed me mentally but I managed to get a mortgage and we love our house, so I think it was worth it. Not overwhelmingly worth it yet, hopefully that comes once the mortgage payments are a bit easier to swallow :D
Well that's where I got a little creative. My wife makes great money, but we have a mortgage so its not like I would feel good sitting around all day scratching my nuts and drinking beer. (tried it, I go nuts) So what I did was put my Producer skills to use, and made a shitty YouTube channel doing videos like product reviews, where companies are paying me money and sending me free products to review. I also make Amazon affiliate money off sales and stuff through the reviews. I've only been doing it for a year but it makes me enough money I can fuck around for work. For example, my latest job was working at an automotive shop as a tire/lube tech where I worked on my old truck I am restoring, and learned a lot from the mechanics there. It was seasonal, but I had a great time for a few months, learned a lot, and got paid $18 hr to hang around a group of funny guys working on cars. It was honestly the most fun I have ever had at a job.
I was actually just let go because I was seasonal, (which is funny because I was the top sales laborer for the entire shop for the 4 months I was there consecutively). But it is a corporation and they value money and if you can lay off a worker for the slower months, why not. I don't understand how millennials are not succeeding like their parents did :-P Anyhoo, I did just make another deal with a company to do a product review on our shitty YouTube channel, so I will focus on that while looking only for jobs I want to do, which is an incredible luxury afforded to me by the fact that my sugar mama wife makes bank, and I make beer money on YouTube :D
&gt; It sucks that you were let go :( Its okay! I loved working with the guys in the shop, and made some lasting friends there so don't be sad! I worked in an automotive shop as a tire/lube technician. I don't give a fuck about making money and just helped people like I wish some shops would have helped me in my youth. I always used to pay for brake inspections, yet would still ruin rotors all the time as they wouldn't actually check to see how much life the pads had, as an example. So I would go about my day being extra polite to people, and telling them the truth about their cars as if they were someone that lived in my small community that I should be helping out (wink wink, you get it). They were very kind, often tipped me in cash, and would always come back to our shop and I felt good and accomplished each day. It was not a bad experience, but in fact a very good one that once again proved to me my value and that I can still out work 20 year olds any day of the week, even at 34 years old :D
If she still dates you after you tell her mom casually that your are going to chain her daughter up in your basement the first time you met her, you should marry her. I did, because my mother-in-law has the fucking greatest sense of humor haha. Thank christ too because holy hell that shit was 20 year old level cringe humor.
&gt; What they don't tell you that these jobs are soul sucking, usually way more than 40 hour weeks, sometimes high stress, sometimes lonely working environment. This strikes home for me. 65 hour work weeks, and my company asked me to stop taking my adult French lessons after work so I could work those nights as well. The really fucking stupid part? I did it. Thankfully I married a French woman so in hindsight I saved money but fuck me running, if your company asks you to quit night classes to work more than 65 hours in a week, run young Skywalker, and never fucking look back.
I would, but have you seen the back of my Ferrari? It's all engine? Where the fuck am I supposed to put my latest PC hardware Linus? Amazon won't ship it because the long driveway to my mansion is gated with an alligator filled moat around it. I tell you, it's hard out there these days. I'm just barely able to type this from my decaying 6 core i7-6850K. It's so old I started typing this comment out last year!
I actually really appreciate people with realistic stickers on their cars, and even go as far as to have a more positive impression of them, despite having never met in person. For example, I recently crossed the US border and saw a sticker that read, I voted for Monica Lewinsky's ex-boyfriends wife. I instantly felt like that person must have a great sense of humor, and that I would get along well with them. Unfortunately they did not turn into Trader Joe's with us, so I will never know if we could have been pals or not.
&gt; Seems like an huge (yet awesome) leap going from working at microsoft to being an automotive technician. It's funny because you would think that, but I naturally always worked better around hard working men and women in labor jobs. I have been a fork lift operator, a finger jointing mill foreman, a civil engineer in the oil and gas sector working in refineries all around Canada, and various others. Despite all of that, I work well around hard working people who aren't looking to be offended by the next comment you make about not liking their favorite political candidate, and will tell you to your face when they aren't happy. As an example, recently at work I was finishing up a job while all of the other techs stood there and watched me despite also signing off on the work order. They are a great group of guys I really get along with, so it wasn't an issue when I said, "Hey, are you cunts going to sit there with your thumbs up your ass all day, or are you going to get your pussies dirty and help me finish this car so we can all go home?". At Microsoft that would never fly as an example, but in the shop they understand it actually translates out to, "Hey dudes, do you mind balancing that last tire over there so I can clean these rotors and we can all go home now that it's 5?". I have naturally always worked better in environments where you can be more candid with your colleagues I guess.
This is the main component really. If I did not have the secondary income I would most likely still be slaving away in the tech industry, or living under some bridge somewhere :)
So far, I couldn't see that place even if I climbed on my tippy toes!
Absolutely! My vocabulary changes significantly when I work with females in the vicinity, or even with people I know are sensitive. That said if the group of guys respond by laughing so hard they come to tears, and still help you finish the car you were working on, then why not bring some joy to their lives! Especially when HR isn't a thing! Edit - I should clarify we did have a female tech and her language made mine seem very tame in comparison. I’m not actually a derogatory person who believes the shit that comes out of my mouth. I just like to read my audience and have fun in that spectrum. It’s amazing the shit you’ll do when you’re bored I tell you!
Ah yes, and since it was a chilly day, every space within a couple blocks appeared efficiently stuffed to capacity! It was nice to see how slow Americans drive in those little communities. When the parking lot is filled with people and kids running around, we don’t need some ricer channeling his inner Paul Walker (RIP) in the parking lot trying to impress his cousin he kind of has a thing for but knows it’s inappropriate in his shitty Prelude with a cut off exhaust. Like bro, there’s a billion other places. Trust me, nobody’s looking at your car because it’s hot. They are trying to figure out what kind of a cunt hears a car clearly in that much distress, and doesn’t put it out of its misery. Like do it a favor for fuck sakes, you know?
That’s great but it’s also missing a component with various teams in one of the worlds largest tech companies, completely oblivious to each others existence. As an example, we spent months meeting with teams around the US trying to find a tool that would do a specific task for us. Well it turned out the best tool in the entire industry was being developed by our company and had released without telling anyone. Like ho, you mean I was looking for a revolver for months, while you casually had an RPG in your pocket ala Jim Carrey this entire time? At what point were you going to maybe inform me.... no, you know what. Never mind. I can clearly see I’m the asshole here for not having a crystal ball hahaha am I right? Jeff? Ah.... ah fuck this place anyway. I never liked it here and seriously, invisible one ply? We are Billionaires guys.... come on. I’m out.
Hey thanks for your interest! I do however like to keep our channel and Reddit separate, as it’s a family friendly channel. I also wouldn’t want my opinions attached to my wife, who also hosts on the channel. That poor woman already puts up with enough having a man such as myself around the house. Imagine living with someone 24/7 whom if you asked a question is going to tell you the truth, regardless of whether you were ready for it or not? It must be exhausting for the poor woman :D
It was terrible daddy. And they made us run the cutting edge versions of Windows every day like canaries in a coal mine. I can still see the blue screens when I close my eyes :'(
Happy new years mang!
I believe there is a time and a place for everything. For example, my wifes family all believe I am a saint and would never dream about saying half the crap I would when I among my friends, or casually chatting on Reddit. I do not have to impress anyone and can relax and find comedy in the simpler things in life. When I'm telling a little old lady her car is fixed now and to have a wonderful Christmas, I'm reading my audience and situation. Something people no longer view as a skill they should be actively working at.
I just apply and learn on the fly.
I learn on the job. Obviously that wouldn’t work for overly technical jobs, but many places don’t mind training you!
People who say that have never owned a pet. Our cat will literally taste anything. I caught her tasting the broom handle the other day. She was not a fan.
You missed an opportunity to decorate it for the holidays 😂
This girl was germinated at the same time as her sisters from the same blister pack, however from birth she has had a genetic disease, that causes her leaves to appear deficient and die, despite having the exact same environment and nute schedule as [her large happy sisters.](https://i.imgur.com/Qv7XWsQ.jpg) I'm not proud to admit I considered terminating her several times. But I was there the first time she scrapped her stalk. I saw her grow her first nodes. I watched the other kids tower over her and steal her light every day as I picked at her fragile body, questioning whether or not I was making the right decision. Was I keeping her alive for me, or is she enjoying life. Then the unthinkable happened, she decided to flower just 4 weeks into her difficult life. I thought for sure this would be her demise. There was just no way her frail body could support such a difficult sprint to the finish. I had failed her as a father. As time went on I kept a brave face on for her, but my wife and I would often look on from the camera in my tent and wonder if she would be there in the morning. It is the most difficult thing I have ever done as a parent. Today however felt different. The sun was out, the birds are chirping, and the coffee was extra strong this morning. I decided to check in on my girls to see how they are doing. To my surprise, Genny no grow had slowly morphed into the dank bud producing machine she was destined to be. They may not be the largest of dankest of buds from the tent, but for several glorious weeks she has had her tits out on display to all the other girls who have not hit puberty yet, and all of the boys online can't keep their eyes off her. Her life was not always easy and heck, its not even over. But as a father of 3 girls (purple kush autos) I'm happy to have experienced the process of life, and can't wait to smoke the shit out of my kids!
As a married man with no kids this is as close as I will ever be to fatherhood. Let me have this dammit!
No, but I’m hoping it fucks me up at the end of it all!
That foot right there needs some hi-fives if I've ever seen it.
Happy New Years mang! 🔥🌲😤
Is the MMR in unranked the same as ranked though? I’m mid 1500’s in unranked, and high 700’s in ranked. I always play 3’s solo though so I have never had the momentum of a good team with me. I play too inconsistently due to my schedule as well so it would be hard to find one anyway.
This account doesn't have much karma. Could also be the spouse to whomever posted it originally. EDIT - Got it. Do not have thoughts that vary from the hive mind. Please continue to downvote me to oblivion for only presenting another possible scenario.
*Looks at quik-clot pads in bugout bag.* &gt; From what I've heard, it's extremely painful. Soooo there's a new gauze you say? Guess I know what to ask for next Christmas!
Yeah because spouses wouldn’t talk to each other and use stuff the other created. The “hive mind” is probably well educated on that front. Proof is how butt hurt you get at someone presenting a possibility. Imagine being so fragile that offends you.
Admitting I am wrong would mean I believed this was not a karma whore. Again, since apparently Reddit has a reading comprehension issue, I only presented another possibility. Nowhere in my post will you ever see me stating op IS the spouse of the other poster. I’m taking your crying emoji away until you learn how to read AND understand the words at the same time. 😂
Good thing that big shipping ship floats. Wouldn't want that precious cargo to accidentally fall into the water!
You know what's more impressive than a guy snapping his invisible fingers and making everything? The fact that we had to climb out of the swamp, build a spear, and fight off every other thing that wanted to eat us to get here today. Humans are a far more fascinating story than the bible in my opinion. That's the story we should all be talking about and bonding over.
The bible and religion should be celebrated and written about in books and documentaries, then retired. Think about it, there's a good chance it is why we are here today. Back when organized religion started, the purpose was most likely to build community (congregations), educate (reading/singing/manners), and teach respect for one another. It was essentially a primitive form of schooling for our children that was important we forced onto our kids as it might have been important to their development at one point in history. For that reason alone I feel like we should document everything we have on religion for future historians and scholars to study, and move on to a modern culture with modernized values of the same principles (be nice, stick together, etc).
You should be proud of yourself. Religion has trapped many for their entire lives. You climbed out of the pit yourself despite the heavy brainwashing that probably started from a young age. That's impressive if you ask me.
In some ways it's awesome we had groups around the world recording things with our planet. It might not be in HD on the History channel, but the fact we have a lens looking back through history at all is incredibly lucky.
Think of the blood shed on the IO panel while installing all of them!
I think they are saving their voices, lol. Every year by the end of CES every web show host sounds hoarse and usually has at least one bug from CES they are fighting off :D
FarCry 3 and MGS4 are my Kermit titles haha.
Haha, this would be funny. As is, I connect to a lot of bluetooth calls randomly while backing customers cars out of the shop. Imagine if the second I sat in the car to pull them out, the calls always connected to the car. It's already hilarious enough I am always activating sentry mode whenever I work on a Tesla.
&gt; Still, Alford fears feeling this level of judgment could have a permanent impact on her child. Lets hope. Instead of asking what jesus would do, that mom should be asking why jesus would do this?
Could be tied to a much deeper and risky fix. Game development is not always simple.
And you have access to their bug db? I spent over a decade working on some of the largest games that have ever existed. I believe there is only one person here with zero experience spilling bullshit out of their face... and it’s the knob you see in the mirror.
Yep. I figured you for a knob.
Boss: If you don't come in today, you're fired. This guy: Hold my wax.
We wouldn't know. The last party he was invited to was his 11th birthday, and his mom and dad told him the wrong address so they could celebrate it in peace. He's actually sending this from the same Chuck E Cheese his parents told him the address to, waiting for someone to come pick him up.
Abby.
Yeah but I didn't mind taking the pressure washer to my CRF. The ADV bike gets hand toweled with love and takes waaaaay longer to clean :D
It gets even worse when you realize this person is legally allowed to reproduce as much as they want.
Hello kind folk of /r/autoflowers. I am currently in the middle of my first grow and have hit an interesting situation that I could use some advice on. [PICTURE FOR REFERENCE](https://i.imgur.com/VPW5I7R.jpg) Several months back I purchased 12 seeds from farmers lab seeds (Look, we've all fucked a fat chick. Don't pretend like you have never done shit you're embarrassed about). Anyhoo, as a new grower I am definitely outside of my realm of expertise and could use some advice on how to move forward with my plants. Back when I ordered my seeds, I ordered 6 Blue dream autos, and 6 purple kush autos. They came with a couple extra I believe, but despite all being germinated using the dunk/paper towel method, only 3 seeds actually broke out of their shells. Well technically 2, as the 3rd didn't fully pop and I had to perform some stoner surgery. She survived so I guess it was all good. Now, I did not try and pop all of the seeds at once, but after they all slowly failed I managed to get a 3rd purple kush auto seed to pop approximately 1.5 weeks behind the first 2 seeds that were planted. So the plant in the far back right of the picture is about 1.5 weeks behind the front 2 plants, all feminized purple kush autos supposedly. Now the front right plant despite the same environment, organic nutrient schedule, water, etc. was just very sick from the day one. She would grow tons of tiny little brown spots all over her leaves and eject them as soon as she grew them. Despite all this, she decided to flower at just 3 fucking weeks old, and has somehow managed to stay alive and throw on mass as you can see. Here is where I am stuck. The front right plant will need to be chopped soon, the back right will be a couple weeks behind that, and the plant on the left doesn't appear to be a god damn auto at all, as she keeps fucking growing and hasn't developed a single bud site yet! So the question really is, do I wait for sicky McGee to finish then set my lights to 12/12 to get the plant on the left to flower, and chop the sick one after only 12 hours of darkness? Or are these genetics so fricken unstable that I should just wait and leave my current 20/4 schedule as is and see if she eventually begins to flower on her own? I would have to cut the sick one down without the extended dark period but I mean it's already sick, so would I really be losing much? TL;DR - Really unstable genetics and I don't know if I should flip my lights to 12/12 because the plant on the left isn't flowering at all and her sisters are getting close to finishing.... NOTE - I should mention that I have all of the equipment and "knowledge" to do low stress training, I simply wanted my first grow to be as natural as possible so I can actually understand what changes I make effect the plants in the future. I like performing weird science experiments and probably have too much free time on my hands. Thank you for popping by!
Hey guys I'm back. *Replay Camera is active* SHIT, sorry guys I didn't know the game started! Who scored?
Thanks again, I really appreciate it! Since I can give her some time to recover before flipping the lights, this might actually work out great as I will most likely at least be ready to chop the one down.
This sub is fucking great.
I'm going for it! It will be tougher, but I want to see if I can get all 3 girls to finish happily. I super cropped the bigger girl and chopped a few of the taller nodes. I'll let her recover while the other 2 finish and flip her over! Thanks for the advice.
Nature, it would seem is in deed quite metal.
I agree with this, and have believed it from a very young age. It makes it tough for a young child to interact with kids at school on the playground, while I'm wondering why nobody else is talking about the fact that nobody is watching. There's no rules here other than what we want to make as a society. Lets actually just be cool to everyone because when the eventual heat death of the fucking Universe occurs and we are all huddled together watching the light go out, I want everyone to look around them and just be happy they are all together.
&gt; I was the one person in the tribe that could set the clock on everyone's VCR You say that like it's some incredible portal that leads you to a magical village where a million Asian girls just want to suck your dick all day! What it really means is that not only will you be your entire families 24/7 free on-call tech support guy, but your family will also hand your number out to their friends.... and their friends friends. Before you know it, you are supporting more people than a chair on the set on the biggest loser! I have been that guy since the 80's.... how much longer? I'm only in my 30's now and I'm unfortunately healthy. I'm guessing somewhere between another 25 and a billion years. Shouldn't be too bad.... right guys?
I would prefer you spend the money on yourself or your family. The Reddit crew has enough to feed themselves :)
Yeah, that was incredible. Thanks for sharing! EDIT - I'm still re-reading this and going down a rabbit hole. Fuck me running.
Dear Developers, Please go back to your normal schedules. I can wait and would rather you develop something from a healthy body and sound mind. Signed, -Everyone.... figure it out ya fucking degens.
Under 90 ft of unmelted snow plow runoff.
Seems like we just need a lighter battery. I imagine we haven’t hit the ceiling yet on battery tech.
Seen the prices in Chilliwack lately? The housing here is only going to get worse as the climate changes. Everyone wants that sweet Canadian citizenship without Toronto’s winters.
Could never get my ping to stabilize with TekSavvy. They fucked up and deleted my account accidentally, and I jumped ship back to Shaw a few months back. My ping has been stable as a rock and I can play games online again.
I would love to see an actual 4 wheel drive implementation at some point. AWD is great for city drivers, but us country folk need something that can handle 2 feet of snow fall in a weekend. At this point I will never be able to replace my truck unless Ford or Rivian managed to get true 4x4 capability into their electric trucks.
Yeah the cyber truck look neat! My boat rack and camper wouldn’t fit on a cyber truck because of the weird bed sides though. The electric F-150 looks like I wouldn’t have to rebuy that stuff, and could transfer it all over though.
The dumb ones breed the most sadly.
He said it’s not even 1080p. Physical screen size doesn’t matter lol.
There quite a few decent sized little towns West of Edmonton. Which is great, because anywhere that isn’t Edmonton is a fuck of a lot better than staying in Edmonton.
4 wheel drive.
&gt; The decision states that in the winery's 50-year history, Mission Hill has only had two cellar operation incidents that resulted in a "total loss of wine down the drain." Both were the result of Crozier's actions. Ouch. This guy is going to think about this randomly in the shower for the rest of his life.
Oh that's what you appreciates about him?
Well if nothing else, the rain forest loves this. Anything that will help with the upcoming forest fire season is welcome.
Every time this is posted I sit through the entire thing smiling like an idiot. This is just quality entertainment that is so rare these days.
Oh man, I no longer blame my mom for putting one of those stupid wrist harnesses on me they used on kids in the 80's. It had a long curly telephone cord on it but no matter where I went, I was a good stiff pull away from mom haha. Of course that meant I was always within arms reach of her chain smoking second hand smoke, but I'm sure that was healthy for us 80's kids...right?
Maybe just Skype in to work. The only thing I've ever had with Corona in the name was quite pleasant while vacationing in Mexico. This seems like quite the opposite of that.
If he's not enthusiastic to try it out I will take it off his hands :D
I mean, mother nature did give us fair warning to stop being assholes. Kind of sucks that shes going to remedy the issue via ancient Tibetan flu, but hey, there's probably worse ways to go. Right guys? We could have slowly starved to death as the heated Earth becomes more and more inhospitable towards human agriculture or something.
Woah, woah, woah! You guys have to leave, it's getting awkward. No, not you 20 year old kid with the monster dong. Just everyone else that came with you.
Not going to lie, the second guy sold the aquarium experience better than the first. He should think about becoming an Instagram model.
He probably finished right as the chick starts laughing in the clip. Talk about a boner killer!
The internet is a neural net processor, a learning computer.
The boy wonder! Wonder where the rest of the dinosaur went that he stole that magnum dong from!
This happens a lot here sadly. I love it when an Indian guy pulls up to the shop at 5:30 and says he thinks he has a flat, and there's barely any rubber left on the rim. "Maybe pressure, maybe puncture, I dunno." Nope, it's just missing. As in you have been driving for about 50 km on that haha.
Have we peer reviewed this? Big if true.
So here's a question, what impact could we reasonably expect on immigration (if) we were to enact something like this. Could we realistically deal with that pressure with the existing resources we have now? We would probably also need to put a lot of checks in place to ensure people who report no income here despite having fortunes overseas couldn't abuse the system. I'm sure we would be on top of that like we are with the money laundering in BC casinos and the such.
I loved all the big rigs that had these on during the winter storm we had. Like hey fuck face, you’re passing people in the left lane with your massive semi. You don’t also need your 4-way flashers on to draw attention, because everyone around you should be more concerned about the road. If you are that concerned you shouldn’t be maintaining highway speeds in the left lane you cock juggling thunder cunt!
So tell us how you feel about the left 🤣
Spoiler alert, nobody does. The current model of that guy vs these guys is fucking ridiculous. We still conduct government the same way they did when we wrote with feathers and the horse was everyone’s primary method of transport. For anything like this to work the government would need to go open source, and that’s never happening.
Like how do we even build that fuching thing. The equipment to build this must be bloody enormous!
Dumb laws enacted by dumb fucks. Quelle surprise.
Well this was just awesome to read today.
Wow, the thief even smashed the plant over the dogs head before narrowly escaping! At least that’s the story I’m imaging he’s saying right now.
You: I'ma get your toes! Pitloaf: NOPE! -This dog probably
Kids probably 11 and is already losing their hair haha. This time I'm going to make it impossible for grandma to miss! Grandma calls 3 weeks later. How do I get to the screen that shows the internet?
*Looks at slingshot gifted by my grandfather* Global News: Slingshots now deemed illegal as new evidence suggests hunter gatherer used similar weapons in territory disputes. Think of the kids.
Two days later and that's what you come back with? You're really not helping my point here are you?
I never asked for help until it was two years past my limit. When I brought it up to my wife that I wasn't feeling well, I was given the same advice everyone else does. Just go to the gym twice each day for 6 months straight, find a higher paying job with triple the vacation time, and become a celebrity chef with your own cooking show in your spare time travelling the world and doing interviews on the Ellen show. I'm sure you will feel better after doing that for several years, the mood will follow. Finally had enough and got myself some medication and a great therapist, but it's interesting how my strong character in the past prevented those around me from helping. I really did have to pull myself out of the pit and people don't understand how much of a mental health toll it takes on you. If a guy says he's not feeling great despite never having mental health issues in the past, don't watch him slowly crumble in a pit for a few years before he eventually finds his own way out. He won't be the same as when he went in.
Oh, you think her neck was fine after eating desk, and that she'll walk again! Well that's good news at least!
I think I am the millionth person in here to say your Instagram is fucking incredible, but uh.....your Instagram is fucking incredible.
Unhealthy food will make you skinny as it has less nutrients. Pizza diets for all!!! I’d also make sure Betty White lives forever obviously.
We took our hairless cat into a store recently, and the second we entered a paint aisle without skipping a beat some Dad asked if we were getting her a new coat. You just can’t escape the Dad jokes! :D
My gawd I want to grow some GSC so bad. I really hope there are some seeds kicking around when my plants are done. My favorite bud on Earth hands down.
Smart really. If you hit a snag along the way and need to ask for more money, the client has to agree since you already have half of whatever it is you're building completed.
You know when I was a kid some guys would have these great big things that went CRRRHHHGGG CLAHHNGG as they went down the road. I loved it! Jay essentially just repeats lines similar to this, and it's exactly what I'm thinking as I watch the show. He has that odd childhood passion for cars some of us have that sticks with you for life. We honestly couldn't actually tell you why the sound of a 90's Cummins Diesel triples your sperm count, but it has been scientifically proven by some guy on the internet, so you know it's real! Honestly a cold 12 valve starting in the winter gives me chills. [Even just the turbo spool combined with mid-range sound is incredible.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R68ysECmlGE) Probably not the sub to post this in, but if it matters I don't own a Diesel coal roller and I get my kicks off watching old YouTube videos while actively saving for a Tesla.
But here's the problem, these guys have many projects on the go. Would suck for that company to pull out of all the half complete projects around the country. Especially since it would mean terrible media exposure and a monster mess to clean up. Better just to pay a little bit more and save the hassle, unfortunately. This is why the best argument I can come up with is going open source with the government. Allow everyone to access all of our internal operational information that doesn't compromise national security, and allow the scrutiny of the world and media to pick apart sloppy planning and execution. Make everyone accountable and a lot of the problems would go away overnight. Of course that's a pipe dream and not based on any reality :)
I've taken a picture of the broken fare machines on my phone and just boarded the train before where I live. I figure if anyone stops me and I explain the situation, they would be reasonable. I live in Canada though so chances are the cop is my snowmobiling buddy anyway.
It's hilarious lawyers get paid a shit ton of money to write a contract that says, "Um....we can also like...change the rules whenever so uh......there it's official or something". Obviously any judge with half a brain would look at that and ask them if they had consumed any methamphetamine prior to writing said contract.
I agree entirely. But what do you do? I haven't purchased a microtransaction for any game my entire life. Yet every year more and more microtransaction engines with game-like mechanics keep launching. The industry makes an ass ton of money off it. Until the profiteering of child gambling is deemed illegal, it will continue to get worse.
Spent a few years in oil and gas operating heavy machinery. I do love hearing a Kubota choke to life at -35C without wind chill. Especially since it meant my cab would be warming up, where I would watch the crew work from. It's funny how easy it was to get certified to operate the machinery, yet nobody has the courage to even try. You know some of that shit even has satellite radio? Up in Inuvik the sun would stay up 24 hours a day, and it would never drop below mid 30C. That's what the news report told me from inside my air conditioned cab anyway. You should have seen how sweaty my poor colleagues were. It looked very uncomfortable :D
When I worked at EA back in '08, we were pushed to include microtransactions in all of our titles. The designs for them would be included in the original brainstorming sessions before we even started developing the title. I'm not entirely sure this is a problem that's fizzling out. Microtransactions are skins today. But you can damn well be sure if those were to dry up, teams and teams of designers around the world will find new sources for microtransactions. It's literally their job sadly :(
Pretty hard to enforce a contract if the company no longer exists. This happens here all the time. Heck, a fingerjointing mill I used to work at went bankrupt, didn't pay the employees out months of wages we were owed, and the owners had already siphoned millions out and started another mill in the same province before the courts had even come in to liquidate the old mill. I later found out they had done it once before that as well. Somehow this shit keeps happening here, and businesses aren't held accountable like they might have you believe.
&gt; one of the major facets as to why it failed is because of the fact that you don't own the games. The issue is, an 11 yr old is not thinking of what it means to own a license to something. A lot of people buying items also do so knowing full well they are one use only, or are not permanent. The telemetry behind this stuff is incredibly scary. When I was a Producer working at Microsoft, one of the digital media apps I managed offered videos to customers. What wasn't made evident by the design is that you were not renting said video, you were in fact buying a license to it and could come back and watch it whenever. Nobody came back and watched them again as they didn't know they could unless they tried, and when the app was shut down and hundreds of thousands of people lost the ability to access all of the content they purchased, not a single complaint was heard and that was going back over 5 years ago. People will continue to throw money at this as long as you can coat it with pretty lights. It's one of the few times where we need to come together as a society and discuss how we want to proceed. Do we want to let it roll out and see what kids today grow up like? Who knows.
Absolutely. We would hunt that dictator down with our incredible law enforcement, and make him sit in a healing lodge and think about what he did for at least 45 minutes! I mean we're still going to bring him Timbits because we're not savages, but they won't be fresh! Not because we bought fresh Timbits and waited for them to go stale mind you, but rather because you'd be fucked trying to find a god damn Timmies that makes fresh pastries around here!
Remember when cigarette companies used to market to kids via cartoons and sunday morning comic strips? Yeah, lets blame the parents for letting their kids smoke when they are at school, or hiding in the bushes at a friends house, smoking cigarettes. Tobacco companies you're cool though, keep those campaign donations rolling in and we good!
I disagree with the entirety of this comment. I can’t find a single thing worth saving to be honest. I can’t fathom your thinking here.
Did you forget why they removed the loot crates? It wasn’t their choice. Some countries (looking at you Belgium) have their shit together and have forced some hands.
I ignored it because it’s not a question. You’re baiting me by producing two shitty options, hoping I’m stupid enough to choose one. Your comment also implies comic strips were not a very relevant form of paid marketing to kids several decades ago before the internet. It’s ridiculous and almost insulting.
As part of a much wider plan, obviously any content consumed by a developing brain should be vetted. Again I don’t understand the point we are trying to arrive at here.
Honestly If I was forced to eat stale Timbits I might confess to crimes I never committed just to have it end.
I might have made the world a little worse, but I fought to prevent it. You on the other hand make the world a little worse just by being present, congratulations 🎊🎉
Almost as if we have programmed a generational cash cow or something, eh?
Woah! Looks totally different from my [3 purple kush girls.](https://i.imgur.com/Dnh1GTH.jpg)
Nah, just that one girl was a photo and not an auto. I bought 20 seeds from farmers lab and only 3 germinated in a paper towel. One also happens to be a photo and I’ve let her veg out.
I do stretch my plants, yes. I'm not talking about the plant structure though. My leaves have purple tips on them as well. I haven't seen a single PK like these, which makes sense because these were some terrible seeds from a sloppy supplier. I just figured the purple leaf outline was a strain feature that I find beautiful.
Yeah the two girls on the right after starting to fade, as they come to the end of flower. The big girl has nice green leaves. It's just when I take a shot from the bottom looking up that the light makes them look like this. Shooting from the [top down looks much better.](https://i.imgur.com/6JFycPd.jpg) So you mentioned dropping the temperature near the end of flower. I'm sitting at 24-25C right now. Would you recommend dropping a few degrees from there?
Nice! Thanks for the tips! This big girl could be a bit deficient. I’ve increased her feed schedule to every 3 weeks as opposed to 4 with the Gaia green, just because I figured she would be hungry. Hopefully it’s not too bad, but I can probably just increase the feed a bit to be safe.
Thanks! I'm actually growing in 100% coco coir so it's awesome to hear you recommend that! I only feed every 3-4 weeks with organic Gaia Green as per the instructions. Is it better to feed daily do you think? I'm following a YouTubers steps so I am still very new in this hobby lol.
So as a guy whom has had the flu shot every year for at least 20 years, does this means I'm going to be the lone survivor wandering the wastelands with my dog? Just trying to figure out if I should reinstall Fallout 4 and brush up or not.
You're not the same person at the end of the day as you were when you woke up. -Bullshit Instagram quote or something...
Alright, down the rabbit hole I go! And yes, I do premix my Coco with nutes, and top dress every 3-4 weeks like [this guy.](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtU2-cpxx18iQ4BvracrxDQ/videos) I'm just going through the site you linked now, so thanks for sending that over!
Aaaaand off I go again! Time to brew my first tea. Thanks for your advice!
Thanks again! God I feel dumb now. Oh well, better to learn now while I still have big buds on the plants, and not when they are dead laying on their sides one day :D
Wow, I honestly don't understand how my plants made it this far without calcium and magnesium supplements after having read all of that info. Fuck sakes. Well, thanks for learning me things and stuff! I just chopped down the small girl as her trichs were turning amber this morning, but maybe there's still time to recover the big photo girl! I will also supplement the other one, but she's mid-flower and according to the info on that site, once they start degrading it's a downhill battle from there on out haha. Thanks man, really appreciate it.
Jesus. PH at 5.8? The YouTuber I follow says 6.5-6.8 for coco so that's what I've been doing. Honestly how the shit are these plants alive right now? They should call them weeds or something :D Sigh, well I did just water but you can't really overwater coco soooo guess whose about to re-water! Amazon says the calmag will be here tomorrow too. I can't find my bone meal and to be honest I want something with a faster delivery mechanism anyway so the calmag should be good! Thanks to all of this info you have sent me today, I'm might be more excited for my second grow than I was for my first, if that's possible haha. I guess I can technically focus that towards grow 1.5 with that photo period plant that is waiting on the bench.
But then you miss out on that morning smoke with coffee while reading the news. 🔥🌲🤢💨
It makes so much sense since the YouTuber Matt got all of his knowledge in growing in soil years ago. He's newish to the coco scene so it makes sense his plans are still evolving, as now mine are haha.
Holy shit balls she's frosty. You might want to book a week off work before you try smoking that bloody thing haha. Oh and adult diapers. Just trust me.
It actually 10 years. Stores are not allowed to sell tires that are older than 5 years as new, and you cannot install anything older than 10 years old for a customer, regardless of whether they brought their own tires in or not.
I just sent you a much bigger reply, but they have had their first cal-mag feeding this morning, so I should hopefully see some results like you said within the next 24 hours! I have also watered at 5.8 pH since we last spoke, so they are probably already feeling happy with those changes alone. It did mean that I technically watered a littler early this morning as the pots were not light enough, but I weighed the options and felt that giving them the cal-mag solution out weighed the cons of over watering once. Since I am in 100% coco they should be just fine from what I have been reading on that site you linked!
Yeah my photo period has technically been vegging for about 60 days longer than she should have haha. I water her probably once a day where my other plants were maybe going 1.5 - 2 days between watering. I'm a little concerned she is going to be squeezing her roots in that 3 gal fabric pot, but in my defence I thought she was an auto and that she would be almost finished by now :D
Granite if they included a couple pictures it wouldn't hurt.
Uh oh... I am rocking 2 x Mars Hydro TSW 2000's in my 4x4 tent. Should I be looking for new lights? I bought them off Amazon :(
One way to identify if she's phosphorus deficient, is by looking at the spots on her leaves. Being as she's mid flower, it could be plausible.
I’ve chopped her down once and will do it again before I flower her. She’s a crazy stretcher! Thanks man!
Thanks man! I decided for my first grow I didn’t want to fuck around with pests. Good airflow apparently helps a lot with that so I went HAM haha. I have 2 more up top cooling the lights too, along with a carbon filter.
That’s correct they do not oscillate. I also have them all on low 😁
I am running 2 x Mars Hydro TSW 2000’s.
My tent stays nice and cool but I have lots of airflow. The light fixtures stay surprising cool for being actively cooled, but I also installed 5 aluminum heat sinks built for PC components on the drivers just because. I figured it couldn’t hurt.
I found them at the local gardening store! They are just a planter stand :)
I was just telling my wife today, I wish they had a cheaper FWD option. It would be perfect for us Canucks in the snow. When I don't need to take my 4x4 out, our little cars with FWD, good tires, and sand bags in the back have always done well. Plus we are already satisfied with our Chevy Sonic's acceleration, so a single FWD motor would still be a massive upgrade.
I don't think so, but I can't remember. If I did it wasn't for any significant distance, as I usually only pull them from my lift back out to the parking lot. Once I did some donuts in the parking lot but that was at the request of the customer after having smoked a cement island. I performed an inspection and a few simple checks and deemed it fine, but they asked me to do some higher speed figure eights in our parking lot and I mean..... who is going to say no to a customer asking you to thrash their car? I was gentle, but did just enough to make them feel confident in their car again :)
Haha. So I decided against oscillating fans a long time ago, as I didn't want something that could potentially swing into my canopy since I plan on packing this tent with my next grow. I decided more fans creating a cylindrical air funnel in my tent would be better. I don't know if it truly is better, but the tent has excellent airflow and temps are always stable so I figured it must be working.
Yummy! You've still got plenty of time before she gets the chop, you should think about cleaning up the bottom a bit! Anything you can do to help airflow :D
That's what I thought. I have an '07 Ford Ranger 4x4, and when it's in 2WD the ass end swings out bloody everywhere. Meanwhile in our little Sonic with good winter tires, the ass end obviously doesn't swing out without the e-brake, as the front wheels just pull you wherever you want to go automagically. I would have thought Tesla would have saw more value in offering a FWD over RWD in the Model 3's, being as it was marketed as a family sedan.
Haha, yeah I made sure to go big. I just turn them down when they are young to keep them from burning. I’ve also still got another foot or so I can raise my lights should it get too much. I’m actually going to angle both lights on the single photo period when I’m ready to flower her! It should be fun! I’ve also got a lux meter I use to make sure I’m in a good range for growth 😁
I am absolutely loving them, but have only chopped one girl down with them so far. I’m literally vaping her now and she’s the best god damn bud I’ve ever had that isn’t Girl Scout cookies. The lights haven’t skipped a beat for me so I would definitely recommend grabbing a second. That said, it might be worth checking out the DIY scene too. I hear the components are cheap and easy to build, so could be worth looking into!
Oh yeah, we definitely need to see comparison shots often. I love science experiments!
Ahahahahahaha! Like what the fuck is that thing? Looks like a bloody toadstool, it’s huge! Do you charge it rent? Does it have a drivers license?
Photo period plants can re-veg. It’s probably not worth the effort though.
It’s true but I talk to my girls and care for them. I think about the fact that they got to live an incredible life before serving the very purpose they were designed for. They would thank you if they could for the love and care. Imagine living outside under a shitty pine tree your entire life 😂
I have a cheap webcam in my tent. Might be a good idea if you can reach Wifi from where it is. It's a great way to monitor my temps, humidity, and general on fireness of my fans should it occur.
Just because it's not oscillating doesn't mean it's not still providing air flow! I'm using a Wyze camera with night vision as well, but really that's not needed. You could probably grab a cheap one just to keep an eye on it! If nothing else it's fun to pull out your phone and look at your grow in real time anywhere on the planet.
My 1080ti died right after Red Dead 2 launched. I feel your pain :( I threw my backup GTX 980 in there but haven’t bothered firing up Red Dead since. If it was able to bring my 1080ti to its knees and kill it, this 980 wouldn’t stand a chance haha.
This is typical behavior for some gyms here in Canada. I had to relocate very fast for work once, and forgot to cancel my gym membership. They wouldn't let me do it over the phone as they said it was their policy to do it in person. I was barely on the same continent, so ended up putting a stop payment on my bank account and told them to eat a bag of dicks. Now I have a small but effective gym in my basement that has zero contracts! Fuck the exercise mafia.
I put little hydrometers in each jar so I know when to burp them. This should in theory removed the issue of jarring early/late as they are breathing when they need to, right? Or am I totally off my rocker? My first grow has been in my drying room for 4 days now so your comment has me a little concerned haha.
I'm guessing for ease since I heard it makes it much more simple to trim. I keep my RH and temps in my drying room almost perfect, so I'm going to try a little experiment with the girl I hack down next. Theoretically if I keep the environment ideal, they should still cure in the ideal amount of time. Only difference is they will not have the sugars available in the leaves to continue to breakdown enzymes. How much of a difference it makes, I guess I will find out haha. Why did I not find science interesting until after school? Oh right...girls.
I'm just learning about this with my first grow. My wife walked into my man cave yesterday morning and I was singing quietly in the garden. I'm a pretty muscular guy with a thick beard who likes trucks, motorcycles, and the typical guy shit. She walks in with a big smile and mentions she loves seeing me happy in the garden. Imagine for a second if a dude walked in on that? I'm not sure I would be greeted with the same reaction :D
OP: Where the fuck did my lunch meat go? You guys know that's for my work lunches! Voice: I dunno! OP: Huh, weird. Oh well... *Looks around, and see's the only object present is the plant conveniently in the corner the voice just came from.*
This is my 1st grow, and I popped the seeds from Farmers Lab Seeds as Purple Kush autoflowers. Roughly 10 seeds didn't even pop after sitting in water, and of the 3 that did, one is a photo period plant. I find it neat to compare how the plant has naturally grown without any LST, as they clearly have two very different missions! Hope you enjoy :)
I have hacked her down once and will have to do it again :( I've also got another foot or so I can raise my light, but yeah it's not ideal. I thought she was an auto and well, didn't trust my noob gut 4 weeks earlier when I had some suspicions. I mean what a dumb ass I was. One of her sisters is already drying :D
You da man! 👊
I actually only just pruned the bottoms a few days ago as they were fading due to not enough light penetration. They stretched because I stretched them on purpose :) I’ve got another 1.5 ft of room to grow in this tent, and haven’t even put the 2 ft extension on the tent yet!
This is the plan! I wanted to finish the autos before dealing with this girl. It’s going to be challenging but worth it :)
Thanks! 😁
This was done on purpose, but thanks for looking out man!
I had little fly like dudes in my coco fresh from the bag as well that disappeared pretty quickly, in my clean tent environment. From the info I found, that is typical and they usually die out pretty fast. I have a shit ton of fans in my tent, as apparently they cannot fly to reproduce in a windy environment either :D
Good to hear! I bought a couple TSW 2000's for my 4x4 tent and am liking them so far, but someone recently said lights purchased from Amazon are shit. I'm fairly confident they were just making a general statement, but at the same time I haven't seen a lot of people using these yet.
Sushi boy!
Good man! Rub their nose in it if that's what it takes. You can't stand for one thing and practice another. Especially when it's peoples lives you're playing with.
[Ninja used sternum kick, it's super effective.](https://media1.giphy.com/media/l46Cf8O3hQqzDq1Gg/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47277870338136c9d56dc1c163a52b9edf6fbea814&amp;rid=giphy.gif)
&gt; A directive issued by Jeff Carr, the Minister of Department of Environment and Local Government in New Brunswick on May 17, 2019, limits indoor cannabis production to industrial zones. Here's his e-mail address: Jeff.Carr@gnb.ca. I write MP's across Canada all the time. My opinion, be polite but also give him the facts as to why this change just makes it difficult for legal operations to performs certain procedures. Usually someone from their team passes these e-mails on, and occasionally they will even pass it along to someone up the ladder, so don't write a profanity riddled mess unless you want it junked.
No, it was built perfectly straight. When the building was young and first being built, it was a cloudy summer so it only had sun for short bursts causing it to stretch like this. It's fine though because with the wind it gets, the foundation would have stiffened up so it can support itself.
Windows 95 3D Maze Screensaver was mine. That and Encarta 95 were all a kid needed for a good time. One of Dad's skin mags under your mattress was just a bonus.
Looks like dank weed.
Meanwhile my mother-in-law doesn’t think the knowledge transfers over at all somehow. Every time she comes over, she’s always telling me about what I should do differently in the back yard. Like, I love that you kept that fake plant alive for 15 years on your table, but I got this. I promise 😂
I've worked two separate jobs in Canada that had 4 day work weeks. It's amazing in the summer for camping and doing any errands you have to do during the week while everything is open. You don't even notice the extra 2 hours at work either, as the difference between 10 and 8 hours in a day is minimal. The first employer I worked at was great, because you could sign up for a 5th shift and make some extra money if needed.
&gt; Vancouver council votes on topic they are neither qualified nor educated on.
It's scary when you find yourself agreeing with Ford more and more often during a pandemic. Like, why is this guy the seemingly normal one all of a sudden?
r/MomForAMinute/
If you don't know this song, you need to figure out what the fuck you're even doing with your life.
Facebook is leaking.
It's been a while, but I'm fairly certain the rear bearing is the most widely reported wear item on this bike. It wears out at high mileages as you've found, but other than that it's a Honda. If you want to bury it, then dig it up in 50 years to go for a ride, you can.
Brave lads. I wish we could tell them it was the last time, but I have a feeling I'll be slapping on some boots soon to go smash some filthy CCP pricks.
That's a quality bromance. You sure as shit wouldn't catch me chirping at a guy that large, unless I knew he wouldn't eat me.
This is what I'm thinking. I bet if we could talk to the Chinese people directly, we could convince them to help us give the CCP the boot, and give them the keys back. Only condition is that they have to hold a fair election and let the people elect a new leader within a year, and if the UN feels the election was rigged we will come back and open another can of whoop ass. You could probably even get a large portion of actual CCP employees to step aside, as I imagine a lot of them are only working for the CCP as they are scared or being pressured.
The key is to leave afterwards, and not keep the region unstable through gun sales etc...
That’s a lot of assumptions you have, considering how HK and Taiwan have acted lately. So to summarize, you’re saying if the CCP fell, the entire country would kill themselves in an all out war? Oh and one final question, where do you live, and have you ever been to China?
Well fuck, maybe don't transport over 1700 pounds of marijuana on one truck bud :D Like, how fucking large of a bale is 1700 pounds of weed? I grow my own and the most I've ever had at a time was a single pound, and it filled a ton of jars. Was this like a shipping container stuffed to the edge with a bale, hahahaha! I'm fucking dying here!!!!!
You know, except the whole dying while choking on his own vomit thing. Other than that...
We had an old family friend who essentially lost most of his ability to get around, and his wife had to do it all. He told her she didn’t deserve that and literally refused to eat that day. Within a few days he was gone. The mind is a powerful thing.
Well I sure am one shocked pikachu. Can someone explain to me like I'm 5, why people aren't interested in paying more for shit weed, with the added risk of potentially not being to enter the US if you used a credit card? Why is it people would rather have a better product for cheaper, privately shipped to their door? /s....just incase.
&gt; Cormack said she's stepping down for "personal reasons" in a news release. &gt; That location has recorded 23 deaths and at least 83 positive cases of COVID-19 among residents during its outbreak. A man living at the facility also recently died of exhaustion caused by malnutrition. So she's also killing people by not feeding them, but she's allowed to just leave for "personal reasons"? Sounds like the court system needs to go after her for "personal reasons". Wonder how much she got paid while those in her care died of disease and malnutrition? Probably lots, right?
Hahaha, yeah us poor white folk. We’ve sure had it rough throughout history. /s
Vancouver has a huge 3 piece Terry Fox statue already though. Are you saying you want some more?
Alternative title: Doctor delivers healthy baby black hole.
Ireland is hilarious. I was there on vacation a few years back, and some dude gets onto the train in Dublin with a full open can of beer. Two police told him he couldn't ride the train with the beer, so he says one sec, and the two cops calmly watched as he pounded the entire can before handing them the empty and saying thanks. They weren't even mad :D Dublin was an amazing place to visit, but that single memory will probably stick with me for life haha.
Okay now I'm curious. Where do you live, where white people are having it hard right now? And we're not counting the Starbucks moving locations near you as a life altering event.
So.... nothing to do with suppressing the white race at all. Serbs make up 83% of the population there. Are you saying the huge ethnic majority there is being suppressed racially by the 3.5% Hungarian population :D That's fucking hilarious.
That cargo capacity though. I can’t carry a wet fart in a Tacoma.
Ours started with hair elastics too! Although I shouldn't have taught her that, because now she actively tries to steal them from my wife's hair, and we always have a shortage of hair elastics now. Well, until you move some furniture and find them all again :D One thing I'd say is try avoiding those rubber ones. They love them and will eventually chew them into little bits and swallow them. These cats I tell ya......
And as good as Tacoma's are, they aren't worth the price new or used. I got an '07 4.0L Manual 4x4 Ranger for free from a guy he abandoned in a field because he bought a new F-150. It fired up instantly and has been my daily driver for 2 years now. Try finding a Tacoma for under $15K let alone free that isn't a completely ragged out piece of shit.
&gt; The outbreak has been linked to imported salmon after the chairman of the Xinfadi market said the cases had been traced back to a chopping board used by a seller of the imported seafood. Alien 1: How did all the humans die? Alien 2: A cutting board killed them all.
Ahahaha! Bro, there isn't even evidence of intelligent life on our own planet. Lets focus on not killing ourselves before we worry about how many intelligent civilizations could live in this galaxy.
That thunk from the frying pan :D
We should make companies build one solar panel for every gallon of oil spilled. A few spills later, and they will fund the world's switch over to sustainable energy :D
With the added exception of actually being back at work. My industry slowed down to a crawl during this, so there's no job to go back to and subsidize right now.
I figured you for a narcissist, looking to get a tear for your sob story. Look, you might be too into yourself to understand this isn't about you, but at any rate I don't care enough to try and educate you.
Absolutely. At this point though I’m sick of reading, and I’m itching to do!
They actually refloated her to assess her, then the decision was made to sink her to Davy Jones locker. &gt; About 145,000 tonnes of iron ore was successfully removed by salvors and the vessel was refloated to assess the ship’s structure, which was deemed a total loss and hence the decision was taken to scuttle her.
Dammit! Now I'm pissed off again that the guy who germinated an Acapulco Gold from 1973 got banned! [Wish this guy would make a new Reddit account!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Frostedfruit/)
Yeah the first thing that I noticed was how similar these look. Such a shame his account was banned :(
There's a lot of details that effect your CPM. For example our channels traffic is female biased, which advertisers pay more for as women make up the majority of online shopping.
Holy hell. That's the same range I get on a full tank of gas... And our car weighs much less than a model S.
Chevy Sonic.
If you really felt my comment was a waste of time, you would have left. Reading it, clicking reply, typing said reply, and sending it only proves even you don’t value your time, thus nothing has really been wasted. So I’m not sure what you’re whining about...
Now imagine being your parents. It’s that times a thousand, at least.
Now imagine what it’s like for us reading your unoriginal drivel? I can almost feel you mouth breathing through the keyboard, it’s disgusting.
If you can't piss with the pups, don't growl at the hounds.
They usually e-mail our business e-mail as others have noted, but occasionally message us on Twitter too. I guess there was also that time my wife contacted a CEO of a company through his mother (not even kidding) and worked out a product sponsorship lol. But I'm not considering that to be a sustainable method of getting sponsorship's, as it really depends on your access to CEO's mommy's, whom also have no regard for handing out their children's phone numbers :D
Honestly no, with the CCP in power. I used to work in production, and the absolute amount of bullshit you have to go through to show stuff there is despicable. We filmed a commercial twice once. One version showed Taiwan as it's own separate country on a world map, with the other version calling it China. Guess which version we had to show in China......
Come on Telus. Do you really need someone else to tell you a state run company that enslaves Muslims in concentration camps is not one you should support, you greedy incompetent lazy dumpster fire of a company.
&gt; 43 soldiers of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) were also killed as a result of the violent face-off. Says some of them died from exposure due to the extreme cold as well.
That's cute, but the only time Siri works for me, is when I say "seriously" and she always pops to life wherever she is.
Cool! Sort of reminds me of what they look like after putting them on the train tracks as a kid. Penny pancakes!
You have to be laughing pretty hard to scare someone else's cat!
Says she spent $21 million alone on bail money for her loser boyfriend. Sounds like there’s a reason she’s mixed up with these kind of people.
He spent decades banging, and then they gave him an island? Where does one sign up for this job?
r/teslamotors
Good. Fuck cancer in it's cancerous ass.
&gt;if Jesus existed. Pretty big if.
I can't even begin to imagine the mountain of money Nintendo has to fight these kinds of cases. Kind of reminds me of Microsoft. They could never sell another product ever again, yet they have so much money and so many patents, they would keep running business as usual.
Me: No. Sphynxy: Okay... I'm coming in anyway though. Me: What did I say? How did you even get in here? Sphynxy: Hi dad! How's it going? You're using the bathroom huh...That's cool, that's cool. So um... do you wanna love me? I'm pretty sure you wanna love me.
I learned this in a very interesting manner. My wife and I were buying a new car, and I kept telling the financing guy the numbers didn't make sense to me. He finally said, "Look, numbers clearly aren't your thing. That's why I'm here". It made me feel a little stupid in front of my wife to be honest, so I shut up and signed the paperwork. They called two days later and said they begged us to come back in to sign a new contract. Turns out the numbers didn't add up, and we ended up getting the car for $1.5K less then we should have. I hope that finance guy didn't have to pay the difference. Numbers clearly aren't his thing ;)
Great, now I am right back where I started, at not knowing which song encompasses Mission to the fullest. [Example 1](https://youtu.be/bMA_iZ7effY) [Example 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2MMwpECO6A)
Ask him why that track isn't available on iTunes or Spotify? It's fucking embarrassing!
Fair enough. He's still active on his YouTube channel, so with any luck maybe he will do another cover of it in a studio, and then he can publish it to iTunes [here.](https://www.apple.com/ca/itunes/working-itunes/sell-content/connect/) EDIT - Also, holy shit really? HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKE!
I can't believe the marketing team thought a woman would be more trusted than a man. It's not like there was another famous example of a man using his oven to do nefarious things oh shit I get it now..... right..... moving on.
&gt;Trump told viewers. "Are these small hands?" Trump then proceeded to defend the size of his genitals from the debate stage. Poor guy needs a therapist and a hug haha. We joke about him a lot, but this is clearly a broken man.
For all the turds piling into the sub, there’s also a ton of new growers, who hit me up a lot with private messages for advice. Those people are the reason I visit this sub. Not the idiots who claim there’s only one way to grow a plant.
Could we not let everyone who isn't a criminal move here, but not allow them to buy property until they have lived here for 5 years? At some point the entire planet is going to have to mix anyway. It would be nice to attract some bright minds this way.
I wish the community could vote a game off the platform. If everyone reviewing it says it’s a piece, the developer should get two weeks to come up with a plan to fix it. If that isn’t met, refunds for everyone and remove it from Steam. You wouldn’t see Chevy allowed to sell a car with no brakes for full price. The courts would make them recall each one.
&gt; IMO, F150 is in very deep trouble. Not by a long shot. Ford services the largest fleet customers in the entire world, offering real-time fleet support to keep businesses rolling 24/7. Tesla could never support massive fleet accounts in their current form. Ford has service centers at the bottom of diamond mines to service work vehicles where every minute of downtime is a fortune. Tesla sometimes gets the gaps right on the panels of their cars.
Absolutely but the reason Ford lost so much money recently was because they completely redesigned their trucks several times back to back with massive RnD spending, while throwing a massive amount of money at electric startups like Rivian. They also simultaneously developed their own prototype electric F-150. If I'm thinking rationally, I actually expect Ford to be one of the companies that survives this. Ram on the other hand is in big trouble. I don't want to see any vehicle manufacturer go under as I am a car nut and love them all, but every Dodge I climb under at work no matter how new has a transmission leak. It used to just be all of their shitty vans that had bad transmissions, but every RAM truck that comes in now has the same issue. When you start dropping the ball on stuff like that, and their torque converter issues, it's not a great sign of where the truck departments at within RAM.
I already answered this so I will paste it again below. &gt; Doesn't matter. I work in an automotive shop that services a lot of fleet vehicles. If a Ford fleet vehicle has an issue, Ford will get that bitch on the road 5 minutes ago, or have a replacement waiting. Fleet accounts could count for 5% of all sales, yet the sheer profit margin on them alone would make up the majority of the business. Companies don't even look at the numbers when the alternative is not operating.
Everyone has been having a hard time in the automotive industry the last couple of years. The issues with China have put a strain on many OEMs and the alternative parts coming from Mexico are not......great...
Sure, that makes sense. All I was responding to was this. &gt; IMO, F150 is in very deep trouble.
They don't use F-150's at the bottom of mines. Not sure why you thought that was the case, haha. Or are you not aware that vehicle manufacturers also create mining equipment, and service that equipment as well? Because that would imply you strolled in here like you had a clue as to what you were talking about, when the reality was you're just a one legged man in an ass kicking contest.
As a former Executive Producer at Microsoft, if you think companies look at numbers, you're drunk. I've seen millions disappear without a trace, and we didn't even know until another company pointed out my boss embezzled millions from the company over the years. Not a single person at MS knew, it was just on good faith from a partner we even found out.
Totally, thus why I choose my words carefully, and included this disclaimer in the original comment. &gt; Tesla could never support massive fleet accounts in their current form.
&gt; Tesla already manages the biggest fleet - it’s called their ENTIRE FUCKING PRODUCT LINE that’s been shipped so far. Not comparable to the massive work fleet market that relies on these vehicles 24/7 for business. Invalid. &gt; The amount of road data Tesla is harvesting its mind boggling, and everyone continues to ignore it, but EVERY FUCKING TESLA MODEL 3 IS BASICALLY A SLIGHTLY INFERIOR APPLE OR GOOGLE MAPPING VEHICLE. Not valid for the massive work fleet sector that uses these vehicles in environments and scenarios where this would apply. Tesla's are also currently not allowed in most of the major secure facilities I have worked in, due to their video recording capabilities. Invalid. &gt; Musk is going to be working on removing the driver from your fleet vehicles so your business can reduce employee costs which usually make up the majority of business expenses. Does not apply to the massive fleet market that uses their work equipment in scenarios where a human is needed. You will never see a Tesla loader operating in tight spaces around humans in a unique environment, no matter how much you want to believe. Invalid. I do not see a single supporting argument here as to why the F-150 is in deep trouble. Which was the comment I was responding too.
West coast of Canada.
I mean, you have to see the irony here. Even you yourself mention Ford in the fleet space. Tesla has been making cars since 2012, yet I have never worked on a Tesla fleet vehicle. Fords/GM/RAM/BMW/etc, yet not a single Tesla. Huh.... tell me more about how Tesla could totally support global fleet customers based on what they have today, despite having captured 0.00001% of that market so far?
And all of that is fantastic, but have you considered how many years we are away from having more Cybertrucks on the road than Ford? Like, that doesn't even happen this decade. So my point still firmly stands.
Neither. I used them as dailies and neither can hold up to the usage. One on my PAX 2's gave a friend of mine a mouth full of burnt plastic, when the oven ran away and didn't stop heating up. 3 replacements later, I use a Mighty and constantly buy replacement chargers as those don't stand up to daily use either!
It’s mostly just sugar. Nothing psychoactive in that.
Math wasn’t really your thing in school was it, hehe. Read the comment above again, and this time really work through those numbers slowly. You’d be surprised at how meth you would have to do, in order to arrive at the percentage you did. It’s so wrong, I’m actually curious to hear how you calculated it 😂
So, when you read the article, did you actually comprehend it? For example, there were some people who dropped their pardon all together, or didn't fill it out properly. This time, really take your time when you go through it. Try your best!
With a bunch that didn't fill out the form properly, or gave up on it entirely. Sounds like those numbers are skewed to fit a narrative that doesn't match the picture. Hmm.
I guess that's a sentence? Man I wish kids were back in school. We are really creating some special folks these days. EDIT - Nvm. Looked at his post history. This was his best attempt at communicating :D
&gt; Clearly you understand the nuances of marginalized people on the edge of society. A group notorious for the paperwork skills since it is something they do everyday on the streets or in prison. Not my problem. I was pointing out it's not as cut and dry as OP was selling it. He was making it sound like the Government was the only reason these people were not pardoned, then used a country that has not legalized marijuana as an example of how we should do it... &gt; I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that the majority of them aren't even aware the program exists or are completely misinformed, nevermind unable to access the paperwork in the first place. This doesn't make any sense. How would people whom filled out this paperwork not know it exists? Did an alien land from Mars and start filling the paperwork out for them, before they fucked off home? &gt; I really wonder what the numbers are regarding indigenous cannabis incarcerations because I'm willing to bet they make up a disproportionate number of eligible people. Not related. They have a separate court system just for them, to work through the pardoning details. A judge can approve a pardon very easily.
That's a conveniently easy way to say I'm clearly over my head :) The lack of a single response to my legitimate statements, followed by the attempt to appear superior is a dead giveaway. Enjoy your continued existence of reading yet not comprehending news for the rest of your life.
Nice evade, good lord.
I wonder why they're not operating on the North side of the Fraser? Great news either way. The taxi mafia is spiraling the bowl, and not a single tear was shed from their customer base, excluding tears of joy!
Looks more like Camboo. (Cannabis Bamboo)
Depends a lot on what you do, and your coworkers. When I was a PM, working from home was better for me as there were no distractions in my office, other than the cat. Now that I work on vehicles, I miss going to work and screaming at a customers old shitty Dodge on the lift, after breaking every rusted piece of shit bolt off of it.
Did that fit include an overly dramatic long meow, as if extending it by several seconds with a bit more tude was all the situation required.
Humphrey the Humpback.
She just wants to make sure when Man-Child services comes by, that there's evidence she's feeding you. Doesn't want to lose you in a custody battle with your mommy :D
&gt; RPCS3 is still struggling with Red Dead Redemption, crashing often and dipping below 15 FPS. That sounds like how RDR ran on the PS3 natively :D
She told him she would leave if he bought a Tesla. He loves his P100D though :D
Jokes aside, if someone needs a warning light on their dash for a brake caliper seizing up, they should hand in their license. If you try and move your car and it feels like the brakes are on, there's a good chance they are haha. This is the most common type of brake failure, with fading or overheating coming in second.
Holy shit! That could keep me nice and toasty for at least a weekend :D
The crazy part is they might be only a couple years away from having 6 generations in one video. Imagine seeing your great great great grandma alive....
It's funny the types of Canadians we have. My wife and I are looking at selling our house near Vancouver when we retire to move farther North for better ice fishing and snow mobiling!
&gt; The investigation found the employee was splitting transactions to avoid hitting the maximum $10,000-per-transaction that can go on a card and to "get under the threshold which competitive procurement process needs to be followed." Why did the police chief have a credit card directly linked to the public's tax money is my question? Do we not have financial departments for procurement, etc.?
This is not even remotely related to being able to buy just under $10K worth of shit a day, without raising any red flags. He was doing this for a while, even after he got called out the first time for the shotgun purchase.
Wow, 46 is incredibly low. That's only just over double what the leader of the American people has.
Hahaha! Wait until you buy a vehicle and a house...
I'd bury that joint in some soil and water her. She deserve's to grow into a big healthy monster now!
I'm not sure 240 acres of forest is a great investment in California right now, given the fact it seems to be burning to the ground every year. But the fact he was able to purchase that for only $45K in '68 is still mind boggling. I was able to buy a cat piss destroyed house on a postage stamp lot of grass and a dirt driveway for over half a million dollars more than he paid... fuck me...
The water is too low, we're cold!
I live 10 minutes from 3 lakes, in the middle of a rain forest. I know what I'm doing, but... thanks I guess?
So what do you recommend, a 3 hour drive each way to work? Lol.
Cool! I’ll just quit my career in automotive working on cars, and move to an uninhabited island and get a remote job! /s
I'm not interested in working at a dinky shop in a middle of nowhere town. This house will easily sell for over a million with the work I've done to it, but thanks!
Nothing screams unity like a 597ft statue of a single person...
When it dries out, you will have a nice kebab stick.
I actually started growing my own last year because I was so displeased with the end cost and quality of the dried scrotal dust they sell.
Incredibly easy with all the info out there. My wife and I go through a couple ounces a week now, and it costs us less than $1/day for the ongoing costs of top shelf weed. I'm definitely in the top 3 cannabis dealers I've ever had!
Technically mine is illegal as well, since I'm growing Mephisto seeds and not ones acquired from the Gubermint. That said, they would have to smoke my grow in order to tell it's no theirs, and I'm pretty sure I could convince them to drop all charges while we are passing around my Forum Stomper if I threw them a bag :D
