All I need is a shiny Dratini and Bulbasaur. I’ve gotten every shiny(some multiple) BESIDES those. Come on RNG be my friend today and tomorrow.
Got a Dratini, 2 Charmanders, a bulbasaur, like 4 Pikas, 2 Eevees,2 Larvitars, no Beldums yet, but I did find a shiny Caterpie so that was cool. Still got the rest of today and till 1 am tomorrow so hopefully I can get some more.
I’d really like to read the entire article but the website keeps pushing me back to the top.
In between these comments he’s been cut and re-signed again.
Don’t you think someone on the Saints sideline would have noticed if it was someone they didn’t already know was going to be there?
Ohio state almost lost to Maryland, and lost to Purdue, if we’re playing that game.
I’m on the Narwhal app and that isn’t available, I could just open it in safari too though. Thanks for the suggestion.
Why don’t we just interview Jeff Fisher then while we’re at it?
I disagree.
What the frick is that?!
Wouldn’t it be weird if they made the unit that was on the field for the score do the conversion/kick?
His form is perfect, He’s like Jerry Rice. Feel that stride, so fluid and fast. He’s got the stride of a gazelle. A beautiful, beautiful gazelle person. His body is achieving a perfect symmetry right now. It's that long, lean muscle he’s worked so hard to achieve. Hm, he should've popped his shirt off. Goddammit, really should've popped that shirt off. He wonders if Gisele is watching from the sidelines...
People can appreciate what he did but also think a change is needed.
Hopefully not before the last round, he’s not going to be the lead back so...
Jesus are they not calling false start anymore?
I mean he literally was ‘the chosen one’ in his first run. He’s only gotten *more* in tune with what they want..so he’s even more chosen!
Ankle I think?
Which is more serious, a head injury or a foot injury?
It’s like in South Park when the kids tried to lose the little league games so they didn’t have to keep playing.
Okay you don’t have all the details.
My mew is 69% so any IV help would be...helpful.
Obviously someone cares if they made a post, wouldn’t you say?
That’s what happens when you put all your focus on one person, if that doesn’t work, everything else goes to shit. Also, OP, you think they have things planned out that far in advance?
‘We wish Nia Jax(the rocks cousin) all the best in her future endeavors.’
Holy shit again? Why?
Well Aquaman had the highest opening weekend of all time, and it’s generally well regarded. But it also starred Vincent Chase, so who knows.
The referees have a well-documented history of abusive language and inappropriate actions towards the rule book.
Not the first three that you come upon when you’re just starting out. Those can’t be.
Not when you just start out. Those can’t be. I’m talking about RIGHT when you make a new account and the first three Pokémon appear.
So the blonde girl in the MMA horsepeople group looks like a roided up Sweet Dee.
Do we really need to be posting any and all things wrestlers tweet/post on IG?
Z-Pack.
Snip snap snip snap snip snap, you have *no idea* the toll that three ~~vasectomies~~ recanting your previous statements have on a person!
*I never really liked Speak Now* Things I’ve never heard for $500, Alex.
1. Watch on prime. 2. Change audio to ‘Middle English.’ 3. Profit.
Well it would not clutter up bag space so much, I don’t really need 10+ Kings rocks.
Something fake on the internet?! SAY IT AIN’T SO!
Something about you guys playing the Raiders, there is always some fucked finish or the game goes weird.
I thought about that while making my pigskin pick ‘em this week! I was like ‘these games are always close or the Steelers lose, gimme the Raiders!’
That’s cause Kanye is human shit. No real thinking needed there, that’s the answer.
Fuck the zebras and New York!
Boy I hope you’re right.
Now if the NFL would apologize for the many wrong calls we can start getting somewhere.
Often? We’re playing loose with the definition of ‘often’ in this case I think.
What I really want is the ability to get tasks even when your bag is full.
How bad was it that you felt you needed to report it?!
Nothing for me. Yay!
I got nothing but dust. How can you nerf that?! Am I going to only get 250 dust tomorrow?!
To answer your question Netflix, yes, I am, in fact, *ready for it.*
Especially now that they’ve already nerfed the minuscule rewards you get for battling your trainer, it’s already down to 400!
I mean I laughed.
Is it just the prime stream that has that infuriating Katy Perry Alexa commercial?
He probably wasn’t though. He was probably born in the spring or fall.
And we can’t just let the universe fall pray to the graboids! They need to be stopped!
It’s like they tried to find someone who sounded like the old narrator, got close, but a weird offshoot of it. I wonder if the guy was just sick and it’ll be back to normal eventually?
It also sounds like..it’s not as booming. I wonder if they told him to read it differently? That’s what it sounds like to me, the cadence is different and it’s not read with the same gusto.
Yeah but do box sets play the next episode for you? Yes, but you don’t have to change discs at all so that’s a win.
I had them both. Watch White go off cause I was worried which is why I played Miller.
0/3 for sinnoh stones for research and 1/12 for PVP(3 battles per day for about 4 days, it may even be 1/14 or 1/16) and three mid tier articunos for the research rewards?? Fuck you RNG!!
What? Besides the last two seasons we’ve gotten to the playoffs...
They would become my favorite player. Just once...just...once. *Do it!*
Problem is..how are you gonna pull up when he throws the ball? Especially cause like..it wasn’t out until the last millisecond.
Well..I mean it was a special teams turnover..
Also where did OP get it, for science...
/r/pokemongotrades
It might have given you one earlier, I spun and got one around 12ish CST.
*Muh KNEE*
They usually don’t mention that, but it has been every time before that, so my guess is yes.
That’s what we in the business call a ‘fear boner.’
Well they should probably remove that clause.
So much so that it’s my fantasy football team name!
I got the black one, but I wasn’t expecting much, as I only ordered the stocking.
Gone how? Did you have a completed task on the top of your list?
It used to, it doesn’t anymore, but they’re still there. I’ll go double check my own game right now. Edit: just caught the Scyther, went again to the task, it was Aerodactyl, hit ‘run’ went back and it was still Aerodactyl.
Yeah I was thinking ‘bardi’ but I don’t think that would have worked well at all. Edit: Ship it is!
No stone from battling and 0/4 on research rewards. Thanks dick niantic for nerfing the hell out of stones.
Why not just make a separate subreddit for marvel theories? Seeing 700 of them before I find something non-marvel related is grating.
I don’t think that it’s HIPPA because it’s NFL drug tests, they can release whatever they want?
Because it’s not just Gordon who it affects?
Snorunt I’ve caught 2 and checked probably 300. On the flip side I’ve checked about 300 delibird and haven’t caught one. So I guess B?
This may be a dumb question, but on that Macy’s commercial, the Mom was in space and got a Christmas present from the family...either they had to have that with them when they went up or...I don’t know, mail doesn’t go to space, does it?!?
Holy shit really? Good for you Titans! Titan up! You go ~~Glen Coco~~ Tennessee!
Every week I think to myself ‘maybe this week will be different, maybe he won’t slide-,’ and then he slides in.
I wonder if he’s in the Alliance of Magicians.
I assume they did this just to be difficult, but why is the ‘are you sure you want to transfer this event Pokémon’ box *slightly* higher than the ‘are you sure you want to transfer this Pokémon,’ thereby making it impossible to just double click it.
/r/ffbrag
Did anyone else read this in Scott Steiners voice? WHO DO THE NUMBERS SPELL DISASTER AT ~~SACRIFICE~~ THE PLAYOFFS for?!?
I’ve seen 400 and no shiny. I may cry when I actually find one..if I find one.
Brian Kendrick looks like he took a time machine back to when he was about 14 years old! Holy hell!
Of course he kept it front and center, it was a major award!
Not all of them no. I’d say like 85% can be both, roughly.
If only we would have been so lucky.
And people say the police are being militarized. Why do they need so many guns? Good Christ.
You mean undefeated in Super Bowls Blake Bortles!
I just want a damn shiny Delibird, I’ve checked almost 500 already.
Fair, but normally event spawns are slightly boosted, I was thinking it would be somewhere between CD and Pinsir weekend. It was not either of those things.
Same penalty for keeping both? IE is it a ‘what round he was drafted last year’ type thing? If no penalty..I’d go cook. The Vikings want to run the ball and play good D. It’s close though.
Well shit then go Cook.
So can we get the fucking paw prints back already? What are they spending the money on?
I think it’s a movie version of the concert! So you should be all set there!
Tell them you fear for your life and shoot them, that’s what they do!
Oh no poor little referees! They were criticized! The *horror!*
Don’t forget the South Harmon Institute of Technology!
I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news...
It’s annoying cause there’s a little cut into Illinois of yellow, but it’s just that much west of me, and I am stuck with the Mouthbreathing Mannings and the Cowgirls.
Better chance of an upset if there are multiple rounds maybe?
It was at this moment that everyone, male and female, within a 20 mile radius, was impregnated via immaculate tayception.
Maybe they think the alolan one is shiny?
He’s a good guy IRL, but still can’t stand him in character.
Do we know what’s happening with the KC backs? I have them both but I don’t know who would be a better start, one of them, or CJA...
But wait what’s...THAT’S HUE JACKSONS MUSIC!
Tyler Lockett has had a better QB most of the time, and probably still now, although it’s closer than in the past.
Holy shit. I will consider the Rumble nothing but an abysmal failure if we do not see this.
I mean if it gets the briefcase out of Borks hands....
I’m sad that’s not a thing.
[Obligatory double rainbow.](https://youtu.be/OQSNhk5ICTI)
I mean, a lot of doctors cleared Daniel Bryan from head injuries but the WWE doctor wouldn’t, maybe he should try hyperbaric chambers.
So she will literally.... ( •​_•) ( •_​•)&gt;⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) ...phone it in?
He beat up Riddle backstage...I wanna say 2 weeks ago? They ‘made up’ after that.
Sweet Dee on crack has made her entrance!!!
This Shayna thing was old 6 months ago.
Main event* the show.
Boring when it started, boring now. Get that title off of her and send her to main event.
A man?
The crowd does though. She did deserve it!
Written only using natural light?
Is that ref who made the call after the challenge like 5’0”?
Cause the play was onside. Also, seeing other comments it’s because the defensive player played it into the zone. Idk if they said that though.
Woah wait there was no penalty for that trip?
Thank you fellow swiftie you the real MVP!
Welcome to ~~whose line is it anyways~~ WWE/NXT where rules don’t matter and the points are made up.
Not right now anyways, I think his knee is injured. Hopefully he just slips back into NXT with no one noticing.
Hopefully Jenna Fischer’s husband doesn’t leave her at the game if it ends while she’s in the bathroom.
Better than the game tbh.
I mean maybe Trips knows the main roster won’t be good so he’ll keep thinking of excuses why he can’t get called up 😬😬
He had every right, her title reign is shit.
Fuck. The damn Jonas brothers are on. They just started. So what, another hour?
[Oooh whatcha say?](https://youtu.be/AzwKSlZuiac)
Believe that.
Don’t say that, you’ll get banned by the copsucking admins for ‘inciting violence.’
I was watching a Zoëtwodots video on YouTube, or it was Holly, one of them said there wouldn’t be the crystal one.
No. Just no. Shayna should only be called up to Main Event. The show. Not the actual main event.
Chargers because rivers makes me laugh with how goofy he is.
I didn’t even know we were calling him old bear 😭
Do you really think that the Saudis requested Baron Corbin?
I know, what I’m saying is why didn’t they just have Bork cash in at the show because that would probably be a bigger deal than Stomach face v Rollins. Or even Stomach face v Bork.
Three. Not that many in the grand scheme of 45 Roman v drew/Corbin/Elias matches.
Cesaro won one, Ricochet won one, this was the rubber match...3 matches isn’t even that many.
Fuck the people cheering Brock, stop encouraging vince, I hope y’all get rocks in your shoes in a situation where you can’t take them off and get the rocks out.
His twitter profile or whatever was ‘just trying to find my place in this business.’ He’s not in the business.
Has anyone else gotten exactly 0 shinies from the research breakthrough?
Especially cause Bork will fuck off for 4 months.
Because we’ve seen this 100 times already and it’s not being done in an interesting way, but mostly because we’ve seen it 100 times already.
Just curious, which flora tells you that? Also, which flora are you identifying??
I think the person’s girlfriend is talking about how awesome and cute or whatever some dude is, and if he said something even half as complimentary about another woman he would be in a lot of trouble and have to profusely apologize?
I knew this thread would just be bashing ‘stay stay stay,’ I love it, and I’m glad others do too!
It’s not Mandy so I think he’s fine.
He’s helping El Generico via continuing his work with Mexican orphans.
That’s what it seems like? I get 50 every week either way, but it’d be nice!
/u/Sam_Widmore...let it go
Like which of the two is the best album that isn’t Speak Now? Sure why not.
That’s what I wanna know!
Cause KO wouldn’t go to Jeddah.
The table has slaughtered Orton in terms of wins and losses. The table has had Ortons number for his whole career it seems.
YOU DESERVE IT CHANTS!!!
I don’t like the way Hamilton announces taker. ‘The uh-uuhnnnndertaker.’
Fenix TX. Didn’t see that amongst the comments. Jacks Mannequin too.
‘Make a good lucha thing’ is awesome and not cringey at all!
If they want Roman to keep his cheers and try and shy away from the booing, Roman.
I’m talking about the play that lead to this play, not the play in the video.
If the Bruins win does Rask get the Smythe?
Nick Foles has an extra stick though that isn’t even fair.
B I G S T I C K N I C K
Thumbtacks don’t have an inherent value, and if anything, he *gained* 69 thumbtacks. Just not how you’d like to.
Shit man I’d hang out with Lanc-Landry though.
[I’ll let Mox take this one.](https://giphy.com/gifs/wwe-raw-royal-rumble-8RPUju6m0pPSE)
Okay I wanna find this and talk about Friday Night Lights.
Right now the 4 is $10 less(than Best Buy) as a refurbished, so it’s not that much different.
In what universe? He’s a reliable kicker and they tagged him, yes, he ain’t signing, but they won’t give him up for that cheap IMO.
Shit, our most recent Super Bowl season was a crazy turnaround too.
*Al Davis’ ghost has entered the chat*
I don’t like John Cena, but I loved when he’d get his ass kicked. I don’t even wanna watch Corbin get his ass kicked, and therein lies the difference, in my opinion.
At what?
We experience him taking up screen time and that’s painful, so it’s only fair.
Actually they fought him on stupid decisions, so he’s only smart because he went with the better decision, that wasn’t his original decision.
Agree to disagree.
To everyone spelling it John, it’s Jon.
It’s from ‘Its always sunny in Philadelphia.’ He plays the blonde haired bird, known as ‘Sweet Dee’s’ boyfriend who she meets on the internet, and then doesn’t want to actually meet. It’s a long story. Just watch Sunny.
Is he now in the upsidedown?
Mine tries to play track 15 though.
Damn the ~~man~~ Mindflayer save ~~the empire~~ Hawkins!
I mean...it’s a little obvious, no? Give me reasons why it’s not true.
Vince cares. It’s not a thing that people are getting annoyed about IMO, it’s something people are noticing. Like if you’re blonde, you’re more likely to get pushed-Alexa, Charlotte, Lacey. Lacey specifically has done exactly nothing. Yet she’s instantaneously in the title picture in her very first feud. Charlotte has been pushed HARD since basically day one, and has 9(!!!) title reigns already.
Don’t hold your breath on that backwards state doing anything helpful/right.
Couldn’t the same argument be made for Roman, that you don’t need to see him main event because he always wins?
I don’t agree with your lifestyle, should I start protesting it then? The only people who disagree with it are backwards and ignorant, just because your book of fairy tales says one thing, doesn’t mean it’s true. People who disagree with it *are* ignorant because they don’t like it, it doesn’t affect you one iota, so how about you go to your safe space and whine more about it?
Her?
I wonder why ratings are down? 🤔
If you lost to Shane you’d be sleepless and look like that, too.
Apparently there are rumors the fiend will be there in person, but as of yet, nothing.
So Bray ‘teleported’ out of the FF right? That’s what the last bit was?
Double catch candy started today?
Team Pup n’ suds!!!!
The tourney was called the World Cup though I think?
OH SHIT AWESOME TRUTH!!!
Yeah I agree, but it’s going to be trash, and I don’t know why Vince the ‘genius’ thinks it will be anything but trash.
So they’re going to give Shane the title and then have Roman win it from him, because everyone hates him, right?
They said the rules were suspended during the tag match.
Roman is Cena because neither of them ever helped their ‘friends’ or whatever until either it was way too late, or never came out at all.
Well to be fair, he did lose this match via cheating. Not his own cheating, but cheating nonetheless.
I figured it out. Shane is going to win the title and then Reigns is going to take it from him. They’ve done this Shane bullshit to get Roman the belt and take it from someone people HATE, albeit for not the right reasons, so that he looks better by default, and people don’t boo the shit out of it.
The podcast Austin is talking about is the one he did with Ambrose on the network some time ago. Not a new one.
It’s different, some people won’t like it, some will, it’s up to you to decide.
Pushing Daises.
Does Shane and co though? Just get them the fuck off TV already.
I’d argue that trailer trash people don’t take the time to learn, it’s not that hard to form your own opinion, regardless of your education level. If you can read, you should know that being a bigot is wrong. They’re forgotten because they routinely vote against their own interests, so if they’re going to keep doing it, what is going to change for them?
He failed a physical with the pats before this though.
They have them for the 7 and 8 but not the X? Is it the same size as the XS? I can’t remember offhand.
Honestly, I think it’s the way Jericho did the pictures that made that happen. His friend would wait with the camera while he talked to the person, then the friend would call out their name and snap a pic right when they looked up. He said all his pictures turned out odd because of that. I think it was in his first book.
Excuse me if the IC belt is on the show how would we get 15 Shane segments????
Shit. Didn’t have the main post to reply to and couldn’t remember if it was AAA or CMLL and I chose wrong.
Alabama shouldn’t be allowed to vote anymore after nearly electing this cockgoblin last time.
It’s one of my favorite Charlie moments.
Oh man this was written by the guy who did Bubba-Ho Tep? Should be good. Looks interesting too.
I want the watch face she has as the watch face on my watch. But I don’t want to buy the watch, because I already have one.
Good thing he gets paid more than $0 a year salary plus benefits.
I mean yes it is.
This post has a score of 0 right now, which, oddly enough, is the same chance there is of Roman turning heel.
That’s what you call a ‘good start.’
You don’t need a police force because of ‘attacks on churches and schools,’ because 99% of the attackers are right wing nut jobs who love Jesus.
It was a parade, they shouldn’t have been driving through it.
Hit the pokeball, go to ‘settings’ in the top right corner, go halfway down the page, find where it says ‘account’ then right under that it’ll say ‘sign out’ and then sign out the other account, then sign back in with yours.
Ah, I thought the question was a little easy to answer, but I figured maybe OP actually didn’t know so I was trying to be nice, but it makes sense that it wasn’t that basic question.
I think the flag is a hat. There’s a guy who runs in and it looks like he drops it.
You must have never hatched 10k eggs because there was a point where I hit 10 trapinch from 10ks in a row. I feel like I wasn’t the only one, either.
Fuck that, we had to watch Goldberg v Taker and I want my damn Taker v Sting match. They could literally do two moves each, the spookiness would be enough for me, imo.
They won’t kill each other if they just punch...I don’t think. Shit, just make it a ‘spooky powers’ match. Who can get the most spookiness.
Yeesh. All previous comm day 10k hatches should be removed at this point.
I mean of course it will. A psychopath apparently needs a rich kid to help him win.
That’s what happens when you give Borin’ Corbin a title shot. People say ‘no thanks fuck that shit.’
Well that explains why a lot of them have broken in the past couple years.
Idiots. Every single person in favor of that trash winning/being on TV in general.
That’s what happens when you put shitty ass Corbin in a main match.
John Cena v People Power John headlined over the title when Punk was champ too.
Nothing where Baron Corbin is pushed can be considered the best anything, unless he’s being pushed off a cliff and into the realm of ‘Main Event,’ the show, not the main event of a show people will watch.
Shane needs ~~gold bond~~ to get the fuck off TV.
It’s happening right now!
He’s going to win because Shane is going to help.
Would it surprise you to know that Cedric is also, technically, a Raw superstar now?
They already are. She had done nothing before this and all of the sudden she’s got two title matches in a row.
Because I don’t really like her gimmick and I don’t think she’s very good?
And Lacey STILL fucks them up.
I still think it’s Lacey.
Probably, because he’s trash.
We could get a real life Fiend though..
So what you’re saying is..he is a S.H.I.T? I like Ali, I was just making a reference!
I always figured it was something to do with video games or something. Don’t Kofi’s boots have wings? I swear they did, if they don’t now.
Against drew, but this one is against drew *and* Shane!!
He pisses off everyone by existing.
Fuck trump fans.
Caption: Fucking Christ on a cracker, look at this tattoo!
Such a BS penalty. It changes the whole game if it doesn’t get called, but *such* a BS penalty.
Agree to disagree, I just don’t think he’s very good at anything, it’s not like I want to see him get his ass kicked, like a normal heel, I want to never see him again, and then forget he existed at all.
AJ v Ricochet maybe?
Only if it’s a duster and he also gives ocular patdowns.
Someone once said that after Roman beat Taker at mania, he should have taken the gimmick and just be the new Undertaker, and everyone just accepts it. I think that would be funny.
Dean? Ambrose?
Good brothers became confused! They hurt themselves in their confusion!
Well I mean they weren’t in a ring in F&amp;F...
I mean if Baron Corbin is involved it probably isn’t a good match to anyone.
Um....
All he is is mean, and a liar, and pathetic, and alone in life and mean!
And ramblin’ rabbit and Huskis on SD!
It was awesome when the crowd chanted ‘no more Shane.’ That was my favorite part of the show.
I want to know what their policy on 2/3 falls matches will be.
Plus like you’re paying for that and they’re making you watch ads?!? Fuck off with that shit.
I don’t even own a DVD player so that’s why I exclusively stream.
Who is Shayna going to feud with now? She beats everyone and no one gains anything from it.
I hope Shayna goes to Main Event so I don’t have to see her tbh.
She already beat Lacey like 17 times. They need to move on from that.
It’s an award winning post that hasn’t won any awards!
Then when people say they’re shitheads they scream about ‘the tolerant left,’ the only thing the left is intolerant to is intolerance, they’re mad they can’t be shitty people.
Sorry for this terrible situation, friend.
Adapt, react. Readapt. Apt.
Lots of good information. Many many information.
Head like a fuckin’ orange!
Lmao the same amount for testing positive for weed. What a fucking joke.
I change the channel when Corbin is on television because I hate seeing him. Check and mate, *fingerfuck 🖕🏻🔥🖕🏻*
...by the *biggest penis I’ve ever seen!*
Well they’ve been parodying it so it makes sense.
No..he had hair.
How come?
The fact that people will need instructions to put CDs on a computer makes me feel old as fuck 😂
Someone in that comment section is arguing with me because he’s like ‘oh well she was given a chance to earn them back!’ Okay yeah but she couldn’t buy them because BMR knows they’d be shit without them.
It’s sad that there are that many fucking idiots in this country.
At our store, the dumbasses in charge have decided that even if something is on sale, it will be returned for the full price, to ‘not have a negative customer experience.’ Such fucking bullshit. Because the little bitchy babies get mad that they got something and now they want to return it(no receipt of course) and it’s less. But no such concessions are given to workers, we can go fuck ourselves.
They make you go in to the store, they never email stuff out so that would be useless. It’s not a bad idea for places that email gift cards instead of having you go in to the store.
YES!
If a review is overturned, the head official is pelted with tomatoes by the fans. If a ref makes a bad call that the NFL then apologizes about, that’s a tomato-in.
Because they’re Nazis.
I fist pumped when they showed Cheeseman. Legend.
I can’t wait to see all the shotgun draws he runs on 3rd and 4.
Minshew Mania...*drink it in, mannnnnnnnnnn!*
Getting roman cheered when he finally eliminates the beast to win the rumble.
How does this shit get 5x the views of other shit? That’s why they keep doing this, because the YouTube clips get mega views. Who is watching this?!?
WHAT THE FUCK IS A FIST FIGHT JESUS
I wanna superkick these customers that do that, especially at 8:05AM.
Well, I don’t think anything he’s done is as bad as Benoit...
So he kept our shit ass ST coordinator for YEARS but he won’t hire him here?
What about electricity though?
Wait wait wait, do you remember what the reason was for sleeping in the tent? I need to hear this story.
Mmmbop by Hanson.
Dom Capers. D. C. Dallas Cowboys. D. C. Defensive Coordinator. D. C. It fits like a glove.
Sting vs Undertaker
That would be awesome!
[Me right now.](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/HomelyQualifiedKillifish-size_restricted.gif)
Mahomes gonna have to pull a Nelson Muntz and throw the ball, run, then catch the ball himself.
Darth Sidious is the emperor, which everyone likens to BB, so it’d be more like Vader v Maul.
That was like a spear to the back, that’d be a solid finisher for someone in WWE.
Yes, but no one will say it. Doesn’t fit the narrative.
They’ll put the contract under his rookie deal and he’ll sign one right after the other.
Her cheating almost every time didn’t do anything more than Asukas more dominant, with less cheating, reign did. Asuka kicked everyone’s ass, Shayna did, but it took distractions galore to do it.
If he brought any sort of tax law regarding corporations to the house they’d certainly pass it, the senate wouldn’t. But he wouldn’t anyways so it’s moot.
We need an atheist business to refuse to serve christians. It would be amazing.
What we need is a Christian country. All these fucks can move there and live the Bible all they want, while the rest of us normal folks live better lives because they aren’t there to fuck them up.
That is her brutality.
Religious schools should be banned.
I swear if Shayna fucking wins...
Seriously fuck that so hard. So sick of Shayna. She needs to be eliminated and then banished to Main Event, the show.
Anyone but you Shayna, anyone but you. Please.
YES FUCK YOU SHAYNA GTFO!!!!
Fuck that, she should go to Main Event and she can wrestle Sarah Logan or whatever for the rest of time.
Well I love her because she eliminated the queen of Boredom.
We can hope it doesn’t happen! Have faith! Have faith my friend!
Problem is they’re filling the benches with religious zealots who shouldn’t be within 5 feet of a government building.
Shit I would. Although do you have any other keeper options?
Shayna got a pop?!? Gross.
I APOLOGIZE YOU SON OF A BITCH!!
In what world did there need to be a recap of the worst feud currently going on, Corbin v Roman? I didn’t want to see it the first time, I certainly did not need to see a recap of it.
I disagree, only because Corbin v Reigns has been going on slightly longer and takes up more time than the Brandi feud. To each their own though. Also I guess I meant ‘worst in WWE currently.’
Please don’t vote for trump. What good has he done?
I always figured the steps were fair game either way cause they’re ‘part of the ring,’ although I also feel like it’s been called both ways.
I’ve started bringing headphones to work just to wear after I clock out so no one tries to ask me questions. I know it’ll still happen, but it deflects it a little bit.
He would be a great heel manager I think.
They’d probably throw a flag for contact with an official.
Fire capers!!
It would be warmer.
A TO in the 3rd when you’re down 20. Solid.
Do they get it back then since it’s an injury?
Jerry Lawler: how many ladders are ringside?!?.....two?
Simple, you just climb on to the horizontal ladder and walk over to the vertical ladder. You skip half the ladder this way!
I know this match has no DQ, but with all the managers/partners that have been put in ‘shark cages’ in recent years, how has Zelina never, or less than a handful of times, been banned from ringside? In Kayfabe she interferes EVERY TIME, and Enzo, Paul Ellering were put in shark cages for far less. I get that she’s a heel, but, logically(I know I know) it makes no sense that she’s never been put ‘in a shark cage high above the ring!!!!!’
Like I said, a handful of times. I feel like the Club guys have been kicked out more times in the last two months than she’s ever been kicked out total.
Dayman? AhhhAHHHHHahhhh, fighter of the nightman!
Who is the emo douchebag?
Because they’re fucking stupid.
Pence and everyone who thinks religion is real, anyone who thinks trump is good...basically just conservatives.
*Bitch McConnell
Like the fables and story part of religion. Obviously it exists, I’m not talking about religion itself existing, but the things people believe that are based off of religion is bullshit.
I don’t think changing the LoS would make a difference. Maybe make it 4th and 20, then PI or automatic first down calls are *just* the yardage? So it’d be like 4th and 10 or whatever instead of 4th and 20?
They also live on the west coast so they’ve already lucked out let’s be real.
But they’d have to figure out dates, which they don’t want to do, because it’d take a whole minute!!
/U/Wizard_K’s father will hear about this!
Only threats are cops.
So instead of getting Gible, we get this. Niantic, you suck!
They had two additional days, something new would be way better.
I think the action of completing the task is you casting the vote?
So they can stick the shinies in eggs.
Dratini would be far worse. We’ve had two and a half of them already, we don’t need a third.
“Hi, I’m a recovering crackhead, this is my retarded sister, I’d like some welfare please.”-Dennis Reynolds.
Let me tell you, I legitimately fist pumped and shouted “YES!” when he made his return.
Well, my shoes are off right now, so I don’t know if I agree with you.
I’d rather he fucked off from wrestling in general, personally.
If he wins it, and goes after the Fiend, he better lose.
They’re making a stupid joke about not being able to see Cena.
I feel you. It’s a dumb joke.
Wow, what a fucking cuntbag. The fucking nerve of these shitlords.
Lunar new year event. Nothing posted where? Because there are lots of posts on here..
He is the Apex predator, and the three scariest letters in all of NFL entertainment are, E-L-I! OUTTA NOWHERE!
It will really suck if he beats the Fiend. Mania will end in a shower of boos again.
I think the phrase is get *off* your high horse, not over it.
If he does that means Roman has a good god damn chance of winning the rumble and that kinda sucks.
Yeah but does he call it that? I’ve only ever heard it called a super kick. Seems like Cole is fucking it up and confusing it with the punch.
Better than this promo though.
I think he fucked up there too and just kept fucking it up.
I change the channel when he comes on. He’s got go away heat with me, at least.
Why use many letters when few letters do trick?
You forgot a shotgun draw on 3rd and 4.
So trump fans must love weed then using his logic cause they’re all fucking halfwits.
Good fuck off Corbin. Go away.
He is not, no.
And Brock holding the title.
I know that if I produce content I want half of it to be trash, that’s how good content production works, right?
Because he was literally throwing people over like they were nothing?
Is it?!? Could it be?!? IT IS! IT’S OTIS!!!!
Except I’m not falling into anything. I don’t like Brock. I’ve never liked Brock. Brock does nothing for me. I’d much rather watch ‘Rickoshette’ than Bork. I think they need *less* squashers. WWE makes everyone even because they suck at booking and don’t want to pull the trigger on home grown stars when the iron is hot. That’s the problem. Braun has been ruined. He’s 100000% more interesting than Bork, but they fucked up his booking and now he’s just another guy.
Any context would be helpful, but there’s a Punk promo right before MITB where he’s talking about ‘ladies and gentleman the champ is here....you’re no longer the underdog, you’re a dynasty, you have become the New York Yankees.’ I think there’s more in between but I think it’s around the right length?
It’s not the camera guy though...
Didn’t they do a Chicago style pizza eating contest too? I vaguely remember being there live for that.
I mean...we had to, uh...wait for him to walk to the ring and grab a mic?
In bed by 9:00.
So if he reported on February 1st what would have happened?
I think there are a lot of people who don’t think it’ll be a massacre.
I agree. That’s what I thought when he first called himself the messiah. Plus I used to confuse him with Punk way back when.
It would honestly be amazing. Now that her sponsorship with Diet Coke is done...there’s a little more hope.
OP only posts in kayfabe.
Because it took 8 months and three or four government agencies...I’d say very illegal.
Seems like he got cut hard way and he was bleeding on the title, slapped his blood on the contract..I didn’t see the initial thing that caused it, but he got cut open.
Is this going to be on Netflix at 12:00AM EST? Or are they going PST so like 3 AM?
Damn. That’s what I figured. Looks like I’ll have to take a nap around 10:00PM PST. Thanks.
They had ‘mortal peril,’ so maybe that? Or, since it’s the wizarding world, ‘in transit,’ maybe?
Dear Taylor; zip up hoodies are a thing.
I wonder if we’ll get AS progress while it’s down 🤔
Well yeah because he’s a wres-wait a minute!
You can say whatever you want(no shouting fire in a theater type stuff though) but that doesn’t mean people can’t shit on your opinions.
Well the problem is that if one or two call out and the rest don’t, the rest have to work harder. I get both sides...but I’m just saying everyone else has to work harder.
[I love this particular version.](https://youtu.be/AzwKSlZuiac)
If you try and convince me he won’t regress I’m going to sell you a few buildings I own.
Order more at once.
First amendment?
Except they can’t tell him to cover fuck because it’s protected speech.
The same day COVID apparently goes away, June 22nd.
I understand fully what he said, it was just really poorly timed and he still, clearly, doesn’t get what the protests were about in the first place.
Well it’s not like there is anyone else around her...
I think I was bitching about the first protests because I disagree with the premise, it’s not on the same level of ‘human rights’ as this one is, not even close. We probably disagree on that. The risks are the same, I’m not denying that point, but this one is more important, well I don’t think the other one had any importance but again we can agree to disagree on that. Your point stands, I guess, because it is a health risk, but my original comment just pointed out that if she’s the only one there...it’s not really an issue.
I’m 90% sure Linda McMahon spent upwards of $40(ish) million of their own money to run, and I’m pretty sure she did it twice, and she lost. How much is he worth? Could we trick him?
OP wasn’t asking about their personal schedule being changed, they were asking about their leadership changing the(leadership) schedule. So like OP thinks TL will be in 1–9 but they actually come in at 11 and leave at 7.
If you want to see one of his most infamous plays, search ‘worst fake punt ever’ on YouTube. Not his fault necessarily but he was involved in it. Outside of that, he was very good.
Is he apologizing for thinking he’s elite? Because that’s what this seems like.
[Well...](https://youtu.be/9nl00N6I5Ak)
Actually, he lost the popular vote by 3 million, he did, however, win the most electoral college votes. They’re different.
Actually it was the electoral college. He lost the popular vote.
*bad news intensifies*
Could have been your PTO cash out? You accrue PTO even as a part timer so it could be that? Not sure which region you’re in so it might *not* be that, but it’s a guess.
Because someone dared to make fun of their book of fables.
Uptight christians when you dare poke fun at their book of fables.
TIL Stella was Paul’s daughter haha.
For some reason the first thing that came to mind when I saw him was that he was a buff version of Landry from FNL.
Tbh I don’t know if they had control over her being on tv. Didn’t she have to go back to Australia for at least a bit?
No. He has nothing to gain. He’ll continue to be a boring headlock machine no matter what.
He was actually already there! Won a title, not the main title, not really even a secondary title, but...still!
Seriously. Like I couldn’t figure out that it was a tweet on my own?!
God fuck that rusty cunt. The world is worse off with people like her in it.
It would be tough for the d playing with all the updated rules for player safety. They’d probably get a PI call on nearly every play.
Yes.
Isn’t the whole point of this entire argument that people stopped advertising on this show because he’s racist as fuck?
I ordered other stuff and then the ring, the ring shipped and is here, the other stuff hasn’t even gotten out of the ‘confirmation’ stage yet. The rings are getting out far quicker than anything else I think.
Orton v Edge at backlash. It’s pre-taped.
She sounds like ‘calm down’ lady’s sister.
So because one person lied they all lie. Got it.
He was okay. Not worth a first round pick but also not so bad that he wouldn’t get drafted.
From only his program though, they’re shifting to other Fox News programs with their dollars. So it’s just his show that’s losing advertising dollars, not FN in general.
Does it transfer from piss?!?
Well in this country fuck is a worse word to the majority. Because some of them are like this lady and have no problem using that word despite ya know, it being a terrible word.
Damn that lady should have done a couple (dozen) knee lifts when she had hammer bitch by the hair.
Problem is the threat isn’t gone, so I’d rather have the pay+masks, not no pay *and* no masks cause that would be lots of risk with no reward. Also, I have brought up issues at my store with leadership. Depending who’s there it either gets fixed or we get told that they don’t like that idea because “customers wouldn’t like that.” But what *do* they like that isn’t free or discounted?
Well I think the act of the complaint itself makes the person a ‘Karen.’
In the MW we give case discounts on everything except 365 products. Might be region dependent.
The amount of people mad as hell we only take cash at 2 registers is astounding. I’m going to print something about how dirty money is and give it to them every time.
I know it sounds stupid but I am not even watching the rest of the Taker doc cause his stupid shirt pisses me off.
The funniest/stupidest thing about people thinking it was disrespecting the flag is that Kaep was originally just sitting, then he talked to an ACTUAL VETERAN and he said that kneeling would be more respectful.
Hahaha no. It’s not. Not with all these fairy tale believers in the country.
Somewhere Troy is still just sitting there, looking shocked.
Except it was his property?
What? I mean I get what you mean but like...this always happens?
They could just keep fouling him and making him take foul shots.
One of the 8 or so times he cheated to help Charlotte win another title.
We have a process, and it’s, let me tell you what a process it is, the best process, everything undergoes this process. Ask anyone and they’d tell you, many of the smartest people would tell you, it’s probably the best process they’ve been involved in, and these are smart guys and gals, and these, they, these are some of our best and they’re saying the process is the best they’ve seen.
The Spanish God will build up an immunity after taking it time after time after time and finally be able to train his body to survive one and continue on.
I ordered two sets of things, one was three shirts and the second was one ring. I’ve gotten the ring already, but nothing on the other stuff. Still ‘confirmed.’ Now we wait. It’ll be a fun surprise because sometimes I never get shipping notifications and they just show up. 🤷🏼‍♂️
Wrestle and play with his hair. That’s what he does. Mostly the playing with his hair.
It was essentially that it was false and that the accuser had stalked riddle and they almost got a restraining order, he used bro a couple times, and the person who DM’ed him also made some weird rape joke to Will Ferrell. It is *fucked up.*
London boy. If people don’t like it that’s fine but I will be dancing my booty off.
All the rape/assault allegations are probably bringing up a crazy amount of posts to filter through and the mods are, like Andre in this picture, asking things to calm down for a second.
I mean...his name *is* Rotten so is this really out of the realm of things he’d do?
I thought Skip Sheffield was going to be the biggest star of the Nexus. I had slightly less confidence when Ryback was born, however.
What about Miz and Morrison, hey hey, ho ho!!
The bird activates the dogs basic, animal instincts, those take over, and we know regular animals can’t speak English.
He said he wanted to rape Sasha after a WWE tryout a couple years ago.
Have you not been watching the show weekly?
It’s Kanye, he’s an idiot. That’s why.
If you need a shiny Pinsir I have like 14 for you.
Did not expect Finn to take the pin.
So is Priest a face now? That whole segment made it seem that way but I’m not sure.
I must have missed both of these things, thanks!
At town hall meetings can citizens boo and throw things at other citizens?
Nah they’re just downvoting everything. I see lots of 0s.
There was a thing called ‘pizza gate’ and I think it was about how democrats were using pizza places to sell sex with kids, or something like that.
There wasn’t gold down there, I doubt there’s a 400.
Cops aren’t suffering.
So they could come and shrug their shoulders and say there’s nothing they can do? How will she survive!!!??!?
If liberals are libtards does that mean republicans are retards?
First responders and cops are different.
I get that but I’d rather just the EMTs most of the time.
He got a bulk deal with Nexus.
Me too. We got in under the gun. Mine might have been two weeks or so ago, but still, under the gun indean.
Was Cameron the one who tried to cover someone laying on their stomach?
I can’t find anything about it—got a link?!
I mean I know the first part, I just couldn’t find an article to the story, thanks! Just misdemeanors though, Idk if they jail for those but I’m no lawyer, or judge.
I mean we don’t know the effects of COVID on the frog population so it can’t hurt to be careful.
