broke: a normal cooling fan joke: liquid cooling woke: this bespoke: running your computer out the freezer masterstroke: running a script that continuously generates cold takes
mac owners are the ultimate succs
&gt;Shaun &gt;random dude
tru
he's pretty popular on this sub, along with contrapoints and hbomberguy
it's gotta be rats they're yimbys, rootless cosmopolitans, social yet competitive, highly resourceful, and know the value of urban capitalism more than any animals other than humans
what the fuck is it with every website getting redesigned for desktop as if it was a mobile site?
just pick one at random lmao
The saying "money doesn't grow on trees" isn't stupid because money is made from paper (which isn't even wood pulp paper), but because trees create wealth. I mean, that's kinda why orchards exist
[upwards of $23 trillion](https://www.bea.gov/system/files/papers/WP2015-3.pdf)
I don't think there's a better alternative neoliberal is snappy, provocative, and accurate enough for the most part (more in it's original sense than in the Reagan era sense) the only real contender is ordoliberal, but that's too esoteric and basically just slightly succier neoliberalism
taft may have been our fattest president but trump is our thiccest
LSC is mostly tankie but more just generically communist, FullCommunism is exclusively tankie, and CompleteAnarchy is anarchist and not at all tankie
&gt;upwards
yeah, but not as much as LSC and FC
genocide is when you kill people and the more people you kill the more genocider it is
just stop subsidizing them lol
&gt;primary source of evil &gt;capitalism lmao
https://i.redd.it/4wgxsihjcy121.jpg
yeah, we really dodged a bullet there
😤🤣💥🔫🐕🐕🐕
It's hard to express how revoltingly evil they are
&gt;disrespecting TRUMP IS A CUCK 69 this sub really is gone smh 😤
Say what you will about Five Nights at Freddy's, but I'll always appreciate how it spread awareness of how fucking horrifying Chuck E Cheese animatronics are
Daily reminder that Bowser is a stand-in for Trump in the Super Mario Bros movie
lmao not even Marx thought workers were paid below-subsistence wages
&gt; this preternaturally beautiful place at the tip of a peninsula, where earthy hand-built houses topped with lurching towers commune with shingled New England-style cottages with achingly sweet gardens I think I'm gonna vomit
Spitting straight obsolete technology? Sounds about right
Voting matters
Ah yes, schools, the thing that free markets are famously responsible for providing
https://www.twitter.com/ne0liberal
I just learned that Trump actually called himself Tariff Man and it's not just a meme what the actual fuck
c*rs are the real collectivism tbh
&gt;atheism, rebelion, equality hell yeah
why the fuck are there no octopus fursuits smh
&gt; or any other animal. including humans
Expressing racist views *is* acting on them
Pedophiles aren't evil, necessarily, but they're dangerously mentally ill and should be treated as such
I don't wanna live in a society 😰
https://old.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/a38u4s/the_leftist_reaction_to_the_yellow_vest_movement/eb4xm23/ https://old.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/a38u4s/the_leftist_reaction_to_the_yellow_vest_movement/eb4mo9n/ https://old.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/a38u4s/the_leftist_reaction_to_the_yellow_vest_movement/eb4kt3l/
Being neurotypical comes with privilege just like any of the groups you're talking about, especially in school. And anyway, just by knowing what a suppy and demand graph is puts you miles ahead of most adults.
So is this one tbh
Uh, no, a handful of politicians aren't spending billions at the gas station lmao
I'm pretty sure school bathrooms are actually portals to the Garden of Nurgle
jesus needs to get tf OUT of my celebration of materialism
This but it's economists instead of CEOs
Rent seeking is bad
The issue I have is more about who's been promoted, not the author's original intent
sexualizing animals is bad mkay
*sniff*
Reaaally interesting how at no point do they mention furry porn
"I was just pretending to be a nazi"
Totally clears the President. Thank you Kanye, very cool!
hmm, I wonder what she think about tariffs
&gt;calls himself a capitalist &gt;thinks culture is the source of wealth :thinking:
[hrrrrrm](https://i.imgtc.com/nSzA9F3.jpg)
&gt; remove us christians from Existence if only tbh
Hello, fellow libtards
&gt;most of the Sharia stuff and other "evils" comes from Ahadith, which is nowhere near "holy" and was probably created to justify the ruling decisions of various caliphates, mainly the Abbasids. That just proves my point. I didn't say the Quran is flexible, I said *religion* is flexible. It's an excellent tool for oppressive regimes. Even if it's completely fabricated, to question it is to risk eternal damnation.
There is literally no difference between the pre-infested person and the post-infested person. Souls don't exist, and consciousness is nothing more than an abstraction.
100% of millenials think socialism is when the government does stuff
If you have two electrons in a vacuum with the same kinetic energy, spin, etc., they have identical properties without being a single particle. Same goes for two systems For there to be an *any* difference between two systems, they have to be physically different. If you replace your brain with another brain with an identical composition and layout, literally nothing happens. There is zero basis for consciousness that somehow transcends the physical states.
Yeah, sure, and lolis are adults with childlike characterististics
Literally all the times lmao
dogs are literally like at least 10% of what makes life worth living
the alt-right thrives from shrouding their actual beliefs, which both protects them against criticism from naive libs and allows them to bring more "moderate" reactionaries into the fold don't let them get away with it
some people aren't wealthy
Are work holiday parties ever lit?
full shave but with a single long strand of hair untouched
carbon is just boneless silicon tbh
&gt;Atheist [This has no basis in reality](http://www.pewforum.org/2015/11/03/chapter-4-social-and-political-attitudes/)
I think the implication is that other forms of property *shouldn't* be passed down for eternity, not that IP should be
This but also people who do learn Greek, Latin, and Aramaic
God, the wheel is a dumb idea. Like remember those round rocks we kicked down hills as kids? Let's shove people on there and get them rolling like those rocks
Hwi best girl
This but unironically
yea it's actually about how you can't question the authority of an all-powerful despot
ok, ben shapiro
Public smokers are absolute pieces of shit
nicky 2 was unironically way worse than any soviet head of state other than stalin
the fact that conservatives forced that one instead of the way more obvious and potent "obamination" says a lot about them
#EVERY
Y'all act like you never seen a democracy before Jaws all on the floor like Mao and Chiang just burst in the door And started whooping his ass worse than before They first were divorced, throwing him over furniture (Ah!) It's the return of the... "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding, He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" And the head of Interpol said... nothing, you idiots! The head of Interpol's dead, he's locked in my basement! (Ha-ha!)
If cars got married more, all their problems would go away
Daily reminder that atheists are more socially progressive than agnostics
If it inspires action, then yes
"If someone shits in public and it's not done in a confined space, there's no harm. Just don't stand near it." Yeah, no. It's not ok that I have to hold my breath while walking within 30 feet of some asshole. Slowly kill yourself somewhere else, please.
You realize this meme is specifically about the yellowjackets in France, right?
&gt;Smoke dissipates in mere seconds without any human cleaning needed -- excreta does not. It doesn't while they're *still smoking*, which is the whole fucking point. And even then, smoke still lingers lol. &gt;Why? Should it be illegal to not shower for 10 days also? No, but if you go out in public like that, it makes you an asshole. And when did I say anything about legality?
Somehow I don't think circumcision being bad is his main motivation here tho
TIL discouraging people from destroying the environment with their gas guzzling hellmachines is "austerity for the poor"
The one who isn't the meme party nominee
shut up librard
uhh, you realize the presidential election has been over for two years, right?
Watters is such an smug racist piece of shit Easily one of the worst scumbags on Fox News
he got oppressed epic style 😎
succbol gang succbol gang
the result will be very strong and stable
&gt;Destiny is outed as a wife beater and thinks kicking the shit out of your wife is justifiable if she threw cardboard at you woah wait what??
I never believed in him, as far back as I remember. If I ever did, it's before I was even in preschool. It never felt cheap that my parents were the ones bringing the presents. The most exciting part is waking up in the morning and seeing a beautiful pile of presents under the tree, not how they got there. And anyway, the fantasy of Santa and the North Pole and all that was still very much alive, even if I knew he wasn't *real*.
Oh huh So I guess it's not mutually exclusive with other categories?
&gt;Transactivism is: &gt;Consumerist &gt;Individualistic &gt;Neo liberal wtf I love transactivism even more now
wtf I want to seize the means of production now
He lost in Texas by 7 points less than Obama did in 2012, and 5 points less than Hillary in 2016 That's pretty impressive
leftists 💪🏿💪🏼 fascists opposing efforts to combat climate change to trigger the libs
This is wrong People were outraged that you could only get MW remastered by buying Infinite Warfare
they're succs
suck out the air with a vacuum and keep the hole sealed
RNH I'm just killing time until the mosquito men go to bed so I can sleep and not die from cardiac arrest as my heart is penetrated by their probosces
Leftists need to stop crying about Trump He's the best president we've ever had since Obama, and that's a fact
you know it's real RNH when you're hysterically laughing at a video of a leech crawling
[it's pretty mundane too lol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:20100214_Leech_climbing_door_at_Lake_Leake,_Tasmania.ogv)
Is Jesus a clone of Mary, or does God have DNA? If he does, could God theoretically be cloned? And could you then make an army of Yahwehs, and also breed them as livestock?
the camera lens also warps the image, and people look weirder when their face is flipped photogeneity is very real
epistemology and ontology for sure
Well, epistemology is the foundation of science I guess ontology doesn't really inform behavior
broke: medicare for all joke: free market in heroin woke: heroin for all
more like poopy stupid house 😎
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies already exist to stop that But more importantly, the liberty of millions is much more valuable than the safety of a few unlucky individuals
freedom of speech and state monopoly on force are kinda vital
poetic
daily reminder that people who cross the border illegally are 10000x braver than cops
https://i.redd.it/sih03gu02a421.png
humans are just bots with a ton of code bloat and bugs tbh
Sadly, she's right. The beard makes him look way less like a pus golem
That's the exact point she makes in the article lol
I never offered a solution. I'm just commenting on that imbalance
Profit is a means to an end. People use money to satisfy preferences and increase their standard of living, and investing in businesses is a means of achieving that. People want to have fun, and they're willing to pay money for that. If someone wants to make money to satisfy their own preferences, they can do so by satisfying the preferences of others.
broke: increase military spending woke: increase hillary spending
No As countries develop and the populations grow, birthrates decline. If anything, underpopulation is what we should be worried about
102% chance this guy thinks the nazis get too hard of a time
ho.mo hom.oner
Oh god oh fuck
wow that actually kinda pisses me off
Alright, so I'm watching the infamous cardboard box Destiny stream and holy fuck I am livid The dude in the video who hit his girlfriend is a fucking piece of shit, full stop, and the actual hitting is barely half of it. Destiny said that the guy was trying to deescalate by telling her he'd stop playing fortnite and come to dinner soon, but *that's the fucking abuse*. She tells him how he's been saying that for hours. He's not deescalating, he's making the same shitty excuse for neglecting his family he's 100% been making for a long time. That shit is textbook emotional abuse, and the way she talks about it makes it pretty damn clear that it's a pattern. Of fucking course she's going to be frustrated and try to get him off his shitty fucking video game. Of course she's going to try and turn off the computer, which is what it looks like she tried to. She didn't initiate the abuse, and she wasn't the one who fucking hit the other person (and no, cardboard doesn't count).
billyunayuh man bad
how to be un-preginate???
wait this isnt yahoo answers
Yeah, cause the opposite of red is cyan
Who would win: Centuries of empirical economic research or One beardy boi's conjecturing
https://old.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/91f4vd/discussion_thread/e2xlqc3/
It's almost like atheists are statistically much less reactionary than religious people, and always have been
It's complex, but complexity doesn't mean thoroughness. It's a sloppy, tangled mess
Yeah, it exists right now, and there's never been a better time to be alive
Yes, regulated capitalism is good
Turns out GCJ were the real gamers rising up after all 😓
Yeah, exactly two 30 year old games not being made for profit is totally a point that means literally anything The vast, vast majority of games exist solely for profit
&gt;when looking through the normal breast archive sites what
...mods for games that were not made for free
Am I wrong? Poverty is the lowest and living standards the highest they've ever been, all over the world. And capitalism obviously exists basically everywhere in the world today.
They should use it to dab on the g*mers tbh
https://i.redd.it/zuf19dm45p421.png
[wtf I love biden even more now](https://www.jacobinmag.com/2018/08/joe-biden-neoliberal-democrat-conservative-lobbying)
[Yearly income per person, adjusted for PPP, if the world's wealth was equally distributed: $17,500](https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/xx.html) But no, inequality is totally the reason why poverty exists in the first place. And not, oh, I don't know, scarcity. You know, the thing that's plagued us for millions of years, long before capitalism or even civilization existed.
&gt;It is 100% pro Hillary Clinton man I wish
Peterson and Shapiro are reactionary pieces of shit, but they aren't really fascists Molyneux, PJW, and Lauren Southern, on the other hand....
Nice whataboutism lmao. Cool to see a fascist sympathizer use a classic Soviet propaganda technique. Most liberals (including me), as in actual liberals, not fascists or socialists, hate reactionary, white nationalist pieces of shit like Molyneux and Lauren Southern, while *also* hating communists. Shocking, I know
&gt;seed of ZOG uuhhhhhhhhhh
"I'm not a Trump supporter, but I would do literally anything to piss off people who don't support him"
The one that's tear gassing children and locking them in cages, probably But wanting to be called different pronouns is totally just as bad, amirite fellow rational centrists???
The yellow vests are pretty fucking terrible, and a lot of them are fascists who would love to copy Trump's actions at the border and crank them up to 11, but they haven't actually started doing that yet, as far as I'm aware.
Nah, CTH thinks he's capitalist scum
Yep. Still very much capitalist
&gt;PinochetIsAGoodMan Fuck off, fascist
Read the text at the top lol It's adjusted for inflation and PPP
Don't call babies "it" Hell, even the fascist scum recognizes her as a human being
[Economic growth is the number 1 factor for reducing global poverty](https://www.oecd.org/derec/unitedkingdom/40700982.pdf) A larger economy means more goods can be produced that fulfill more basic needs, which is exactly what happens. [The incentive structures inherent to the capitalist market economy](https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/page1-econ/2013/09/01/what-are-the-ingredients-for-economic-growth/), including the profit motive and competition, are essential to maximizing efficient use of resources, as is trade. All of this is pretty much universally accepted as fact by economists. None of the problems with the current system can't be solved within its basic framework. For the most part, the world is moving in a good direction, and I don't see how a socialist system could accelerate or even maintain that trend, or how it's be better than simply expanding the welfare state.
Private property means the right to oppress the cons, and that's a good thing Also he's literally just reposting a youtube comment lmao
&gt;crossposting from the genocide denying tankie hellhole that is LSC ewwww
&gt;seriously revive spoken Latin, yo hoc sed sine ironia
That sub is such garbage lol
lol threatening to murder politicians because they're actually trying to combat climate change fucking disgusting
"I was just pretending to be retarded"
&gt;scarcity is good because without it everything would be worthless what
its not???
blessed mods
[Socialism doesn't have the ingredients necessary for strong economic growth](https://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/page1-econ/2013/09/01/what-are-the-ingredients-for-economic-growth/) Property rights, competition, and the profit motive are vital to maximizing efficiency, as I've already said.
Do you know how the incidence of taxation works? Serious question.
lol imagine not playing smash exclusively with your close friends and family in a strictly casual environment
actually it's stored in the soy glands
Do it again, bomber Jesus!
&gt;nobody is addicted to guns. [you say that, but...](https://i.ibb.co/YbXRk5g/image.jpg)
The great thing about globalism is that it erodes away the systems of cultural incest that perpetuate medieval practices like that Nationalism is a great way of ensuring that the most barbaric elements of the Muslim world never change
Broke: true centrism is blaiming the rich Jews in the American government Woke: true centrism is praising the rich Jews in the American government
People: do thing this way! *thing is done but in a different way* Also people: no not like that
GMO labeling but only for &lt;&lt;&lt;organic&gt;&gt;&gt; foods
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^✂️
Sarcasm requires a clarity of purpose and target lest it be mistaken for and contribute to that which it intends to mock.
Uphold Neoliberalism-Chapoism!
Daddy no please stop
It's a long piece of text that's funny in a lot of contexts. The copypasta isn't satire of the original post
Why the fuck do he and his 8 year old fans have to ruin every good subreddit?
This isn't what this sub is for
I guess this sub has finally succumbed to the Nazis... Fucking hell
"I was just pretending to be retarded"
Abominable Christmas
Nah, it's just been infested with Nazis and crypto-fascists. You don't see /r/neoliberal or CLP defending MDE. It's always the fucking """classical liberals""" who are 100% fascists wearing the flayed skins of liberals.
"Haha, I pretended to be a fucking fascist for reasons! It triggered the socialists so hard! No, I'm totally not actually a fascist, how could you possibly accuse me of that?"
[stop being an ignorant bothesidesist fuck](https://books.google.com/books/about/White_Fragility.html?id=ZfQ3DwAAQBAJ&amp;source=kp_book_description)
I don't know dude, people who aren't racist? You tell me
Yeah, like literally anyone who isn't in a nursing home wouldn't recognize a game controller, something that's been around for decades lmao
Please enlighten my inferior mind, then. I'm honestly very curious what group you've placed me in Oh btw, I'm clearly not the only smoothbrain in the room, considering how you don't understand the prisoner's dilemma when it comes to one-on-one downvotes
I mean, I guess that theoretically could be non-racist lol, but I'd seriously question the purpose of such a subreddit. It'd be like a subreddit about how tall people don't live as long. Like yeah, it's true, but why make a community out of it? The different between "FelonBlacks" and white fragility is that the latter takes *much* more insidious forms, influencing society from a top down level. White fragility manifests primarily as language, and thus must be countered with language. Countering crime with language isn't exactly the same thing. The root causes are also important, as white fragility comes from feeling insecure due to certain ideas, which is in no way comparable to the root causes of disproportionate crime committed by black people.
&gt;t. someone who has no idea what white fragility means Seriously though, please define it for me.
Eh, af least it exposed a bunch of reactionary morons, lol
Interesting Socialist and communist?
Incredible, the two most wrong groups! I'm quite a big fan of capitalism, and I think socialism and communism are monumentally stupid. But that doesn't mean I can't ever agree with someone with monumentally stupid beliefs. Socialists and commies are usually pretty good on the topic of racism. If anything, they ignore race in favour of class politics *too much*.
What? I'm saying that the concept of black fragility being racist doesn't mean the concept of white fragility is *also* racist. It doesn't mean white fragility can't be racist on other grounds (which it isn't.)
What racist shit, exactly?
Second paragraph? You mean last sentence? It's not even that long lol
I said that BlackFelon or whatever wouldn't *necessarily* be racist, but that it almost certainly would be. That's a pretty big difference
Except it's not at all lol, as I've already said. Do you actually know what white fragility means? No one seems to be able to answer that question, sadly.
When you can't comprehend basic language, it's hard to have a debate. That shouldn't surprise you. Like I said, all you can manage is intentionally misreading comments. You literally purposefully justified the exact sort of passive racism that KIA does.
Well that's a fucking stupid name with waaay different implications, but /r/enoughblacknationalistspam or /r/shithotepssay or something like that would be fine. It's pretty important that /r/fragilewhiteredditors has fragile in the name, because it specifically refers to the term white fragility. /r/triggeredwhiteredditors would be bad, yeah.
Wait, so making fun of "triggered black people" has the same implications as making fun of hoteps and black nationalists? You sure about that dude. I think that hoteps are racist, insecure, ignorant, and stupid. Did I just make a racist statement?
Not enough nazism tho
[AWOOOOOGAA](https://i.imgur.com/fekxPvR.png)
[hnnng 😩 oh benny g, you're so kinky](https://i.imgur.com/jk8RcQE.jpg)
It's almost like neither communism *or* laissez faire capitalism works :)
This but Christianity
[charlie's got ur back fam](https://i.imgur.com/LYbapfS.jpg)
spidermanpointing.jpg
[we live in a simulated society](https://www.twitter.com/CharanSurdhar/status/1079017396248154113)
Probably this &gt;[Approximately 380,000 federal employees have been furloughed and have no guarantee the government will cover their back pay as it has after other shutdowns.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/12/26/us/shutdown-federal-workers-.html) So yeah, he basically wants a permanent shutdown
Everyone who downvoted this is an antiglobalist succ
Describes me pretty well tbh
Grassley, easily
Greeks were the original greedy duplicitous bankers to the Romans
all anime is rent seeking tbh
The fact that you could use it on literally any ideology proves singularity theory
the political compass's definition of the left-right spectrum has no bearing on how it is or ever was used it's equality vs. hierarchy, and always has been Nazi economic policy is aligned with preserving hierarchy, and that makes it right wing, in the same way slavery and feudalism are right wing
Being interested in it, no Unironically liking it as a political institution, probably
&gt;implying they aren’t Nazis in 2019
dae anyone else despise your romantic partner with every fiber of your being 😂😂
[yikes](https://i.redd.it/vwj4er029x131.png)
Hot take?: People are
TIL the UN advocates the collectivization of farming and food distribution
Destiny really sold out his morals in that debate
Or, idk, the government could just directly give poor people enough money for basic needs? Like it's really not that hard lol. You don't need to nationalize all the farms or whatever the fuck
this post was made by chapotarian gang
Vigilissimus: Miltonius Shareholderius Argentarius
&gt;The only policy position of Socialism/Capitalism is the abolishment of capitalism. Sorry socialists, you’re not allowed to care about women’s rights anymore
dude stop spamming the sub
“I’m not a Nazi, I’m a *National Socialist*”
&gt;seeing a parade that promotes sex kids? learning about *SEX*? oh the horror
One guy is literally just old lmao
how on earth does hating gay people not hurt anyone lmao you can also be an ISIS sympathiser “in peace”, but you’re still a vile piece of shit
Most conservatives in the US absolutely are
&gt;Isn't crossdressing just being a fag with extra steps? oh you're a nazi, nevermind
They were claiming that the violet approximated by the image doesn't exist as a pure spectral color, which is wrong And violet light isn't what most people would call a pure blue
lmao you aren't even trying to hide it
The word purple appears nowhere on the image
I think so
&gt;Large scale immigration of low skilled labor drives down the price of labor, which hurts the people down at the bottom lol fuck off with this nationalist bullshit it’s really interesting how people like you never seem to care about immigrants who lose job opportunities because of immigration restrictions
They’re making fun of people who actually think that
Richard Wolff, Louis Farrakhan, Jordan Peterson, Marianne Williamson, and Mike Cernovich are good places to start
What’s wrong free trade, open borders, and occupational licensing and zoning reform?
tankie garbage in CTH has gotten waaay worse in the past month or so
He looks cool
Lenin
Bernie is way worse on immigration than pretty much every other candidate. Most of them are positive in their rhetoric towards immigrants, although they still buy into law and order garbage. Bernie, on the other hand, actually thinks immigrants are stealing jobs and should be kept out because of that. Same goes for his protectionist beliefs. Beto is probably the best, since he actually wants to loosen immigration restrictions and tear down existing barriers, and he’s literally said he supports “open borders” in the past, his words.
What’s so unreasonable about deporting native-born Americans? They steal jobs from immigrants, the *real* Americans, so naturally, we should use state violence to keep them out.
The Wall would unironically work well thematically with 2001 Like, the whole album pretty much
The actual podcasters obviously aren't tankies, but the sub is swarming with them
incel within, incel without
Honestly I think stuff like abstract expressionism is about the most removed from social context you can get, since it's pretty much the abstract emotions of the artist directly translated into shapes and colors. You don't really need to know anything about its stylistic origins or even what a house or apple or whatever is to understand it
tfw no brown and black anarcho-stormtrooper flag
anarchism but with gamer genocide
[literally why???](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/trump-nhs-brexit-trade-deal-talks-theresa-may-press-conference-uk-a8943656.html) is trump trying to buy up hospitals so he can replace them with golf courses or something?
the real bootlickers are people who say LEGO instead of legos
The original is definitely an attempt at humor, just really “““wholesome””” humor
Freud is incompatible modern psychology, so I mean, he’s not wrong
&gt;implying that’s a bad thing
lol do you actually think youtube is a better source than NYT and CNN?
Ah yes, the great liberal philosopher and economist “Houghton Mifflin Harcourt”
&gt;using gay as a pejorative in the year twenty nineteen
(((They))) are sending your jobs overseas to dirty foreigners Oh yeah I think racism and xenophobia are bad btw
“I just think Nazi uniforms look cool”
Because a fuck ton of lefties actually think the Soviet Union was good, gulags and all. They aren’t oblivious or just being edgy or whatever, they have genuinely vile beliefs. Same goes for altright dipshits.
gamers: *buy literal garbage* “why would corporations do this?”
ew wikileaks
Yes, wikileaks is definitely the reason why medicare for all is popular
If a far-right streamer plastered Pinochet’s face everywhere and used this exact justification, I know you wouldn’t believe them
lol I love how the guy larping as Q took the screenshot and is presumably also the guy who posted it to /r/4chan
the only good conservative is a deplatformed conservative
Feudal Japan: *exists*
Youtube should ban, demonetize, or otherwise suppress every fash they can And as someone who believes strongly in the 1st Amendment, I don't think the state has the right to compel or suppress speech by forcing Youtube to platform or not platform certain people
a mixture of every possible psychoactive compound in exactly equal proportions
smh dont these succs know drone rights are trans rights
That’s the character’s name
How is this at all relevant to the sub?
&gt;Does this make me Lusvig? The answer to this question is always yes
dang that makes it way less funny 😔
&gt; 3*.* Staying On Topic/Spam &gt;This subreddit is dedicated to the mockery of Turning Point USA and conservative pseudointellectualism.
Capitalism wins again
Marxists don’t recognize non-materialist class differences
His UBI would be an optional replacement for existing welfare programs
*sniff* “goddammit who stuck their electrodes in the cum jar?”
no john what are you doing :(
Why are they eating Trevor Wesley?
fuck off incel
Boomers are fucking parasites holy shit
Sexual competition is definitely an innate part of human behavior to some extent
&gt;you're the rabbit hole itself. oWo
"Are you the kind of person who eats mayo with a spoon, or a bucket?"
Most WWII games are filled with nazi larpers, for obvious reasons
Uphold Neoliberalism-Chapoism!
&gt;Patriotism &gt;Confidence &gt;Toughness &gt;Anthropocentrism yes these are exactly the 4 words I would use to describe to trump
neoliberalism is when you block trade
Is the situation different? Acupuncture, Proportional length moth Hey? A little Amber, squid, squid Is it small? moth mountain mountain Hey, hey. moth Hey! Hey!
His foreign policy is nonexistent
http://www.politiscales.net [for the weird flags](http://www.politiscales.net/en_US/results/?p1=74&amp;p0=14&amp;s0=86&amp;t1=31&amp;t0=43&amp;e0=24&amp;e1=69&amp;c1=21&amp;c0=55&amp;femi=43&amp;b0=83&amp;b1=7&amp;j1=38&amp;j0=33&amp;m0=24&amp;m1=55&amp;prag=100)
&gt;LOL! I saw one post where they said that women don’t even exist because Eve was a trans woman 😂🤣😂🤣 The fucking ignorance. The absolute misogyny 🤬 🤔
kids with leukemia are the true puppet masters
lmao these dumb centrists don’t even know that 99.99% of Americans are actually secret communists
Ugh go away chapocels
Corporatism doesn’t mean what you think it means
Stop spamming the sub dude holy shit
Why are you posting on a sub dedicated to Steven “I’m a hardcore capitalist” Bonnell again?
This post is literally 95% upvoted And anyway /r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM is a commie infested sub
&gt;[Dude, come on. You've got an actual leftist here](https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/bucozx/hopeful_bloomer_knows_that_his_hard_work_will_pay/epcuk3b/?context=3) HMMMM
like half of /r/neoliberal is dunking on cuckservatives, so you should love them :)
&gt;holding the same core beliefs as Margaret Thatcher and Ronald "Guns for the contras" Reagan so you’ve literally never stepped foot in the sub let me guess, you’re also gonna say it’s pro-Pinochet
“I don’t care about children in concentration camps, immigrants, women, minorities, or the global poor”
Literally just quoting him isn’t a critique This is the leftist equivalent of a Republican posting a picture of AOC with the caption “I am a socialist”
I mean sure, corruption is obviously a thing, but the cause and effect relationship between donations and policy can go either way. Corporations have a much stronger incentive to donate to a candidate who already supports policy that’s favorable to them, than to try and bribe a candidate into supporting policies that they don’t already believe in. The same applies to donations from unions and individuals. Bernie isn’t pro union because unions bribed him, unions donate to him because he’s already pro union.
Wow sounds like a great case for voting Biden to get Trump out of office Or wait I forgot anyone who wants to protect the Affordable Care Act is literally Paul Ryan
Or you could just... idk, let them in?
I know a ton of internet “““libertarians””” are cryptofash, but you reaaally shouldn’t generalize libertarians as fascists. Like you won’t see Cato advocating closed borders lol
Replacement subs usually get banned pretty soon after
It’s definitely strongest with the right and the far-left (as in actual hardcore socialists, not people like AOC and Bernie) Like center-left types tend to go way too far in the other direction and treat their opponents like they’re always acting in good faith You see it with the moderate democrat obsession with civility, which diminishes as you go their left, and is completely non-existant in the GOP
Whether a libertarian supports closed borders or not is a good litmus test for telling the actual libertarians from the crypto-fascists It goes so radically against libertarian principles that they couldn’t possibly not be a white nationalist. And again, you won’t see Cato advocating violence against leftists, foreigners, or minorities, because they’re actual libertarians. Lumping them in with literal fascists is really fucking gross and insanely dishonest. I don’t like AOC so I guess that means I can call her a fascist :/
[literally one of the first results for “cato hoppe”](https://www.cato.org/publications/commentary/europes-neoreaction-scarier-you-think) Hoppe also thought Milton Friedman and Hayek were a bunch of socialists, so I don’t think he’s particularly representative of libertarianism
My point is that Cato isn’t fascist or an ally to fascists because some dipshits on the internet coopted the label of “libertarianism”, which should be really fucking obvious. It’s not like Bernie and AOC are in bed with people who call themselves “national socialists” lol
Bernie is a corporate shill Gravel 2020
reeeeeeeee guys is gender neutral
Considering how he was the nominee, I’d say Gary Johnson is about as representative of libertarians as a single person can be, and he’s very pro immigration, moreso than the majority of Democrats
Who exactly are you talking about when you say “right-libertarians”, and what exactly would they like about the Nazis lol
&gt;nazis &gt;center right wat
pretty sure they’re almost universally considered far-right...
lol I just got banned from CLP and I have literally no idea why
that isn't the purpose of prison at all though we imprison people to deter crime and to take criminals off the streets, and depriving them of their rights does nothing to help
&gt;Time to turn Iran into a parking a lot never has a more cursed sentence been uttered
NORMATIVE 👏 AND 👏 META 👏 ETHICS 👏 ARE 👏 NOT 👏 THE 👏 SAME 👏 THING
I’m aware they didn’t start it My point is that it’s incredibly stupid to say anyone would like the Nazis because they happen to superficially agree on some inconsequential point I hate cigarettes, so I guess I’m also a Nazi
Like Ben, they don’t care at all about the lives of non-whites, just in a way that doesn’t involve bombing them to hell
We got a real Mary Shelley over here
They’re Malians
If you think Obama and Trump’s immigration policy is indistinguishable, then you’re completely lost
Economics is an actual scientific field of study that exists
The point of executing them is to send a message, so no
epic gamer nerd: my sweet, luscious veronica, I will scuttle along the walls into your bedroom and lick your feet in your sleep jontron: holy shit you fucking killed her dude
What’s the alternative though? Having an unaccountable council of oligarchs decide right and wrong?
Get in boys we’re going to the Hague
Does that also include fraud and murder?
(((canada)))
Normal brain: bad Transcendent brain: O T H E R
fuck the waos dragons
“nobody who agrees with the people he disagrees with would agree with him”
It’s literally just social democracy but a bit more pro-market lol
&gt;posts in FULLCOMMUNISM fuck off tankie
Bad takes and Friedman flairs
&gt;This is when the country started to become particularly fascist, and the brainwashing really began. They conditioned us to blindly kiss the feet of every soldier, and to approve of every pointless, harmful war. Who is “they”? Falling into the same kind of conspiratorial thinking as fascism is a dangerous road to go down There is no secret cabal engineering the spread of fascism or socialism or whatever. It’s all very much organic and no one is in control, for better or worse But yeah, it’s clear now that the GOP is a latent fascist party and has been for a while, even if your Kochs and Bill Kristols neither realized nor wanted it.
“My dream is hemispheric common market with open trade and open borders” —Hillary Clinton rip 😔
/r/neoliberal and Cato support actual open borders, as in free movement of human beings
Who are you to put words in their mouth?
yep, it’s gamer time
Again, the fact that something exists isn’t a justification for its existence in the first place. If the game had a “pay $2 to win” button since launch, the fact that it’s been part of the game for so long isn’t a valid reason for keeping it around
You’re giving a bunch of new arguments that the guy I was responding to never made Sure, you can debate the positives and negatives of making expansion cards stronger, but saying “it shouldn’t change because it’s always been like this” is just not a legitimate argument
&gt;Blizzard wants Basic cards to be relatively weak compared to expansion cards and Priest is a heal class. But *WHY?* Obviously they *want* basic cards to be weaker, but what is the actual justification for that? The guy I was responding to literally just said “it is, therefore it ought”, which is nonsensical
*laughs in northshire*
&gt;Can you explain why it shouldn't be weaker? I don’t really care either way. I just thought the original argument I was responding to was incredibly stupid, independent of its conclusions I can’t say it enough, it’s absurd to think that something is good because it exists
Trumpists are nazbols tbh
Pregnancy is a good stat but she should probably put more points into blood volume
[this but](https://twitter.com/WeWuzBoomers/status/1142850614835208192)
your net upvotes for that user
&gt;It's almost like expansion cards are higher power than basic cards Their original comment “Expansion cards are higher power, therefore it’s good that they’re higher power” is the implicit argument here
It’s not a general rule at all, it’s a really basic logical fallacy You cannot argue that something is good because it exists The problem here goes way beyond Hearthstone
Oh nice, it’s CTH but somehow even tankier
&gt;The solution to global warming is to go full Trantor This but unironically
&gt;”I have literally never heard of supply and demand”
If you want games to stay out of politics, maybe politics should stay out of games? 🤔
oh do I, now
Wow it’s almost like the federal government and a private political party are two completely different institutions
Yes they should ban almost all electrical power, very cool and smart
do you think solar can power a state’s entire electrical grid...?
Abolishing CBP so no one can take over their role
Not in contemporary English
wow nice tags you really showed em
It means it’s ok to call these people tankies cause you’re gonna be right 100% of the time
Science is philosophy Politics is philosophy Math is philosophy I don’t mean they historical roots in philosophy, they *are* philosophy. “Established truth” is a purely philosophical concept.
somehow, I don’t feel like chapos would be very upset over his assassination
[im having trouble finding a third world war on this graph help](https://ourworldindata.org/uploads/2013/08/International-Battle-Deaths-per-100000-20th-Century-Acemoglu0.png)
Because of information asymmetry and employer market power, you’d probably still need labor regulations
Unrestricted flow of capital is what allows poor countries to industrialize and stop being poor lol
&gt;$17,500 security fee I’m glad I live in a free country, jesus christ
“Unique” is one way of putting it
it doesn’t really scapegoat a group of “elites”, so probably not the robot thing is dumb, but he frames it as an impersonal process with negative side effects that need to be ameliorated, and not “the evil CEOs are using robots to screw over the people, and we gotta get back at them”
Inequality leads to rent seeking, crime, and social unrest
&gt;every single one of whom are too busy with their own personal issues to judge you from anything solely because of autism damn i wish my teachers were busy with their own personal issues 🙄
lol he thinks destiny wants to cancel him to get clout with the far left, wtf?
Bernie was a better candidate than Hillary in terms of electability, in that he polled the best against Trump in swing states. He’s firmly in second place this time around, because Biden and Hillary are different candidates.
bring back kenshi PepeHands
Presumably, he gets more utility out of playing league than from the money he’d make doing other things Why that utility isn’t negative is a mystery for the ages
the past: I sleep the present: REAL SHIT
they hated abstract art tho
&gt;ensuring the survival of life on earth is stupid
the mandalorian has like 3 or 4 episodes that aren’t garbage lmao, and the ones that aren’t are “pretty good” at best also, Knives Out exists
Also, apparently members of yoda’s species are just natural force masters who mentally develop in extreme slow motion, which completely undermines yoda’s status as a wizened sage with 900 years of experience. Thank you for making the OT retroactively worse, Disney 👍
Actual descriptivist: Latinx is an uncommon synonym for latino used exclusively by people who are trying to signal their wokeness
I feel like it isn’t a stretch to say that Latinx is used almost entirely in very specific circumstances
I think you can point out why people don’t like or use a word and agree with them while still being a descriptivist. The difference between prescriptivism and descriptivism is what you think makes language “correct” or not, not whether you have opinions on words or not.
those poor oppressed christians choosing to take out loans and having to pay back interest :(
the entire movie is social satire tho it’s about a bunch of Don Jr.s trying and failing to steal from a kind, hard working immigrant
The implication is that she’s kind and hardworking *because* she’s a poor immigrant, in contrast to the rich failchildren, who are all greedy pieces of shit because they all grew up wealthy without any responsibilities. The movie actually addresses the attitude that immigrants are only good because they’re good servants, since the “kinder” family members praise her when she’s obedient, but ultimately don’t care about her as a person.
a language or any other part of culture going extinct doesn’t mean there’s no record of it... like we can still read Homer without making sacrifices to Zeus
People do not speak Homeric Greek, in case you’re not aware
Yes, you are describing how Latin and Ancient Greek became dead languages A language dying doesn’t mean all knowledge of it is lost, and there’s nothing inherently bad about a cultural practice dying out. No one worships Odin anymore, and no one except a few reactionary weirdos are sad about that.
daily reminder that weebery is a mental and social pathology on par with inceldom and the altright, and is far more insidious that just “liking anime”, and should never be confused with casually enjoying the medium I am being completely, 100% unironic
What exactly is the practical, ethical difference between a language changing to the point where it’s unrecognizable vs. being replaced completely by another? &gt;You don't get to be the arbiter of what cultures are worth preserving or not. You’re the one saying it’s bad that languages die? I don’t care either way lol. It’s completely arbitrary what languages people speak &gt;Yeah, it's real progressive to wipe out entire cultures because it serves the economy or something. How is it progressive to actively preserve culture instead of letting change happen naturally?
If you were considering whether we should resurrect a species of dinosaur, the ethics of the decision have nothing to do with whether that species is a predecessor of birds or not
A language being “dead” means it has no native speakers. And no, Spanish and Italian are not Latin, they are descendants of Latin. Somehow, I doubt Spaniards and Italians view them as merely dialects of the same language.
You can’t scientifically determine the ethical value of a language going extinct lol This isn’t a linguistics question, it’s a philosophical one
What do you think morality is, if not a system fof determing right from wrong? Letting someone die is immoral, because dying is bad. If you think language extinction is bad, then you necessarily have to think that letting a language die is immoral.
this is a real article fucking kill me
Magic Goolsball, can I *please* have something to eat?
😛&lt;—🌭🌭🌭🌭
tbh the stuff religious people do to ignore the bigotry in their books is about as silly, but it’s better than being a fundamentalist I guess
I love how a character in Rainbow Six who’s ostensibly a good guy has a Rorschach skin, especially when the story is literally just: “This paramilitary organization is the only thing standing between civilization and the barbarian terrorist hordes.” military shooters are reactionary as fuck lmao
I mean, Overwatch has the same kind of vigilante worship that Watchmen satirized, although at least it’s a little more removed from the real world
&gt;Pedophilia &gt;Ageplay Corporate needs you to find the difference between these pictures
[outside_the_dt.exe](https://old.reddit.com/r/SubSimulatorGPT2/comments/eo2nub/who_is_the_most_neoliberal_presidential_candidate/)
tfw you have imposter syndrome about having imposter syndrome
tfw you coom in the pee pool
Thank you RonPaul4President, very cool!
Yang’s trying it and it’s not great
&gt; Online lefties do like to blame neolibs right now but it’s only fair considering your kind does the same thing to socialists. So what did you mean by this, exactly? I thought the prevailing view among online libs was that socialism is irrelevant.
The original comment you replied to was about how leftists scapegoat liberals. Your response was about how liberals scapegoat too. I asked you if liberals really do scapegoat socialists for all of society’s woes, like socialists do to liberals. You said they do. I then asked you if they do so in this specific case where socialists scapegoat liberals for causing gamers to rise up. All the way into this conservation, *now* you suddenly decide to make it about liberals being generally toxic and not specifically about scapegoating.
sad: dick pics glad: erexts
You may want to purchase a Geiger counter
h3h3 is like this as well
&gt;He suggested that, if the greatest possible being exists in the mind, it must also exist in reality. If it exists only in the mind, then an even greater being must be possible—one which exists both in the mind and in reality. Therefore, this greatest possible being must exist in reality. So basically, the greatest possible being has to exist, because a being that exists is greater than a being that doesn’t. Therefore humans are actually greater than god, because god is purely imaginary. Thank you Anselm, very cool!
that’s like saying Trump - Trump = Bernie
...how many people who voted for Hillary in the primary voted for Trump in the general?
then who are you comparing Bernie voters to lol? Martin O’Malley voters?
You could still have all seeds be “official”, since if there’s a really insane seed, people will copy it, and competing to find the craziest seed would be a game in its own right. Innovation has always been a huge part of speedrunning.
Studying the game world in extreme detail to maximize efficency is how literally every speedrun works
eating guinea pigs instead of actual pigs is unironically based
the suffering of making a million more in your lifetime :(
reminder that everything wizards conjure is canonically made by slaves and simply teleported
your consciousness isn’t some ethereal substance that’s stored in atoms, it’s an emergent property of atoms configured in specific ways the clone is closer to being “you” than the “you” from half a second ago is
&gt; Don’t raise your eyebrows 🤨
but how else will I express my feelings of mild doubt and concern
😳
black people did vote for her...?
He really doesn’t lol. Most other streamers can’t handle even the tiniest bit of criticism and are willing to end friendships over it
Destiny’s friend is unfathomably based, he should really come on his stream sometime
lmao if Republicans weren’t so fucking racist they’d absolutely DESTROY the hispanic vote, who are way more conservative on social issues than non hispanic whites you’re literally just shooting yourself in the foot by being anti-immigrant
The US is only 72% white, so they’re overrepresented in all of these categories to some extent
&gt; why do stags compete and fight often to death with one another while the doe doesn't but rather concerns herself with looking out for young-lings? Why do female bonobos rub their clits together to cement the social bonds that allow them to maintain control over males? Sorry moids, but lesbocracy is just the natural state of humanity.
Go ask your average white republican if they want to lose their social security and medicare. They only hate gibs when it’s nonwhites getting them
He was never a prescriptive nihilist. Being a moral anti-realist doesn’t mean you can’t act in a way that is subjectively “moral”, which I hope he still believes.
tfw you’ve read the art of the deal 🧐
only 4.5% of adults identify as LGBT, so, probably the same reason you don’t hear much about the Asian vote it also doesn’t help that it’s a geographically diffuse group
that has literally nothing to do with welfare programs but ok
you can cut taxes without cutting welfare programs, believe it or not. Republicans love doing that
you should care, even if it’s just allocating park funding or some shit
aka nazis, not libertarians
Delilah has a place in the mud of the city. I think it's the right time I answered. I used my hands for the ads I placed: the writing was good. Nico, I can do whatever I want with the Jar of Destiny. Sex is impossible. Keep in mind that this is going to be something special. So it is my responsibility to build relationships with people.
Bounced on my boy’s 5G tower to this
100% serious. Ice Cube is also an antisemetic piece of shit Wouldn’t be too surprised if Michael Brooks was also hiding his power level like so many leftists do
Dandan Dan no Dandan
&gt; but they are worlds apart no they aren’t lmao. remember when he said Buttigieg was racist for thinking role models are important?
you should never be surprised when a conspiracy theorist adopts new conspiracy theories
tfw everything bad that happens in the world is neoliberalism :( pretty ableist that you think having a stutter makes you mentally incapacitated btw. I doubt a bigot like you who thinks identity politics is just bourgeois virtue signalling would care tho
[ice qube wants to speak to the ceo of racism](https://twitter.com/icecube/status/1271251021675687936)
&gt;suburb simulator where you literally play as a c*r 🤮
Ku Klux Klan more like Blu Lux Man
[counterpoint](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump)
Marxism is an economic theory in the same way that Lamarckism is an evolutionary theory
Marx’s theories are based on the Labor Theory of Value, which has been categorically disproven. It’s an outdated criticism of something no 21st century economist believes in.
The best thing to come out of his presidency is PEPFAR and it's not even remotely close. That program alone has saved at least an order of magnitude more lives than Bush is responsible for ending
Amazin
The CCP doesn't really have a national rebirth myth or social Darwinist view of history, which are some of the defining features of fascism. That isn't to say that their flavor of genocidal authoritarian nationalism is any better, though.
There is actually zero difference between chattel slavery and forced prison labor. you imbecile. you fucking moron
I bet wikihow has great gui- wait fuck
you’re the one getting dissected 😨
[/r/neoliberal outside the DT](https://old.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/hfowcp/but_we_have_high_speed_rail/) 🤝 tankies thinking China is socialist
BREAKING: Popular musician Prince to remove word "Prince" from his name, citing classist history of the term
Gen A humor: Haha
Bruh, not only white people speak English Also, Spain basically drafted the entire workforces of the countries they conquered into slavery. Talk more about how the white Spanish speaking descendants of encomenderos don't have white privilege.
wojak isn't much newer, so probably never
Ascribing 21st century ideologies to a 1st century carpenter is mind numbingly fucking stupid
god please no
Sisters are at least actual normal humans, in that they haven't undergone extensive genetic and physiological modifications during puberty. Their boob armor is still pretty stupid though.
oh no, where will I get my memes about lynching landlords now? :(
/r/moretankiechapo conspicuously missing
The Dwight Christmas episode with [this guy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zwarte_Piet)
It's a hilarious gag, specifically because it shows Dwight's shocking ignorance, and trying to erase it from existence is really sad, especially since it's a joke at the expense of racists. The world is a little less funny and a little less anti-racist without it.
They're still literally deleting the punchline. It's not a joke at that point, it's just a meaningless plot point.
