Reinhard would be the most OP servant ever.
More Re:Zero please. And Fairy Tail.
He apparently can't use it all, but that's what the cat thing is there for. He can still use enough that he's stronger than your average Holy Knight. His physical prowess was on par with BoS Meliodas, so that already makes him stronger than most characters before the 10 Commandments arc.
Yo what the fuck. August isn't that much better than Ajeel? Are you forgetting that the reason both Ajeel and August were completely unaffected by Laxus's attack was because August casually gave them both shields that blocked the attack? Or that August used a fire based attack on *Natsu* and nearly seriously injured him had it not been for Universe One by Irene teleporting them away? And are you seriously implying that Irene was seriously damaged and nearly defeated? She's hardly bleeding at all. A bloody nose on a hot day probably bleeds more. She stood there and tanked their attacks with no difficulty. Natsu is past mountain. He also casually destroyed a mountain sized monster. Also, Natsu is very fast too. He's not exactly slow like you seem to imply.
What question do you want to be asked the most during this AMA? And what's your answer?
Domino is a transfer of status, so it transfers the status of "dead" to Superman, killing him.
Accelerator! Probably. Or Demonbane.
You're making me cry on the inside. Seryu Ubiquitous and Syura from Akame ga Kill are both equally despised by me. And I fucking lose to both. **R1**: Syura just has way too much fucking skill, he kicks my ass. Seryu has guns in her goddamn mouth and arms, it's not even a power. She just has them. **R2**: I might be able to hit them first if I'm lucky. Seryu immediately just shoots me, Syura might not have experience with guns, so I might be able to kill him. **R3**: ....yay! I have [Worm Powers](http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Worm_Physiology?useskin=oasis), a [really big mouth](http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Elastic_Jaws?useskin=oasis), and I can [breath lava!](http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Lava_Breath?useskin=oasis) Now I'm going to be petty right now, and say that they just have the same physical stats as me, and because their "powers" are separate weapons, they don't get them! Which means I kick their asses! If I'm not petty and they get their Teigu, Seryu's little dog fucking thing kills me and Syura probably teleports me into a volcano if he reaches me. But I might be able to prevent him from reaching me. I can't stop him from teleporting away though. If they get their original physicals then I stand no chance against Syura. Bloodlusted changes nothing. We're all bloodlusted anyways.
1000 Degree Knife vs Machine Gun
Escanor isn't beating Estarossa with that night form, and the only reason it affected Gloxinia and Drole was because it was a surprise attack. It only gave Meliodas a chance. Also, the form doesn't last long. Even if it did though, Estarossa has more than twice the power level he had and there would be no catching him off guard.
First off, it was most likely 11:15. The farmer specified *more* than a half hour before noon, so it's unlikely that it was 11:30. Also, I really don't see the point in mentioning that Estarossa can beat midnight Escanor. Of course he can. Hawk probably could. That seems a bit unnecessary. Estarossa is probably stronger than the Escanor we saw attack Galan, considering a 10K difference in power, and then the fact that he could still react to the near 11:15 Escanor and move him is even more impressive. But the fight was pretty one-sided on Escanor's side. Estarossa's magic allowed him to deal with the overwhelming power Escanor had, but Escanor had many chances that he didn't follow up on simply because of how cocky he is.
Isn't that false though? Because we have no clue how many atoms are in the universe.
Yes, Estarossa's magic power is actually quite pitiful though. Gloxinia himself has about 15x more magic power. That comment was just strange imo. It didn't make any sense to me.
Please no BHB. On the other hand I love Warhead junction. I have my highest win rate of any map on it!
Taunt and Twin Blades together with the level 7 talent that heals for 1% health per attack would be OP.
How do you cancel Butcher's charge?
Escanor used his magic power, and didn't destroy him. He knocked them down and slightly injured them.
For everyone out there not feeling too great, check out r/wholesomememes. It might just help you out.
Wait, really?
Damnit, you just removed me I bought that a couple of days ago after saving up the 3000 I got from Season 1 because I could never decide what weapons I wanted gold.
20 Physical Armor, 20 Spell Armor, or 10 Armor? Something like that?
It was just random numbers, but I imagined it more like it wasn't a true passive but more akin to an ability on a short cooldown, like the banners. Maybe 6-8 seconds of the effect on a 20 seconds or so cooldown.
Wait, it destroys the person? Are you sure? Also I think she just exploited the rules.
&gt;* What did you think when you first met him in the manga or anime ? I thought he was pretty cool considering his arm wrestling with Mel, and the fact that he just regenerated from a shit ton of damage. &gt;* What do you think about him actually? He's great, one of my favorite characters in any series &gt;* What do you think about his personality and his development? I really like his laidback attitude to everything, and his development was great. &gt;* What do you think of his powers? I like that his powers allow him to be relevant even when he's technically a lot weaker than his enemies. They're just cool in general. &gt;* What's your opinion on his background and his future role in the story? His backstory is quite sad, but my favorite aspect is probably the fact that he [ ](/m "resurrected the Fairy Forest using his blood.") That was such a wonderful moment to see and find out what he did. &gt;* What relationship of him do you find the most interesting and/or developed ? Romantic or not. I really like how him and Mel play off of each other, and ever since he realized he was a dumbass for trying to kill Mel their relationship has improved.
The [**Redacted**]. Also, try to not attempt sharing end of series spoilers for something, please?
Not anymore ;)
You would think so, but it's not.
He's from Prison School, a hilarious show that manages to use nudity and lewd situations to *further* its plot. Did I mention it was hilarious?
It hurts.
Parasyte is great, and the soundtrack is amazing. I'm happy to see others haven't forgotten it.
You really meant no repercussions. I could just look things up on the internet too?
How else am I supposed to learn piano or anything else? Or keep sane... That changes everything. That'd probably be the best way to learn things, as going searching for every book you need might not be the most efficient route, even if you have as much time as you need.
It's not. But attempting to do some of the Easter Egg steps with randoms that only half listen can be quite entertaining if you've got at least one person listening. Of course, you don't have to have a bow if you don't want. Nor do you have to train or camp or anything. I tend to run around zombie maps, I find that far more fun.
Fucking Hawk got a power up. Ban better get one soon.
That's only if you can hit him into space.
Yes, they did.
Mirai Nikki made feel sick for about a week until I found that OVA. That was my first real experience with that "fucked me up" feeling. **Elfen Lied** will probably fuck you up. **Rin: Daughters of Mnemosyne** is pretty fucking crazy, don't remember much so it might not be what you're looking for. Just remember it has got some fucked up things in it. **Angel Beats** might leave you feeling pretty awful.
Like I mentioned, I was going for the most efficient way. Though that is an answer to my question...
Not as bad as I thought it was going to be.
It makes sense when you say that. Switching heads, and then all of the body parts in the ramen.
How so? It has a lot of ammo and Instakills zombies at every round? It even has utility with slowing zombies, and can function as a pretty good laser gun at the earlier rounds.
[Here,](http://mangalife.org/read-online/Harem-End-chapter-1-page-1.html) I recommend reading the first chapter. There's only 8 total. It won't take you long at all.
You know about it?
It'll fuck you up at least.
I've heard the reason is that Batman just follows the law. Murder is against the law. In war it's legal to kill someone.
Beginning of Series EoS=End of Series
Being a vigilanty is legal, so assaulting criminals is ok. Since that's legal, I don't know what else is covered under that list. There might be weird rules and what not. Also, Private Investigators essentially stalk people but wouldn't be classified as such, Batman might fall under similar categories. The nature of their laws are different, so what is and isn't legal is a little vague when it comes to things that vigilantes can do.
Regardless, it's accepted by the law one way or another. Whether it's legal, the cops looking the other way, or some sort of acceptance for JL members.
There's other merchandise as well that can be sold. I'm sure Keijo!!! body pillows already exist...
I was thinking along these lines as well. Being 10x as charismatic might be the best way to take him down.
&gt;Wish 1: I wish I had a million bucks! A million dollars tax free is given to you! Now you are rich. &gt;Wish 2: I wish to be fit and healthy! As you wish! &gt;Wish 3: I wish to find true love! You find true love! However, it is between two other people. These two people happen to be jealous of your fortune, and it turns out that you switched your physique with that of the man. Neither of them like that much. So they plan to kill you. And they succeed.
It's because he's the traitor and faking it! ^^^/s
I didn't notice at all. I even thought to myself at one point that I liked the animation. Zero impact on my experience.
Silver was my favorite. His cool and collected nature, and the fact that it seemed like everyone around him wouldn't stand a chance against him after his "fight" with Natsu, and the fact that the other 9 Demon Gates seemed to respect or fear him. He had a great design and his theme in the anime was top tier. Torafuzar is my second favorite. He kicked ass as well.
Oh shit, I wasn't aware Itachi could move faster than lightning. ^^/s RS, TS, CS, are all different. Boxers don't become Olympic Sprinters just because their arms can move fast or react quickly.
What makes you say that? Seems like an interesting thought.
That's really good. Good job!
I was wondering how the Jungle works to an extent. So the River Buffs give you mana from what I've read(as well as the buff), but what do those little tiny white dudes do? Why do they spawn sporadically? Is it possible to get adequate xp through only jungling?
I just wanna do good. I realized there was a whole side to the game I didn't know how to work. Being a Jungler is pretty interesting.
That's what I heard.
All life is wiped from the planet. He will go around, and people will attempt to his him off. But it will be for nought. There is nothing they can do. Within less than a week, he will be the only living thing on the planet. It'd only take that long because he wants it to. What happens afterwards? Only time will tell. He has the means to completely repopulate the planet, but that would most likely not have for a very long time.
There is a powerful race of Cannibals that gain power by eating living things, humans being the second most accessible and second biggest boost in power they can get. The first being other Cannibals who share the same power. So every so often, they'll have a giant free for all where everyone starts eating one another in an attempt to become the strongest. After the time limit is up, the strongest of the bunch go and get eaten by the weakest of the King's guards. The King and his small group of Guards do not participate in the battle. The children of the Cannibals grow extremely fast, so repopulation is quite easy, and not everyone participates.
What are some of those repugnant details surrounding her? It seems as though our sexiest characters share something in common, being disgusting pieces of shit worthy of everyone's hatred. I wanna see how bad yours is.
It's not where I would go, it's when I would go. There was time when, for a small moment in time, the entire world was at peace. Everyone got along in that moment in time, the sky was filled with beautiful lights, and a new fauna grew around. There was also a feeling of being at peace for everyone. Being at the origin of the phenomenon is where I'd be. It would last less then 10 minutes, but boy would it be worth it.
There's no way some loser kid who's a nobody would be the great 4th Hokage's son. That's probably the mindset anybody who considered the thought for a second might think. It's the whole deal with Batman. There's no way some rich playboy dude could could be sneaking out at night and kicking ass.
If I'm playing a game and everyone on chat is just fucking around and having fun. Just finding some random fun people to play with is very nice to me. I'm sure there are other things, but this is pretty recent.
We got Giraffe powers, Wax, String, Toys, Biscuits, Push, and many more. A lot of the powers are just used in crazy ways. Some are just intrinsically powerful, line Lava or Ice or Lighting, but of them just kick ass because the person using them knows what they're doing. Even ones that are already pretty good can be made even better with some creativity. Enel restarting his heart with lightning, Crocodile sucking moisture out of things, resurrecting once and then having power over souls. They go above and beyond. Their powers are stretched further than they should ever go. That Push power was used to "Push" pain and injuries from one person to another. And Luffy has rubber based powers by the way.
Her body is already fucked up. Her right arm is the only usable part of her body. The rest is broken and useless. Erza's just gonna be a ragdoll after this.
Ah shit. Acnologia is going to fight Irene again. That's gonna be crazy.
It's so funny going back and reading that prediction thread. This was a great chapter. I did not expect the Dragon transformation or the Deus Sema to pop up at all. Caught me off guard. Now I don't know what the hell is going to happen. Either way, Erza is done in this war unless Wendy learned some magic in Irene's body that lets her completely mend an entire person's body. It was also pretty crazy how Erza got one shot. Irene was a huge threat before, but it almost seemed like Erza could pull it off. In Dragon Form it just seems impossible.
She wanted a new body more than anything though. So killing off every decent body within the whole battlefield isn't the greatest idea. Plus she's sadistic as fuck, something we've been shown before. Killing off everybody in one go doesn't exactly give her a lot of pleasure. It's nothing unexpected I'd say. Given everything we know about her. Also, teammates? I'm pretty sure it'd be counter productive to kill everyone on her side and Mavis. The goal isn't to kill everyone, it's to get Fairy Heart and take out Acnologia. It seems as though everyone who complains about FT logic doesn't use a whole lot themselves.
&gt; If that fails, Brandish will just shrink her fractures. That's pretty funny. I really am wondering how she's going to end up. A lot of people thought she'd kick Irene's ass this chapter but that didn't happen. So maybe she'll end up like Natsu and Gajeel after the Laxus fight.
[**Gantz** - Chapter 29 Page 17](http://images.mangafreak.net/mangas/gantz/gantz_29/gantz_29_17.jpg?v5) Not my favorite manga but I know I liked it a lot. This is probably the most tame page ever.
&gt;mahou shojo site! Fuck. Why'd I read all the updated chapters in one go.
&gt;Nurarihyon was OP That's an understatement. I was hoping for one of those pages, but instead I got "Huh?"
Boros is the only one his casual punches didn't kill. He holds back on humans, so he wasn't trying to kill Garou, although he never knocked him out either. The "Serious Punch" for Boros ended up taking him out, but the punch didn't even connect. Just the air. And Boros had completely regenerated right before that.
What was the exact moment you started feeling uncomfortable? I wanna know just how early it was.
I didn't mean to imply that you downvoted. Just speaking out in case some people forgot. I don't think I'm following what you're saying entirely. I think I get it, but I'm not too sure. Are you saying he needs to be able to throw out punches on the right level consistently, or what?
You're stretching yourself very far. There is zero evidence for this, and the dude is human, not an Angel. I know you addressed this, but I doubt he's getting switched up.
I certainly do.
Potassium. 1. Not really anybody I couldn't normally beat. 2. I could assassinate anybody that has a normal functioning body, aka, they rely on their body functioning to live. 3.... I don't really know what the applications of potassium bending actually are really.
Surprisingly, it actually isn't.
Stop time exists, that's why. If you could have the stop time when not moving ability, then maybe that'd change.
Stop time, all the way. So many applications. No reason to pick anything else.
Exactly. That's just one possible thing. You could do pretty much everything instantly.
Even then you could learn the timing and doing it again immediately after it ends.
I would like to see that.
I don't know what any of that means, but it sounds cool.
It basically means for this that talking can essentially take zero time to happen. Usually for speech purposes and whatnot.
About .27 km. So, no.
There's a very big difference between using actual children in pornography and someone drawing something, no matter how crazy the drawing is. There are no victims in the creation of the drawing, only potential would be viewers who'd rather not see the drawing. Is this what you needed therapy for, or was it something else?
&gt;.27 &gt;Point two seven Not 27 km.
Word of God confirmed he is a lightning timer. I forgot their exact position, but no one was sure whether Kratos could actually lightning time, so someone asked. Kratos is a lightning timer.
Kratos is a lightning timer. He far outspeeds everyone in these matchups. He also overpower Atlas when he tries to crush him, and Atlas holds the weight of the planet up. Ares also ripped out Atlas's soul, and soul ripping is related to physical strength. Kratos overpowered Hades ripping out his soul and then Kratos ripped out Hades' soul. This is all information from the respect thread. Kratos is pretty damn powerful.
&gt;New York City, the most populous city in the United States, is home to 6,154 completed high-rises, 113 of which are 600 feet (183 m) or taller. The tallest building in New York is One World Trade Center, which rises 1,776 feet (541 m). This is New York, when the city isn't rebuilt every other week. I doubt the skyscrapers would be exceptionally tall in the OPM universe.
I didn't really do anything sadistic as a kid, I didn't really wanna ever hurt people. If I ever did anything spur of the moment that did end up hurting anybody I'd always feel bad and apologize immediately. The most sadistic thing I did though was win those "Slap" games(you take turns slapping each other's wrists/arms as hard as possible). And enjoy winning them. You could never get me to stop that game first. I'm undefeated.
It is all about execution. Premise means shit if you can't execute it properly. You just have to accept that not everything you do, in fact pretty much nothing you'll do, will be never done before. My entire world is pretty much just an amalgamation of things I like. Plagiarism is stealing, having similar ideas or taking inspiration/paying tribute to things is not plagiarism. Just have good execution.
310% I believe.
Oh god
I knew exactly what this was before I saw it. There is simply no other possible reaction picture that would fit this better.
It's pretty structured. It's weird though, in that there are no upper limits, but there are limits with how much you can do at any point in time. There's unlimited potential for power, but the limits for those that aren't extremely powerful are pretty clear. There is some Deus ex Machina aspects, but those are not going to be utilized in such a way. They just have the potential to save a lot of people. There's some minor attempt at physics, or rather the attempt to explain why magic ignores it.
Magic is made more efficient when there there are more restrictions placed on them(think Hunter x Hunter nen). Making things spells are the easiest way to place a lot of restrictions with as little effort. You might need to say the name, take a stance, do hand signs, or all of the above in order to make use of magic you normally wouldn't be able to. The more complex the magic is made, the cheaper the magic cost. Spells usually are exclusive to individuals, because it's up to the person whether they want spells or not. Otherwise they just use magic in a very broad way. Create fire and form it however they want, etc. There are some 'universal' spells that everyone can learn, and these exist because a Master Enchanter enchanted the planet, or put up a field that basically allows the use of several hundred spells that a friend of his had made as their normal spell repertoire. So after that point everyone could use these spells if they learned it. A lot of big magic changes are because of Master Enchanters doing something. There is only one Master Enchanter at a time, but there is not a Master Enchanter at all times. They are very rare. Also, High Enchanter or Master Enchanter? Which one sounds better?
It's not true, but he was relatively on par with the Sins. Stronger than most non-Sins. Escanor starting in the morning was the strongest Holy Knight for a long time.
Now you're just being an ass.
Yea, it was a joke comment. If it isn't then it's not even worth responding to, but I'm pretty sure it was just a low effort joke.
That's interesting. I'll have to check it out. My world is more magic based, so do you have any suggestions for good Xianxia?
Thank you for that. I'll have to check those out.
Thank you very much.
This is post-timeskip Wendy. She's also never needed to do something like that before.
Serena has shit combat feats. We have no reference for him. Wahl definitely has good ones for sure, but the best? No. Better than Irene? Definitely not. She destroys Erza's body in one go. Kicks her ass the whole fight(while Erza was amped mind you) and she didn't dodge shit. Irene planted her damn feet like the Gildarts vs Natsu fight. She even tanked Slayer magic. She also can summon a meteor capable of destroying a very large area, and knock Acnologia back. Serena has shit feats regardless.
Come on. At least give us an Acnologia rematch. This would've been perfect. Acnologia could've shown up right now and then next chapter they fight. I didn't really like this. Acnologia's appearance whenever it happens again better be really fucking hype.
Not really. Gildarts just said he'd be interested in fighting him at full power and stated he might've been a force to be reckoned with at full power but he was just a small fry now. Nothing really points to him being completely equal with Gildarts. And Gildarts is also pretty much pure hype like Serena. Only Gildarts survived being one shot by Acnologia, and hasn't been one-shot since. It's really unfortunate that Serena didn't get to show off. He had the potential to be really fucking cool.
Full Counter just affects non-melee attacks. It affected wind pressure before. It doesn't matter what the other thing is made of, as long as it's not melee.
[Air pressure is being reflected here.](http://images.mangafreak.net/mangas/nanatsu_no_taizai/nanatsu_no_taizai_1/nanatsu_no_taizai_1_46.jpg?v5) It's reflected again a few pages later if you need that. While it's "specified" that it's magic being reflected, it seems to be there strictly for mentioning it's a non-melee attack, which magic has pretty much always been.
Ichigo is actually the strongest, by a pretty decent margin.
[If you don't mind spoilers I guess, here's some reasoning behind why Ichigo is stronger.](https://www.reddit.com/r/whowouldwin/comments/5pdh88/ichigobleach_vs_narutonaruto/dcqc5yz/)
&gt;tbh, guy would probably stomp him... Not fast or strong enough to stomp. &gt;not to mention EoS naruto and sasuke... Same as above.
Accelerator is weak as shit physically, but using his powers he would be able to rip Hulk apart.
Using Vector Manipulation. Nothing really has durability against him. The reason Hulk would be difficult to rip apart is because of the force pushing back on the person tearing. Accelerator can reflect those vectors, so the very force preventing him from tearing the Hulk up would actually help him rip. His power is a little tough to explain, especially since it uses a lot of physics.
Well considering he beat the whole Oracion Seis and Jellal at the same time with little difficulty and can potentially harm Natsu with heat/fire based attacks, I'd say Jellal and Laxus probably can't beat him.
Accelerator is weak as shit physically(needs assistance walking and is just skinny normally), but beating Spiderman would be easy as fuck using powers. Unless you meant weakest overall.
I didn't even consider that. He got the ship he sold his soul for, *stolen.* That's gotta be rough.
I like the idea of him getting stronger with more enemies nearby. Maybe stronger the less teammates too. True Valor.
Perhaps he has a Base "pool" of buff status, and it's simply split between nearby teammates. Maybe using an ability increases the effect for himself. So it's still useful even when teamed up.
Acnologia didn't attempt to blitz Jellal btw.
Laxus should take it. His magic can be shot out faster, does more damage, he's more durable, better in CQC, and quite fast himself. The one thing Jellal has on him is defensive magic, considering Laxus has none. There's also the fact that Jellal has demonstrated minimal growth, if any at all, over the timeskip, and even back then Laxus and Jellal were considered quite equal. Yet current Laxus is leagues above pre-timeskip Laxus. Edit: Ignore all of that. I didn't see the Tartarus part. Considering Laxus was heavily injured from consumption of particles at the time it should be a relatively low difficulty fight for Jellal. Laxus is at a huge disadvantage, and they're normally pretty even.
/u/blackjack_bot deal me in
HIT
It just means there was rapid growth in that area either from fat or muscle gain.
The cap for percentage damage scales too. If you look in the OP it shows that their health doesn't go above the cap, unless they did their math wrong.
Unfortunately, we didn't get to see a lot of Gouketsu. If we are to believe his claims about Bakuzan being a Dragon threat, then I'd say it's safe to say that Gouketsu is a pretty high level Dragon. I imagine that based off of the very little information we have, Gouketsu would win. Not easily, of course. He would certainly have a tough time. But damn, that dude's eyeballs were tough.
Yea, it shouldn't be too long before that goes away.
I've never played Kerrigan on IS, is it really that easy to just jump back and forth with her Q?
Well you could use the information advantage he had and end up using that to make him weaker. The longer it takes to enact his plan, the more they learn about him. He can have things that might make him seem invincible, but that's only because it looks that way. Make the protagonists lack of knowledge on the enemy the main strength. The more they learn, as they naturally will learn over the course of them dealing with him, the easier it becomes to deal with him.
It's easily accessible already. Plus, you can move it to the 1 key if you really need. Or you could just make it an option. Right click or hit the button. Hell, put it as a control option. Right click default.
Considering they were toying with full powered 10 Commandments, they're probably all 65K+. Remember that the 10 Commandments we've seen thus far have been weakened Commandments without any real magic power.
Are there loopholes in your magic system? Is there a spell that would make up for a lack of "sponginess" either by opening more "pores" or transferring into someone else's body that is a better sponge? Things of that nature.
Obi-Wan is one of the strongest defensive saber duelists and was exhausted by the end of the fight. Anakin is also no where near as trained in the force as Darth Vader. Anakin was also not really in a good state of mind. Woah, he beat someone that let himself die. Pretty weak, huh? I'm going to ignore this point because it doesn't make sense. As for the last one, doesn't he *not* want to kill Luke? I thought the whole point was that he wanted the Emperor dead but couldn't do it himself. This was his redemption. Vader has plenty of good feats. And saying he's useless without legs, arms, and a way to breathe is kind of stupid you know. Cuz duh.
Thank you.
I didn't realize pandas had opposable thumbs.
Can someone explain to me how this is TumblrAtRest?
Wait They do?
For that last feat, he just summons lighting in front of him, Laxus doesn't go anywhere. Still a feat for lightning speed attacks though.
Damn some of you are stupid, can't even tell what song this is from. Smh
Erza is *not* producing swords with magic in the same way Natsu, Gray, Laxus, etc. do. They already exist, and she is simply summoning them and occasionally using a form of telekinesis to move them.
Are you in a lot of fights or something? I don't see why having a battle oriented fruit would matter.
This isn't QoL. It's a huge^^^^necessary nerf to the enemy.
Didn't they say that an RC cells were related to the change? Like in Mutsuki's situation I think?
Guys, this doesn't even depict him being stronger than Saitama. He could be twice as strong as Boros and still make it sort of look like a fight. Or he might actually have powers that make it more even.
Probably
I saw a comment from you in another thread mentioning your Lunara love. It got me to play her and it's been real fun. I'm sure you have answered most questions regarding gameplay, so let me ask you this: What's your favorite skin for her?
Considering Acno immediately recognized a magic as new, I'd say that's pretty impressive. He seems to be extremely knowledgeable on various magics.
[Poor Future Rogue.](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/0cKANmhIkcw/maxresdefault.jpg) And why is Hades not here? :(
Very well done.
You ever get Gul'dan on Punisher Arena? That's dominating unfairly. Nothing would change.
It doesn't apply to objective based monsters.
Holding space all of the time is very annoying and distracting. That's unfortunately not a good recommendation.
They could just make the healing stronger while not moving. That way you can get the best of both worlds.
It's 10.
The Madara copypastas were about Natsu all along!
That's a good point, but there will always be people like Kirishima or any other character with damage resistance quirks. Those are the ones the powerful OfA would be posed on to.
That most certainly isn't the case. Eventually he will get to that point, but it has been stated multiple times that even 5% of the power destroys his body(8% is manageable now I think), so his Base 100% is only around 5% of his total power for most of the series so far.
100% is not 100% if his body crumples up before even reaching that point.
Well he can reflect anything, he just has to see it coming is the issue he had.
Good idea for when the next chapter comes out.
I mean, of course Saitama isn't getting beaten by Koro sensei, but after-images don't mean shit. Every series has a different "speed" to create afterimages. So it's a terrible way to compare speed.
Ring of Frost, while difficult, does at least have a much larger AoE than the Giillotine. That's my issue with it for the most part. It's a more difficult to land Dragon's ~~Strike~~ Breath on a longer cooldown that sometimes doesn't even do as much damage.
My bad, Dragon's Breath. Chromie's ability.
Is it Li Ming, or the character they're picking?
That's one who can do it.
Because you don't want your family giving money away for nothing.
Doesn't quickcast do the same thing for Q? I don't think there's a difference just because of how it functions.
You're awesome dude!
This is bronze though. They might not do it. Potato is the keyword here.
It would be cool if it at least increased his mount speed to 140%. Honestly his talents just need to be reworked. There's only one good build.
It's only purpose is to chain. If it was baseline but you couldn't chain it'd be pretty useless.
It's 12 seconds per hero hit and there are 3 different slashes. Hitting two heroes all three slashes with another one thrown in fully resets it.
Ben 10,000 boy
Link? That sounds hilarious.
That's not how temperature works dude. https://www.livescience.com/614-record-set-hottest-temperature-earth-3-6-billion-degrees-lab.html There's temperatures many times hotter than the sun on Earth at pretty much all times. Hell, lightning reaches temperatures that exceed that of the surface of the sun. And regardless of it being possible, it's a damn manga. It doesn't have to be realistic.
&gt;Hell, scientist said that if the Sun comes a little closer on Earth ( just a little bit lol ), life would be impossible. This statement is false. No scientist worth anything would ever say anything like that because the Earth deviates millions of miles over the course of the year. Which I don't think anyone would consider is a little bit. Nuclear bombs create heat that far exceeds the temperature of the sun. You seem to have quite a few misconceptions regarding the way temperature works and some general misconceptions all around.
It's not a damn circle. It's not the same distance away from the sun at all times. If the Earth was closer to the sun by a little bit nothing would happen, because it already goes closer and then gets farther away, because that's how fucking ellipses work. https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/2ian9u/if_the_earth_was_closer_or_further_from_the_sun/
I'm level 8 and I'm on the boat right after the Dallis fight right before Driftwood(I think, I'm not there yet) :( Is it gonna be tough?
&gt;It's probably worth. Not like she's evil anyway so if I'm part of a path it's probably not a bad thing. It's also not like she's against doing some horrible things to get to her goal.
I came across these undead hero graves, but when you first kill them they just resurrect stronger. Took me a couple tries before I got the right positioning down.
&gt; [**NOT** NSFW] That's what is know as...SFW.
Which is good.
R W E so you get the charge after ulting.
Diablo needs his power spikes and falls. The reason he can be so strong at max souls is that he can also become weak very quickly. They did internal testing and found that only on dire situations would anyone ever choose to give up souls to revive.
Hey man, don't be talking shit about the Ultimate Teigu!
This [Leviathan](https://sandara.deviantart.com/art/Worm-Endbringer-Leviathan-602742001) art. Exactly how I imagined my favorite Endbringer.
Hax would be their power set. Typically used to describe powers that "ignore" a certain stat, usually durability.
You got a link to when he was exposed? Not doubting, just sounds funny.
It was tourettes, not anxiety. Off course, whatever the reason was doesn't matter because he's got a podcast himself.
If you play her and don't do it then of course you won't see it. Before the match starts Blizzard is global from your gate.
They view them as less than human. They aren't looking in another "human's" eyes, from their perspective. Or even thinking of them as humans when they order their deaths. It's similar when people hear of pedophile child rapists and enjoy the thought of them getting raped themselves, or talking of other horrible fates for the criminal. They put this person who has done horrible things on a level below human, and bask in the idea of horrible things happening to this person. That's probably the most common act of dehumanizing. The Nazis did much the same thing. Thought of the Jews and others as lesser. While you may never think of anyone else as less than human, I don't imagine it's difficult to understand those that do.
What do you mean?
If you take the 30% cleave damage on 16 then wave clear and camp taking capabilities skyrocket. Still not fantastic, but she's tough and will get them easily enough.
Fuck yes. So happy to hear that.
Saitama bringing his first back created a vacuum that drug his body down. Ez
Do keep in mind that one of the most recent episodes was super fucking kick ass. It's on its own tier in terms of episode quality. So if you enjoy high quality fight ~~scenes~~ episodes, I'd advise you start up again if for nothing other than episode 19 of season two.
I think it's just the social aspect. Why invest time into a Quirkless hero when I could go use Joe who has an even barely useful Quirk and use that Quirk in addition to the Tech. Even a slightly useful Quirk is better than none, at least in the eyes of the people that matter. Regardless of the fact you've got the guy from Vigilante, Mirio, Stain, and Aizawa who are all absolute beasts in physical combat without Quirks that enhance their ability to do so. They're probably outliers and it's far more worth it to invest in a hero with a Quirk rather than bank on the chance a Quirkless one will become strong.
I'm not arguing that Deku couldn't become a hero without a Quirk, it's just what would be the point in accepting him into UA? He's smart and analytical, but physically he's not too great(it's only after he learns he's getting a Quirk that he trains). Why invest in the chance that he does eventually become a physical beast when they could get someone who is physically the same or better, maybe not as smart, but has a Quirk that's useful in a variety of situations. There's no comparison. In terms of returns, the Quirks will almost always pay off, while the normal kids...well it's better if they had a Quirk.
For me the plot of that show was never the focus. It's the characters from another world interacting with entirely new things and dealing with the fact that they're from that other world. The power interactions are also neat. So I guess if you're in need of a really strong plot for the enjoyment of a show then perhaps it wouldn't be the best for you.
Oh I know that. My point is more that even with a super powerful Quirk you still might not get into the Hero Course. What chance would you have with no Quirk if Mind Control doesn't make you a Hero? There's already a predisposition in society towards the flashy Quirks.
&gt; &gt;Shinsou didn't get shafted completely as a hero. He got shafted because of [a fault in the U.A exam](https://i.imgur.com/KNJS1aa.jpg) since he didn't meet any of the big requirements i.e do something heroic or just pass the theoretical/practical exam. It's possible he could still be a hero at another school. That's my point though, is that this "fault" that was a part of the exam is society as a whole. The fact that so many people want a hero that can show off. One that's big and in your face, like Mt. Lady. A guy without a Quirk is the complete opposite of that. It's highly unlikely a Quirkless kid would get far.
[This is after he gets that power.](http://images.mangafreak.net/mangas/bleach/bleach_683/bleach_683_16.jpg) He gets it once he absorbs all of the lackies, right?
Even extra sensory abilities would be affected. Hell, a guy that could see the future was affected and couldn't tell he was under the illusion. There's also the fact that Aizen was able to make them sense his resident soul energy or something.
I mean, we have more than 5 senses so that's already wrong. Theres also the fact he manipulated a guy's ability to sense and change the future. I think it'll cover the spidey sense.
Bleach has higher tier physicals than Naruto and better hax than DBZ and Naruto. I can't speak for Torino, but from what I've read they're above the rest in terms of hax and speed, which means they kick ass. Naruto is easily the weakest of the bunch by a pretty large margin.
It's a pretty damn good show that has a lot fun with itself, and well, it has what you're looking for. And in a combination of what you're looking for, there's a kickass theme for one of the characters where the lyrics are German!
Obviously Pichu.
It actually makes sense.
You can always just reactivate it.
Honestly, I only see Tatsumaki beating him based on what we've seen so far. Her range would prevent Gouketsu from getting close and her offensive output is more than enough to put just about every monster down(except Boros and Orochi). Even if he's not capable of hurting Dark Alloy, I don't think Gouketsu would lose to him either. So only Tats.
His 4th Gear super attacks were capable of [this damage,](https://i.imgur.com/roDiHRS.jpg) and I'm positive Luffy is stronger now with faster attacks. Not to mention he has Conquerors haki which will incapacitate quite a few. Luffy has some fire power and can cover a lot of ground. He's more than capable of being a Dragon threat just off the basis that most S-class heroes would lose to him easily. Tatsumaki or Saitama would have to respond in order for their to be a chance of stopping him. Current Luffy is way above most of OPM.
Looks fine on mobile. If it's not right though just report it.
Now it's fucked up on mobile. Report!
He was fast as lightning pre-timeskip. He's way faster than the SoS. Thank goodness, speed of sound ain't shit to the higher tier OPM characters. Even Genos is supersonic.
Thanks for saying so
Seryu Ubiquitous from Akame Ga Kill.
Typically it's ones that I know I'll recognize as them completing their goal. I'll know when Naruto becomes Hokage, I'll know it when Luffy finds the One Piece, when Deku becomes the greatest hero, and I'll know when Subaru makes Emilia his girlfriend. These are all goals with finish lines that require certain things to change within the characters and how they interact with others, as well as how others interact with them in order to achieve it. Seeing those changes happen and wondering what will cause them is awesome.
It's comics. There's different versions. Some versions can survive abilities that erase things from existence.
I only think it'd be cliche if they suck at doing their job. Crazy nut Cultists for any given apocalypse are bound to exist, but that's how they're usually treated. As crazy people who can't really function. If they're capable of pulling off highly effective raids, well that would be quite cool.
He didn't exhaust it during the festival, Helbram beat it out of him.
Trion Juggernaut gets a strength feat that lets him punch through dimensions.
Definitely not.
SB Thor has extremely good offensive output with...Stormbreaker. You seemed to completely discount the fact that his axe went straight through an energy beam from all 6 infinity stones and still impaled an extremely durable character.
We saw them fight and they were relatively even.
He easily wins, and he most likely destroys Wakanda along with everyone in it using the Power Stone. Anyone capable of surviving that(lol) gets turned into bubbles.
Considering Jack Slash could beat Contessa, you'd need to not include him otherwise Defiant still loses.
His reasoning is based on "Saitama always One Punches," but we use feats here. That reasoning doesn't fly.
Ummmm, no.
Everyone is a non-factor, Ywach is in this fight.
Ywach He can do whatever the fuck he wants.
Well, Akainu is always bloodlusted as far as I can tell. R1: This is right around when he fought the Vampire dude IIRC. Escanor stomps. He's most likely got a speed advantage, so toss in his vastly superior damage output and you got yourself a victory. R2: The One fucking melts Akainu. Escanor at even weaker points would destroy Akainu. Matching him up when he's at his strongest is unfair.
It started back up?!
Is this a copy pasta
Now we're getting contradictory. Honestly at this point I just assume Saitama is capable of killing them, but he'd need a direct hit on the core with his Serious Punch.
He pulled Hulk's arms off his neck pretty easily. I'm basing it off that and the fact that he knocked out Hulk very easily, while even Thor couldn't in a longer period of time.
Granted, in that moment, I imagine even if Nana was as fucking skilled as Batman AfO would've still said that. Dude just wanted to piss off All Might. He hates him.
It's absolutely worth reading, if for nothing else other than the God Tier art. Seriously, Yusuke Murata is one of the best manga artists out there, if not the best. Read it.
Is this the pussy slapping subreddit?
He had to be told not to use his Quirk excessively multiple times IIRC. And he jumped in and almost got stabbed without that warning. Bakugo was going to fight regardless of orders too.
I mean, Estarossa does have such an overwhelming victory that his monologue is actually ok. Even if he were by himself he'd have been fine. But he had 8 others of similar or slightly lesser power than himself nearby.
But, the snap might not even kill them at all. What prompts have "Could Naruto save everyone from Thanos's snap?"
Well, it's most likely shrunk down, so they'd be small.
He can't use Almighty to push someone off the stage. Everything else is a go.
The fight name is in the comment above me, if you didn't want any spoilers for it you shouldn't have read further down.
Winning in any other way other than pushing him off the stage.
...making him flat out die. Causing all of his attacks to do nothing. Ywach controls the future. He can win in any way he wants. He doesn't need to push him off.
Accelerator's "weaknesses." No, you aren't going to punch through his defenses, nor are you going to utilize pulling your punches to actually hit him. Also people calling him a psychopath or crazy. While the dude does have some crazy moments, he's really not as insane as some people like to imply.
Killed hundreds of clones that have their memories uploaded to the others. While it's definitely not completely justifiable, it's not like any single one of them weren't preserved. Their experiences are all given to the others, so none of them "truly" died. Otherwise uploading your consciousness to a robot body would be considered suicide, but instead it's just a transference. I know they aren't interchangeable words, I'm just pointing out that people throw both of those around a bit and that neither really applies. Abnormal moral compass might though, but the dude has been a target of assassination for years and people kill themselves using his power all of the time. The guy can't live a normal life, and people downplay what that constant assault on his life can do to him by simply calling him crazy.
Better to read the story, the wiki pages will most likely have major spoilers and Worm is really good. There's a lot of interesting powers as well, so if you're into that you'll like it even more. Highly recommend it! Just don't go to the subreddit or wiki pages unless you want spoilers.
Why would punching at Mach 1 be an achievement for one of the strongest characters when the Phantom Troupe can casually move FTS? His attacks and reaction time are clearly hypersonic. Not on OP level, but calling it Mach 1 is downplaying it way too much.
Thanos said he was going to leave half of humanity alive because of Tony Stark.
...yea he is. Only Mel might be stronger when he comes out, but he's not out yet so only the Deities. Can you point me to who you think is stronger?
Are you really comparing patience with children to endurance in a fight?
Honestly I just built Necromancers and Fire Wall spam in order to beat the AC. In the early rounds its about having more slightly less upgraded monkeys in favor of having one singularly strong monkey, that way you don't have to worry about RNG.
Galand still has some of the coolest [strength feats.](https://i.imgur.com/Dtd9SoT.jpg) He was great for showing the difference in power. Now I want some strength feats that demonstrate the difference in power between puny 26K Galand and the 200K+ characters now. Mostly we get magic feats though. I guess it's easier than trying to swing your sword and destroy the whole city.
I don't think that word means what you think it means. Asspull means that the powerup came from nowhere, that there was no reason to expect the character to demonstrate as much power as they did or to grow in strength as rapidly as they did, which isn't the case for any of the characters at all, especially Ban, who essentially had a 1K+ years training session.
Has it been two days though? I was under the impression it was at least a day and most likely more just based off of Ban's own statements on how long he's been there, but not that it had actually been a full two days.
~~He didn't become the Dragon's Sin of Wrath until after Danafor, so he was at 3K at the time.~~ Well maybe I didn't remember the order of events correctly.
I thought he got sealed after Danafor. That was his sin, and they thought he couldn't control his power. Well oops.
You could have the enemy target your main character, and have your main character try to get to a safe place. If they're an obvious weak link then it's an easy target. So now the battle revolves around the normal character and the actions they make(trying to minimize the danger they're in) without them actually being involved in the fight directly. Of course, you can't do that every time. You could give them technology or supernatural equipment that let's them see the battlefield and assist with battlefield awareness, and basically be the guy whispering in the ear of the person in battle, giving them direction and info. Or if there's ways for non supernatural folk to compete like anti-magic/powers/whatever stuff or just guns I guess, you can have them get good with that stuff. So if there's an inherently anti-supernatural group out there that develops technology like that you can have that land in the hands of the MC.
Have it take time to prepare. So the distance being traveled is proportional or exponential to the time it takes to prepare the spell. So short term "Blink" type movements are still possible. Still useful in combat, but for long range, it's gonna take some time. So when there's downtime, it's not a problem. They just wait an hour or two and it doesn't matter because no ones in danger so you can skip it. And in dire situations it's not broken because you can't just poof out of danger. There's still tension to see if you can afford to wait long enough to teleport away. Also have them able to teleport weapons to themselves that they prepare in advance. Dissappearing and being replaced with a bunch of grenades seems like a really badass attack. And teleporting enemy attacks away. That really strong spell they're finally unleashing? Gone. Of course it needs to go somewhere, but it looks cool.
I feel like I didn't get any moabs on Round 40. Apoc is too random for my liking.
Yea they all kinda fucked up.
The latter.
I mean, that just means more exertion in a shorter period of time. It's not like holding your breath is just a time that starts when you stop breathing.
Nah I'm pretty sure he's dead. He might not be out of the story forever, but he's definitely dead.
What the hell is Baruja?
The anime episode where Meliodas fights Gloxinia and Drole. I also love Helbram vs Meliodas. Escanor vs Meliodas was also pretty great, and Escanor vs Estarossa of course. And Galand vs Sins and Ban
I don't know his name either lol. The cat thing was pretty damn beat up though. And it really looked like Arthur definitely died.
Well that makes sense.
No one can even beat round 9?
Have you ever read the sub sidebar?
Except now it's also just plain old dudes. Not even a tranny, just a dude.
What are you talking about?
There's no bacteria being secreted by their mouths or living in it that would lead to debilitating conditions or infections in the animals they bite. Edit: Clarification and: https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/phenomena/2013/06/27/the-myth-of-the-komodo-dragons-dirty-mouth/
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/science/phenomena/2013/06/27/the-myth-of-the-komodo-dragons-dirty-mouth/ What is this then. Now I'm confused. Perhaps there was bacteria but none that would lead to the deadly infections. Idk.
Did you even look at the post?
Where the hell is the shockwave? r/lostredditors?
Idk if that really counts as a spoiler. They just don't show up, that's all. Their time to shine was in the first iteration of the story and now it's time for other characters to have the spotlight. Taylor's arc is complete.
&gt; if you want to keep your sanity You're assuming quite a bit here.
So based off of my research on the penis birth tags, it appears that it is usually accompanied with some alien tentacle thing that implants an egg through the urethra into the penis or somehow the testicles. After a seemingly very short period of time, the penis begins expanding and the baby comes out of the penis, and the penis is usually left intact. One of them seemed to betray this common trend, and simply had a futanari grow two people inside of their balls through some unknown means. Their semen also seemed caustic in that they inserted a person into their penis and they commented on how they were melting. The whole thing was kind of unclear but in the end two people excited the penis while only one was seen entering. So there you go. Do know now whether you wanted the answer?
Not the guy but this one is probably the only good one they have. https://www.reddit.com/r/HistoryMemes/comments/a5l8dv/deus_vult
That is correct. However, if you compare only the webcomic feats Boros has, then it's closer. So once the manga catches up, I imagine the new feats will equalize them, or at the very least make their power levels far closer. As of now if you compare Manga Boros and Webcomic AG, Boros is definitely more powerful.
Lol, Boros?
Tbh I don't remember what the Boros feats were. I just know the moon kick doesn't even exist, which, besides the planet busting attack, is his strongest displayed attack and without it very severely nerfs him.
Nope. [This is the AG that lasts all the way up until he transforms into a more Monstrous body.](https://i5.mangareader.net/onepunch-man-one/89/onepunch-man-one-4360011.jpg) In other words, it's the same Garou that was completely incapable of hitting Saitama before he started reading his movements, and even after he started doing that, Saitama still matched his attacks after the table flip. Garou didn't get faster, he just read the movements better. Now, not a single attack Boros launched, was ever dodged by Saitama. In fact, Saitama blocked and clashed with Boros many times in rapid succession, and Boros managed to knock him back and around several times. And then he goes into Meteoric Burst, where for the first time ever, [Saitama displays surprise over someone else's speed.](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-vVFXMgKuHJI/V8r0A8KIf_I/AAAAAAAA6Ic/Ft2smVWtgeIEXe0Yfrl3JpQ-r_jL8jL3gCHM/s16000/0036-007.png) Now I'm not arguing that Boros is massively faster than Saitama, after all he noticed Boros moving very quickly in the first place, but Boros was able to consistently land hits the entire fight and land blows that AG, without reading his movements, could not match. In fact, at one point during each fight, the enemy appears behind Saitama and attempts to hit him. Saitama is struck by Boros, yet with AG he easily grabs him and flips him over his shoulder.
Well I'm not sure what I expected.
&gt;You don't seem to understand that Garou doesn't need to transform to be more powerfull, he always progress (and not only in skill, but in speed and strength too) when he fight an opponent stronger than him Well yes, but Garou clearly wasn't boosted enough cause he still got beat down by Saitama, and he admitted himself that he wasn't fast enough. &gt;Of course Saitama did't try to dodge against Boros in contrary of his fight against Garou, Garou can hit Saitama with ease too when he don't try to dodge. Saitama barely fight against Boros, most of the time he didn't even try to hit him, because every time he did it he injured Boros pretty badly, he completely accepted to be a punchbag to see his power, when against Garou he try to land many hit (and failed many time). When Saitama was first hit, he didn't try to dodge, but right after he hit him Garou failed to land those blows. Also, [the Boros fight traveled quite a bit with many blows happening](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-y-6ZPXbu-5Q/V8rz50EfpaI/AAAAAAAA6HM/Y1v77tLWdEcZh2uxkSh7t6lm5TB4IvE7wCHM/s16000/0035-028.png) rapidly in [quick succession,](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Sg9M5R3ljYY/V8rz6c0uwSI/AAAAAAAA6HQ/epP2FAm1lOwduK4IyZt6dGvZg1fdMsxcACHM/s16000/0035-029.png) but Boros was more than capable of keeping up with him and still landing hit. I also have trouble believing that Saitama didn't attack even once between the time he punched Boros's arm off until after he was kicked to the moon. &gt;Yeah, surprise he shown many (considerably more) time against Garou. The only displays of surprise were at Garou's endurance, not his speed. Unless of course you'd like to pull up scans like I've been doing to actually support what you're saying.
Well I did specifically ask for speed ones. But even then, I don't think that it's even a feat for surprising Saitama. I think Garou, through no real choice of his own, slipped out.
&gt;1. Sly. This means either something has to be going wrong in the gif, or the subject of the gif appears to be doing one thing but instead does another. Rule fucking 1 of this sub. Read the sidebar people. That's why this sub is becoming shit, people don't bother reading any rules and instead make up their own mind of what the sub is about.
Is that show good?
As of now, definitely weaker. When the manga catches up, maybe he'll be closer. I highly doubt he'll be stronger than Boros, but making it a close fight is likely.
Where are you getting Mach 400K from? And he's not melting it from his speed, he's just constantly emitting energy. I agree he'd still destroy, but I'm not sure where you're getting your info from.
Are you a troll or incredibly stupid?
Thing is that CE was already in his suit, and they were underwater, so it was ideal for CE to deal with the Ninja Monsters. If he started outside his suit he'd be fucked.
Webcomic AG is not as strong. He might be once the manga catches up, maybe, but he isn't now.
Greater scale does not necessarily mean that the fighter's power will be on a different scale. Boros had a fight that demonstrated his own power pretty well, but the fight itself was interspliced between another fight. It wasn't even the entire focus of the chapters it was a part of. Garou's, on the other hand, was one entirely about Garou. He was the focus, the climax of the buildup of more chapters than even existed by the time Boros popped up randomly. Of course the fight is going to have larger scale, that doesn't mean that the feats are going to be superior though.
Right now he's very much below Boros. The Moon kick and city busting energy projection with ease and from punches is just way above anything Garou has done, but with some good feats, he'll be able to catch up.
No he didn't. He said it'd be a good match. And if you just looked at the feats, he's clearly not equal. Maybe once the manga version of his feats come out, but definitely not now.
You do realize there's two fucking versions of each character right? And once they get to the manga their feats get better substantially? How would AG be equal to Boros, if in the webcomic right now, he's equal to Boros? That would mean that once the manga comes out and gives him massively better feats, that AG would be way above Boros. That's not equal, is it? Give some consideration to the words you're putting out there before you click send.
There were a ton of Holy Knights boosting his power level, and then Hendrickson came in. It's not like it's unreasonable for him to be close enough to 10K with all of those abilities and be and to defeat Mel who wasn't exactly clear headed.
The Fate series tends to have very good CGI that they blend very well into the scene, at least the ones Ufotable works on.
More nightmare fuel for me. I never have a single nightmare that doesn't involve dinosaurs, but I love em so much.
The name is literally in the post dude.
I was trying to preserve a Ghostfreak figure at one point, but my little bro tore that shit open one day years ago. Little shit.
Are they all from Reservoir Dogs?
What's this from?
Lol easily. The Mel that fought Escanor would get shat on, and even the one that punked Zeldris and Estarossa at the same time would probably be beaten. King just has such a vast array of tools he can use, and he was one of the fastest Sins back when they had comparable power levels. Mel was actually the slowest IIRC, so King may very well have that advantage.
That was not Prime, he was just stronger than 142K. So even if he jumped up to 200K+, that still doesn't really matter because King stomped a guy with a similar power level. Calling the DK a God means nothing, he's not even little g god. He's just really strong. Mel also doesn't use his original power, and we don't know what its limits are, range, does he need to be touching his opponent, etc. Pointless to bring up an ability with no known factors.
Garou easily stomps both rounds. Even injured in the second one he's still way faster than the speed of sound. He's a speedster in Skitter's only with no drawbacks and incredible physical ability to back it up. The bugs would die as he ran through them, if he didn't just want to pluck them out of the air in the first place.
It's not even speed equalized, DSK is still at minimum the speed of sound, which is faster than any of the MCU characters by a good margin.
DSK is way above Hulk and Thor. Biggest reason is he's way faster than they are and hits just as or even harder than they do. They aren't going to hit him, and even they manage to, it's more likely than not going to hurt him too substantially, and he can regenerate.
Vector manipulation, aka the ability to manipulate anything has a magnitude and direction. This includes velocity, acceleration, force, transfer of heat, momentum, etc. He has an active shield around him that at all times, unless he purposely deactivates it, will reflect any and all vectors aside from the ones he wants to affect him, such as gravity. He can also freely manipulate vectors, although this typically manifests in the form of manipulating the direction, there are some cases where he definitely can increase the magnitude of certain vectors. The nature of his power is reality warping, so essentially no brute force is capable of affecting it.
What part of his ability based on the guy's description of it doesn't make sense or seems like bullshit? Obviously his power breaks physics, but the comment didn't exactly seem to contain much bullshit. If something is coming at you at x velocity, then his power just makes it go the opposite direction at the same velocity.
Is that where the scoliosis comes from?
I think it was about shounen in general, not OP MC ones. Just look at Genos, he's basically a shounen protag(tragic backstory, hot headed, gets stronger very quickly over time striving to be more like the strongest, etc.), only with Saitama it completely changes the dynamic.
&gt;Thor and Hulk are both bullet timers. ...I don't remember this at all. Any links? Because I doubt they're faster than the speedster. &gt;They're going to hit him. Slower characters managed to land a hit on him and he didn't exactly try to dodge attacks. He took every hit head on. He mostly used his speed aggressively, not defensively. He tends to be aggressive, yes. Which means if he's significantly faster he's to be hitting them before they can get they bearings and hit back. &gt;Hulk and Thor both easily strike harder than DSK. Punches from the Hulk shook harlem, broke asphalt, and shockwaves damaged buildings. DSK punched through a missile bunker. He also knocked down a building and is pretty much fine after getting hit by characters that consistently destroy large chunks of the ground with their blows. Nothing you mentioned seems particularly special at all in the OPM world. &gt;Thor hits even harder. He crumbled a whole Island made of Ice with one strike, emitted massive shockwaves with each strike, and his shockwaves can be controlled and aimed and emit enough force to rip steel off. Not to take away from the really cool Thor feat, but it's not exactly like the ice he destroyed was structurally sound. The monster that was the size of Wet DSK running on it caused parts of it to break. Still cool, but not as impressive as your island of ice comment would lead one to believe. It also wasn't an island he destroyed. As for your emitting shockwaves and controlling them claim, I don't remember that at all. This also all relies on Thor being fast enough to hit DSK, which isn't likely given the speed difference. Regen is also a thing of they do manage to hit him.
Saitama is not a gag manga character bro.
&gt;superb characterization &gt;How is he *not* a gag character. You answered your own question. He's a character that goes beyond the "one punch" joke. He is a character that utilizes that gag, but he's not just the gag himself. A gag character is one whose sole purpose within the story is to be played for laughs for one specific purpose. Gag characters, due to being completely one dimensional and having the entirety of their existence tied to their gag, don't stick around long. To be the main character and be a gag character is simply not a real possibility, or if it was, it'd be an incredibly boring series. One Punch Man is also not a gag manga. It does contain comedy, and occasionally one punching will be used as a reoccurring gag, but the defining aspect and drive of One Punch Man is not the joke itself. It's the person that typically utilizes that gag. It's Saitama, and him trying to find a battle, as well as all of the characters he finds along his journey to finding a strong opponent. To simply say Saitama is a gag character *is* an insult and demeaning to the character ONE created. To call the One Punch Man manga a gag manga is also too simplistic, much like saying the only thing it's about is a dude who one punches things, how boring. That's not the case, and we both know it.
Current Mel destroys Luffy tbh. A closer match would be post Druid Mel, who is at 32K Base and with the Demon Mark at 56K, not the current version whose above 142K. Hell, you only need like 10K more power level to be able to stomp your opponent. Luffy is fucked if we're using current Mel. As for the bonus round, the One Piece universe has quite a bit of hax. However, so do the 10 Commandments. They're also physical beasts. I think if Zeldris gets Daddy's power level donation then they probably take it. They're actually one of the few groups that have the ability take over a place. Their ability to summon demons, make slaves, resurrect the dead, the fact that they can gimp just about anyone using Grayroad, and the fact that they can fly.
Lol you're fine. I just think this sub should have more powers that you can think of cool uses for, but are inherently not that great in the grand scheme of things. Too many "You shit golden razor blades now" be things along that line.
It's no *nut* nineteen, not no jerk off 19. If you can't nut for the girl it might be tough keeping that relationship for too long.
...that's correct. So does sex. Which the girlfriend might want.
Fate/Zero is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. Also like most of the Monogatari series I think.
I mean, you don't win by trying to use memes from the other side. You create one's that utilize our strength and tear down the other. We don't need Prequels and they don't need a Star Wars anime, although I'm sure the Clone Wars shows could be used that way. But they can't go to war, so it's not even an option.
They require Star Wars Prequel memes so by that definition we're fucked from the get go. No, you combine it. Strong animemes that comment on Star Wars in some way possibly incorporating lines from the movies as well. All wars would be over before they started otherwise.
They have a shit ton of people that's why. Wars are won by getting a lot of memes up voted on the front page of the other sub. Anyways, all I'm saying is that we don't need Prequel anime to get to their front page. That's already against their sub rules. You just need to include some star wars ***or***, commentary on the war itself.
...that's why you include those quotes. Or images. Only you relate it to anime. Or even misquote them. Or do the high quality gifs that are commentary on the war. We are anime. We always subtitle things. That should be easy.
Yea, Estarossa probably nullifies 90% of the One Piece universe. There's too many terrible people, it's so easy to hate at least one.
He also has the strength feat of resisting Bluenotes gravity, that even Natsu was incapable of standing in and is used to create craters in the ground.
As others have pointed out, the answer is "Comics." It just works like that. Same reason people like Colossus can move when their skin is metal. It just works.
Garou's been in really rough states before recovering, but it still took some time. As powerful as Orochi is, he might not adapt instantly from that much damage.
The anime keeps the story the same, but updates it with a more modern feel, as the manga is a bit old. The soundtrack is also amazing. If you just really like reading manga, then go for it. But you won't miss anything if you watch the anime.
Is no one gonna mention Parasyte? It has an [awesome soundtrack.](https://youtu.be/QQ_TFLYBG2c)
WDM does the opposite. He only goes after monsters attacking his city, he never ignores them.
[The soundtrack](https://youtu.be/jbg2imxhbb0) for embracing people was too good, I just had to do it.
I think the best annoying character, where literally every time he's onscreen is a little prick, is Beni from the 'Mummy.' I don't think the guy has a single redeeming quality whatsoever, and no one in the actual movie likes him as a person, no one watching the movie is going to like him either. However, his lines and interactions with the cast, especially his relationship with O'Connell, are done in such a way that he doesn't detract from the movie at all, and pushes the plot forward with his cowardice in a way that just makes sense for a man of his character. The biggest reason it works I think, is that his annoying actions have consequences, like being thrown off a boat and O'Connell bullying him. There was also a reason for him to be there, he was the reason for the Americans. So despite being a little shit, The Mummy just wouldn't be the same without him.
Hell yea, a Parasyte meme. There's like none of these.
Glory Girl fucking booking it at the sight of the Siberian. When the hero that was, just seconds ago, adamantly trying to defend and fight for civilians just...leaves with no warning, that's when shits going down. And based off of the description of the S9 previously, it wasn't too tough to figure out the one that would evoke such fear.
Snape would also be a decent Thinker too. He's got that special skill that let's him see into people's minds. Forgot what it was called.
Dang, it's rare to see Akame ga Kill love. But I agree it's awesome, I love the Trump Card system, it always meant something else was coming in the fights to the death.
Like the other guy is saying, why do you want stupid, uncreative people, to have powers that require being intelligent and creative to use?
[This one right here.](https://youtu.be/pvgUAzezuek)
I mean, if there's no houses or living people then it's gonna be tough to deliver presents.
He can't deliver to anyone if there isn't anyone to deliver to.
Dude, that doesn't make any sense. If there was one person, and he delivered to them, then he delivered to everyone. If he didn't deliver, then he didn't...deliver. Doesn't seem that complicated.
If no one got presents, Santa didn't do his job. That's the whole point. If someone tells me to paint their house and it gets burned down before I paint it, I didn't do my job. There is no house to paint, therefore I can't paint it, but I still didn't actually paint it.
**Engine of War** is an on the go Tinker. She has the brute strength and flight that comes with the Alexandria package, but also possesses two additional powers. A Tinker power that let's her create advanced or not-so advanced weaponry, only with the weakness of being very prone to the negatives of Tinker creations, they eventually fall apart without upkeep. Her creations won't last more than a few minutes away from her without falling apart. Now, how is this useful at all? That's where her other power comes in. A glowing blue 30'x15'x10' prism can be projected within 15 meters of herself. Within the prism, she can freely manipulate anything within it, Manton restricted however. It won't affect other people or their 'selves'(clothing, armor, weapons, etc.) With those two powers in conjuction, she can freely use the materials around her, move the prism around to collect them, create her Tinker Railgun, Missile Launcher, etc, and fly around firing away while being able to constantly maintain it on the fly. Acts as a general telekinesis power too. Overall just really fucking OP, but I really like the idea of a Tinker/Shaker Alexandria Package. Just seems like a cool idea.
Stand User: Corvo Attano Stand Name: **「Into the Void」**
OPM has similar ranking types in terms of threat level. There's a wide range of Demon and Dragon threats, and it takes a lot to get to God.
Re:Zero I was honestly looking for a different show that started with Re:, and I forgot the name so I went with Re:Zero. I had no clue what any of it was about, and I quickly realized the summary I read was definitely not for this show, but it didn't matter. I watched the first 11 episodes in one sitting. That was some good shit.
If it helps, each part is kind of it's own thing. So even though it's got a ton of episodes, it's not all one long thing.
What are Kakuja Eto's durability feats? As far I can recall she still gets cut up by Arima's weapons and whatnot.
A Parahuman with the Thinker ability to know how to maintain Tinker Tech effectively. If they get their hands on your Tinker Tech, they're gonna know how to use it.
Instead of freezing, how about altering other's perception of time. If they manage to pull the trigger on a gun, the bullet is still moving at the same speed, but their ability to react to you will be hindered. It comes with inherent limitations like how it only affects people, and you can even split your Pause further into all objects being slowed in a bubble, but not people or their "selves"(basically everything on their person, clothing, CQC weaponry, etc wouldn't be hindered).
Hurts as in it is emotionally painful because the last parts of the movie are pretty sad. So, it's not a negative thing in this case. Just a comment on the emotional effect.
I definitely would've enjoyed more variety with his power set in the fight. That's not to say he's gotta have crazy bs powers, because it's not like he'd be that much more powerful if copied the entirety of Class 1A anyways, quantity of powers isn't so great if they're all different. I would've preferred a couple more abstract higher quality powers, or a stacking attack of something that's not brute force just to showcase what other Quirk types could do when combined with a bunch of other similar or synergistic Quirks.
Doesn't Manhattan get multiversal at some point? The only real protection Scion has is his locked dimension, but I feel like if Manhattan has BS enough hax then he could potentially get through. If not, it's a stalemate because neither can hurt the other. I don't see how Stilling could hurt Manhattan, and Manhattan can't access his true body, so he can't hurt Scion either.
R1: He's way too slow to be S-Rank unfortunately. Even Zombieman beats him in speed despite not being great at non-attrition based combat. He'd probably be top 10 A class though. He's not beating Ianin or Amai Mask though. R2: Garou wins. Even the earliest version should be able to beat AM if starts off the fight seriously, but to be safe he absolutely wins at the stage when he fights Metal Bat. R3: I don't know what those abilities are, but unless his physicals change drastically or he gets some super bullshit then nothing changes.
There's not really any room when it comes to shockwaves for sex.
Adapted 80 chapters into 12 episodes you mean, that's the important part.
While each season is different in both genre and cast, I still think watching them in order is absolutely necessary, as there is some carry over. Each Part does carry something over from the previous one, so perhaps if you blaze through Part 1, which is only 9 episodes IIRC, then you get into Part 2 which is a lot of people's favorite. Just know that it is a cheesy show and that often it does kind of go for Rule of Cool when it comes to how its physics works, but it still makes sense within the world. So if you think a wacky show with wacky characters and crazy uses of powers is what you're into, then maybe push through a bit. But if none of what people have mentioned to you about Jojo sounds appealing and you're into more consistently serious shows, then it's probably not your thing.
He's not throwing it through the full power of the 6 infinity stones, it's just a Thanos jobbing blast, but because of the upgrade his holding back cost him. Thanos was also caught off guard and weakened in that state, so it's not as impressive. And while obviously a chop from Stormbreaker would hurt him, the issue is Kurse's reflexes and ability to bitch slap even Mjolnir away.
Ancalagon lays down, clearing all rounds in the process. Except Round 6, then it lasts as long as it takes for him to fly around the planet, scorching everything in his path, or until they give up. What kind of mismatch is this? I am genuinely curious as to what prompted the idea that there was any competition between this two groups.
Don't pick shit talents then? ^^^/s Edit: Lmao what are these downvotes for, I put a /s but apparently that's not enough
And to think Meruem is strong enough to rip his own arm with ease.
It's not even Deen, they outsourced that shit and then never actually participated, which is bad in and of itself.
I thoroughly enjoy Warhead. It's one of my highest win rate maps along with being one of my most played. I enjoy how large it is. While teamfights are fun, being able to just kind of 1v1 or 3v3 without having to worry about someone else jumping in at any time is...different enough that it's enjoyable. It forces you to be better at micro because you can't rely on your team to save your ass, because they aren't there, and good macro simply because the map is so large that you have to be aware of where the enemy is going and what you can do to make those nuke pop ups optimal. I do dislike how stupid easy it is to boss twice, but as for the rest of it, I really do enjoy it. Blackhearts bay can go die in a fucking dumpster fire for all I care, fuck that map.
Considering that not only was it confirmed to be stronger by Murata, but that Bang and Bomb were also buffed when performing it to the point where they felt none of their old age, I'd say it's stronger.
Why do you think Genos is faster? He was barely the speed of sound at the start, and while he's obviously faster now, BoS Mel, who was the slowest Sin at the time, was still lightning timing. Which is above the speed of sound by a decent amount. Ban is going to be faster than BoS Mel in this without even stealing physical stats. As for strength, I get that Genos is physically strong, but why do you think he's above Ban? Especially a beefed up Ban. Genos relies more on his fire power than actual strength most of the time. Not to mention he is capable of stealing enough strength to match and overwhelm Galand, who is honestly above Bang in pure strength. And Genos is definitely weaker than Bang. Not only that, but none of them can even kill Ban. But even without Ban, Assault Mode Meliodas is so far above everything that isn't Boros, Saitama, and maybe AG that it isn't even close. Also given the fact that he can reflect Genos's blast as per OP's prompt, Genos's main way of dealing damage is negated and turned against him.
The story in the first one seemed pretty straight forward, with lots of little hints as to the backstory of various characters, which I thought it did really well. But I do agree about the second season kind of dumping way too much on you. The payoff wasn't fully there.
Do you have a scan for Genos avoiding lightning? Humans cannot dodge lightning lmfao, who told you that? It was [sky to ground lightning](http://imgur.com/a/UsUs3), which is as legit as lightning timing gets, even if was activated by a magic user. Not to mention, that's base Meliodas. Even if you do pull a lightning timing feat for Genos out of nothing AM Mel far out classes that version of Meliodas by absolutely absurd margins. It's not even close. There's like 8+ layers of scaling with each layer practically doubling the speed of the next character with how much faster they are than the previous one. Genos and Bang do not come close to AM Meliodas. Boros sans Meteoric Burst is a better opponent.
...that's called lightning timing. He reacted to the lightning strike and hit it towards Gilthunder. It's not called lightning dodging, it's lightning timing. You'll notice you are the only one who used the word dodging. Not only that, but Gilthunder's sword slice takes just as long as that lightning bolt does, and Mel is avoiding and fighting consistently on par and even above Gilthunder in their swordplay. Also, I notice a distinct lack of Genos scans that show him even doing the bare minimum required for a lightning timing feat, which is reacting to lightning. Also you're still debating a clear feat of being able to react to lightning, despite the fact that the prompt has a version of Meliodas that eclipses this one in speed.
So long as it truly has been earned, I don't see a real problem with it. You do run the risk of it coming off as cheesy and eye roll worthy, so be absolutely sure that every character not only earned this ending, including the SO's of the main character, but also that being married or paired off truly is the best ending for that character. Some character arcs being wrapped up don't result in a typical nicely bow wrapped ending. Going back to what I said about the SO's needing to earn it too, all the characters involved in the mass pairing should be relevant. This point I think is less important if only one is getting paired up, but when you've got all of these guys, I want it to be crystal clear in my mind why all of the people involved deserve each other, especially all of the ones getting these main characters I've followed for a whole ass book. If you can't do that, I don't recommend it. But if you think that's an easy task, hell, maybe you just get the main characters to all pair up with each after tension is being built the whole book, then do it. Otherwise, you do run those risks.
Honestly a smoke mage would make a great assassin or bounty hunter. For one, people smoke drugs all the time, many of which have debilitating effects. If the mage can control what properties his smoke contains, then his enemies are going to high as shit off of his stuff. They would be especially effective against anyone who is exceptionally durable, but still has to breathe. Depending on how magical shit gets in the world too, maybe his magic can enhance certain...properties of things that are burned for their recreational purposes, and you can even go beyond that. Maybe certain items burned create more 'physical' smoke that he can use blunt force with. Or certain herbs that enhance reflexes for himself. You can take this anywhere, it doesn't have to just be smokescreens. Although a really cool basic ability of a smoke mage should be the power to transform into smoke to avoid damage.
Like most things in writing, so long as the execution is excellent, it doesn't really matter what you're writing about. That said, I do like the ideas you present. After a long series of seeing these characters grow into who they want to be, ideally in some way connected to their SO, as that's always nice, I think this would be a satisfying ending. As long as it doesn't fuck with your themes either. Also, I recommend having most of them coupled up prior to the end of the series, rather than just dropping the, "They got married/together/hooked up!" bomb on everyone. I don't know how many MC's you have, but honestly 75% of them should be coupled up by the end so as to not cheapen it, after all, everyone loves the build up, and then the payoff. If we miss 90% of the relationship in all our characters then it kinda sucks. If that's what you're saying, I say go for it man. I know grimdark is all the shit now but a little positivity can go a long way. As always, the execution is everything. But given everyone's reaction, you gotta execute this one a little better than most ideas. I wish you luck man, I love the idea.
The dude literally forgot he had legs. That's just sheer stupidity.
Can I remember?
&gt;Basically, Deku had been focusing so long on just imitating All Might and mastering OFA's power that he never thought about changing up his fighting style Hence, forgetting he has legs. If he was actually as intelligent as the show tries make us believe, he would've figured out that maybe breaking his arms over and over isn't the best strat. &gt;And Shoot Style isn't *just* "remembering he has legs", but also a way for him to fight without causing as much strain on his already-damaged arms (and fingers). I'm aware. That's what makes it even worse. It's not just that he has extra limbs to break that he forgot about, he has limbs that don't actually break when he uses them. &gt;But just saying "he forgot he had legs lol" is you deliberately trying to make Deku (and, indirectly, his other mentors All Might, Gran Torino, and the rest of the UA teaching staff) seem dumber than he actually is, while ignoring all other context. The only context you have given me is extra strength for my own argument, it being kinda stupid that he never thought to use his legs offensively and not just for mobility. That's, kinda dumb. I'm not saying it's unreasonable, the reasons you gave all explained why he wouldn't draw the conclusion to use his legs initially. He was focused on his arms and imitating All Might. But those aren't reasons that show he's smart for not realizing it. I'm not blaming the staff either. For one, All Might isn't actually a good teacher. We all know that, but it's especially true in Deku's case. AM never had to learn the restraint Deku needed to, so he can't relate to his struggles at all. He's also not a genius anyways. As for Gran Torino, the man taught him so much anyways. He taught him how to use his legs. He taught him to move. GT taught Deku a lot and helped him grow substantially, but it's not GT's job to babysit Deku. The "genius" needs to figure out stuff on his own. And he does. Very late though. The other staff are dealing with far more students than Deku, it's not up to them to develop a fighting style for each one individually, it's up to them to foster growth and imagination to help them come up with their own ideas of how to use their powers. It is no one's fault but Deku's that it took him so long to 'remember' he had legs. I get it, it's not entirely accurate to say that. I understand it's over simplifying it. But the truth is Deku is not that smart. The fact he did not use his legs, one of the best tools for offense, for offense, showcases nothing other than a lack of his genius. Even his movement style, which emulates Gran Torino, lacks his kicks. Deku's obsession with All Might blinded him, and his not exactly supreme intelligence failed to help him see past it.
Never doubt yourself.
Metal Bat is comparable to a Garou, and once he takes damage, far above Garou, that defected an entire enhanced gattling gun's round at pretty much the same time. Metal Bat's above AM I'd say. Honestly OMP characters hit hard too, and the problem is All Might really is too slow. He's not going to hit these guys consistently and he's definitely getting hit hard when *he* gets hit. Even Puri Puri Prisoner, who has more than like doubled his strength since his first appearance, was stronger than the Hammerhead suits according to SoS Sonic which are capable of knocking skyscrapers down. Zombieman I do agree with, he hasn't really shown the damage output to put All Might down, although he is still supersonic by scaling to the vampire dude. Overall though, I think the S-class are too much for AM, and the top 2 A-class as well. Same with comparable monsters, starting at DSK.
I think they're referring to relative sizes. I wanna say that Rover is a little big, but honestly looking back at the Garou fight, Garou doesn't really make it up halfway to his legs, but when it comes to Rover's head he is long enough to lay across two eyes at one. So assuming HE is around Garou's height, you've got Rover's height right, but either Murata is off or you made his head really fucking big lol
You are correct.
The Pretty Bomb. Terrorism is much easier when your terror device invites no sense of unease in your prey. When the spell is activated, a trippy and colorful spiral of colors will form, before erupting into a burst of destructive energy.
I can't comment on Darkseid, but it's not like Doomsday's strong enough to do anything to Black even if he becomes immune to everything he can throw out. Black can yeet him into space every time and just ignore him.
F
The problem is he can bend with his mind and others can't. He could cancel out bloodbending used on him because of this fact, but if he used it on someone else they wouldn't be able to do the same.
Lightning bending seems far less lethal though. Obviously it can kill, but I imagine it's weaker. Taser vs an actual lightning bolt.
I always imagined him literally going to black and white with his transformation. I know in the manga he is always B&amp;W, but I just imagined his skin becoming ghastly white and his wings matching it. But this is also a decent color scheme.
It's quite different for women, I must say. That's not to say it's easier for women in every way, there's definitely problems on both sides, but with regards to this, getting a GF is a bit different than having a BF in modern society. So you don't work for comparison unfortunately. As for your comments about knowing guys that are talking to multiple women, just at face value, I don't know what you mean by talking. Whether thats actively dating several women at a time to whittle it down to the one that works, hooking up with multiple women, or just...talking(texting, whatever it is). That changes things, because talking to other women is not the same as there being a chance to get with them. There's also the factor that I don't know how close these guys are to you, so the reliability of their information on their success with women isn't guaranteed. And in the end, it is still anecdotal evidence even if they are your best friends who tell you everything and have their own personal harems. The truth is it is typically difficult for guys to find meaningful relationships with women in the girlfriend sense. I'd say it's more to do with personality than looks. If you have lower standards and are outgoing and charismatic, that's gonna be a lot more bang for your buck without needing to look like Chris Evans. Problem is, if you don't have that personality that lends itself, there's a lot of tough shit to go through to get to that point. But once you do, it is easy. Once you're there, it's not difficult. It's getting to that point where it becomes easy, that is difficult.
I think the directors confirm it wouldn't have actually cut his arm off. He's that tough. It was even confirmed the infamous Antman up the ass strategy would've failed because Thanos's rectum is too strong.
What makes you want to discourage people from going to law school?
1 week, to nitpick. That's how long his upgraded form lasts. Then he's left exhausted afterwards. Doesn't mean he's any less of a badass for beating Carnage Kabuto though
Could you elaborate please? As someone who is interested in getting into law school, I'm curious as to what reasons someone would give for it being a bad idea for most people.
Lmao in what ways, I'm curious. I would like a rundown.
Yeah I'm gonna need to see some anti-feats.
I had no difficulty whatsoever with two 302 boomers and a 204 bomb. Have one boomer near the exit just in case, but I never had any bloons get by.
AC: Started with Jones and a wizard. Wizard set to strong and Jones to first, swap this once purples show up. 201 wizard and then 000 Dart set to strong for purple round. Then upgrade to 302 Wizard. Get two 200 Farms ASAP, and then before Round 40 you should be able to afford 040 Boomer for MOAB. After that I got bank by selling a 200 farm and got another farm. At this point you want to ensure you get a 030 engi for camo purples, and a 402 Wiz by the 50's rounds with multiple MOABS. You can go heavy on the farms from here. I recommend upgrading your engi and getting a 420 farm to overclock. The current setup plus some 204 bombs can handle a lot. Get Archmage, get 250 and 502 Boomer by the 90's, and 520 bomb tower by at least 98, that's when I got it. The moment you get the 520 tho you pretty much win tho. I also got a x5x bomb shooter for the BAD.
Lol I died on 97 and continued only to die at 98. Rip in pieces me
I recognize that title. Found it in the wild once...instead of my load it was my mind being blown. Didn't expect to get emotional from porn. Ever.
I don't have units. Didn't even consider that. It feels convoluted to include that and unnecessary overall, unless it's for a video game. It is an interesting concept though, but for my system there's no way for it to be consistent. Instead I aim for a consistent feel of the magic used. Especially with matter creation. For those powerful and skilled enough to regenerate their own flesh, the actual magical cost of creating such a small amount of matter is actually small, when you consider that powerful enough magic users can create enough matter to fill a city over the course of fight, if not outright create something that surpasses that in an instant. But there's no numerical calculation for that, and to try to equate the amount of magic it takes to make a sword versus transforming a sword into puddy or making yourself intangible so it can pass through you... I don't see any way to put that into a system.
I doubt Blue is on par with Tats. Doesn't feel right for someone to show up that breaks the power levels currently on display, where Tats is pretty much on the top of everything we've seen that's Dragon level.
I mean, does it matter? World building isn't referring to literally the world, it's the idea of *a* world. In this case, that world is pretty much self contained to Japan. There's no international conflicts, and it's about Deku becoming the best hero in Japan. The flow and consequences of the past clearly pave the way for the events in the present. Characters existences and motivations are created through the world of MHA in an understandable way. I don't see how not knowing what the top hero in the US or Russia is a negative, or how Quirks have affected China being necessary knowledge. At this point, there's no reason for that to be relevant. If it's not necessary, then it can be cut, and more focus can be given to the Japanese society in MHA that is actually relevant.
Wait, are you saying Midnight and Bluenote were just easily wiped out? Midnight had a clear flaw in his ability that was exploitable and Erza fully used that, he didn't just get his ass kicked because she was stronger. Also her magic eye that let's her be immune to illusions and shit. It took intelligence to beat him. And Bluenote fought the strongest Fairy Tail wizard on even grounds for a decent amount of time all while punking everyone else. It wasn't until post time-skip that he got trashed. Sting and Rogue were definitely disappointing, and the final arc definitely fell to overhype, but aside from Sting's guild and the Spriggan 12, I can't really think of any villains I felt were hyped up and weren't actually strong enough to back up that hype. I honestly feel like that's a strong suit of Fairy Tail, at least until the timeskip.
Not really. Name one of the Spriggan that fell to just a big blast and only a big blast, and didn't require use of some other form of magic to deal with. The only one I can think of is Dimaria falling to END, but she already had her fight that required some other magic types to combat her. Not to mention that all of the Spriggan had pretty unique magic that gave Fairy Tail and their allies some degree of trouble before they needed to deal with them. Yeah, I'm pretty sure you're tripping dude. You're thinking of Naruto, not Fairy Tail. It's not like everyone's magic just became giant explosion magic at the end, even if Natsu and Laxus could do that.
Laxus vs Erza was dope. But I don't think I agree with the rest. I'm pretty sure it was made clear that the Irene power up was a one off thing, at least for the foreseeable future. It also isn't a crazy stretch that the country level enchantress stuck around somehow and is in the body of someone she's possessed in the past. Can't comment on Natsu though, I don't remember the flick and it's not like he has to defeat the wood dragon, they didn't defeat the Water one.
Konan is pretty dope as well. She got done dirty...
The manga also makes certain characters that got little screen time in the anime absolute shitholes that you just want to see fucking die, and Wave is always there being a pain in their ass. So that's satisfying.
Sound bending seems in line for air bending, but also being able to create vacuums on demand feels like it would be really strong. All non-airbending opponents would be weak to it, and it can completely negate fire bending. At least for offensive uses of air bending.
He barely beats a normal BAD on Round 100 last time I checked(unless you're on easy), and that requires relatively precise placing and very good ability timing in order to deal with the children. This is literally solos as well. I am only using Churchill and not a single other tower. Once you add Overclock, Alch, Village...of course you can take one out. But that's not really soloing.
Lmao, that's a toughy for sure. Didn't think I could beat it.
I think there are bound to be exceptions, especially when you take into account authors that are absurdly good at giving their character's a unique voice. If they've got multiple stories and the voices are all incredibly different... I feel as though they can't all be self inserts especially if the thinking is unique.
Yeah, pretty much. Learning the combat system, unlocking all your skills, and coming back on a harder difficulty where the enemies have more health and therefore last longer during combos which allows for more stylish combos. You also only reach full power and unlock Nero's whole kit after you beat the game the first time, excluding the various upgrades you purchased. Dante also receives more flexibility with his loadout. That's basically the whole point of Devil May Cry games and it's amazing for it. I highly recommend giving it a shot. Enemies will also spawn in different numbers and show up earlier. I made the same mistake as you did my first play through. That's when I went for just trying to soak up the story and get the basics of combat down, that way on my second playthrough I could fully enjoy the combat system. That said, you're only on Mission 6. Restarting on a different difficulty isn't a big deal. P.S After you beat the game and get a shit ton of upgrades, it makes it easier to beat Urizen in the prologue(or you can attempt it now, goodluck though), and by doing so you unlock Dante Must Die. It's a big jump from Human to Dante Must Die, but I must admit that it is a very different feeling game. Highly recommend not giving up, just learn the basics and then go wild on your next playthrough.
Carnage Kabuto was locked up. It's not like Bofoi wouldn't have the resources to also do that.
With Saitama on their side, they actually would be God threat. Just not the first one...
He was still contained within his room. Everyone loves to wank the hidden arsenal Bofoi has, and if he's actually got some hidden shit behind him I don't see why he couldn't knock out a Dragon level threat and contain it. Or at the very least lead it to a spot where he can then contain it. There's also the fact that Dragon's might not always die. He could've recovered some in the wake of Blast, who has an interesting record of leaving strong Dragon levels alive. It's possible to contain one, doesn't matter how it gets there.
When he gets Obito's other eye but that's not in the prompt, so it doesn't matter. He also loses that, so it matters even less. If it was DMS Kakashi tho he beats like 99% of Naruto characters.
Kakashi doesn't have a perfect Susanno in this fight so that's irrelevant.
What a weird thread. I don't think I'd have ever guessed that Orihime would be put up against Pain...and there'd actually be a discussion.
Dante not only gets beaten down, but Urizen doesn't even get up from his chair to do so.
It doesn't, it just drains him of his energy so if the opponent is still standing he's fucked. The reason he died was because Saitama hit him with an attack stronger than his own attack and he had no energy left to regenerate. Which is crazy to think about because he was still pretty intact at the end of his life.
Bofoi also made the building that survived the attack from Boros's ship. He's clearly capable of making sturdy arenas. I don't think it's crazy at all to think he can contain a dragon, especially since his robotics allow him to build things ridiculously quickly. He rebuilt an entire city into something entirely new ridiculously fast. There's no way he can't build a thick and sturdy cube underground to drop a Dragon into. The fact that he's a biology specialist and still contained a Dragon level threat should make it more credible that Bofoi, the dude who specializes in building things including the prisons that already contain various monsters, could contain a Dragon threat.
&gt;That doesn’t means much, Iain was outside and survived the attack of the ship. The ship was targetting the whole city so it wasn’t as powerful as if they targetted just one little location (like the second time). Every building was destroyed except for the headquarters. And you even state that it's not focused, which means that Iaian wouldn't have been directly hit. The large ass HQ would have. It still withstood the blast. &gt;He was amazed by the armor of Elder, implying he had nothing comparable. That doesn't imply that at all. Many times characters will be impressed by an opponents ability or skill and acknowledge it. Does that mean it's anything more than impressive to the person acknowledging it? No. Second off, not having a material as hard as one of the most durable monsters in the series doesn't mean he can't make something to contain Dragon's. Even if it's not as hard, reinforcing it, making it thicker, any number of things can make it tougher. &gt;Again, pretty sure Genus forced Kabuto to sleep, rather than being able to make walls that can contains him. His HQ got easily destroyed by Genos after all. Kabuto wasn't asleep...if he could have escaped he would have. It also just looked like ridiculously thick walls reinforced many time over on the inside of a mountain. Genos did not easily destroy the walls containing Kabuto, nor did anyone other than Saitama make any progress in getting out of it. He just destroyed the building up top, and did no damage to any part of the actual facility. Also, if Genus can knock out Kabuto, why can't other Dragon's be susceptible to a sleeping gas made by Bofoi or Child Emperor? I just don't see why you've attached this mythical status to Dragon levels that somehow makes them impossible to contain. You're saying even Bakuzan would be impossible to contain. If you've got the absurd resources of Bofoi, it's not even unlikely let alone impossible that he'd be capable of containing a Dragon level like Genus, whose strong suit is creation of life forms and not containment or construction. Like I get it, they're strong and all. But there are several heroes that can handle Dragon's and above. Never has there ever been a machine orientated character with mass produced machines that doesn't have an extra super special hidden one they don't reveal that surpasses the rest in some capacity. Bofoi fucks around all the time, he didn't take the meteor seriously or EC seriously. Hell, it seems like he didn't even take the MA invasion seriously. Saitama shitting on his defenses did nothing but amuse and intrigue him. What we've seen of him is surface level stuff. If he's actually trying to contain a Dragon level threat? I guarantee he can do it.
I'd believe it.
That is such a mind-bogglingly irrelevant statement.
Fitting name. But I think if you continue with just spouting nonsensical unrelated things you won't find many people willing to argue with. Obvious bait is not only bad bait but also obvious.
You're not even trying
Aang can enter the Avatar State at will. I'll consider it a Trump State that boosts his power capacity. There's no requirement other than willing it to happen, so I'm not going to split Aang into two sections, I'll just take into account his Avatar State as a natural extension of his abilities, as it doesn't change his Brute or Thinker levels. **Shaker 9-10**: The Avatar State is absurd. Splitting islands, the Volcano scene, [this.](https://i.imgur.com/cZ20BbO.jpg) He has such a wide area of effect that he can enact his will: He can subdue people with the Earth, can control fire to the degree that he can destroy chains around people without harming them rendering most equipment useless, water is abundant and can be used to freeze up people while simultaneously be used to move them. It's crazy. If Aang were to go off the deep end, evacuation would be 100% necessary, and "additional teams or specific high-rated individuals should be called in to manage the crisis." Aka, the requirement to be a 10. **Blaster 6-8**: [This clip should demonstrate it.](https://gfycat.com/groundedspryamericangoldfinch) There is a plethora of ranged attacks Aang can use that he can also provide utility with, outside of just being damaging projectiles. Which ties into his shaker capabilities. I took into consideration that Lung at full fledged capacity is rated a 6. **Thinker 1**: Seismic Sense combined with sensing air movements. **Trump 5**: The ability to buff himself as well as completely remove powers from others is insane when coupled with his other abilities. [Also this](https://i.imgur.com/XnFuPNT.jpg) **Brute 1**: Cartoon super durability for the win. **Mover 6**: The combined super speed, flight, and the nature of the air bubble basically being a forcefield that can propel him through very durable structures and protect him, he's got some insane movement capabilities even if he doesn't have a staff with him for flight. Not to mention traveling through Earth and water at high speeds, his natural agility and evasiveness, he has a broad range of mover capabilities that would make him an absolute bitch to keep up with. Even in enclosed spaces he has the agility for it to not hinder him too much. Aang has the scale of Leviathan, the evasiveness of Simurgh, the firepower of Behemoth, with the reconstructive power of Bohu. The only thing he lacks is the Brute rating and the personality to actually use his full power at any given moment. But I don't recall a single PRT rating that took into account personality. Avatar State is OP.
&gt;There are very few instances where you'd see aang use his full power unless it was life or death against an enemy he can't hold back against. &gt;His rating in the official report would be lower but would be much higher if he was the type of person to show his full extent. I concur. If he never showed off these capabilities, they couldn't rate him higher. But, considering we have all seen what he can do, I consider it only fair to give a rating based off of what I have seen, rather than what he would likely demonstrate on a day to day basis. Even for in-universe ratings, I think the Endbringers would force out a full powered Aang to the point where they might start to prioritize him, and his displays on the battlefield would more than show off his abilities. He's also not restricted in using his powers for conflict oriented purposes. Aang could probably pull off a Lung and become such a presence on the battlefield that others aren't capable of coming close enough to help him and he fights off the Endbringer. That would be badass to see. Cool thread btw, it's very well timed with the release of ATLA on Netflix. It's fun to imagine PRT ratings of outside characters.
It's relevant to this sub as a joke.
I watched it subbed and it was fantastic. Can't comment on the dub tho.
He does still love and need her in his life on a personal level, just not in the way he loves Emilia and Rem loves him. With that said, yeah, I don't blame him for not having romantic feelings for Rem. Killing him kind of fucked that up.
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/K5CCUdu7xFI)
It's okay to have a bad opinion.
I'm a troll?
This is like the 2nd or 3rd this fight has been revised, not including the first extension.
This fight doesn't really have much impact in the current arc though, other than CE's mental state really. You don't need to re read it, this is just the new stuff.
TTM, Puri Puri Prisoner, and Genos could not take on even the weakest dragon we've seen when they were first introduced. Even Zombieman can't still, unless they literally pass out in front of him. Being able to take on a Dragon is not what defines you as S-class. Child Emperor displays a variety of tools and devices that assist with a variety of things, one such tool being a protective bubble to assist with protecting nearby people from harm. Heroes are meant to protect people, and he has displayed the tools and capabilities to do so. CE is an extremely versatile hero still, and a creative one, even if he no longer possesses the 2nd highest damage output of the S-class heroes.
Ahem... #Duh-Tah
&gt;Murata wasted to much effort and time on such a minor fight. and yes it's only murata cause it's his writing, not ONE's for this fight. What a retarded take. They're a team, if ONE didn't think it was okay it wouldn't go through.
I personally read the manga through Part 3, up until the last few episodes where they actually get to where they wanna be. Best decision I've made regarding a show. It eliminated all the pacing issues and I could see the good shit in animated form.
It is shitty. Take any of the Avengers or Justice Leagues powers. Would you choose this one over any of their powers? Probably not...wanna know why? Cuz it's shitty.
It's boring and repetitive. No teamups? No assists... Yeah, who wants *only* solo wins? That's boring.
Great rant, and I really appreciate the time stamped links. Good job.
Lightning bending as a whole seems far less lethal when used. It's not treated as an extraordinarily dangerous technique. It seems as though the streamlined version of it is far less powerful. Metal Bending simply didn't exist before. It wasn't thought to be possible. It also isn't incredibly difficult to learn. Toph discovered it and became extremely effective with it very quickly. Obviously she's a prodigy, but once people know it's a thing it shouldn't be too much of a surprise that people can learn it. As for the fighting styles, that seems to be more of a symptom of a mosh pit city, one formed to be such a way by its founders. Everyone fights in similar styles, but that's because of the meshing of styles coming together. It's not like we don't see unique styles of bending either though. [Just watch Ming Hua in this scene.](https://youtu.be/SfUbe6phuAw) She doesn't even have arms to box with. But goddamn are you right about Nickelodeon, fuck them.
But the Pain Arc was straight fire, so give and take.
Oh shit, they really did!
I can't do maggots. That's a little too much.
[u/themalleableduck](https://youtu.be/ub82Xb1C8os) &gt;**X** Doubt
...she didn't really deserve it lmao. She was a horrible person, and she desecrated Tatsumi by doing so and everything he stood for. Kind of a dick move all things considered.
You are clearly the dumbest.
Some scumbags do not deserve that. Do you think Wild Hunt deserve deaths where they get what they want in the end? No, if you're an awful person who tortures people for fun and simply fuels war for your enjoyment, you do not deserve a nice fulfilling death that ruins another characters death. She desecrated Tatsumi, and he did not with dignity as she wrapped her arms around his body and they dissappeared together. But for real, I am curious as to how you think Wild Hunt deserves nice peaceful deaths of dignity where they die happy.
Ty Lee is only a threat during her first encounter with people due to them not expecting Chi Blocking. If you notice the second fight she has against any given person they are very adept at avoiding her strikes.
Never had a problem with condoms or lube at self-checkout. I know some places have some products like Plan B locked up, which does require human interaction however. I don't know what asshole would snicker or even care about it, but I do get that it would be embarrassing for some.
Tell something I can't find on the Wikipedia page of the religion. If you're an expert you'd be better than Google, you'd be able to provide in depth explanations and details about even one of these religions, it's origination, and why it became so important to the people who studied it. And I don't mean, "These people didn't like violence," I'm talking you can tell me what factors occurring in the world contributed to its creation and development. Just stop.
They do. When they're being sarcastic. Occasionally. Depends on context.
I kind of like how in Fairy Tail they move past this. I know a lot of people hate the idea of characters never dying or it being rewound, but what was done with Jellal was pretty fantastic. Nobody wanted him to just sacrifice himself and try to act like that would fix all the atrocities he committed, so he goes and dedicates his life to making the world a better place and stopping people that might end up like he did. Which is why Ultear is not redeemed in my mind. Despite sacrificing herself and single handedly saving several members of the main cast and potentially the world as a result, she tried to get out of a life dedicated to atoning for her mistakes.
The Jellal one got me. It's too true.
Judecca's have 2/3 hits of armor. Basically your third attack affects them normally, not sure how to phrase that with armor. Mean you should hit them twice, then launch them for an air combo. Fuck these guys on DMD tho, their DT more than doubles their armor I'm pretty sure.
I think Wrath is the only one that really has a chance at beating him, or the off chance Gluttony sucks him through the portal. By the end of the series his Seismic Sense proficiency combined with him being able to sense air movements makes him extremely agile. Even with Wrath's ridiculous speed advantage there's still the chance he avoids the first blitz and takes an advantageous position. Even with all of the regen the Homunculi have, Aang will never actually get to see that. He doesn't go for the kill, and simply trapping them within rock would be enough to disable all of them. **R2** is a bit different. There's going to be casualties. Lust, Wrath and Pride will be big threats. Toph and Aang will have warning...but the others won't. Any casualties on Aang's side will result in a full powered Avatar State, and most likely the Homunculi will be annihilated.
I recognize a lot of these guys, but not all of them. Is there anyone who can specify exactly who is in this squad?
You don't really win if you're dead, even if Nen could give you the power to defeat Galactus. Which it can't.
Yeah, the Akatsuki are just outclassed. Espada just operate in a universe with a higher baseline of physicals than Naruto does.
Esdeath outclasses Gray in every physical department by a big margin, including speed. She doesn't get hit often. Gray doesn't really have a chance unfortunately.
Vsbattle isn't reliable and tends to wank Fairy Tail anyways, probably because Sting with light magic and wonky scaling. Esdeath should far outclass him in speed.
No way. Galactus is way above anything Nen can do. I can't tell if you're vastly underestimating Galactus or overestimating Nen.
Of Vsbattle being unreliable or wanking Fairy Tail? Technically they wank everything, so it's not like they picked out Fairy Tail especially. Just them saying Gray is above massively hypersonic, let alone subrelativistic, is enough to showcase both of those points. Vsbattles is not used as a reliable source in any capacity on this sub.
She doesn't need her ice to kill Gray. Even if she had no ice powers or the ability to freeze time, which would affect him by the way, we know esoteric ice types affect him, just look at his battle against the Ice Spriggan, he would still get his ass kicked. He is way too slow.
Even if you accept that Laxus does in fact shoot out actual bolts of lightning, it's not like you have to actually move the speed of lightning in order to dodge it. It's around Mach 289 regardless, which isn't that fast. In the grand scheme of things. The problem is Fairy Tail also has anti-feats. Like Ichya's ship traveling barely even 100 m/s if that, and Acnologia barely being faster than they are. Speed is a bit off in Fairy Tail, and it's not really a fast verse overall. It's not slow, but it's not fast. Akame ga Kill...that's a faster verse for the top tiers. You asked me how fast Esdeath was in another comment. I'll answer that here instead. What I can say is she scales above Stage 2 Incursio Tatsumi while she is weakened, and is above him physically. Even as they fight and he increases in physical stats, she remains superior. He can outspeed missiles that travel 250km's in less than a second, so she's above that. By a big enough degree that he can't land a single hit on her.
The outliers tend to be the extreme speed feats. Such as the fact that they don't consistently demonstrate speed feats of that caliber. 10x stronger=/=10x Faster. The characters do get faster, but not by such an extreme amount. They weren't that fast to begin with. Esdeath isn't getting hit by Gray. He does not have the speed feats to accomplish that, which is the biggest problem in this fight. Even if she does, Esdeath can take hits from a guy who can do [this](https://imgur.com/a/wXRDIg9) and take no damage, she also clashes with him on multiple occasions. She did use ice to block it, but the ice shattered against her, and it's not like Gray just absorbs ice on contact. The thing knocked back is way bigger than mountains. She also shatters Stage 1 Incursio, which no sold an attack that changed the landscape and destroyed multiple plateaus. But like I said, Esdeath isn't going to get hit.
&gt;I was it literally saying that he got 10 times physically stronger I was saying he got 10 times stronger overall I see where you coming from but I still think out of 100 round Gray take 30-40 mostly because I see Esdeath using her supposed stronger country freezing attack and Gray just eating to get a like 20 time the multiplier She's beat him before needing to resort to that, and would notice that he can eat ice. She is intelligent and too fast. &gt;have a good night my man and may your debates be non-toxic Same to you.
I'm unfamiliar with this "soaking" method, would you care to elaborate?
Then this isn't a shitty superpower. I don't even know that I'd call it a curse, cuz those usually don't even kill you.
&gt;On your system - Since the strongest magic users in your world must therefore run the world (if not then how on earth don't they), what is stopping them from waging so much destruction against their foes in other nations that the world isn't left a smoking husk? Can't comment on theirs, but my system allows for some pretty high up there top tiers. There's checks and balances. If one guy can reach the top, so can others. Or at the very least, close enough that the guy at top will be weary of the others teaming up and taking him down. It's not even mutually assured destruction, you're just fucking yourself over.
A lich in the sense that he is immortal and has resurrected some specific individuals, one of those going on to be in the top 10. 1 and 2 oppose each other completely, and 2 knows he holds no candle to the first. The majority of his time is spent developing spells, sometimes years are spent on a single one. It occupies his time completely, but he also nudges here and there around the world in order to strengthen the individuals within, and by developing spells he hopes to one day develop something capable of killing #1. 1 was actually a hero that saved the world from destruction at one point, and he had good intentions from then on and helped develop the world again. He took some part in the world falling apart in the first place however, so he decided to take a back seat this time around. His benevolent nature didn't last too long though. He discovered something going on behind the scenes of reality, so to speak, and made contact with some*thing* he shouldn't have. In spite of his great power, he wasn't able to escape unscathed. Whatever he saw shook him to his core, and left some small piece of it with him. With it came existential dread. From then on he created a weapon designed to kill him, placed down some important pieces on the board that is the world, and sat back to let fate take hold. He wanted to assert his existence by giving giving the world the tools to end him. Of course, there is a deadline. He plans on ending the world by that point, and has left some breadcrumbs behind in the form of prophecies, which are mostly things he just plans on orchestrating. As for the top 10, they know of 1, but not his identity. A lot of the strongest people will be "rulers" of countries, and this includes 1. Most will be figureheads that simply exist as a threat to other countries. 1 exists as such a person, and he has made it know to most of the rulers his superiority, even if they don't know the full extent of it. So they know him as a powerful figurehead, but not as the previous savior of the world. 2 remains a largely unknown entity. There are some powerful enough to discern that something out there exists, but not whether it's human or otherwise. When he does intervene, most will call it an act of God and say they feel a presence, some can detect the field that encompasses the planet but do not know the origin as 2. Just as 1 did, he existed in history as someone else before "dying." One man was able to track him down and figured out exactly who he was, although he's only top 10 in power if you consider the leverage he possesses over others.
Some flaws are bonuses to certain people. Flaws aren't objective
That means all positives are objective. That's just silly talk, cuz at that point everything is objective.
Ah, but you did not say the presence of these elements was objective, you said that a subjective interpretation of these elements was objective.
Thanks for harming the rest of the population with your misguided beliefs.
Is your joke supposed to be that reality took The Onion too seriously?
He didn't blow up a mountain there, but his fire power does increase nonetheless.
If he was truly putting his all into it Thor would be dead. He was putting what he thought would've taken out the Thor from the beginning of the movie. I'm sure if the beam had hit Thor he would've been incapacitated, but not wiped out. There's a lot of factors that go into it. Surprise attack, weakened, and underestimating Thor. It's still a good feat for Thor, it's most likely the strongest straight up energy beam attack we had seen so far, and he completely overpowered it. But it's not as impressive as you seem to be making it out to be. Thor gets his ass kicked in the next movie by Thanos without stones, and he has two teammates.
I'd love one as well, my phone background right now is a starry sky over a field of lavender. Something about those lavender fields and night skies just looks good together.
I'm crying in Mission 10 right now. Fuck the flying fire shits.
Is this a double case of r/dontyouknowwhoiam?
The joke is that wings thought you needed a passport to do so.
Normal people can learn magic, so you defeat magic users by becoming one yourself. That said, if you want to aim above your weight class, look for enchanted items. Those will help out. Pay someone to make you one, get lucky and find one on your own, or get a job that'll supply you one such as in the military or a member of the police. Or have your father be one of the greatest enchanters ever and have him pass all of his gear down to you. That also works.
Can you show the remains of the mountain in the anime?
It's a defense mechanism, so it makes sense that her Avatar State wouldn't end, as her body is still being threatened.
For Waterbending, that's what Amon actually does. He's a bloodbender and used his ability to sense everyone's blood in order to avoid their bending and attacks. It's why he was so formidable even without actually bloodbending someone.
Describing someone's living situation simplisticly doesn't mean their life can't be tough or contain strife.
Still not a mountain buddy. It's a solid chunk of rock and it hits pretty far away, but nowhere near mountain busting.
It's uncanny how accurate this is.
Even the title of the article you linked discredits you. &gt;"How pregnancy ***can***-" Not how pregnancy *will* change your body, but how it can. Your username is very fitting.
You got a source on that, cuz it sounds like bullshit.
