And people bitched. They were $100 in points right? You could spend that on these and you'd be looking at an ~1/6 chance at getting nothing worthwhile
Same as usual. 1-2 candy canes and a ______
All gold? How many rare?
I'm passing on helpful advice to people who might think the odds are better than they are.
Doesn't help if the SUV is coming the other way
&gt;Then it looks like those farmers need to find some other business to drum up? &gt; &gt;This is no different than when blockbuster went out of business if no one’s willing to buy your product you need to make either a better product or make something else. That's an atrocious comparison, with all due respect. Farmers can't just suddenly change crops to something else, especially with any sort of speed. This is more like if Trump banned high speed Internet and suddenly Netflix went belly-up, you can't just completely change everything you do in a moment because the President decided to start a trade war. Farmers are not big businesses, and if you want to ensure Trump has no chance at re-election then go piss off the farmers. What has the trade war accomplished that makes this worth it?
Weird flex but ok
I do play Kelowna, I find it mind-numbing. What were my other options here? Puck rag? Cycle the puck for 5 minutes straight? How are those better?
The pack was 500k coins right? How many of those guys were consistently selling for 525k+ in order to turn a profit? Yeah the price has gone up with them out of circulation (or at least very limited) but investing 500k to eventually turn a profit of 20-30k is not a good investment. The ROI on bronze packs is much higher than that.
I should hope you get a beast for 500k. Also when the packs came out, only the super whales or extremely lucky had 500k. If they came out again tomorrow, the price of the legends would be faaaar lower because many more people would be able to buy them. I'm just saying %-wise for ROI, they were not a good investment, and would be a lot worse now. Also you're nuts if you think EA is holding off on $100 packs because they're concerned about them being too good of an investment.
I remember who you are now, you're the guy who said people who run on the score on AFK users are assholes. That explains so much. You do realize saying "don't be assholes" is not the same as blindly defending someone who did not ask to be defended (White Knighting) right? Putting your controller down is a far bigger dick move than continuing to play, that's undeniable. Dude I've played in real life hockey games where I won by 10 and where I lost by 10, it happens. Neither one is fun, but you're there to play the game, and the only thing worse is not playing because the team that's winning just stopped trying. It's embarrassing and leads to way more fights than just playing the game normally. This may surprise you, but most people don't care if they lose by 10, provided the other person isn't being a dick about it.
My point is if they released a 500k pack tomorrow with a guaranteed legend and they were all Leetch quality, they'd all be (relatively) cheap because of supply and demand. If the price on them are high enough that profit is likely, the packs will sell like crazy because basically anyone who has had the game since launch can liquidate some assets and buy a 500k pack. Back then that wasn't the case. I think if anything they know if they did it now, you'd have a bunch of 92/93/94 players all in that 450-600k range.
Thanks Corey Hart
Still not able to, also r/EA_NHL is the best sub for franchise stuff and other modes
That quintuple deke against the Rangers is just unfair
There is going to be a massive housing crash when all the old people start dying or leave their homes and there's nobody around to fill the houses (well I guess there will always be foreigners willing to buy them up as "investments" or whatever is happening there). Here's a fun 3-step experiment 1) Look up the median income (either individual or family) in your town/city 2) Figure out the maximum mortgage you could get with that income and zero debt (which is unrealistic, but just to give you an idea of how crazy it is) 3) Look at the cheapest houses in your town/city and see what a person making the median income could afford. In some towns I tried this with, the median income would need something like $50,000 saved up to buy even the cheapest house. It's ridiculous.
Reno was always cancer, and I say that as someone who loved Reno decks. It was super polarizing based entirely on if you drew Reno or not, especially against aggro.
I get that, but it was polarizing as hell. Reno in your opening hand was practically an auto win
Oh shitty.
Well yes and no. There are medical reasons to take certain drugs (such as steroids for asthma) where you may need differing rules.
https://www.iacobellilaw.com/can-i-sue-for-slip-and-fall-on-icy-conditions-in-ontario-canada---iacobelli-law-firm-personal-injury-law.html &gt;Ontario law allows you to advance a claim for negligence that results in a slip and fall injury on icy surfaces. Ontario slip and falls on ice and snow are negligence claims that are usually brought against the owner of the property, and others that have care, custody or control over the premises. Or a better, more in depth link https://www.torontoinjurylawyerblog.com/how-liability-laws-for-winter-time-slip-and-fall-accidents-work-in-ontario-the-law-is-against-you/ &gt;When falling on private property, the standard of care is one of regular negligence. It will be up to a Court to decide whether or not the property owner was negligent, and whether or not they kept the property in a proper state of repair. A Judge will look to the winter maintenance records, when the last time the property was maintained, the weather patterns the date or the dates before the accident, any warning signs, was the property properly lit etc. That’s where all of the evidence comes in from the scene of the fall. Here's the thing - it's not up to you or me or the OP to prove negligence, but when dealing with a serious injury (and it seems pretty clear OP's injury is serious) it's foolish to not seek legal counsel. It's illegal for a lawyer to charge you for anything aside from a percentage of the settlement so there's no risk to doing so, and it protects you in case there are serious issues. I was rear-ended and it was a minor collision, I still did the police report and everything by the book because it's better safe than sorry. A month later my wrist still hurt, an MRI revealed I had torn some cartilage and done other damage when I was hit, and two surgeries and a metal plate later I'm glad I didn't just go "oh no big deal" because I'd be out about $5,000 in lost wages.
Okay now we're discussing two separate points. The user said he can't fight until it's out of his system....well IF the pulsing thing is true and IF USADA/UFC are being honest, that would be double jeopardy. I'm not saying I believe them, I'm saying you can't punish someone twice for one instance
I've seen this point made a few times, and while I understand it I offer a counter-point. These characters are very, very close friends. Remember Terry saving Gina when her dance troupe bailed? Or helping her study? Also we know Gina doesn't actually want Terry and his wife to split from the scene where Terry wins the bet getting her to look away from her phone. Sexual jokes between friends/co-workers can look a lot worse from the outside. The towel picture one is the only one that, if it were not actually an absurdist joke that Jake plays along with, would really bother me. Honestly the Charles/Rosa 1st season stuff bothers me way more than the Gina/Terry stuff.
And some might say "pretty good" like you did...
I'm the snowflake? You're the one so in need of a safe space that you would rather people be forcibly sterilized than try and solve any actual problems
No you said there should be mandatory birth control, which is forced sterilization.
I thought the right liked small government? Or only small government for rich people? Got laid off because your work closed? Tough shit, mandatory steralization (how else do you force someone to use birth control?) or starve to death
I'll give you guys tonight, I'd be acting the same way if the Raptors beat Vince by 20 in our first game against him. But seriously, a guy praising JT for his time in New York is at -20.
The Toronto fanbase should fully understand how the Islanders' fans feel. The difference is the guy who did us dirty (Vince) came back and dad-dicked us repeatedly. Now I firmly believe what Vince did was way worse than any player who ever left via free agency (especially since he admitted to not trying his hardest), I'm just saying I understand the feeling
Do you mean regular season or in the playoffs? If the Islanders and Leafs somehow match up in the playoffs and the Islanders put us out, the salt produced would cause mass dehydration around the world. Actually whoever won that series, the salt would flow.
Did you watch the fucking game? Breakaway after our D went full keystone cops Barzal tip because Hainsey never bothered to tie him up Shot off Zaitsev and in 2 on 1 that became a de facto 2 on 0 because Zaitsev took a nap. This is the only one that was arguably Sparks' fault, and it was a 2 on 1. Never mind the 6-8 big saves he had to make because the entire team played like shit, how can you blame the goalie in a shutout?
After the trade deadline it didn't matter anymore, so for all we know he did want to stay at that point and it changed. Or he wasn't sure, which is pretty likely considering how big a decision it is. Hockey is weird. In every other sport big name free agents are expected to test the waters and it's a massive pleasant surprise if they re-sign. Hockey has this "loyalty" culture that is so different and you end up with a ton of stars spending their entire career with one team (and many of them receiving NTCs as soon as they're able to). In my eyes if you have a UFA and you don't re-sign or trade him by the deadline, that's on you as an organization. Also for everything being said now, if Tavares had come out and said "trade me" back in January, would he really be less hated?
I play with action figures?
I don't think anyone will ever know what was said between the two to lead to the split. MSL actually reminds me a bit of Marcus Stroman (or vice versa), tremendous talent and a tremendous "Fuck the world for not believing in me" chip on his shoulder
JT handcuffed them? I didn't realize he has a NTC during his final year. Without pen to paper it means nothing. Also I don't know if you guys would've got the sun and the moon for a rental, but I also don't remember the last time a player of his caliber was moved as deadline rental. If the Islanders were 10 points out of the playoffs in January maybe the story is different, but he thought you had a legitimate chance and then it was the combination of another failed season with being able to play for his hometown team that was also on the rise. I never faulted Chris Bosh for leaving, same situation (minus the hometown part)
Does your wife know she married a 31 year old manchild?
Yeah true enough, and even then it would be the weirdest and strongest flex in the history of NHL video games (outside of having Gretz/Lemieux in the first couple days)
Best live show I've ever seen. I saw them 4 times, and twice I was lucky enough to be at or near the front (one time I was front row, dead center, slapped hands with Sarah and Gianni at different points of the show). Also [this picture](https://imgur.com/a/w2Q4TQT) means a lot more to me now. Don't let the facial expression fool you, he was doing that for every pic and smiling in between. He will be missed
They're not really a cover band but you're right they're not exactly legendary. Canadian legends possibly, they won both a Juno and multiple Canadian Radio Music Awards, and they've played a ton of major Canadian shows. Super talented, and honestly very nice people.
116 days. That's a possible total of 348, and you have 341. That's absurd. I really hope you're using PS4 remote or have some auto-login system or something set up.
He already cleared waivers once this year so I'm 99% sure he doesn't need to clear again
Imagine never seeing early Goldust and not having any explanation as to why he's painted gold and why he's acting like he is with Razor Ramon. The thing is, we all know Dustin Runnells is playing a character, but with Sonny it is a lot more blurred.
That's part of Cornette's point, though. You had a lengthy pre-show, you couldn't find 15 seconds for each guy to at least give us an idea of their character?
You think fans in Atlanta won't be pissed if they pay extra for a ticket and LeBron sits out?
It was never DNP for load management but you can't tell me last year Lowry wouldn't have played an additional 5-10 games, especially with his ankle stuff. I will admit that "not technically injured" was a poor choice of words for Lowry, it just certainly seemed like he played through less than in past years.
Scott Wheeler being ripped for that tweet was just stupidity at its finest
He's an outside shooter, he doesn't attack often (and really doesn't get a ton of calls when he does)
Tbf so do Embiid and Jimmy Butler. If refs called fouls on plays where guys didn't sell them, maybe guys wouldn't have to sell them so hard?
So to finish the AL I need the diamonds for Boston, New York, LA, and Houston. My changes would be: C: Sanchez -&gt; Rodriguez 1B: Gallo -&gt; Bautista 2B: Turner -&gt; Betts OF: Acuna -&gt; Trout Rotation would add Blue, Sale, and possibly Scott. Altuve, JD Martinez, and probably Ellsbury would be added to my bench. Bullpen would add Chapman and Percival.
Why? It's better than the alternative. If the NHL had no cap, the Jays would just re-sign Marner at 12M or whatever, pay Marleau his money to play on the 4th line, and never have to worry about it. Your issue seems to be with the LTIR loophole, and I see an easy way to solve it. A player must pass a physical in order to be traded, and if he can't pass that physical then he cannot be placed on LTIR by the team that acquires him for any pre-existing injuries.
Why would he play for a team without magnets?
That's not necessarily true, especially with a calf injury. Kevin Durant is all-world, but is it worth playing him if he can't run, jump, or shoot properly?
Well to be fair, if you guys were missing Steph AND KD, I'm pretty sure some people would be saying the Raptors got lucky
Refs rigging the game for Golden State, even they know Boogie is awful right now
Boogie's 2nd was a foul, literally the same call against Lowry last game. Hand on the ball, arm on arm contact
First was a textbook charge, 2nd was verrrry questionable
Siakam stepped out of bounds before receiving the pass, so they kind of canceled each other out. Edit: I'm thinking of the NCAA/high school rule, him stepping out is irrelevant
Scott Foster apparently believes Danny Green simply tripped over his own feet
Cousins has flopped three times. That one was a foul, but Cousins has been diving all over the place.
There's something special about 2-foot dunkers.
Same reason I could never play volleyball, I can't jump off 2 feet.
#CLEAN Fuck these refs.
On 50 shots
&gt; apprised Good word. My issue isn't the foul numbers, it's the fouls that were called. Lowry, Gasol, Siakam, and Ibaka all had complete non-fouls that were called as fouls and all four are in foul trouble because of it
You would think after getting embarrassed over and over this sub would ease up on the hot takes, but here we are.
Not always, there can be pushes
He was a nanosecond away from a steal. If Livingston doesn't come back to the ball with perfect timing, Siakam has a dunk at the other end.
I actually wonder if the hand on the back/neck is what draws the foul, since that was the only contact Curry didn't initiate.
Holy shit, come on, are you serious? Do you think I'm accusing Curry over kicking Fred's knee? Fred kicked Curry's knee, that's what happened. It wasn't intentional, it wasn't dirty, it wasn't a foul, but how else would you describe it?
I don't know how you or anyone else could read any of my posts and think I was saying Curry had done something intentionally, I can only assume it's people seeing my flair and making assumptions.
&gt;“Curry’s knee catches VanVleet’s foot is why VanVleet fell,” There's no implication there, it's factual. I could also write "VanVleet's foot caught Curry's knee" and that would be factual.
Does it only affect BR or also ranked seasons? I never play BR and haven't seen it yet.
LTIR can be used in the summer, according to capfriendly.
They don't have to be recent Olympians. Brodeur, Luongo, Bergeron, Fleury, Lecavalier, St. Louis, Simon Gagne, and Vlasic all fit.
Observable in enhanced video means it's not an incorrect no-call, it basically means "Yeah it happened, but there's no way for the refs to see that in real time"
&gt;Doing it for TV is absolutely fine Well, yes and no. Like if they announce a match at a show (TV, house show, whatever) weeks or months in advance knowing the whole time the plan is to bait-and-switch, that's scummy as hell and costs a ton of money in the long term. If you announce something at the start of the show or earlier that day, it'll still piss off TV fans but at least you're not causing people to spend their money on something that's a lie. The big issue right now is they did it *3 weeks in a row* and they don't seem to understand the difference between "boo heel did heel things" heat and "boo fuck this company" heat.
It would have to be discussed yes, but the Hurricanes are not going to agree to anything beyond talking unless they know if Kapanen will sign with them and for how much. If Kappy is demanding 5+ then Carolina isn't doing that deal.
I can't think of any time in modern history where a team was without their clear best player and could still play 4 all-stars...
I'm putting this out there now - I don't think KD comes back. If he's not even practicing with the team yet, and they're ruling him out over 24 hours before tip-off, that tells me he's not even close. People can say "Oh he would be playing if they were down 2-0" but if they're not bringing him back with Steph sick, Klay hobbled, Iggy hobbled, and Looney out...he's not able to play, period.
Also as an alternate answer, can you think of any time in modern history where a team without their clear best player could make the Finals? Think of any team (aside from the Warriors) in the past 25 years, take the best player off that team in the 2nd-last game of the 2nd round. Does that team make the Finals?
10x3 would also be a horrendous deal for whoever signs him
Yes, if he does practice at 100% speed, and is pain-free, then that's enough to say he's coming back. I guess I was looking at the quote a little differently, without the caveats.
&gt;EDIT 3: Shit, I didn't even notice the car in front of the silver car, got thrown off the road to the right, hit a parking garage. Even looking for it, I Find it really hard to see it.
There's a big difference between basketball/hockey/baseball/football highlights and UFC highlights. You can watch all 4 of those with basic cable packages.
That's the #1 reason I went to the hospital after I got rear-ended. I felt relatively okay, but the impact was pretty harsh and I knew my head/neck had snapped foreword violently (it also helps that I'm Canadian and it didn't cost me anything). I had whiplash but no concussion, no broken bones, and it gave me peace of mind the next morning when I woke up and hurt like hell.
Or they're people looking for advice before spending a ton of stubs? Especially for collection rewards that you can't sell
https://www.reddit.com/r/MLBTheShow/comments/bheawh/regarding_the_topps_now_moments_if_i_have_an_all Can't decide if this is hypocrisy or irony
So at what point does a fetus become a human baby? What's your cutoff point?
So you're generalizing all Christians and the entire faith as "bad politically" and supports or child molestation and abuse? The fact is, the Bible says that the worst punishment is held for those who harm children, that "it would be better for you to have a large millstone tied around your neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea" than to cause a child to stumble or be harmed. It's awful, it should never happen, but the idea that Christians somehow support these monsters is just not true. Also I went deeper into the link you sourced, and [this is the initial source](https://www.csmonitor.com/2002/0405/p01s01-ussc.html) &gt; Volunteers are more likely than clergy or paid staff to be abusers. Perhaps more startling, children at churches are accused of sexual abuse as often as are clergy and staff. In 1999, for example, 42 percent of alleged child abusers were volunteers, about 25 percent were paid staff members (including clergy) and 25 percent were other children. Also you quoted the wrong part of it, since the next paragraph in the wiki is what's actually talking about Protestants, and [this is the source for that](https://www.catholicweekly.com.au/gerard-henderson-the-media-the-commission-and-the-church/) Both sources go on to say that churches are working on this (the initial one from 2002 says "Still, it is the reduction of reported allegations over nine years that seems to indicate that some churches are learning how to slow abuse allegations with tough new prevention measures, say insurance company officials and church officials themselves."), but yes it is a terrible part of the past and is still ongoing in many places, and it needs to be demonized and called out for what it is. Just understand that the vast, vast, vast majority of Christians and churches feel the same way you do.
&gt;You do realize that pro-lifers are trying to ban all abortions right? This is like me saying "You do realize that pro-choicers are trying to allow abortions right up until the moment of birth, right?" There is a **ton** of nuance to both sides. &gt;Wait, do you? How many abortions do you believe are late term abortions? Yes, it is a small percentage, but...do you seriously not understand my point? So at 18 weeks, it is a decision between the mother and the doctor. But at 28 weeks, there should be restrictions? Also for some reason I'm not limited and can't respond often, so this will probably be my last response. I just hope you understand, at some point down the road, that both sides have nuance and there those who disagree with you are not ignorant, or bad, or idiots, but rather ones who have looked at the facts and simply come to a different conclusion from you. This isn't just in regard to abortion, but everything else in life as well. Once you realize that, it'll be far easier for you to have civilized, adult conversations.
Sport science and medical staffs are great for things like a nagging knee injury, not a lot you can do with concussions.
This is huge. I love March Madness but having teams like Villinova or Auburn succeed by just constantly launching 3s is frustrating. Literally half of Auburn's FGA in the tournament were 3s. It was feeling like the only stat that mattered each game was who shot a higher volume/percentage of 3s.
Are you counting the OG tiny Cup as one of the 3, or are there actually 3?
It's better than it was before because you can't have 99-everything switch-hitting catchers and shit, but yes, having a 5'4", 300-pound black guy with blonde hair and a giant beard, name "Big Daddy Dick" is absolutely immersion-breaking in a far bigger way than having Kershaw face Cobb. There used to be a need for CAPs (otherwise you couldn't do anything with locked-in commons, and other locked-in cards were only good for quickselling) but now there really isn't. I haven't touched my CAP this year, especially since there are so many incredible high-rated options at basically every position.
Right now Gary Sanchez, but I sold everything that wasn't nailed down when the stub sale started and I'll be finishing the AL and getting Pudge this weekend.
Is it weird that Klay being out makes me more nervous?
Also this game and series are far from over, but situations like this are why you still go for it when you have the chance. Crazy shit happens sometimes, and injuries are a factor in sports.
Yeah little carry...
4.
Muggsy?
My apologies to all Americans, didn't realize the US feed is so far behind
Exact same call they made on Green earlier. You can't run into a defender like that
27 first half fouls between the two teams. Lowry, Gasol, Danny Green, and Bogut with 3 apiece.
Except Dray should have 3 fouls right now
Did you feel the same way when they called it on Danny Green like 15 minutes earlier?
A hockey check are you fucking serious? He has the right to chase after Curry. For the 50th time, teams would literally do it every time down the floor if it was allowed. Pass to a big at the top of the key, have him take two dribbles sideways while a guard cuts around on the outside, then have the big just fucking plow through the guard chasing after the shooter.
Cook runs directly through him, I literally posted the rule, and you're calling me biased. Alright, good talk.
Cook went to go over Lowry? Are you watching the same play I am? Yes, Lowry uses his shoulder to absorb the contact, but Cook absolutely runs through him, or at least would have if Lowry didn't brace. Lowry's feet hardly move and Cook's shoulder is lined up with the middle of his chest, so Lowry has two options - avoid the contact (taking a poor line to Curry, giving him a wide open 3), or brace for the impact and draw the foul.
Curry: 13/26 shooting, 6/12 from 3, 43 points Rest of the Warriors: 17/46 shooting, 3/15 from 3, 46 points Klay being out is going to take a lot of head off Dray and Cousins being a combined 4/17 with 7 rebounds, 6 assists, and 6 turnovers.
Lowry and Danny Green have combined to hit 11 3s. That's good.
That's not how that works. There isn't a player in the NBA that makes a team 20 points per game better, not even LeBron (he's worth ~10 points per 100 possessions, based on Cleveland last year vs. this year).
He traveled, but McKinnie absolutely fouled him ahead of time (hint for defensive players out there: just because you put your arms up doesn't mean you can run chest-first into the dribbler)
You never had a flair before, you post on r/lakers, and now the Warriors are taking on the Raptors in the finals and suddenly you're a Warriors fan? And what do I have to respond to? You provided no content.
Yeah, should have been a foul on McKinnie, Kawhi shooting 2, but I'll take it.
Those guys are admitted Warriors fans, cmon. Look at the rest of their tweets, all bitching about calls
Yes, they are. Watch their videos
And when all that's left in public service are people who can't find work in the private sector, I'm sure that won't have a negative impact on our health care, policing, schools, infrastructure, etc....
Well yes and no, if the shot hits backboard and is coming off with no chance to score, it's free for anyone (offensive or defensive). This one is more questionable. Edit: Hey downvoters, if a guy throws up a wild layup that hits the top corner of the backboard and is missing the rim by 3 feet, you can go get it. Downvote all you want, that's the rule
I don't think you do
Sure, but the entire storyline was hot garbage. Your play-by-play guy, your primary voice, should **NEVER** be a heel. Ever.
It is, but it's also 2.5% lower than his regular season average, and as I mentioned it's 13% lower than his Finals shooting.
That's...not even remotely what I said.
When you're a shareholder you don't get to curse out opposing players
I remember reading an article in SI with two pictures. One where you see the guy next to the beer tosser laughing about what's happening, and then 5 seconds later the same guy with the biggest "oh shit" face with Artest winding up to kill him.
They're making him do that, it appears
Yeah, Dray is still an elite defensive player, he's just better as a free safety than a corner back
The way Johnny sells makes it incredibly telegraphed
I just wish Boston had scored after Binnington had his stick taken away from him so we could see outrage from both sides
There are ways to game rating mod as well, and you'll just see people with stacked teams that run a bad bench, 2-3 weak bullpen arms, and a bad rotation.
The stub sale should start any minute now, shouldn't it? The Days of Play sale is launching right now.
That's weird that it's happening at a different time from the stat of Days of Play. On the plus side, that gives a couple hours for the market to crash before it spikes.
Keep in mind Dermott is out to start the season and so is Hyman, so we'll likely see an early-season callup for one D and one F.
I'm just saying that with our cap situation, we likely aren't going to sign anybody to replace the openings left by Dermott and Hyman (I'm counting Rosen as a replacement for Hainsey/Gardiner), so I expect we'll see a Marlie or two called up.
I think a lot of it is because of Tim Thomas. His 2012 playoffs may be the greatest goalie performance of all-time (1992-93 Roy, 2002-03 Giguere, 1994-95 Brodeur, and 2011-12 Quick are the rest of the top 5 for modern history, imo). It's an unfair standard to hold Rask to.
I mean there does come a point where as a ref you're not calling a borderline hook or something, but I'm talking like a 4-goal deficit with 3 minutes left kind of situation.
The human body does funny things when it gets caught off guard.
This game is UGLY
Foul per minute last game, 5 fouls combined through 10 minutes.
Well it also depends on when Fred Jr is born in this timeline
They said on the broadcast last night it's the first time a team has won three times at Oracle in the same season since the Sonics in 94-95
I'm with you. Guards should always go Pts-Ast-Reb, and bigs should always go Pts-Reb-Ast. Just feels weird to say something like "Harden had 45, 3, and 11"
Well the throwing the ball at the ref part definitely matters (as to whether it was an NBA game or not) and Lance wasn't even in the NBA when his legal issues transpired. But I do believe the Lance things and the Lowry incident both would be much bigger news now than they were then. Lowry would be suspended, and Lance...well, the sexual assault I don't think the NBA could touch him, but the assault on his girlfriend would have been investigated (he had been drafted but hadn't played yet) and I wonder if he even makes the Pacers or if they would have just cut him outright.
The best part is he's not even an NBA fan, he's a salty Edmonton Oilers fans who hates the Leafs.
Can I ask a dumb question...why? Are these people looking for last-minute tickets, or are they lined up for Jurassic Park?
&gt;What is best for the team is also what is best for Masai since he is evaluated based on team performance. This is correct...it also doesn't make it selfish.
If the manager at a store decides to promote one employee over the other because the one employee is clearly better at the job, and it leads their store to be the #1 store in the country, is that manager selfish?
Depth perception is a huge thing, too. I used to hate playing at this one local high school because it was a triple-gym, and sometimes they would remove the false "wall" separating the basketball court from the third gym, so shooting at that end was brutal because you had no backdrop. I can only imagine how difficult it is to go from shooting in high school gyms to shooting in front of 20,000 people, with a moving multi-coloured, and very deep backdrop.
Of course in this case it would be written into the employee's contract that moving across the country could happen, and they're being paid 100x what the average person in their area makes anyway. I feel like I'm taking absolute crazy pills, here. I'm not saying Davis should be loyal to the team (I think it's dumb af when fans cry about players leaving in free agency), but there is a world of difference between quitting on your team (thereby hurting your teammates/co-workers) and making a trade to improve your team (thereby helping the team/co-workers).
By that definition, literally anything anyone has ever done to be good at their job is a selfish act, and that's insanity.
I played a guy who had his team name as Twitch.TV so I looked him up...literally 0 followers, 0 views, and like 50+ hours of streaming. I felt kinda sad.
How is there not a rule about having warmups that match the other team's jersey? Edit: Also just me or did the player put his hand up like he was calling for a pass?
For those in the arena, there were certainly some who thought KD was selling for a foul, or were just focused on Ibaka. Not many, but I'm sure we all know that you don't see everything live that you see on TV. ZERO excuse for people watching on TV or any screens anywhere, since it was clear what happened immediately. And no excuses overall, since there was enough cheering after it was clear to be shameful. Hopefully Toronto fans learn and it never happens again
How many times did the Raptors lose 3 straight this year?
Weirdly shit like that doesn't bother me as much. Every city has assholes, and assholes use times like these to be assholes. Individual shit is one thing, Mob mentality is way worse. Edit: I chose my words poorly. Shit like this is awful and obviously should never happen, I'm saying the whole "oh this represents Toronto" idea. Tens of thousands of people cheering for an injury is a worse look than one crazy, drunk asshole. This kind of idiocy happens on a Saturday night in every major city in North America, where some drunk asshole sucker punches someone.
The first two cheers are the steal and the layup. Yes, there are assholes waving and cheering the injury, but it's not a large percentage (especially compared to what it sounded like inside the arena)
~~Didn't Warriors fans cheer with Kawhi was injured by Zaza, or am I mistaken?~~ Edit: I am mistaken. Saw a clip posted earlier but it wasn't what I thought it was.
How is this digging the hole? It's despicable, it should never happen, but you're missing my point. Saying "This one asshole sucker punched a guy and that *clearly* represents all Raptors fans" is as stupid as me painting the entire Bay Area under the same brush as [this violent attack after a Niners game](https://abcnews.go.com/US/video-shows-violent-attack-49ers-vikings-nfl-game/story?id=33792182), or [this attack by a Raiders fan](https://foxbaltimore.com/news/local/raiders-fans-plead-guilty-to-2016-assault-on-ravens-fan), or [this brawl at a Niners/Radiers game](https://abc7news.com/sports/dozens-of-arrests-during-battle-of-the-bay-at-levis-stadium/4602099/). Every city, every fanbase, has assholes that will do random, stupid shit. However, the thousands of people (in the arena, in bars, in various gatherings) that cheered the injury, and *defended* cheering the injury...that bothers me on a different level. It's kind of hard to say it "doesn't represent the fanbase" when that many people are doing it. I officially don't understand this sub. I'm saying that the cheering of the injury is an especially bad look for a fanbase whereas a random asshole throwing a sucker punch is a standard bad look, and I'm getting down voted.
&gt;The alleged victim, Michigan State defensive back Jermaine Edmondson, and his girlfriend leveled several accusations against Green in statements to police, beginning with the Second Team All-NBA selection allegedly bumping Edmondson at Rick’s bar on Friday night and asking, “Do you know you I am?” before members of Green’s entourage grabbed Edmondson and **his girlfriend** by the throat. https://sports.yahoo.com/news/draymond-greens-alleged-victim-tells-police-he-was-choked-punched-181126275.html Would you care to re-word your statement?
Hahahaha wow. So Lowry, in an incident he apologized for and has evidently changed from, throws a ball at a female official and threatens her, that makes him a woman abuser. Draymond goes to a bar with his buddies, picks a fight with a random guy, has his two buds choke him out, then one of those buds goes to choke out his girlfriend (actual assault, borderline attempted murder), and that's totally fine? [The fact that it gave them both symptoms of PTSD doesn't matter to you?](https://www.si.com/nba/2017/07/25/draymond-green-assault-victims-press-conference) The fact that he sucker-punched the guy, which you describe as a battle between "equally drunk combatants," doesn't matter to you? Get off your high horse, Draymond is more than just a guy who "yells at refs." Seriously, the fact that you're defending the literal choking out of a defenseless woman because it was just his entourage makes you 100x worse than anyone who cheered the injury. Sign off for the night, get some sleep.
Yeah the third cheer is....bad. I'm not sure what was being shown at that point, but if memory serves it was the injury replay. Maybe not, but I'm 90% sure
Lowry was not on Klay on that possession, Kawhi was. Also Lowry's final 3 being blocked is not remotely his fault
If even 1% of the ball is over the cylinder, it's a goaltend
Because it has happened elsewhere. Albeit not in the finals, but it's not like the Warriors are our rivals or anything either. Nobody cheered in Cleveland when Hayward broke his leg, and that was a rivalry. Some fanbases would have, but either way Toronto *did* and that's what matters.
Disagree on the 2017 Cavs, the Warriors blew their doors off twice and Game 5 wasn't *that* close, either. That Cleveland team was really weak defensively (21st in DRTG) and it showed (Golden State with the 121.6 ORTG in the Finals, compared to 108.7 this year), they also didn't have a true rim protector. The Cavs may have had more pure talent, but based on how they played I would take this year's Raptors.
Yeah, I should've gone to bed about 2 hours earlier than I did, and I appreciate that coming from a dirty Boston fan.
Both, it doesn't make sense for either team.
Nah, they were pushing the "He might play" narrative to keep the Raptors on their toes, and honestly because they probably didn't know themselves. Muscles are weird like that, especially the calf. I know it was a contusion and not a sprain/tear, but Siakam went from barely able to jump to looking like his normal self in 48 hours.
Two things. 1) You can actually hear the crowd become hushed when it's clear Svechnikov is knocked out. The noise you hear is the stick banging mixed with boos. 2) It's a Carolina home game, why would they be going ballistic over their player being knocked out?
It's the Rapinoe one and Morgan counting her goals that pissed me off, that and the team dance celebration. Like ffs, it's 12-0, go to center and start play back up.
That's because the people on here are, for the most part, more serious/knowledgeable basketball fans than the majority of people at bars and watch parties, and they know better.
You basically told the guy he was flat out wrong, but you were only talking about a fraction of a fraction of one part of his post? And yes, I do think most fans thought Durant was being soft, because they listen to the talking heads. That's my point, you dolt.
Nah that's not true. The average user here is way more knowledgeable
The old rules were 50% past $200 right?
Absolutely, 100%. You're taught from a young age to *never* jump at jump shooters, especially at the 3-point line, since the odds of actually blocking that shot without fouling are so slim. If he's off by a split-second and ends up smacking Lowry on the wrist, they call it, and Lowry gets 3 free throws, needing 2 to win, he's vilified forever.
&gt; Lowry would be the last option to shoot he doesn't hit game winning shots [Pardon?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7OAuvsfFK0) [Also this](https://youtu.be/CxOsyi4tlZc?t=114) &gt; FVV screwed him with the pass too. Gasol picking Lowry's guy knowing he is brining Draymond to help. Terrible offensive play. FVV should have shot or passed it to Green. The pass to Green is impossible unless you know a way for VanVleet to throw a pass over or through Livingston. And if you think VanVleet taking a runner over Livingston is a better shot than a clean look at a Lowry 3, you're out of your mind. &gt;And Lowry has to give it a chance to go in he can't get his shot blocked. That's embarrassing I think that is the second time he had it blocked in a big game for a winning shot. [Yeah, only garbage losers get game-winners blocked](https://youtu.be/WJTr78mEII4?t=41) Dray made a ridiculous defensive play and got his fingertip on his shot. Putting this on Lowry is ridiculous, would you rather he shoots a fadeaway into the Warriors' bench that has no hope of going in so that it doesn't get blocked?
It literally happened twice in the NCAA tournament this year, and I know that's not the NBA but that's twice in one tourney (involving the same team). Fouls get called on buzzer beaters, it happens.
Uhhh not sure how you expect him to make that pass, and you do see Draymond there right?
&gt; I’m denying the fact that it was an incredible play. Well you're wrong, but okay. &gt;I’m denying the fact that no matter what, it is a no brainer to attempt that defensive play. Did you watch Auburn/Virginia? Or Auburn/NMSU? What was the narrative after that? "Never jump out at 3-point shooters" "Never foul a jump shooter" is one of the top 5 rules of basketball defense.
All I can say is it's a little easier to do all that when you're looking at a still image and it's one brain, not 5 trying to figure things out in real time.
I'm saying you have to start from the very beginning to analyze it, there's 5 seconds before this clip starts.
Refs are **way** more lenient with screens away from the play
Yep, Draymond has to trust the internal clock in his head and his instincts that Lowry is shooting.
&gt;you honestly think Raptors fan's did nothing wrong? Yikes. Can you read, or...? You're the one grouping all Canadians together because a group of Raptors fans did something mind-numbingly stupid. You can read my thoughts [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/bz7zcb/klay_on_the_toronto_fans_cheering_kds_injury_it/eqqq5yf/) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/bz8085/kyle_lowry_on_the_fans_reaction_to_kds_injury_i/eqqqu50/). What they did was stupid, but you using that as a way to whataboutism away from what the USWNT did simply because the person saying it is Canadian is just sad.
Because you can angle your body *away* from the body, instead of towards it. Dray could jump off to the right slightly and still have his hand in the path of Lowry's shot, and it reduces any risk of fouling.
I can't tell if you're angry because you're a Rockets fan, angry because you don't like your job, or angry because you don't understand how basketball works.
I wasn't remotely upset, I pointed out Toronto is not Canada
Anybody want to help me fundraise a few thousand dollars to send this man to one last game?
Yeah that's a good point, I might be over-thinking this. I was just bored at work and checking Natural Stat Trick and I couldn't believe the 5v5 numbers.
Klay is also 1/3 on "Very Tight"
No, THAT is flawed logic. If one team relies on off-ball screens more than twice as often as any other team, and suddenly all off-ball screens are 20% more likely to be called for a foul, why wouldn't that impact the team that uses them more often? [Literally the first shot of last game could have been called an illegal screen on Draymond](https://stats.nba.com/events/?flag=1&amp;GameID=0041800405&amp;GameEventID=8&amp;Season=2018-19&amp;title=Curry%2025%27%203PT%20Jump%20Shot%20(3%20PTS)%20(Iguodala%201%20AST)&amp;sct=plot) Actually going through the 3s made by Golden State, I think it's clear the "stick your ass/hip out" style of screen that Boogie got called on with 15 seconds left is a conscious decision by the coaches and/or players, because it happens often (including on the made 3 by Steph a minute before the one Boogie was called on, the only difference was FVV was trailing Curry so he ended up going the long way around the screen). [Technically, once you are set in your screening position, you can't re-position right as the defender gets there](https://videorulebook.nba.com/archive/illegal-screen-pickn-roll-screener-re-positions/), which is basically never called anymore. Now look, I'm not saying the Warriors deserve a bunch of foul calls, because that's just how the game is called now. My point is you can't say "but Curry gets grabbed" without also accepting that the NBA doesn't call illegal screens off the ball unless they're especially egregious.
"The raps are literally grabbing and holding the Warriors constantly, and then **the refs are calling fouls on the warriors when they try to get out of the holds."** Can you show me a single instance where this happened?
&gt;I agree with you that rules as written it was an illegal screen. Still a bullshit call, though. Umm... For what it's worth, and I posted this in the daily discussion thread, Cousins *tried* to do the same thing 3 possessions earlier, but he missed Fred entirely so there was no call. It's very plausible that either Fred or a coach said at the timeout "Hey, Cousins keeps throwing his ass out on screens, watch for it" and the refs were aware and looking for it. Also it wasn't just the hip, he hit VanVleet with his shoulder first, then threw the hip, so it was about as blatant of an illegal screen as you can set without tackling someone.
Check his stats for the 2017 and 2018 playoffs then come on back
Right, and if each ref worked 9 games, they'd see 27 refs, so it is likely one would have a 9-0 record
Nah I can say that was a foul. Can't hit a shooter on the arm
Lowry got tripped, but none of that matters now. Remind me, was it his right or left hamstring he hurt?
Not even remotely his fault
/s?
And he had the game of his life, or at least best half he's ever played.
Not if Siakam catches the pass. Also easier said than done, he's trapped in the corner and it's super easy to step out of bounds
Never mind, you're not getting it. Danny has to pivot to keep the ball away from Dray, and every movement risks touching either line, which is turnover. If he turns his back and turtles, a help defender comes and it's either a turnover or a jump ball. 12 seconds is forever in that spot. Trust me, it's not like you're describing
I was thoroughly confused until I remembered the NBA doesn't have the "sub for the shooter" thing after a made free throw like every other level does. I also don't really know what the solution to the situation is. The Warriors could theoretically have played 4v5 defense and then called a timeout, but even that sucks.
Is that Lids or another site?
Thanks appreciate it, I wish Klay and KD speedy recoveries
Nah it's tied to their app so you can only redeem it once
You're impossible. Iguodala was literally on his way to come trap, Green has no way of pivoting around since spinning in either direction is going to put him either over the line or off-balance (since he can't swing his leg through Green's body), and you expect him to be able to just stand there for 12 seconds? You're wrong. Completely, entirely wrong.
A game and a 4th quarter, but they still won that game - and didn't have Cousins at all for the series.
Okay, and? Cousins has never been good defensively or on the pick-and-roll. And again, if you put Jordan Bell or Andrew Bogut in that spot, do you think it turns out any differently?
Yeah, the full group is Bron/Kobe/Jordan (x3), Bird/Hakeem (x2), and then one apiece for Barkley, Curry, Durant, Iverson, Kawhi, Dirk, Shaq, and Wade
See I'm wondering if that's actually from last night, because there was a news report looking for people in connection with smashing a cop car after the ECF.
Yeah but so far there's no connection between that and the celebrations
Did he delete some comments?
Yeah as luck would have it I was just talking to a cop and he said they basically used them as toys to play with. Took some old Crown Vics that they don't really use and figured if they get destroyed it's no biggie
He literally talks about that in the first 30 seconds, and they've talked basketball on his podcasts for the last 6 weeks. Look, don't gatekeep, it's a fun video
You're right, we do have to pick the smartest option. Standing still and turtling is not that. Also you don't know what results oriented means.
First shot of the series
Underrated factor is that Lowry's two best games this series both came after a loss
You cannot possibly be serious
Tbf international accolades don't matter for baseball and football HoFs
...you're 3.5 games out...
Oh right yeah
The 90% number is listed, too. And different provinces categorize differently. Also you're a liar
Is it just me or do they look suuuuuuper hungover
Except they didn't do load management for player health, they did it because it gave them the best chance to win. Also I'm not saying the Spurs were anti-health, just that their doctors screwed up on more than one occasion. It happened with Grant Hill and cost him a huge chunk of his career.
&gt;It was everything leading up to that that was unprofessional. First, he tanked his trade value by doing two things: &gt; &gt;(1) His reps said he’d only play for LA. This made other teams like Boston hesitant to trade. I read reports of people saying this would happen or be said, but were there any public quotes? I mean Woj said the Wizards might offer Ujiri $10M but that turned out to be false. &gt; &gt;(2) His reps said he would sit out the season if traded anywhere else. (I don’t need to explain this. Just look up what he said about playing for the Raptors. He was upset and said he would sit out, before finally coming around) See above. I can't find any public quotes, only theories and clickbait &gt; &gt;Second, once the trade was finalized his representatives immediately reported that has 100% healthy and ready to play. Very convenient timing. I mean he wasn't fully healthy though, that's why he sat out so much &gt; &gt;This is not including all the times he failed to report back to the team or blasted the medical team even though he had full control of his rehab for that year. &gt; &gt;I dunno man, I’m glad yall got a chip but please don’t put this man on a pedestal. It sets a bad precedent for the league as a whole to have players dismiss their obligations and contracts. And what if the truth is the Spurs medical team sucked and they were trying to pressure him back before he was ready? How did he go from "quitting on a team" to carrying the Raptors through the playoffs while limping almost the entire time?
You're showing me examples of people saying "according to league reports" or "according to ESPN's person..." which are notoriously unreliable. Do any direct quotes from Kawhi or his people exist?
The only reason they got Durant in the first place is because the cap went up like 25 mil in one season
Did the Sportsnet stream die for everyone or just me?
They want one big name on each bus. Ibaka on Bus 1, Green/Powell on Bus 2, Siakam on Bus 4, Gasol on Bus 5
Am I blind or is there nowhere to buy the Board Man Gets Paid shirts? I assume they're sold out everywhere?
Yes, please, I would buy 5 copies of that shirt and wear it every work day.
2 million was projected, turns out it may have been a low estimate
5 days of sweat...nope
https://www.sportsnet.ca/basketball/nba/watch-live-toronto-raptors-championship-parade/ Still on, lots of delay because of the mass of humanity
But it was a low estimate, since it's more than that
Nah, that would lead to a much worse situation. Lots of people have been out there, some drinking, for hours waiting for this. Calling it off now could legitimately lead to a riot.
Two stabbings? And rush hour doesn't matter, all those roads are closed and nobody is driving through there today.
Has there ever been a championship parade where some players didn't get to speak?
Oh I give him full credit for that, I'm just saying I don't think that type of speaking is really his element, and I would have loved it if Kuhn got that chance.
From ticketmaster? What games did you go to? I don't see how that's possible. Do you mean $20 USD? Before fees?
Again, based on what? You are aware he was injured for about two months this season, right? And that he turned 20 after the regular season ended?
Because it's a proper name, they're named after a WWI fighting regiment, not the leaf that grows on maple trees.
No no no, waaaay off. 2 injured, not life-threatening, 2 arrests made. There was a separate incident of a stabbing with 4 injuries, but that wasn't at the celebration, it was in a shopping centre near it. Edit: Further update from TPS: https://twitter.com/TPSOperations/status/1140716091129442305 4 injured, 3 arrests, no deaths
How often do you spend 8-10 hours there, only for midnight to be delayed by 3 hours?
Really? When did that change? r/NHLHUT has a whole wiki for posting PSN/XBL names of people to avoid (who abuse glitches, for example).
[It's on Reddit, and you report players through the sub a well](https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLHUT/wiki/players_to_avoid)
Yeah the losses due to the cap really crippled the Capitals...
Bonuses paid out to coaches or staff is an easy one. Maybe they paid one assistant coach a $10k bonus because another team was headhunting him, and they don't want the other coaches to find out? You've also got situations where they pay company X to do task Y and that company would not want an itemized list of what they charged getting leaked to the public, either.
"Cusp of a cup" in that they hadn't made it to a Conference Final since 1998? The year before they won, they went down 2-1 to the 8th-seeded Leafs in the first round and then lost to Pittsburgh in the second. The offseason before they won, they lost Johnasson, Williams, Shattenkirk (who they traded assets to get), and Alzner. Teams are chokers or have "no shot at the Cup" until they win it, then after everyone goes "Oh well clearly they were right on the cusp, it was obvious!" You even saw that with **VEGAS** where people tried to act like it wasn't a surprise!
Is there any sort of mod discussion you could have about opening it up to allow posts with verification? That's how NHLHUT does it - you have to have either video or photo proof (such as a user's last 15 games all being DNF Wins in the first 30 seconds) of them being an abuser. Granted it wouldn't help too much in MLB since you don't see the username ahead of time, so maybe it's not worth it.
Your last point is a different kettle of fish, safety shouldn't change. For everything else...because the Men's team brings in more money. I don't know about flights and such or how any of that would work, and also individual appearances would be on a person-by-person and case-by-case basis. [Overall, the pay debate is complicated](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/22/sports/soccer/usmnt-uswnt-soccer-equal-pay.html), I just think it's dumb that people out there believe that WNBA and NBA salaries can be compared, for example.
Oh please, don't act like the narrative from everyone else didn't flip as soon as it becomes about contracts. If any Leafs fan declared Marner the best winger in the league at mid-season you would have downvoted him so fast it would've left a crater.
The Marlboros were a junior hockey team in Toronto for about 60 years, and they were initially named after the Duke of Malborough.
What's that story?
Except Marner would be like 20% of Ottawa's internal cap
4x2 would be a hilariously bad deal for you guys, but you do you.
PP points certainly count for less when comparing players, how is it Mitch's fault that refs decided to never call penalties in Leafs games? And of course he had better possession numbers, he was on the best line in the league. How many penalties did Pasta kill?
I thought I was free of this...
Devil's advocate here, but should he be punished for something he wrote two years earlier, something that really doesn't affect his scholastic capabilities? I'm just starting to hate how the coin flips based on who is outraged. I thought it was dumb that Gunn was removed from Guardians of the Galaxy, I thought it was dumb that Kevin Hart was removed from the Oscars, and I think it's dumb that this kid lost his acceptance to college. And shit, Gunn and Hart were full-grown adults when they made thos comments, Kyle was a 16-year-old. It drove me nuts when this kept happening during the most recent election in Ontario (the province I live in). The PCs (right-wing) kept bringing up tweets and facebook messages that were incredibly old (one was from 12 years ago, I believe, and was just a picture with a news article about a protest) from candidates running for the NDPs (left-wing). I hated it, I didn't see how it was relevant. I mean shit, DeFranco himself has made racially insensitive comments and videos, but they were 10 years ago and he has clearly changed.
Are you actually serious? OSAP loans are absolutely not interest free, are you insane?
Do you say the same thing to people who take out a mortgage?
&gt; Oh and remember that Carbon tax? Let me guess, you don't do your own taxes, do you?
I would also argue part of the problem is the lack of a realistic max contract. In the NBA the max number is probably too low, in the NHL it's so high nobody will ever hit it. I wouldn't be surprised if the NHL adopts a sliding max limit, similar to the NBA. Example: 1st year out Of ELC, max is 10% of the cap with a 10% year-to-year increase. An 8 year max deal would look like this: 8, 8.8, 9.68, 10.65, 11.71, 12.88, 14.17, 15.59. Total value of 91.48, AAV of 11.43. But then as service increases, so does the max, until you reach the current max which is (IIRC) 20% of the cap.
I'm not saying the cap would go up, I'm saying the contract would. AAV still calculated as it is
People are more willing to wait to use their a/c, put on a sweater instead of cranking the heat, carpool, and remember to turn their lights off if everything costs a little more.
You're looking at raw numbers, though. How many PP minutes did San Jose have in total on the year? I guarantee it was waaaaaay more than Toronto. And the big thing about Kapanen is that his best tool, his speed, is legitimately top-5 in the league. He has elite top-end speed, and can absolutely stop on a dime. It's easier to coach someone to make better decisions than to coach them to be faster
It's almost like there's more to the game than just points. If you were drafting a team tomorrow to play just the 2019-20 season, who do you pick first? If Kucherov is in your top 5 even, you're wrong.
His contract is built like there's a handshake deal in it, since the real money cost after July 1st this year is so low. Turns out that was just wishful thinking
You probably could own me on the court, I've had multiple surgeries on my shooting wrist and forearm and haven't played consistently in almost 5 years. As for whether or not I'm a fan, would you like me to send you my ticket stub from a game at the SkyDome? A picture of the Raptors flag that I've owned for...I don't even know how long, but it's the original logo. I just don't understand how someone can go "lol carbon tax" without actually understanding what that entails.
He's just a sideshow, especially his twitter (@NHLByMatty), his hot takes are absolutely insane and he gets ratio'd more than anyone I've ever seen.
His signing bonus is split this year, he doesn't get the full amount July 1st.
And the borderline-dirty-but-actually-clean hit on Marleau? Should the Leafs have all dropped the gloves and started a line brawl there? [Let's look at the play you're talking about](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBla7x1KhWo) What other Leafs are supposed to do anything? Kadri drills Wingels roughly 1.8 seconds after the initial hit on Marner. Marleau is busy getting cross-checked in front, and the two defensemen need to get back because the Bruins are breaking out of the zone.
I'm willing to bet neither of these guys play a meaningful second for us next year
Lol no there isn't. He'd be the highest paid winger in history based on one good season.
&gt; "highest paid in history" happens almost every single off-season , if you pay attention at all. Nope, the highest paid winger in history has been Patrick Kane for about 5 years. And yes, I'm serious about that. Goalscorers get paid, centres get paid.
Marner played with John Tavares, Auston Matthews had a mishmash of mediocre-to-decent linemates this year. Also 5v5 scoring is far more consistent and predictable than PP scoring, or of course EN goals. As for Arvidsson, yes he is 2nd in 5v5 Goals/60 over that time, but he's also a winger, averages .48 primary assists/60 (to Auston's .71), doesn't drive play, and frankly he's severely underpaid and that's a great contract.
Matthews absolutely deserves more than Marner. If Matthews is 9.5, Marner's 8.
But that was agreed upon by both parties, correct? The topic at hand is the Lakers effectively blackmailing the Pelicans
Centres that score goals get paid a lot. Playmaking wingers do not.
Which is such a lazy solution.
I'm not. I trust Dubas and Pridham
Can you cross post this to r/hockey?
I always love umpires in this situation. "Looks like a spec of dirt on the plate, better clean it off...did I get it? Hmm, better wait another 30 seconds to make sure it's clean."
Well thank you! I hope enough people read it to make it worthwhile
That would say protected, not conditional. Edit: And I'm wrong. Yikes.
Psst...Im the op
Dray
Your posting history is fascinating. Did you create a 2nd account just to pretend to be a Leafs fan or are you insane all the time?
&gt;But it does. Who's to say that ball wasn't going over the top or cross-post to be headed in? The box is the box. If a player blasts one from 10' outside the box and it catches a defender's arm 6" outside the box, it's not a PK, but a cross going nowhere hits an arm 6" inside the box, and it's a PK. My point isn't whether or not it's going to be a goal, my point is that while fouls are fouls, handballs can be pretty well divided between intentional and unintentional.
Nope, because fouls always have some sort of intent to make a play, handballs do not
Holy shit is everyone an idiot now? If you guys were GMs every team would just run 12 wingers because hell, all forwards are the same and positions don't matter. Alright that may be a little harsh, but my goodness. Are you people willing to argue Kucherov should make as much as McDavid if both were UFAs?
No, go back and read literally any thread on any forum when the deal was signed, we all knew the third year was an issue
Durant signing only happened because the Cap went up 30M in one season
&gt;Avs could fit Rantanen at 10.5, Marner at 10.5, and Gardiner at 7 with room to spare. Lol sure, because at that point you would have 8 F, 7 D, and 1 G signed with less than 5 mil to fill the rest of your roster. Give your head a shake.
Because trading RFA rights doesn't do anything if his demands are insane, and you can't trade for a year after an offer sheet is signed. Also who are we gutting? We can fit him right now with Marleau gone
I don't know about that, Tampa is at $65M right now and that's with only 8 forwards signed. If they have to match Point at 10.5, they absolutely have to move other pieces (granted they'll have to get really creative next year either way, since Vasy and Sergachev are both RFAs, not to mention Cirelli).
Never said everything the Leafs do is perfect, shit I never even defended the Matthews contract. 1) Marner using Matthews as a comparable is moronic 2) Giving up a 1st to shed the Marleau contract makes perfect sense, and it's Lou's fault (same with Zaitsev)
I didn't do any work, it's all capfriendly
How is the title clickbait at all? You want me to list 13 teams in the title and keep it readable?
&gt; Tell them an offer sheet is coming and only once a deal with marner is agreed will they put the trade through. Can't do that.
And your memory concerns me
Oh okay, well to be fair there are a number of unlisted teams that don't have the cap space to offer, either.
Player is an RFA, so the team he is with has the option to match any contract he is offered. Team B offers the player 8M per year for 4 years. Player agrees and signs the deal (a step often forgotten by many). Team A can either match, and sign the player to that exact contract (including NMCs, etc), or they can decline and take compensation (which is based on the AAV, although if the contact is 6 or 7 years they divide the total amount by 5 years).
Why would they lose a trade so another team benefits?
And it'll be even further back if they get Marner, plus another year later. Teams don't just lose trades on purpose
The parameters of the bet make is so hilariously unlikely that I lose money, but hey keep believing that
It's amazing how people go insane at the idea that the Leafs are Cup contenders, but I get it considering the whole "never winning a series" thing
I'll be sure to send you pictures as proof next time. And yes, I went to find the bet, since you have the memory of a kumquat I wanted to save the comment.
The Bucks were a single possession from going up 3-0...but they didn't.
Let me guess, you didn't watch the games?
The issue is we got an absolute shit draw. We need to finish top 2 among the team from FIBA Americas, and obviously the US is a mortal lock for #1. Our pool is Australia, Lithuania, and Senegal, which is the Group of Death (top 2 advance). If we manage to make top 2, we'll be joined by (likely) France and either Germany or the Dominican Republic. Two of the teams we're competing with (Puerto Rico and especially Venezuela) got relative cakewalks. PR drew Spain, Iran, and Tunisia, and assuming they finish top 2 (I'll be STUNNED if they lose to Iran or Tunisia) they likely join Serbia and Italy in the next round. Venezuela lucked out huge and got drawn with China (hosts) as their "top seed" along with Ivory Coast and Poland. We would 3-0 that group without breaking a sweat, and Venezuela is basically guaranteed a top-16. They'll be joined by (likely) Argentina and Russia in the next round, so they have a solid chance at a top-8 finish. The really shitty thing is that it'll likely come down to tie-breakers, so while we might finish in the same round as Venezuela, they'll have three blowout wins from the first round and we'll be scraping by.
Steve Dangle Podcast and 31 Thoughts
That's probably going to be their special "for the kids" game
I'm saying Vegas odds don't translate to "most likely to win," and if anything those odds already reflect the fact that Colorado has a ton of space and is likely to land someone like Panarin
2021 doesn't matter, the extra year provision is only for multiple picks at the same level.
It's his own podcast
Plenty of people have lengthy arguments on reddit, only sociopaths stalk for months
Is there an endpoint? Could Nylander have received an offer sheet in November?
And you have clearly never seen an adrenaline dump before
The Kovalchuk deal was way more egregious than the Luongo one. The added years on Luu's dropped it from an ~8 AAV to a 5.33, the added years for Kovy took it from ~12.5 to 6.66. $10M total over the final 5 years, less than he would make per year in years 3 through 8.
And I don't understand how a contract that was insanely worse (literally knocked the AAV down from 12.5 to 6.66) is only worth 250k a year.
If Nashville had held on to Weber for his entire career and then he retired with 1 year left, what would their penalty have been? Like $40M?
The Weber one is so much worse because it was an offer sheet. Philadelphia broke the rules (in theory), Nashville had to match or lose their player, and then down the road they get fucked
Exactly. Like if some team offer sheeted Point, Marner, Rantanen, or whoever at $13M over 3 years...you're taking the picks.
&gt;Unless the contract she signed when she was hired highlighted 60 hours. Only if that contract is approved by the Director of Employment Standards (which I'm sure this one wasn't), and they pay the appropriate overtime.
She doesn't live in Muskoka, this was because Porter started a new flight from Toronto to Muskoka
Limited times but yeah, north on Friday and south on Monday I believe
I say this with all seriousness - get help. Talk to someone, call the suicide hotline, do whatever you need to do. It gets better, you will get through this.
&gt; If you can find a trend that shows 5v5 GOALS for is the statistic that leads to highest pay show the correlation. I never said that, but here are the top 10 in 5v5 Goals/60 from 2011 through 2014: Stamkos, Pacioretty, Toews, Malkin, Benn, Nash, Neal, Seguin, Perry, Steen (11-15 are Kessel, Palmieri, Kunitz, Ryah, Gaborik). How about you tell me how much those guys got paid? Spoilers: A lot Also you're comparing "hardware" between a guy going into his 4th season and players like Kane, Kopitar, etc. who have played for a decade or longer. The fact that a guy would get paid because he was on a great *team* and won a Cup over a guy that has better metrics and stats is why so many NHL teams get themselves into serious cap trouble.
&gt; With that said, if someone called and made it quite clear that they are using or will be using the service to transmit child porn, then there is a duty to report that the company could be held criminally liable under various state and federal laws that fall under "mandatory reporting laws"; it is important to note that not all states have laws where "anyone" who knows has a duty to report So if Reddit admins are made aware of violent threats being made (repeatedly, over the years) and that those in control are not only not doing anything about it but being intentionally apathetic (the_d removed the ability to report via CSS, prevent anyone who is not subscribed from reporting, and don't touch the mod queue when anything is reported), if any of those threats are acted on, how would they not be liable? &gt;If reddit didn't remove it, could they be found criminally liable? No. That's the point. And removing it means they are moderating content. What this does is mean that if they don't remove something, they are endorsing it. That behavior makes them a publisher and not a service provider. Section 230 disagrees with you on that. Also the Post Office already bans you from sending numerous types of items through the mail, so...now what? &gt;Reddit wants to police their content as a publisher while enjoying the protections as a provider. Because that's *literally the only reason they, or any other major social media platform, could exist*. You're trying to kill an ant with a sledgehammer here. Also Reddit as a site does not police content, unless laws are being broken (which they were) and they have no choice. Moderators police subreddits, which is obviously completely different (similar to punishing an ISP because I use content blockers on my kid's computer).
Why did you ignore my point that as of right now, 230 does protect them?
Ottawa.
How does YouTube function in that case?
&gt; So is carlos maza issuing targetted harassment when he tells people to "milkshake" his political opponents? Where is his ban? Twitter, not YouTube. Also yeah, his post should be removed from Twitter. &gt;No, you made the claim that T_D was violent without providing examples. "recent behaviors including threats against the police and public figures is content that is prohibited by our violence policy." Direct quote from Reddit CEO. Are you calling him a liar? The_Donald is impossible to view without subscribing, and I'm sure they've scrubbed it all clean by now (that happens every time another sub points out comments calling for violence, lynching, and other reprehensible shit - they always mysteriously vanish after they're brought up elsewhere). But [here is a link that outlines at least a few of the comments that lead to the quarantine](https://www.mediamatters.org/research/2019/06/24/A-pro-Trump-subreddit-is-full-of-calls-for-violence-in-support-of-Oregon-Republicans/224018) &gt;And yes, t_d is the best sub on reddit. Are you planning on reporting me for wrongthink? I don't see the point of this line of questioning. Can you go an entire post without making an incredibly condescending comment that makes an assumption about me and who I am? I don't care about the donald, but holy hell the persecution and victim complexes the users on that sub have is mind-boggling. "FREE SPEECH FOREVER" followed by "We actually ban everyone who doesn't 100% agree with us" followed by "WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE CAN'T CONSTANTLY ABUSE VOTE BOTS AND CHANGE OUR STICKIES EVERY HOUR TO DOMINATE R/ALL THIS IS CENSORSHIP" is phenomenal mental gymnastics.
Sweet, free 5-pack as well (I have Gwynn, Pudge, Ryan, and Kershaw already, so this is my 5th locked signature series player)
:(
I know a 2024 late pick was traded recently, but I'm not sure what the limit is
No, they revoked his ads because he WAS breaking a rule, they have one against hate speech https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/5/18654196/steven-crowder-demonetized-carlos-maza-youtube-homophobic-language-ads Besides, aren't you arguing for a third group that would allow exactly what is currently happening, only with government oversight? What happened to small government?
No, it's the first four 1sts that you have at the time of the offer sheet, and you can skip one year only if you already don't have it
Still extra picks to trade and cap space to add a defenseman.
10.5/5 is more than a 500k overpay for Marner, it's closer to 1M
Pretty sure Pittsburgh won a Cup that way
2 1sts, a 2nd, a 3rd, plus the young players we already have, plus the ability to take on some salary. We got Muzzin for waaaaaay less than that last year.
Wasn't he listed at 245 or 250 for the longest time?
Who has been squeezed out? Also if anything, the 35+ contract restrictions are going to end up killing guys who are of that age and want contracts of any length (even 3 years is going to be too long going forward). Realistically, if you're paying your 4th liners anything more than league minimum (or ELCs), you've screwed up somewhere. If your 5th/6th/7th D are making more than $4M combined, you're screwed up somewhere. I think most people and GMs understand this. The issue is the value of, for example, a 3rd line winger. I would argue anything over $2M (or I guess 2.5-3% of the cap) is too much.
I'm not comparing them in that way, I'm saying a soft cap leads to a lot of ridiculous situations (like 28 out of 30 teams being over the cap, with the 29th team being under by 200k).
[Maybe read the actual story behind it before calling him a moron](https://aubreyhuff.com/my-introduction-to-adderall/) He was an alcoholic who became addicted to Adderall as a way to combat the alcoholism. Addiction is not something to be mocked, and not something to call someone a "moron" over.
Well for Boston, they have three guys (Bergeron, Marchand, Pastrnak) making 6.X that are all tremendous value deals. Beyond that, only Krug (5.25 for their top D, another great value), Coyle (3.2, acquired by trade), Chara (5M, one-year deal), and Krejci (7.25, a contract that was looking pretty bad until this year) are the only guys who fit in that category. The reason they have so many 4-7M contracts is because they signed their stars before everything went nuts. St. Louis is in a similar boat, with Pietrangelo, Parayko, Tarasenko, and O'Reilly all giving them great value for their cost. You're conflating "Don't sign mediocre guys to $5M x 5 years" with "Don't sign guys worth $9M to $7M contracts."
For the 3rd time, you're comparing RFA contracts of different eras. None of those guys came close to Eichel's deal, either. And you're insane if you think 9.6 x 5 is a deal that would be fair, all things considered.
I'd rather have Matthews on his contract that Eichel on his, I can tell you that right now. Also you're comparing how Drai's contract turned out, but was he worth it when it was signed? Helllllll no.
I mean they still have another 60 hours or so, so I don't feel the same way. If these deals came down on Sunday night, I'd be a lot more concerned.
So $12.2M in space, and you can say "18 players signed" but Bracco, Rosen, and one of Liljegren/Sandin gets us to 21 with $9.745M left. Also you can go 10% over the cap in the summer, so the Leafs can go up to ~89.6 without dipping into LTIR, so even if Mitch does sign for $10M then they have until the end of the summer to figure that out and don't have to use LTIR
Not the same way. Auston only gets taxed 15% on his bonus
Vary by a factor of 2?
&gt; Yeah ok so in your head a guy who puts up 40 goals and 20 assists is more valuable than a guy who scores 10 and puts up 80 assists. Depending on the situations...yes, absolutely. Do you understand what "noise" means in a statistical sense? Or how one of those stats is far more of an individual stat than a team one? Would you rather have Jeff Skinner (40 G, 23 A) or David Krejci (20 G, 53 A)? &gt;All you did was cherrypick his 3 seasons where he played over 70 games. What about the other 5 when he was hurt for most the year. He played 70+ 4 times, and 45 in a year where there was a lockout (which I'm assuming happened before you became a hockey fan). I also mentioned his major shoulder surgery and major knee surgery, two things he never had. &gt;He scored 35 or more twice on the island so he doesn’t have a history of putting up 35+ goals a year with shitty line mates. [Wait....what](https://i.giphy.com/media/3o6YglDndxKdCNw7q8/giphy.webp)
Check your math again, kiddo. I said 3 in a row, not 3 total. And GMHL isn't really Junior A, neither is WPHA or any other rebel league. And you've still got the wrong season you absolutely moron.
&gt;So why are jews still a thing? What about Muslims? Jews don't believe in the NT and Muslims believe it is corrupted by man. I see a lot of confusion. And that doesn't even include different types of Christian's. These are questions to ask a Theologian, but the way I see it the confusion is man-made because we have free will
https://answeringsceptics.wordpress.com/2013/10/21/answering-leviticus-25-44-46-the-bible-condones-slavery/ That site has a very detailed answer, but the short of it is that "voluntary" slavery was common back then, and also context matters. Verses 39 and 40 say that if a fellow Israelite becomes poor and sells themselves to you, do not treat them as a slave but rather as a worker. In those times, people voluntarily became slaves when they were too impoverished or indebted, it was not slavery as seen in modern times. Does that make any sense?
I'm thinking Ceci gets flipped, his contract is way easier to move.
Total buyouts cap hit of $4.13M this year, $3.83M next year, then $1.5 the next two. Is that the most dead cap for any team? I don't know if any others have large trade retentions or anything. Edit: Totally forgot about Carolina, who of course has $8.58M in buyouts this year as well as $2.33M next year from Marleau and Semin, although I feel like the Marleau part shouldn't really count because they got a 1st for their troubles.
Yes you're right, signing an elite centre hurt our centre depth
~~So your worst game was worse than their average game.~~ The initial post said 13-2 was the worst score, then he edited it to say 23-2.
When you're talking junior hockey, there is. There's a *world* of difference between Junior A hockey and CPJHL "Junior A" hockey.
I'm still trying to piece everything together, and the news outlets seem to contradict each other. So it was 9 total that were killed. Kobe, Gigi, John Altobelli, his wife, one or two of his daughters (?), the pilot, have they named anyone else?
I always thought Michael was 6'6" and Vince was 6'5", but I may be wrong.
Well in this case, it's a lane violation.
AIDS is my go-to response to any of those idiots saying "oh they're just calling it COVID for anything" without realizing how CODs work. AIDS rarely kills anyone directly, I actually don't know if it's possible for AIDS to be the solo COD. Does that mean nobody has ever died from AIDS?
&gt;The Left doesn't think it works and is dangerous anyways so what do they care if the US sends a bunch of medicine they don't think works and is dangerous to a country that believes it does? &gt; &gt; &gt;Who gives a shit? Really? It doesn't work to prevent COVID, but it absolutely works for things like Lupus. Edit: Sorry, finished my post too soon. There's already a shortage of the drug, so should he be sending it to another country while Americans who need it are struggling?
Except the onus is on you to provide an iota of proof. Also nobody is asking you to prove a negative. You're claiming the woman being interviewed is faking and that the video may be a fabrication. Do you have anything to back that up?
&gt;The proof is evident in the videos they showed us. As for access to Floyd, that might take some doing. &gt; &gt;The woman in the video is clearly acting, as are his supposed family. Science can back that up, and so can interrogations. So show me the proof? You're inferring that all the eyewitnesses lied, that the video is fake, and that either he was already dead or he's still alive?
He was a rapper, not an actor, and you really believe he's still alive? Buddy, there's being a cynic and questioning things, but this isn't that.
He's dead, that's not a narrative.
&gt;no.... the "unrest" has nothing to do with Floyd. it's a deliberate effort to hard the national economy. Mr. Floyd was just a conventient excuse. Bullshit. And maybe he could've used the same language he did when people armed themselves to the teeth and protested at government buildings a couple weeks ago
I was there live, and I remember the moment vividly. I could see Dean slide under the bottom rope ever so slightly, and I actually thought they were gonna do a Dusty Finish and reverse it on Raw. On TV it didn't look too awkward, but being opposite of hard cam I could tell Dean was making sure he was close enough to the ropes. Anyways, that match had no business being as good as it was, and the false finishes were terrific.
I came here to see if more of your fanbase felt the same way. I know if I was a Suns or Wizards fan, I'd be totally okay with just playing it safe, especially considering all the circumstances.
Why would you make your star players show up for games that are totally meaningless, disrupt their personal lives, and have a higher risk of injury?
8 meaningless games won't do that
What the hell have the Celtics done? You have as many titles as we do in the past 30 years. Remember when your team was gonna win 70 games? How'd that turn out?
&gt;&gt;Your team didn't do shit last year &gt; &gt;This isn't last year? It's cute that you say this considering 99% of your argument relies on the Raptors from 2+ years ago.
It's spread by droplets, so in places with limited airflow they can hang in the air a lot longer than they would outside. Also as the other user mentioned, not washing your hands. I sneeze/cough into my hand, hand something to you a couple minutes later, then you scratch your nose and tada COVID.
They're not, but you are getting $100/month provided you applied
Well no, the federal definition of disability and the qualifications for the DTC are not the same...I don't believe
True
Oh Ontario needs to be better, but I'm 99% sure BC has an annual cutoff rather than monthly, and it's something like $14,000 for a couple. So, one person collecting CERB for 3 months would already be 45% of what they can make in a year...although I suppose basically any couple where one person works wouldn't qualify.
I mean it's a 3-second clip. Was it dumb and ignorant? Yes. Does that automatically make him racist? No. When it comes to something like racist language, intent matters, and so does growth. Hopefully AJ is better now than he was then - and hopefully it was ignorance, not hate, that lead him to say what he said.
It's also not fair to judge someone on a 3-second clip with no context
What do you mean by a 5 minute window?
I've heard so many versions of this that I don't know the truth. I've heard it was the right house, the wrong house, the wrong person, and that the right person was already in custody. What's the truth?
They're not, are they?
Do you have a source for that? It seems like there's something missing to that story
So you were taking home over $8k a month before this? How much did you have in savings? And if I can ask, what did you do? Only 1% of people making over $100k lost their jobs due to COVID
It's a tough spot they've been put in - both the officers and the people. The fact is the right to protest supersedes the COVID restrictions so they can't really do anything, but at the same time they need to enforce the rules where they can. It sucks
I'm in that boat. I didn't really understand white privilege before this, or why "All Lives Matter" was so dismissive and racist. Like I understood profiling, police brutality, systemic racism, and all of that existed, but I didn't fully grasp my role in all of it and what the aforementioned phrases really meant. Between this and the mandatory Indigenous studies workshop I had to take through my job, it's been a lot for me to process over the past few months - but I'm definitely a better person for it.
That's the big issue for me, how do you fully trust the numbers now?
The CRA is federal, and the federal definition of disability is different from the provincial one.
Uhhh CERB was only for people who had to stop working due to COVID, so of course you had to apply for it. Disability has nothing to do with that.
That wasn't Bowen he crossed up, at least not when he dunked on the Admiral
Yeah I went through those, but then I check the prices and a lot of them are dirt cheap anyways. I might just do the 3 month deal since it's basically the same price as Spiderman, and then see how I like it.
I completely misread what side of the argument you're on
I mean you still had the GOAT shooter, Draymond, Klay (for a while), and it's not like Iggy and Livingston aren't great players. Also maybe it's just my fandom, but I find it unfair that nobody mentions Kawhi's kned/thigh or Lowry's thumb (which he had surgery on right after the Finals). Yes, neither injury caused them to miss games, but they were both hampered by them. Also yeah, the Raptors probably don't beat a fully healthy Warriors...but no shit. A 73-win team adds the MVP and then Cousins (again, assuming fully healthy)...they aren't losing a 7-game series to any team in history, if they're healthy. A Warriors team without KD and Boogie still swept the Blazers, so it's not like a lineup of Steph-Klay-Iggy-Dray-Looney was garbage.
Because people keep discrediting the championship. Like I said elsewhere, there seems to be this thiught that the Warriors had a G-League lineup and the Raptors were fully healthy, or that the Klay injury swung the series. Just tired of it
I owe $500 on my income taxes, if I wait for the September deadline will there be any interest penalties?
It's like doing magic tricks - you can get away with a lot as long as you control where the audience is looking.
Can you imagine hitting a double-clutch 3 with five seconds left to tie the NCAA championship game, and then be forgotten just moments later?
I'm sorry that happened to you, but I'm not sure what it means as far as this discussion
That's what I'm asking, how would you handle those if you removed the shelter component?
It feels a little blue ballsy to have all this information without a price point.
Price absolutely makes a difference, I'm a lot more willing to buy it at $450-500 than $700+
Hahaha yeah, I love that game but we'll see how it goes if we play together. And LBP might be a good choice too, I'll get her to give it a shot
Also didn't the ESPN deal make it way tougher for Americans to order the PPV?
There's literally a video of Masai watching the final moments in a hallway, hugging a guy, and then heading to the court - and in that video you can see his credentials clearly in his hand
Right now, cases in Florida are surging, nearly 2000 new cases per day. By the time November/December rolls around, there may be places that are far safer. Also the NBA should be hiring their own staff that will isolate on site as well. Offer people $X plus room, board, and free tickets to any games when they're not working. Provided these people also isolate for 2 weeks, test negative, and then do not leave the bubble, that's a lot safer than the current setup.
How many businesses do you know where you're in constant sweaty body contact with people? Pro sports, porn, and...?
I assumed the NBA would hire a bunch of people, give them $X plus room and board, and those staff would isolate as well. There are millions of people who recently lost their jobs and would jump at something like this.
Because there's a risk involved. It is unlikely to transfer COVID through objects, not impossible. And how will there be no contact? None of them will pass a player in a hallway or on the stairs? Will they have player-only elevators? Will staff be leaving food outside their door?
&gt; &gt;&gt;Scorekeepers &gt; &gt;Will there even be score keepers there? That seems like something that can be done from anywhere. Of course there will be, how will you control the clock from anywhere else? Also they are in constant contact with the refs. &gt; &gt;&gt;When Gobert tested positive, you could connect him to every team in the league by going back 10 days. I can't imagine how fast it could spread jn this scenario. &gt; &gt;And only Mitchell and a few other players got it. And we don't know when he got it. He may have been one of those who showed symptoms quickly, so he could have only had the virus for a day or two.
Are you intentionally only reading part of my posts? Or do you have selective blindness? How does the cleaning/maintenance staff get from one room to another? Or from one floor to another? Are players going to be barred from leaving their rooms except to play and practice? If that's the case, it's NBA owners looking to save money, regardless of what happens to the players. They could hire enough staff to run the entire bubble (including giving room/board to the staff and having them isolate as well) for less than $100k per team, easily.
You still seem to believe someone is going to be able to know if the ball grazed the rim or not for hundreds of feet away. And as long as guys have bonuses and payouts tied to stats, they will remain important - whether or not you think so.
And if the refs aren't made to isolate, would you agree that's a real concern? And I find it fascinating that you have no issue with untested, umonitored staff being around (all it takes is one careless person sneezing in LeBron's room to potentially alter the entire playoffs) but think the players cannot be trusted to make good decisions when their season depends on it.
A monitor of the rim? Seriously, what argument are you even trying to make? If refs are isolating, why not a team of scorekeepers and stat-keepers?
Ah, you think you don't even need refs on the court, gotcha. I wish you had said that at first, I could've comfortably ignored everything else you wrote
What? It wasn't to prepare hospitals, it was to prevent them from being overrun. It seems like Trump and some state leaders thing flattening the curve and delaying the curve are the same - and they're wrong. A massive spike now is just as dangerous as a massive spike in March.
I don't think you understood my comment. Have they outwardly and specifically said to her they're clawing it back? Or are you just reacting to the note on the bottom of the statement? Because if it's the latter, that was sent out to everyone and it can be ignored.
Was it a specific letter addressed to your mom or was it just a sentence on the bottom of her statement? Either way, she should call her caseworker.
Match quality absolutely matters to the majority of fans. There's a reason people post NAO promos and entrances, not matches.
WWF/E has relied on the pops for entrances and finishers for too long, imo. Also there's a reason NAO fizzled out as fast and hard as they did
Also since you seem to think that anyone who has a differing opinion must be a nerd living in their mom's basement, I'm sitting in my living room killing time waiting for my wife. We disagree, that's fine, your thoughts are valid - try and make arguments without resorting to personal attacks in the future. It'll make your points seem more cogent and you won't look like an angry teenager.
I asked for a big pop, and those were pretty standard "we're cheering for the babyfaces" pops
Well no, it's because that type of thing isn't allowed on network/cable television anymore.
That could've been so much worse
Wow, thank you
Would you avoid hiring anyone who engages is premarital sex?
It's also a pretty obvious legal issue. There's nothing in a player's contract about isolating from their family/friends for 2 months, and no reason to believe that would ever be a possibility. Also can you imagine if a player skipped out because their child or spouse is sick or immunocompromised, and then the league sued? The optics would be atrocious.
There's no way that loophole would work in Ontario, at least I'd hope not. Isn't it far more logical to believe the New York plates are dual citizens or people who live in one country and work in the other?
He's pointing out that this post isn't even about a conspiracy, and it's only getting upvoted because this sub has lost what it was initially about
The blood test isn't as reliable. I mean it's better than nothing, but realistically neither company should be running right now
Let me guess, you're going to say Politifact (which has links to back up what it says) is bullshit, but the unsubstantiated tweet thread is proof? [Here's the link, you can follow their sources] (https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/jun/12/facebook-posts/social-media-posts-smear-buffalo-protester-shoved-/#sources)
So even though the chief public health officer of Canada says it's true, it doesn't happen to you so it must be false? Ok
Those shields are not cheap
https://www.guelphmercury.com/news-story/10021204-order-on-mandatory-masks-updated-by-wellington-dufferin-guelph-public-health-to-provide-specifics/ Scroll to the bottom
Wow, I had no idea, I had looked back in March and didn't see those. My mistake.
I guess my only point would be what's the difference between an unenforceable mandate and a recommendation?
You're missing my point. I'm talking hypothetically, you're acting like I'm saying this is going on right now. South Korea had massive widespread testing, and it significantly reduced the spread there. Testing, forced isolation, contract tracing. [Read here](https://www.sciencemag.org/news/2020/03/coronavirus-cases-have-dropped-sharply-south-korea-whats-secret-its-success) And the penalties? Fines, jail time, whatever. Yes, masks work, but they require people to use them properly, not everyone can wear them, and they have about a 3% fail rate. Widespread, frequent testing means people know they're positive immediately, and isolate to prevent spread. Do you think that everyone wearing a mask would completely wipe out COVID?
Your posting history is fascinating
What I don't understand is I thought contracts only started when a player hit the majors? What's the difference between signing a 2021 contract and signing for 2020 but not debuting until next year?
Read the post above mine, he's talking about how POC are often called much worse. I'm pointing out that any direct insult, especially a slur, would get someone booted.
Is bodily injury the same as deadly force? If the claim was that tasers could kill, wouldn't the charge be attempted murder?
You're demanding evidence that the accusation against Enzo was false, and then dismissing the only plausible evidence when it's shown to you.
I completely missed the word "Not" in the title and was so confused by this thread
Who am I accusing of a crime?
Repeatedly sending someone pics without a response (and this sounds like it went on for months or years), especially in a situation like that, sounds like harassment to me.
Your thread literally complains about people asking for proof. Saying you believe both sides is meaningless and impossible. Do you believe Riddle should be reprimanded?
So you think someone that has sex with a guy she knows deserves to be lied to and harassed? And why do we need a term for a person that has casual sex?
Those numbers won't be accurate, since a case like Enzo's isn't considered a conviction but it also isn't considered a false accusation - we'll never know the truth.
Except even in her story of the events, he wasn't pushy, forceful, or anything. He was just awkward, and they had awkward sex.
Without using Photoshop, how do you fake a text in messenger? And even then, how is the wife's text proof of anything?
So you're just slut shaming, and anyone who has sex with an acquaintance deserves to be harassed for months. Got it. Take care
[Sorry, you're wrong. Arrogant and douchey, but still wrong](https://www.harassmentlawyer.co.uk/being-harassed-by-text-here-s-what-to-do)
People who are arrested will be suspended, not just accused
Not responding to repeated texts over months and years would count, and you're just moving goalposts at this point. Why do you keep assuming she never told him no? And why do you believe that having sex with someone means they're free to harass you forever?
Not everyone has a shitton of money, popularity, and a good lawyer. Also generally the false accusations that go nowhere are the easily disproven ones, and they don't do much harm
The OP screwed up, read the actual tweet. Hyatt isn't talking about herself getting almost raped, she said she saw it happen to an indie valet.
Oh yeah absolutely. If some guy's wife is 8 months pregnant and he doesn't want to leave her alone for 2 months, who are we to say anything?
One exception, imo, is storylines like when Pillman and Goldust fought in a "Winner gets Marlena" match. When we get into the area of women being treated like literal objects to be won and lost, that's a line they probably should never cross again.
I mean if we're going to complain about played-out tropes and archetypes, we could be here all day - and that's not gender specific. The Lana stuff...yeah, it's garbage.
I'm forever convinced the best smarmy/douchebag heels are genuinely good guys in real life
They were creepy and predatory, I said that.
If there was an easy, non-invasive way to remove the appendix of every newborn, would you support that? The appendix is functionally useless but can cause damage in the future.
Can nipples burst and kill you? Also there's no concrete evidence that the appendix does anything that actually matters. How about this, let's say your baby is born with a mole. The doctor says "It's probably nothing, but there's a 1/10,000 chance it eventually develops into a serious problem. We can easily remove it, if you'd like, and that removes the risk." Do you do it?
If the likelihood of those complications is greater than the likelihood of complications caused by a circumcision, then the argument is valid.
I'm completely making up numbers here, but if it was 1/500,000 of them bleeding to death, but circumcision decreased their chances of getting penile cancer or an STI by 1%, would you do it?
I watched the clip, and the recovery is impressive...but man, there's 2-3 seconds where everyone completely freezes and Bourn looks like he wants to crawl into a hole.
They're also flying in and out of Flordia frequently, and they're going home to their families and regular lives. With MLB/NBA/NHL, the players will be living in the bubbles and will have no contact with people outside the bubble. Yeah, COVID might not kill a healthy person (it can still cause long-lasting damage to the lungs, kidneys, liver, etc) but what about the people that the healthy person spreads it to?
To be fair, their worst goalie that year was Michel Dion (2-19-4, 5.34 GAA, .852 SV%, -19.71 GSAA) played less games that year than the year before. The guy they called up was Vincent Tremblay, who only played 4 games. The crazy thing to me is they played 48 skaters, and all of them played at least three games. They had 42 that played at least eight games. The equally terrible Devils had 37 skaters play that season, and only 29 that played eight or more games. 48 skaters is two entire rosters. That's ridiculous.
I fixed a typo, so it should be easier to read now. I assume that's why you didn't respond earlier, I'm sure it has nothing to do with your lack of sources.
LBP3 is coop? Awesome
Oh no, another potential franchise player, the horror
Are you sure the nice ones weren't just Canadians?
I cannot imagine a scenario where a team would tank the play-in games. The main reason is that players get paid out for each series they play, and none of those players are going to flush money down the toilet. On top of that, if any team even attempts to tank and anyone gets wind of it, that's taking money out of players' pockets and the union will be up their ass in a heartbeat.
**PLAY-IN LOSERS ARE NOT PLAYOFF TEAMS** If Montreal gets the #1 pick, are we really going to say "oh that's bullshit, they were a playoff team" when they were 10 points out with 10 games left? Their playoff % was down to 0.1% on hockey-reference. The issue isn't that play-in teams can win the lottery, the issue is that 24 teams advanced to this stage. 20 would've been the best number (teams seeded 1-3 and 4-6 play round robin for seeding, then you have 7v10 and 8v9 as your play-ins) but the Rangers/Panthers being in a virtual tie ruined that. What they should have done is what the NBA did. Invite 24 teams, and have everyone play a handful of regular season games to get the seeding figured out. Also you cannot say that Detroit didn't tank with a straight face, come on.
No team is going to put less effort into winning because they have a 1/8 chance at Laf.
The playin
Well if that's the point you're going to make, then their fans don't get to cry about struggling for a little while longer. They made the playoffs 25 straight years, eventually the pendulum swings the other way. Although I would argue that it isn't the playoff streak that's their problem, it was holding on for two more seasons after the streak was done and signing really terrible contracts that are now killing them.
Rebuilding is not the same as tanking, and those contracts would be abominations on any team
And they stopped that because it heavily rewarded tanking. Instead of the #1 team having a 20-25% chance, they had a 60-70% chance and a guarantee they would fall no lower than 2nd.
So we're going to ignore all the offseason moves, all the guys they passed on in waivers (including goalies), and everything in previous seasons that lead up to this point? You can't use "oh well they didn't make any tanking moves in-season" when preseason projections had them as historically bad. So one of two things happened. 1) They intentionally built a bad roster, gambled on the lottery, and lost. 2) They tried to be semi-competitive and were horribly incompetent, which shouldn't be rewarded. This is why the lottery was brought in. Why should a team that is dead last be rewarded but a team that consistently just misses the playoffs is not?
The Wings made 6 (maybe 7?) trades over three seasons where they gave up an NHL player and did not get one in return. How is that different? Because it took place over a longer period of time? And again I must ask why reward incompetent management? If it's not tanking, what other explanation is there?
Is the title from WON or is it yours? Nothing in the article says anything about blowback on her
Being outside without a mask is fine, provided you put one on once you're inside a store/business/whatever.
So then option 2, incompetence. Why should that be rewarded?
It would help differentiate between bad, unlucky, and tanking, and it would still be some sort of lottery. Let's say they remove the lottery, and next year any borderline contender has a bunch of injuries and are way out of the playoffs by February. They wouldn't actually be a bad team, just unlucky, and they'd have every incentive to aim for as close to the bottom as possible.
Those Raptors and the Mavs team that won the title do not get enough credit for their defensive schemes.
I had the sams situation with my dog, he was given 6 months and ended up living another 18. I cannot imagine going to sleep one night thinking he's okay and then having him gone like that.
Never mind that your argument is dispelled by basic common sense, [there are sources as well](https://www.wsj.com/articles/what-we-know-about-face-shields-and-coronavirus-11592321931). Droplets are not magic, they cannot pass through a solid substance, and they must obey the laws of gravity
[Some experts say face shields may be better than cloth masks](https://feeds.aarp.org/health/healthy-living/info-2020/shields-compared-to-masks.html?_amp=true) [CDC lab testing says face shields may be a better option](https://www.medicinenet.com/script/main/art.asp?articlekey=230978#) Also they don't cause any issues for people with breathing problems (or glasses), it's not in constant contact with your face so they don't need to be cleaned as often, and they're almost impossible to wear improperly.
&gt;“For people with very mild asthma or well-controlled asthma, it’s probably not going to be an issue,” said Dr. David Stukus, member of the Medical Scientific Council for the Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America (AAFA). “For people who have very severe disease and have frequent exacerbations, ER visits, hospitalizations, require lots of medications and frequent symptoms, it might cause more issues for those folks.” I guess he doesn't know either, eh?
It's something that sounds wrong at first but makes sense. We don't expel a ton of liquid out of our nose when we sneeze, but we do have a "spit" reflex with the ah-choo.
...you don't seem to know what the words "false sense of security" mean. Would you prefer if we said "False sense of immunity" so you could stop arguing over semantics?
Because people traveled into Canada and brought it with them. Who is traveling to Thunder Bay to go shopping? I have no problem with recommending masks, but mandating them when the risk is somewhere between miniscule and non-existent us a ridiculous overreach. Should Newfoundland mandate masks? How about Greenland?
Masks get wet (or at least gain moisture) when you breathe on them. You can try an experiment. Go for a run, really bust your ass so that you're exhausted and taking deep breaths. As soon as you stop, slap a mask on, then try and catch your breath. Also you keep bringing up hypoxia like I'm one of these nut jobs talking about inhaling CO2. [Masks can make it harder to breathe](https://creakyjoints.org/living-with-arthritis/coronavirus/managing-symptoms/difficulty-breathing-face-mask-asthma-lung-disease/), this is an indisputable fact...but that doesn't mean you shouldn't wear one (unless your doctor tells you that you shouldn't).
