2K was a common term for 1440p for a while, but it seems to have fallen out of use. Probably for the best, as it's not accurate.
You'll never notice a real difference in heat production between the two unless you're OCing. Especially undervolted, the difference in power consumption is probably &lt;25W. My *total system draw* with vega 56 undervolted and with a mild OC is ~300 W, so maybe 175W for the card. However, if you run at stock voltage and raise the power limit you can easily push the card draw to 350-400 W.
Hey I just bought this monitor (CB271HU) and I can't seem to activate freesync on with with my Vega 56. Did you have to do anything in particular to set it up?
Weird, I'm using display port and radeon settings just says "freesync not supported". I can enable freesync on my other LG monitor no problem in radeon software. What is the manufacturing date of your unit? Mine says September 2018 on the back - I wonder if they updated the firmware and now no long support freesync. I also do not have the option of setting the monitor to 10 bit colour or 75 hz at 1440p for 8 bit colour over DP, both of which are officially supported in the manual. I can force 75 hz using an external utility (CRU), but that's it. Great monitor though. I'll keep it either way, but freesync support and native 75 hz was a major selling point for me.
If you're going to spend $130 on the open backs you should really consider getting the massdrop HD58x for $149.95 (very similar to the 6XX but bass slightly more extended, mids a little less emphasised and treble a little more bright). Far superior clarity and sound quality from a musical perspective. However, the 5 series apparently have a wider sound stage. Not sure about imaging on the 598, but the 58x definitely have fantastic imaging (i.e. separation of sounds spatially).
Not with that configuration for a T580.
This is a completely uncomparable product.
The amp will make a difference. It needs some power to give it a more dynamic sound. But it won't give it "punch" if that's what you're after. EQing can help but these are not "fun" phones - for that, something like the v-moda crossfade m-100 is probably what you're after. I'd really keeping listening to them for a while without EQing. I recently bought the HD58x (similar sound to HD6xx). Coming from brighter SHP9500s phones I was tempted at first and messed around with EQ a bit with because I was hearing that classic "veil". But once I just let my ears and brain adapt it disappeared and music became so much more enjoyable. They definitely sound much better with more nuanced sound - lower fidelity recordings with weak mixing just sound even duller somehow.
I would never pay $150 for these - they're OK, not even close to amazing. There are many better closed models in that range. I'd say they're a decent phone for $100 if you plan to replace the terrible stock ear pads and want a very distinct V-sound with muddied bass and harsh treble. They definitely improve a bit with EQing but have no soundstage and poor imaging.
Velour pads will change the sound considerably, reducing bass. I'd stick with pleather unless you want a different sound.
[You can.](https://www.amazon.com/Brainwavz-Hybrid-Memory-Foam-Earpad/dp/B00ZGGG3KY). I find the original brainwavz pads pleather pads much too boomy on the M50s, but these might work better.
Absolutely - but, they're not very comparable as open-backed phones so it depends on your use. They're also a bit harder to drive and sound a lot better with amplification. For someone who wants a portable closed-back phone for mixed use, the M50s might work better (though I'd recommend the less expensive M40s anyway). If you're using them mostly at home without concerns over noise leakage and have an amp, HD58x all the way.
There've been reviews demonstrating how NVMe drives will load applications up to twice as fast as SATA drives. That's noticeable. The jump from SATA to NVMe SSDs might be small compared with the jump from HDD to SSD, but it's not trivial.
&gt; Amp is more needed for high impedance headphones and you won't see a benefit for low impedance. That's not all it does. It can also improve the SQ of easy to drive headphones too. A good amp will lower the sound floor and produce cleaner sound than the amplification of more basic outputs like a headphone jack. In fact, the amp will do more for your SQ than the DAC.
And my point was that dismissing the difference in speed as simply a boasting measure, as you did, isn't accurate. The difference can be substantial and can make a noticeable difference to the end user. People pay a lot of money so that their CPU or GPU will process things 10-25% faster. Why shouldn't we expect and appreciate the same from our SSDs, especially when the difference is larger yet?
Assuming you're playing music at a reasonable volume, they'd be OK, not great. They're not true circumaural headphones - as in, they don't fully cover your ears. As such, I find they don't block noise especially well. By comparison, my NAD Viso HP50s do an excellent job of blocking out noise, but these are much pricier headphones. My Brainwavz HM5 headphones are not quite as good, but do a better job than the ATH M50. For the situation you describe you might want noise cancelling headphones. There are a lot of inexpensive ones available these days on amazon, some reviewing quite well.
FYI This only works if the card has already been registered online and the existing owner removes it from their web account. Otherwise EVGA won't know whether the card was legitimately sold.
You're totally on the mark here, and those scoffing have no idea what goes into marketing these days. Many people with psychology and sociology backgrounds go into business and use those skills to exploit consumer habits as marketing consultants. Even smaller companies contract out to marketing consultants. It's huge business these days, and if you're a major retailer, you're fully into this.
Unfortunately doesn't work for most I think, just like TAKEFIVE.
So because this game failed all marketing psychology doesn't work? Come on. Not to mention it doesn't take a stroke of genius to crunch the numbers here. This is an old hat marketing technique, and a few redditors who think they know how to run multi-million dollar corporations better than the people at the helm are deluding themselves.
&gt; I think more important for longer use is the resolution (less pixels to render = less power needed Both come standard with a 1080p display, so the same number of pixels. And according to notebookcheck, the dGPU version has more problems with heat and CPU throttling than the iGPU.
They didn't say anything about it not being "worth it". They just said if it works for you, do it.
The lag is miniscule. Linus stated unless you're super-human you'll never notice it.
T480 is a 14" laptop though and they need 15"+. In which case the T580 would be an option, but will put them over budget. Instead, the E580 would probably fit the budget a bit better.
My rx480 cooler wasn't that bad. They had some initial issues with the BIOS but changed the fan curve and cooling was never a problem.
You can easily set GTA V to eat up gobs of vram.
Oh I agree. With my 8 GB rx480 I was able to configure GTA V extra settings so that it would eat up all my vram, but it ran like crap because the GPU wasn't powerful enough to render at a decent framerate. It was a long time ago and I don't recall what I set exactly. However, Witch 3 at ultra 1080p ran quite well with my rx480, with FPS from 50-70. Freesync smoothed it out nicely. Now with my Vega 56 I run Ultra at 1440p capped at 60 fps, but can run 1800p at 45-60 fps. 4K unfortunately is 30-45 fps, so not very playable.
The 850W was $89 - EVGA power codes + taxes. For most people that meant 5-10% off (I snagged mine at $87.30 after tax), but there were a few lucky ones with 20% and no tax off hence the $70. Either way, great deal!
I agree, and if you want something that gives you more audiophile sound balanced with budget, the massdrop HD58x that has been available for the past couple months is a much better deal at $150.
The 600s have excellent imaging, but the 500 series phones have better soundstage distance than the 600s and cost considerably less. Specifically, the HD598 SR goes for $130 on amazon right now and will probably be a better gaming phone while still providing excellent sound quality (though not on par with the 600 series phones).
If that's the sound signature you want, I'd go for the massdrop HD6xx for $200 (same as the HD650). Or, the massdrop HD58x for $150. They sort of sit between the 600 and 650 in terms of sound - bass like the 650, but less warm in the mids and slightly brighter treble like the 600.
&gt; Sapphire Nitro+ Vega 64 BIOS There are two, but I think [this is the one I used.](https://www.techpowerup.com/vgabios/197472/sapphire-rxvega64-8176-171205). The other one should work the same just a slightly lower TDP.
There are not many examples of sub-$1000 laptops with 1060s. EDIT - Apparently I've missed out. Been looking, haven't had the fortunate of seeing one.
I prefer the LG overall, offers actual 10 bit colour and more control options. But I need to run games in non-native resolutions to keep FPS in freesync range (Vega 56), so I wanted a 1440p option. That said - if I duplicate the displays side by side and run a game (e.g. Witcher 3 Ultra 1440p) the differences are barely noticeable, despite running a non-native resolution on the 4K screen. In fact, some textures look better on the 4K screen at 1440p than on the 1440p screen - more pixels help. The only place you really notice non-native resolution is at edges of lines more in the background - they look slightly less crisp- and even then only if you're really looking. If I run the game at higher resolution (e.g. 1800p) frame rates are still playable and in freesync range and in some ways it looks better than 1440p at native resolution due to the higher pixel density, while lines look almost as crisp.
I am, next to my acer CB271HU which has very thin bezels. Perfectly matching bezels would be nice, but I don't run games extended on both screens so the thicker bezels on the LG don't bother me.
Not anymore. It was never true 10 bit, rather 8 bit + FRC. I guess they got called out on it and retracted support. I can only set it to 8 bit now. It also no longer supports freesync and can only do 75 hz when overclocked using CRU, at least in my experience.
Yes - they've probably updated the firmware on the monitor itself to no longer register as 8 bit. There have been at least two other people confirming this on newegg reviews after the most recent sale on this monitor the other week. When did you buy yours? Do you have 10 bit as an option?
I'm on the fence about returning it. Overall it's a nice monitor for the price. But I really wanted freesync, and I'm disappointed it's not there even if it wasn't officially supposed to be. I could probably RMA it on the basis that it doesn't support 10 bit color but was advertised as such.
1 foot is REALLY close for any monitor unless you have significant vision problems (maybe that's the case though). Are you sure you aren't underestimating how close you're sitting? I just measured, from my face to my 27" monitors is about 30". I wouldn't want them any closer I don't think and I'm near sighted.
If you don't mind potentially paying a restocking fee, then sure. Newegg doesn't have customer-friendly return policies unfortunately.
No. That monitor will probably be a lot better for gaming, and especially curved, you won't have an issue with washing out of contrast at angles.
Oh I read it. Did you read mine? &gt;**and don't game at high FPS** Don't assume everyone is playing battlefield. This monitor fits a large demographic of gamers just fine.
Sure, but you're not getting an IPS gsync with these features for less than $500.
You're comparing it to a much more expensive TN monitor with gsync, which doesn't make sense (different panel, higher price). OP isn't going to get an equivalent IPS monitor with gsync for nearly the same price, so adaptive sync is somewhat irrelevant here if you have an NVIDIA card. If you're after a 32" IPS 1440p panel in this price range this is probably it regardless if you have an nvidia or amd card.
Different laptops, different niches. This isn't for gamers, but will be a heck of a lot light and look a lot sharper.
&gt; r7 1700 It is, but that's on the higher end of stable overclocking for a 1700, while the 2600x can generally OC higher than a 1700 and has better higher single-core performance for the same core speed.
Yeah it's a frustrating situation regardless. I strongly wanted a ryzen based laptop, but after reading about persistent driver issues with no end in sight and BIOS choked TDPs gutting the potentially awesome integrated performance I couldn't get behind it.
I don't understand your logic r.e. 144 hz. Why wouldn't this be the 144 hz model if it's advertised as such? I agree that it's a bit expensive, but it is a more premium and better constructed model than many similarily spec'd units.
That 3 year warranty is not standard everywhere. In the USA it's 1 year.
32 GB of ram is completely unnecessary on that 17" model anyway. 16 Gb is more than sufficient.
What games and settings are you getting those framerates at? By itself those values don't say much. By comparison, my Vega 56 can push 65-75 fps in Witcher 3 and Rise of the Tomb in Ultra at 1440p. I'd imagine your settings must be notably lower than ultra to achieve 75 fps with this card since it's about 25-35% slower than the Vega 56.
Two things. 1) Lease returns for businesses. 2) returns from disappointed gamers because the display wasn't perfect or other minor cosmetic issues.
It's about 91 PPI so equivalent to 1080p at 24". Your right definitely a case of what you're used to. After spending time with 1440p at 27" I think 32" will look a little pixelated if used at distances &lt;32" for people used to 1440p and 27". But if using a little further away it should be great.
I agree, it helps a lot, though once FPS dips below 50 it starts to seem a little bit more sluggish overall.
&gt; then on this documentary about the origins of monster myths was on and it turns out that the bluish green mold on rye is hallucinogenic Except that this isn't true. You're confusing this with [ergot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ergot) - a type of fungus that produces hallucinogenic pre-cursor chemicals used to make LSD. When it was ground into bread in the past, it would lead to hallucinations, muscle cramps, gangrene, and even death. The blue/green mold on bread isn't ergot and isn't hallucinogenic - at least not to people. It's likely some type of [Rhizopus sp., Penicillium sp., or Cladosporium.](https://sciencing.com/different-kinds-bread-mold-5956459.html)
I don't think their laptop QC is any lower than average. I've owned two vostros and currently have a latitude 3590 for work, and all have been well-built units (with shitty TN screens, but that's a different story). I think consumers have become accustomed to much more flexible "free" returns with the advent of amazon prime and display quality has been on the decline. Margins on hardware have been declining with increased competition from new corporations. In order to continue to make certain profit margins, laptops have been using lower quality components, particularly for IPS displays which are in big demand these days. While dead pixels are less common than they used to be I think, the switch to lower cost IPS panels with lower colour reproduction and poorer contrast ratios has been underhwelming consumers. That, and a demand for thinner bezels has led to increases in problems with backlight bleed due to lighter-weight frames that cannot keep screens from flexing. This is my pet theory at least anyway.
Very good scores there on your pulse! That's notably higher than I was able to get my graphics score for the same settings (~23500). What was the actual clock speed set to for P7 though? FYI - "memory voltage" doesn't have any affect on your memory OC. It's the voltage floor for the core - essentially, the lowest voltage your core can be in the P6/P7 power states. With your core set to 1050/1100 mV, it doesn't do anything.
What do you want them for? Music? Gaming?
You won't likely ever see a new 1080ti again, and certainly not for that price. Possibly used but unlikely as well for the foreseeable future. I'd suggest a vega 56, which is nearly the equal of the 1070ti and similar to a vega 64/1080 with some tweaking, but availability has been poor recently for those too.
The 1080ti has been unavailable for a long while and never for &lt;$400 new. There was one pricing error on refurbs from zotac, but that's it.
No worries, just weighing in so no one gets their hopes up for a unicorn. ;)
Are you certain your problem is gone? This is normal behaviour from speedstep and shouldn't be causing your grief. As soon as there is a load put on the processor, it will increase the clock speed, giving you better performance. In idle, it doesn't matter because there is no load. Any time you do any action that requires the processor, it should come out of the idle state and increase the clock speed.
Paging /u/DellCares What can I do to remedy this situation? I've already updated all drivers and to the newest BIOS via Dell, no change in fan and thermal behaviour.
Care to share with others?
Unfortunately, 2242 SSDs are rare, low capacity, and expensive. The decision to not allow for both a full 2.5" bay and a separate 2280 m.2 slot on the tx80 series was a mistake. The whole point of this series is a versatile machine.
Depends on the game and GPU. But it would be a challenge to run 100+ fps for AAA titles in ultra with even a 1080. Regardless, the price is a joke.
Unfortunately, [stress is also a trigger for comfort eating for many](https://www.health.harvard.edu/staying-healthy/why-stress-causes-people-to-overeat). Cortisol levels rise from stress, which lead to attempts to self-medicate by consuming foods that can increase dopamine levels - typically, something sugar and/or fat-rich.
It had some egregious bloat for sure, but the real gems came from there. Appetite was kick-ass but lacked any real depth to it. A good single album from the Illusions would have been a perfect Swan Song from GnR IMHO. Spaghetti Incident was a bizarre mess of tunes, many of which were poorly done. But the band was already all but dissolved by the time that came out so not really a surprise. EDIT - Seriously, you're going to downvote me because I prefer Illusions to Appetite? Come on man, that's just spiteful.
Because it will be 36% smaller in each dimension, negating the point of a larger screen. It will be the size of a 25" UW, which is effectively a stretched out 20" monitor.
Yup, there's your problem - it's definitely thermal, not TDP limited. Once it runs in that 90+ range for a while it will jump down to a lower TDP to prevent overheating. Unfortunately, those CPU turbo clock values are really not very sustainable due to the large amount of heat generated that cannot be effectively dissipated in a laptop. My Latitude 3590 with an i5-8250u will peak for 15 seconds at 3.4 Ghz (~33 W) until it reaches 97 C before it then throttles back to &lt;1 Ghz. Once temps drop to ~62 C it slowly finds its way back to 2.5 Ghz but stays there. Poor timing and thermal design. My T580 with the 8250u on the other hand can sustain turbo of 3.4 Ghz for much longer, then only drops to 3.1 Ghz for the next while which keeps temps at 88-92 °C. Eventually it will probably drop a little further. Much better thermal design than the dell. Both respond to undervolting - the T580 can maintain 3.4 Ghz throughout an entire cinebench run while the Dell only adds a few seconds at full tilt before choking itself. Undervolting will probably sustain full turbo a little longer, but you're just hitting a thermal limit at 57 W. Try a cooling pad if you really want to keep it boosting for longer.
I get what you're saying, and sure you can do this, but it will be tiny and will lose a great deal of immersion. But if you're fine with that until you can afford the hardware, then all the power to you friend! Happy gaming. :)
While your [two week test](https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/a8161y/til_that_all_early_humans_were_lactose_intolerant/#ec7cl78) is more rigorous than many would consider, it's probably not enough to tell. Moreoever, your symptoms: &gt;Within an hour after ingestion, I will get gas pains/stomach pains. Tons of rumbling. are 100% consistent with lactose intolerance - gas and bloating from digestion of lactose by gut microbiota. I'm sorry to say, but your issue is lactose and possibly milk protein related, and very unlikely to be hormone related. Can you provide any basis for why you thought hormones in the milk might be a factor? Lactose intolerance is a spectrum, and the mechanisms for producing lactase - the enzyme responsible for breaking down lactose in the body into digestible glucose - can vary in individuals over time. The ability to produce lactase is down-regulated in individuals that aren't regularly consuming milk product. So if you avoided milk for a long time, then began consuming it, you likely had low lactase production and a gut microbiota that was not adapted to it. This led to gas as the gut microorganisms took advantage of this food source. By the following week, you began to produce more lactase and the gut microbiome adjusted, and you experienced less or even a dearth of symptoms. If you really want to test this, you'd need to be tested blindly, and with a mix of hormone/non-hormone milk products. Furthermore, it would probably best to just stick to straight milk at first to simplify things.
Unfortunately, their test wasn't very scientifically rigorous, and there is no basis for why milk containing hormones would cause distress that perfectly resembles that of lactose intolerance while non-hormone containing milk wouldn't, unless the lactose levels varied significantly between them.
This is straight-up nonsense pieced together from fringe internet conspiracy theories. There is zero compelling evidence linking milk consumption to large scale incidence of disease. Consuming too much sugar period can lead to diabetes, and milk contains a lot of sugar, so it might have some linkage at that level, but it's not a milk-specific issue.
Clearly this is something you've spent some time thinking and learning about beforehand, so I commend your efforts. I'll make it clear that while I am a scientist, my biology background is neither specific to medical science nor human biology, so take what I'm saying with a large grain of salt! However, I have a lot of experience in research experiments, and would definitely be happy to help. I think the results could be interesting. Consider this a pilot project. :) It might be that there are differences in sugar contents between non/hormone milks, which may contribute to your symptoms. But as far as I know (and this is admittedly limited), there is no good reason why hormones used to stimulate milk production would specifically trigger your symptoms. I think there are many ways you could approach this, but I do think the best way would be to come in having spent some time consuming non-hormone containing dairy beforehand - preferably just as milk at first to control your variables - then switch to a hormone containing milk for a while (say a week) and record your symptoms as you have. Even better would be to have a third party that would put your milk in a non-labelled container and you would not know if whether you were consuming non/hormone milk for these periods. Every week, they would switch it up (recording which week was which kind and keeping it confidential), and you'd record symptoms. Ideally you'd do this for a couple of months, then have the person reveal the types and you can compare symptoms. You might also want to spend some time recording symptoms (at least a couple of weeks) before introducing milk back into your diet. I don't know much about the ways in which this type of qualitative data are best recorded. But it would be worth deciding on a "scale" for symptoms before logging results. For example, you would log each bowel movement on a 0-5 rating system for stools - 0 being diarrhea, 1-2 being loose, 5 being hard pellets, and 3 being "ideal". Also do periodic assessments for general sense of bloating and gas on a scale system. These may be better recorded over periods (e,g. morning, afternoon, evening, overnight) rather than by events since they may be persistent states. Just some preliminary thoughts. I admit it would be really hard to stick to this regimen for that period of time, especially since you're restricting intake of all other dairy in the mean time.
Sounds good. Good luck with planning "project poop" and enjoy your holidays!
Vega 64 is about 5-10% faster (similar to the 1080) and can be easily be undervolted to reduce the difference to &lt;25W. Even if you don't, the energy difference is negligible with respect to cost, amounts to maybe $5 over a period of years for heavy gaming. I'd pick the card depending pick whichever monitor you'd prefer to game on.
The red dragon (equivalent to the pulse) went for $340 about a month ago. Unfortunately, non-blower V56 cards have been largely absent since.
Huh well I stand corrected. This is relatively new - these were not available when I was last looking a few weeks back. The only AIB I'd seen was the gigabyte V64 which is a disaster of a card. However, at those prices no one in their right mind would buy one. Especially open boxes without return options and those from 3rd parties selling through newegg marketplace.
Yeah I'd probably opt for the blower and put the water block on instead if I was committed to a V64. I'm glad I picked up my V56 pulse when I did. With a little tweaking, I can either run it highly undervolted (950 mV) and get stock performance at 125 W draw or overclock it with a small undervolt (1100 mV) and raised PL and get stock 1080 level performance drawing about 225W. The former keeps the card nice and cool (&lt;65°C) with fans barely running, the latter also around 70°C with fans around 60-70%.
Not really. Windows scaling works just fine these days.
You're getting downvoted but I somewhat agree. The 580 is about 45% faster which is a lot. But for another 75-100$ (33% greater cost) you'll get 85% better performance and have a card that can handle 1440p at decent fps. I think the additional cost now will pay off in the long run.
I agree that LC does not add much to the OC potential. However, Yours is definitely in the upper percentile for vega 56 OC performance so I wouldn't use that as a standard. Plenty of v64s cannot OC memory beyond 1050 mhz. Undervolting lowers power use a lot but restricts the full potential of vega, assuming you can keep vrms cool. Realistically OCing adds another 10% up to stock voltage, with water cooling maybe another 5% but you'll need to run it at either stock or higher voltage with the power limit bumped to max and even extended to beyond 50% with powerplay table tricks. If you want to extract the absolute most from a vega WC is the way to go, especially if you have a blower. But you'll have to pay the high power consumption costs.
Strange they deliberately do not change the voltage while OCing. For the most part, Air cooled Vega is able to achieve better OC with undervolting, which helps immensely with power and thermal regulation.
It still doesn't make sense. Other AIB Vegas run much cooler at stock settings without undervolting - undervolt those, and you end up with an even cooler card yet. Several have noted issues with bad thermal pasting and lack of VRM cooling on the Strix, which causes relative overheating. Since this card seems to require a repasting, which break your warranty, I wouldn't even consider it. I'd buy the blower and spend a little more on a water cooling block system if I was to maximise performance.
I wouldn't keep it as a blower, I'd definitely put a water block on it. But you can buy a [stock watercooled version for $30 more than the strix](https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814131726&amp;Description=vega%2064&amp;cm_re=vega_64-_-14-131-726-_-Product), which would be a much better value IMO! Could be r.e. poorly binned. Gigabyte V64s are even worse, with terrible cooling solutions. It seems like the only AIB v64 worth buying is the mythical Nitro+. I'm glad I bought a Sapphire pulse V56 when it was on sale and available, since they're not around anymore either it seems.
They are much more comfortable, but substantially change the sound signature, and not for the better IMO. Becomes even more muddy in the bass, and these phones already have fairly loose bass to begin with.
&gt; Reddit likes to hate on popular things sometimes and the m50s have fallen into the "establishment" category That's really not the reason at all. It's that these are frequently touted as great entry "audiophile" phones for the money, when really, they're just so-so. They'll certainly be a notable improvement on most anything under $80, but in the price range there are much better options. I thought they were great when I first bought them, but have now find them very difficult to listen to for any length due to the overly harsh treble and boomy/muddy bass. They have decent clarity, but zero soundstage and imaging is non-existent. The M40x is definitely a better option sound-wide from the same family, for less. And I'd strongly recommend the Sennheisser HD598 CS over these any day.
I'd strongly recommend the Vmoda crossfade over these if you're looking for "fun" closed-back phones. You'll need to upgrade to the XL earpads for those, but the pads on the M50x are too small and crappy as well.
This and the Sapphire pulse V56 are fantastic cards with great undervolting potential and decent OCing potential.
My understanding is that the 2070 really trades blows with Vega ~~56~~ 64 and even loses out big on some titles. I'm sure updated drivers will fix that with time though.
HP ex920 512 GB and another 8 GB DIMM for my laptop.
I've owned them since 2012, and spent 100s of hours listening to them. They're basic. I bought them for $100 then. They have clarity and a "fun" V signature, but no particularly interesting or redeeming characteristic. They're harsh in the treble, recessed in the mids, and muddy in the bass. Spend even an hour with any other set of headphones in that price range and you'll readily understand why they're nothing special. They made me realise how music could sound better, and I've since bought many more sets of headphones in the years following, some for less, most around the same price. All sound vastly better. My M50s sit in a box and I have no desire to listen to them ever again. &gt; Bullshit. This is pretentious nonsense. LOL, let me get this straight. I'm telling you my own experience listening to these headphones, which I've owned for over 7 years, is such that I find them difficult to listen to for any length. And you're telling me that's "bullshit", and have the audacity to call it pretentious? Can you seriously not hear the irony in your statement? Your response is the very definition of pretentious.
Another brave keyboard warrior wipes the cheeto dust off his neckbeard and stands up to the tyranny of inspiration. Without your kind, we'd all be trying to make this a better world not realising how foolish we look under your wise gaze. Thanks for your service.
I have the 2020 SL5 and love the r7000 105 groupset. I'm sure the ultegra may give a slight edge for racing [but for most use I'm not sure it makes much difference.](https://road.cc/content/review/248560-shimano-105-r7000-groupset) Very glad to have a 2x and not a 1x for those few steep hills I need to climb and descend. on flats I'm in the largest chainring most of the time anyway unless there's a fierce headwind.
&gt; What's really bizzare for me, that i'll have to learn, is how to keep track of what gear i'm in. On my current bike, and all the ones i've owned as a kid, they all had indicators. I made this transition myself a few years ago and it's really not a big deal. Once you get used to it you'll realise that it's not very relevant - you go by feeling as opposed to a specific number. Especially with higher numbers of gears, it becomes a matter of fine tuning your spin.
*Cue the sarcastic dismissal of the same XKCD comic to a cheerlead for "muh freedum"* Youtube is under no obligation to host anything they don't want to. You're more than welcome to access any other site that does, or host it yourself. This isn't government censorship in any shape or form.
Going from 27" 1080p to 27" 1440p was a huge step up for me. I probably wouldn't buy the 32" 1440p for desk use though.
For video it's not bad but for gaming it will be noticeable.
Nobody is censoring you by not providing you with a soapbox to stand on. Do you really think your voice is so important that everyone should bend over backwards to give you a platform to speak? I don't agree the film should have been pulled. I think it provides great historical context and while it has the potential for inspiring hate it has a larger role to play in education. But that's just my opinion, and youtube has their own. I'm just as free now as I was before they pulled it.
That is one unattributed definition of censorship. What it lacks is a fundamental part of censorship - that it is being exercised by someone in power over you and overs. Youtube does not meet this definition. Yes, they are powerful and influential. But simply removing a video showing Nazi propaganda isn't censorship. They're not lobbying for it to be outlawed. They're not supressing it from being shown by others. They only have decided themselves not to front it. Not censorship.
These are all strawman points. In the same vein, the decision for major TV networks to not show pornography isn't censorship, and hasn't led society down a slippery slope of any kind. Seems preposterous to say, but it is an equivalent statement.
But being gay-friendly is not the equivalent of being discriminatory against gays. The constitution already prohibits being discriminated against due to religion, but doesn't protect the act of discrimination by religious beliefs.
Again, another non-comparable situation. Youtube isn't refusing to serve a demographic, they're refusing to show content that they deem inappropriate. A more comparable restaurant example would be to refuse to serve patrons who make inappropriate remarks to others in the restaurant.
Probably yes. Would be like comparing the smell of a single chemical to that of a mix of related chemicals with slightly different odours.
Exchange or return if you can.
Nicer but not enough to replace it.
Sorry, that's frustrating. It may or it might not get worse, but if it hasn't changed over the past week or so it probably won't. It's not a huge deal but mine was happening often enough that I did exchange because I could. If it wasn't possible I would have lived with it, not the end of the world.
[I've read the most recent driver updates seem to help many](https://community.amd.com/message/2915748?commentID=2915748#comment-2915748). I'm currently away from form home for a long while and haven't had a chance to see for myself.
I've returned 2 monitors and did one exchange to newegg without any issues. Seems that experiences vary a lot.
Kind of difficult to prove you accidentally swung a baseball bat from a moving vehicle at a mailbox.
Low THC/High CBD strains can help. But THC certainly interferes with sleep for many, myself included.
Not accurate. Many herbivores will occasionally eat it, but those with a cecum adapted to digesting vegetation will not benefit much from it and risk disrupting their microflora, and therefore have little motivation to consume meat.
Vitamin D is produced by the body by exposure to sunlight but doesn't influence skin colour. That's melanin, which is produced as a function of genetics and to an extent sun exposure. They have darker skin than caucasians due to genetics, not diet.
Toronto has a lower per capita murder rate than most major Canadian cities. It just has a lot more people and therefore more overall a higher number of murders.
OK I see what they were saying now, thanks. I'd take it a step further and suggest that darker skin may be an advantage. When it's dark in high latitudes it's cold enough that people would be wearing full clothing, so skin colour wouldn't matter much. However, during the summer there is an abundance of light, so once it's warm enough to bare skin risk of sun damage is a concern. Having higher melanin levels would be protective. People assume that the low angle of the sun means low risk of burning, but it's still a lot more intense than people think.
Diagnosed celiac disease isn't the same thing as claimed gluten intolerance by though. The former is a legitimate inflammation disease, the other is a made-up claim by people without a diagnosis by someone with a legitimate medical science background.
She has a real disease, but she's certainly not allergic to ginger, soy, or wheat because of it. Alpha-galactose is a very specific organic compound found in protein of certain mammals and not found in those other foods. If she has any intolerance to those, it's from something else. But the underlying cause is more likely just she's allergic to the meat protein and consuming those other things when she eats teriyaki pork.
&gt; sometimes itll run great and other times it cant get over 30 fps In what context? What are your higher rates? Are you saying the same game will pslow to 30 fps at times? That's a sign your card is overheating and downclocking.
You're saying he's "concrete", but you're attributing the confidence of his assertion to the validity of the argument. His arguments are weak/baseless and/or groundless in many if not most cases. They're logical progressions of illogical or notions. They *sound* like they should be right, so they *must* be to the listeners. There's no presented scientific basis for why aggression should make anyone successful at negotiating; that's one method and it may not even be very effective. It's simply Peterson's personal interpretation, and an easily sold idea that "sounds right" without using any actual science to back it.
You're pulling a full on Peterson here yourself. Confidently making a claim with nothing to back it: &gt;It’s less about aggression and more that men are more disagreeable and women are more agreeable, and there is scientific basis for why a disagreeable person is more likely to negotiate. then trying to usurp my argument as your own: &gt;As far as I can tell most arguments against Peterson are just that it sounds like it should be wrong. &gt;But I’m sure a person who spent the vast majority of his multiparagraph post not realizing he was agreeing with Peterson and all the people who upvoted him totally understand what Peterson is saying. And here you're just falling into the same trap: Peterson sounds like he knows what he's talking about by making confident complex arguments out of unbacked assertions, so it must be true.
The vega 56 is a 2 year old upper mid-level card - it does well, but it won't play all games consistently at 75+ FPS ultra and 1440p. Dips to 30 fps though are a bit much and suggest downclocking. Is it a blower card? Have you tried undervolting?
Delusion is a hell of a drug, and you're high as a kite right now.
&gt; I have a 56 pulse and on stock settings while drawing 285 watts Your card should not be pulling 285 watts at stock settings, not even close. My pulse pulls 180 W all day long at balanced stock settings. Do you mean stock voltage but with the PL raised to 50+%?
Good luck and thanks!
&gt; You... should learn more. It sounds like you read just enough to be dangerous. Crop rotation has been used for literally thousands of years at this point, it's not like all soil in the world is slowly turning into barren land. The irony in this statement is concerning. You clearly don't know enough about the topic to actually critique it. [Arable soil is degrading at an alarming rate across the globe and use of inorganic fertilisers exacerbates this immensely](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/only-60-years-of-farming-left-if-soil-degradation-continues/). Crop rotation helps reduce impacts but by no means prevents long-term degradation, especially when high yield requirements are necessary in order to meet food supply demand. Sustainable agriculture requires very careful management of land using methods that substantially limit yields relative to modern methods. Most agriculture conducted today does not in any way meet even the loosest definition of sustainable, including mass-producing organic methods. In other words, continuing to use modern agricultural methods will eventually lead to the collapse of our food supply chain due to soil degradation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sustainable_agriculture https://www.politico.com/agenda/story/2017/09/13/soil-health-agriculture-trend-usda-000513 https://www.sare.org/Learning-Center/Books/Building-Soils-for-Better-Crops-3rd-Edition/Text-Version/Healthy-Soils/How-Do-Soils-Become-Degraded
A younger griz/brown might not have a noticeable hump on it's back. It can be a little tough to tell the difference when they're only 1-2 years old if you're in an area where black bears have more cinnamon coats.
Are you saying it is bouncing between P6/P7? For vega P clock speeds are targets, and it fluctuates below those targets. You might just be fluctuating within the stable range of P7. The only way you'll really know is if you monitor core voltage and see if it downclocks to the P6 voltage.
No, as long as it's not a cheap generic branded PSU. Any name brand 80+ rated PSU with a sufficient power rating (~600W) should be fine, yours is more than sufficient.
Yes polaris is different that way, although it did downclock where it was power limited. Vega does it differently, and my P7 clock values easily range by 25-40 Mhz depending on the game, resolution, etc.
Well that backfired.
&gt; this is plenty for 144hz 1440p Depends on the game and settings. For low demand shooters, probably 100+ fps. Definitely not enough for Ultra on GPU thirsty titles. My vega 56 gets around 65-75 @1440p on Witcher 3 Ultra, this 64 is around 5-10% better at most.
Not 144 hz. I have the same and run Witcher 3 65-75 fps at Ultra. For those really looking to take advantage of 144 hz this card won't cut it for AAA/max.
Speaking of bias... yeesh. And who cares if it's "old" if it works well. Techpowerup's ratings are notoriously incorrect. Posting their charts showing relative differences should be banned in this sub. At this point, the only good consistently good comparisons seem to come from gamer's nexus and eurogamer.
I get about 100 fps with full medium on Witcher 3 either with my Vega 56 Pulse (UV/OC). This is noticeably poorer than high, which gives me about 75-85 fps. So in either case, no where near 144/1440p, although IMO 100 FPS is not easily distinguishable from 144 hz in this game.
I agree 144 fps isn't needed for TW3, but it's also a 4 year old game and newer AAA titles will generally be more demanding for the same FPS.
&gt;US median income is $59k Probably, but that's the median **household** income, which is often composed of more than one source of income. From an individual level, the ["The U.S Bureau of the Census has the annual median personal income at $31,099 in 2016"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_States). That means you'd need to work for 31 years at that pay to make 1 million (not considering changes in pay over time).
Maybe they've changed things this year but if it is matte screen it will most likely be TN, which also gives a dull look to colours (except on high-end TN screens). Up until 2018 at least when they simply say FHD for display type it is their TN screen. All their IPS screens had their "anti-glare tru-life" treatment which just means a glossy display.
Going to need some more information about this.
Mostly in the coastal areas. The interior is pretty sunny and dry most of the time.
That's exactly why the hum is nice - it's white noise to drown out the louder intermittent noise of traffic. Unless your fridge rattles when it hums, in which case I get it.
&gt; The more accurate path would be biology is just applied chemistry. Chemistry is just applied physics. Mathematics is the way humans interpret physics. You're making the exact same error in stating this. No, biology isn't applied chemistry. It's the study of the patterns and processes of biota. Chemistry is study of the composition, structure and properties of matter. These fields represent the application of chemistry and physics, but are no more "just" applied versions than physics is of math.
I agree math is a tool that can be used to assess all, but that's about it. You're taking a very reductionist approach to describing that has long since been abandoned by scientists. You can describe the components of the biological as being complex and self-replicating chemicals, but that describes one small facet of biology as a field, and a very short-sighted one at that. Likewise, chemistry is a great deal more than just understanding the forces behind how molecules are held together and react.
You're spot on about the math and I respect your reflective perspective on this. I agree that the foundations of science fields are often hierarchically dependent on each other (i.e. physics informs chemistry, chemistry informs biology, biology informs sociology/psychology, etc).
Was it really necessary to crank the red saturation to the max? [What it probably looked like.](https://imgur.com/ln5510d)
Nothing, this guy is just being a dumbass racist troll.
True, however FPS will vary a lot depending on the title. For AAA RPG games it will probably be 60-90 fps. Witcher 3 1440p ultra with a V56 is around 70-80 FPS - it's a 4 year old title now too. For esports and FPS games though you'll definitely get 120+ fps.
&gt; However, high intake of saturated fat and trans fats are associated with high cholesterol. They are not the only factor, but there is no scientific uncertainty about the fact that high fat diets are a significant risk factor for developing high cholesterol. Developing - yes. But consumed saturated fats and cholesterol do not actually enter your bloodstream - they're broken down by enzymes and used as energy and/or as building blocks for fats produced in our own cells. So eating a very cheesy meal isn't directly clogging up your arteries. Furthermore, the association is found via observational studies where it is almost impossible to sufficiently control for other lifestyle and dietary factors. In experimental studies where different diets are fed to people, the relationship is much less clear, with some showing sugar to be a more likely culprit than saturated fats, though not universally. This suggests the association of saturated fats with heart disease is much more murky than previously believed, but it's unclear exactly which other intermediate factors are directly causing heart disease. Unfortunately, most experimental studies are understandably short in duration (days to months) since compliance and sustained funding is always an issue. Observational studies that ask people about their diets and other lifestyle factors can see long-term trends much more easily, but people lie and/or think they do things much differently than they do.
A good value but not directly comparable - smaller screen, lacks numeric keypad, things that appeal to certain users.
The comments serve not only to help the students but to provide notes for yourself if you need to review the assignment/exam or to provide evidence of consistency in grading. I still include them even though I'm not convinced many students take them to heart.
Bear in mind an undergraduate degree is not certification of expertise in a subject or comprehensive training for any job (aside from those in professional programs). Students who fail to take this information in will not likely be able to demonstrate competence in related work, and either not end up being hired or losing their position quickly. Or, they begin to appreciate it during on the job training, and pick it up properly.
&gt;I dont even OWN a Ladle ... Get a ladle and make some soup!!
Being out of breath is indicative of anaerobic exercise, not aerobic. Brief bursts of high heart rates are not the equivalent of prolonged periods of elevated heart activity during aerobic activity. The only people who seem to think otherwise are those who dont seem to do cardio. Run 10 k and see how you stack up.
&gt;I can't find a single place where op claimed this was his work. [Look again](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ejugt2/regardless_of_the_scoreboard/fd1cym1/).
Agreed. Added strength training can definitely be used to improve most if not all other types of physical activity. People worry too much about adding muscle mass when in reality mass doesn't tend to just pack on so easily. Perhaps at the most elite levels of running/cycling any extra mass is a detriment, but strength training can help give an edge, particularly for cycling where sprints and hill climbing are often challenges.
&gt;as a kid That right there is a big part of the reason why. Skin regrowth as an adult is more likely to leave permanent scarring. Life-long skin graft scars are a very real thing but can vary a lot person to person and situationally.
&gt; In at least two of those 44 (probably more, those are just the ones I'm personally aware of) if reported tips don't bring the server to minimum wage, the employer is responsible for making up the difference. Good luck trying to enforce that though. While many if not most servers manage to exceed minimum wage with tips, there are establishments where people do not tip much, typically those with predominantly poor clientele who are already seeking to pay the least possible.
Won't happen. The only way to is force employers to pay fair wages through law. Time and time again it's been demonstrated that given the option people will always pay their employees as little as possible, and status-quo politicians will get lobbied hard to ensure it stays that way. The only way to effect change is to vote it in - or strike.
But have those prices increased the same? The price of food products and labour have not increased the same as rent/property. I can buy potatoes for $1-2 lb and chicken for $2-4/lb in 2020. It cost about the same in 2000. But the average cost of a 1 bedroom apartment has gone from $500/month to $1000/month in my area. And I grew up where property costs are well below the national average.
So punish the workers in vain hopes to make the system change for them? That's a terrible and callous notion.
When you're a child your cells are still multiplying like crazy and filling in new tissue. You simply replace and fill in those cells very quickly and they're mostly new. As an adult, your average tissue turnover rates are much slower, and the physical qualities of your skin change - think about how people collect age spots, wrinkles, and other blemishes over time. Your skin simply isn't as healthy or vigorous as it was when you were younger, as it is less pliable and doesn't replenish collagen as effectively. Furthermore, that aging begins sooner than you realise. It takes years to decades for the decline in dermal function to become apparent - blemishes you see in your 40s may have began years or even decades earlier. For example, sun damage to skin from a young age can manifest latter in life and risk of skin cancer is related to cumulative sun exposure. https://dermatology.ca/public-patients/skin/photoaging/ https://www.skincancer.org/blog/photoaging-what-you-need-to-know/ https://www.abc.net.au/news/science/2018-10-31/skin-wound-healing-tissue-regeneration-blood-stem-immune-cells/10434056 However there is evidence that scars themselves are thinner and less developed in older people vs. kids. So scars may not develop as strongly as they did when you were younger. However, your skin also doesn't heal as efficiently, so they will persist longer. &gt;["A young person's wounds will heal more quickly, but the risk of forming a raised (hypertrophic) scar is greater."](https://medicine.yale.edu/dermatology/dermsurg/Chapter%2018%20Time%20and%20Care%20Heals%20All%20Wounds_36907_284_5_v1.pdf)
Thanks for the clarification. It says largest "counties" so it implies multiple counties per state. I see now it means the largest county (singular) within a state, so it's a grammar issue with the title. Still not really sure of the value of this map but I now better see what they're trying to do.
If it's a driver problem then why are there many people not having issues with their 5700xt? Is it a combination problem of AMD drivers and card BIOS instead?
Yeah no kidding. If anything, the internet has been their most useful tool to double-down on that control.
Sure. We can also then talk about how Iran has a long history of being provoked and invaded by Russia and spent considerable time being unwillingly occupied by both Britain and Russia, and therefore motivated to support the one western power at the time interested in taking them out. Let's keep it to relevant context.
You can't post a picture that is by its very nature political and not expect political discussion. If this sub wants to keep the politics out it needs to ban and remove these kinds of posts.
What card are you using? CPU? Are you running the card stock or applying OC/UV? Need more info here.
&gt;Might be wrong but from memory thats from the water in the body instantly turning to gas. The flesh would have burned off long beforehand. Some crazy things happen in that heat, but tales of animals exploding by traumatised survivors are probably best taken with a grain of salt. They're pumped full of adrenaline and fear and often not able to recall events with clarity for obvious reasons.
That's probably not the issue and this cat is definitely not 20 years old. Many cats - young or old - will react this way to having their back end scratched. It's a sensitive place for them related to mating and socialising it seems. Some like it, some hate it, others are indifferent to it. LOL I love how suddenly people are experts on cat leg health and age here and able to translate meow tonality. The more sensible explanation is that a lot of cats don't like being touched on their back legs, young or old. It's very common.
Exactly - but just one thing to add for the OP or others. Uou probably won't reach the actual set clock speeds for P7 if they're on the higher side, so don't be disappointed if you set 1590 mhz but only ever reach around 1540.
Similar upgrade path for me, went from a Gigabyte G1 rx480 to pulse V56 after buying a 1440p monitor. About 40-50% better performance.
I thought you could get past this with softpowerplay tables? Easier and safer than BIOS flashing.
&gt; maybe the Vega 56 Why disappointed? It's a fantastic card and keeps up with the GTX 1080 these days.
Freezing also slows down chemical reactions. Freezing dry medication (e.g. pills) in waterproof containers in should in theory reduce chemical degradation from oxidation. However, some pills or other products may become less stable with freezing where it damages the physical structure in a way that compromises the medication within. I'm definitely not recommending anyone freeze medications to use at a later time, although in most cases it probably would extend the life.
Might still be quite rare inside.
Not really. You made your own fun and were more content to do less because the option wasn't there unless you went out of your way to make it happen. People are no less bored today, it's just easier to fill that time with more low-key activities due to the internet.
This doesn't take talent, it takes skill. Skill takes practice. Practice something a lot and you'll eventually be very skilled at something. No one starts off amazing at anything.
300 baud? Pleb. Step up to 2400 and watch the text creep by like kudzu.
You have too much time on your hands.
There are so many other variables involved that there is no way that would provide nearly enough precision to monitor a difference of 1°F.
They're agreeing and reinforcing your point.
This is unclear for me - I don't have the options you describe. For me it goes: Windows settings &gt; Gaming &gt; Game Mode &gt; Related Settings &gt; Graphics settings &gt; But then there is no option for Variable Refresh Rate.
This is a bit of a myth. A wooden cutting board is actually preferable for meat (or anything). [The wood provides a natural antimicrobial effect, whereas plastic only encourages the growth of bacteria, especially once it develops the nicks and scratches from cutting.](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/1541-4337.12199) Best practice is to make certain you clean boards thoroughly after use and allow them to dry. I treat my wooden cutting boards with butcher block conditioner 2-3x before initial use and reapply periodically between uses which makes it both easier to clean and fills microscopic pores with waxes that prevent juices and smells from accumulating. I also heat the board in the oven at the lowest setting for about 20 minutes before applying the conditioner - this helps it soak in, and the heat helps kill off any residual bacteria too.
I'd stay away from cocaine if that's what you're asking.
&gt; The first time I saw a person free base crack/meth Just so it's clear to others since these have been lumped in together, these are very different drugs and do not smell, cost, or affect people the same way.
Curious why you think that's more common for women than men.
&gt; (I keep it to 5 reps or higher cause I don’t have a sport to train for anymore. Generally for deadlift lower rep/higher weight is preferable anyway. Deadlifting isn't usually something done with high reps in mind. There are better exercises for building lower back/hamstring conditioning if you're looking for high rep activity. Deadlifting is primarily a full intensity event.
Yeah... not even close. The only people upvoting this nonsense are people who've never spent any real time in the gym.
While you can work around long legs, longer limbs are always a disadvantage for any lift for which they are the main lever used. It's simple physics - it means you need to move the weight over a longer distance. It's the same for benchpressing or rows - shorter arms = better mechanical advantage. For deadlifting, shorter legs means not having to lift the weight as high. It's part of the reason why sumo-style deadlifting is popular and somewhat controversial - it reduces the lifting distance and there is no standardisation for how wide the legs are spread. Check these guys out: [Lamar Gant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=3&amp;v=PSVqlh7ePb8&amp;feature=emb_logo) [Dalton Lacoe](http://en.allpowerlifting.com/lifters/USA/lacoe-dalton-75121/gallery/) And deadlifts use much of the same muscle groups as squats, though with somewhat different emphasis (more hamstring vs quads) - that's part of the reason why some training programs include less deadlifting volume.
&gt;Women want to feel protected by their man and a man being emotional is considered weak by women. Women think they want their man to be emotional with them but in real life most of them are turned off by it. I'm sorry to hear about your experiences, but in general this is not true. What they don't want it someone emotional unstable, the same way you wouldn't. If my partner is having a terrible time, I want to know and be able to provide comfort. If they're always having a breakdown then it becomes exhausting and it indicates they're not emotionally mature enough for a relationship. EDIT - after reading your comment below ["I prefer a fling of three months or less."](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/en5p74/car_problems/fdw2dhl/), I'm willing to bet the problem is you, not them.
&gt; It is. Women don't want a weak man and if a man shows his feeling or his vulnerability to a woman then the woman is turned off. This isn't a unique experience for me and it happens to most men. Nope. You just surround yourself with shallow people by the sounds of it. Your personal experiences with women are a situation of your own creation. Stick your Jordan Peterson bullshit elsewhere. &gt;Nah, I have lived long enough to know myself and what I like and dislike. I don't like a long term relationships and I like meeting new people. If that bothers you then that says more about you than me. I couldn't care less about what you want out of a relationship and think people should do whatever makes them happy as long as all parties are in on it. But you've conveniently reinforced my point in your response. You live in a teeny tiny little world and reduced an entire group of people into a stereotype that helps you cope with your own shortcomings. Says a lot about you, don't you think? You reap what you sow.
That was an awesome read. Can you be my boss?
&gt; 80V drop I assume you meant 80 mV. 80 volts would be... interesting
I just got the 530 - I think the buttons are great, easy to press with a noticeable tactile pop.
Yup. [See this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/eo98ot/no_i_was_not_aware_steveo_was_the_host_of_the/feb5u9e/). [Steve-O says he was fired after expressing concerns for the welfare of the animals on the show.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_Karaoke)
This is kind of contentious and it's not that straightforward. The main difference was that the older English accents were mostly rhotic (think clear/hard Rs at the end of the word), but after colonisation of the Americas, England mostly shifted to the received pronunciation non-rhotic accent (think soft Rs). [Here's the sound](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQNjgVfiJ_o). It's also why areas that had more continued trade with England in the NE shifted to a non-rhotic accent - think Boston or New York. But to say a modern American accent is more like an older British accent isn't necessarily true, as there is a lot more to distinguishing the accents than rhoticity. For example, think of Irish accents - very clearly different than the American or English accent, but is distinctly rhotic.
&gt; Everything there now is replanted forest. Not completely true. In parts of the park that are spruce dominated, planting can occur. And some pine planting has occurred in the southern portion of the park. But in general, most of the hardwood regrowth is from natural regeneration. This is typical of how most northern hardwood forests are managed on crown land in Ontario; harvested using single tree selection or shelterwood harvesting methods, with the aim being to promote diversity in natural regeneration and removal of diseased trees. It's not a natural process of course, but it does aggrade forests. It is definitely true that there isn't much old growth left there. In fact, very little old growth northern hardwoods exist throughout most of their range (&lt;4% of previous coverage). &gt;This paper on Algonquin management essentially argues that there's practically no remaining trees over 200 years old, and few stands of 150 years. https://environment.geog.ubc.ca/logging-of-algonquin-provincial-park/ Did you link the wrong article? It doesn't mentioned anything about the age of trees in that one.
&gt;Lots of forest companies in Canada clearcut and pretty much nuke the forest BC has it's share of mismanagement, historical and ongoing. 500+ year old forests razed to the ground without due consideration to the ecosystems and communities of people (largely first nations) within and around them. However, you can't compare all forestry in Canada the same way. There are a lot of different forest types and they are managed differently. For example, boreal spruce and aspen is clearcut, for two reasons: 1) because it wouldn't generally be economically feasible otherwise, 2) the forest will not regenerate properly. These types of forest are even-aged when mature and do not live long before being burned and regrown (fire cycles range, 25-200 years, shorter in the south and west and longer in the north and east). Trying to harvest them in a less intensive manner just leads to die-back and poor quality wood in mature trees mixed with poorly growing regeneration that can't thrive under the low-light conditions. So in the case of boreal, clearcutting makes more sense both economically and ecologically. It's not without issues, but when done with a solid management plan that protects riparian and other sensitive areas it is much less problematic than it appears at a glance.
&gt; all... 4 billion? of those trees were cut down and replanted? No. Most of the trees have naturally regenerated. But vast portions of the park have indeed been harvested. Definitely not the whole park though.
It makes sense though. The capillary network in your skin functions like a radiator. When you're losing a lot of heat, the body reduces capillary blood flow to the extremities in order to reduce heat loss and keep vital organs functioning. If you've ever had very cold hands/limbs for an extended duration then quickly heated them up under warm water, it causes a painful burning sensation as the capillaries begin to flood with blood. When people reach near terminal hypothermia, the body last ditch response is to push the blood back out of the core to the extremities, possibly as a way to encourage a more aggressive search for relief. Instead, you experience extreme pain as the capillaries become flush with blood and your highly-sensitised nerve endings become overloaded. Now, imagine being in a state of terrible confusion due to hypothermia and near-death when this happens - your primitive brain responds to the pain, possibly thinking you're on fire/overheating, and the mere feel of clothing on your skin is agony. In response, you shed anything you're wearing, and quickly perish.
&gt; Were gonna be the coldest place on earth for a week. It's been super cold in much of Canada recently, and [Environment Canada is predicting a low of -35 tonight for Edmonton with highs of -33 warming to -4 by the end of the week and lows increasing from -33 to -7 by the end of the week](https://weather.gc.ca/city/pages/ab-50_metric_e.html). In Yellowknife, [tonight it will drop to -40 and warm to -23 by the end of the week ](https://weather.gc.ca/city/pages/nt-24_metric_e.html). Bastard cold, but a lot better than -35 to -41 all week, and definitely not the "coldest place on earth". In the city of Oymyakon, Siberia, [temperatures are ranging from -36 C to -44 all week - including the daytime highs](https://www.accuweather.com/en/ru/oymyakon/571464/daily-weather-forecast/571464), notably colder.
The murder becomes a sex crime.
Chlorine in proper concentrations isn't harmful to human or cat.
Just wanted to respond back that I've been taking 200-300 mg per day and it's been helping noticeably. It's not a potent mood stabiliser or anything but it's helped me keep my cool and feel more easy going under stress. Thanks again for the original post reporting your use and followups.
The brain is a complex network of many parts that have diferent functions. Higher conscious thinking comes from the forebrain, while our more base instincts come from the hindbrain. When you're suffering severe hypothermia and in survival mode, you are barely conscious, so the hindbrain is likely making most of the decisions without your conscious input. If you were to try and speak to someone in that state they would be incomprehensible and unaware of their situation. Unfortunately, once someone has reached that state the chances of survival are low even if advanced medical care was available.
I would definitely not call that dense material. If anything it's written about perfectly for an encyclopedia. Many science entries are far, far more complicated - often too much so for what is meant as a lay-audience.
No. Lesotho is it's own country. It's not part of South Africa. Swaziland is also it's own country. Both are in the *southern* part of the African continent. Neither are a part of South Africa, the country. The problem is the term "South Africa" being being used a region, when it is both grammatically incorrect and misleading. If referring to being part of the southern continent, either "the south of Africa" or "southern Africa" are appropriate.
Yeah I'm just being needlessly pedantic. Sorry about that.
(After use only. Levels may vary. See your dealer for more information)
It's good to tell the kid that just because they love skirts and pink that doesn't necessarily mean they're a girl. But this is an equally poor response. It gender labels implicitly by saying "my dude" and "brother" to the kid. Why not just leave gender out of it entirely if the kid seems to be questioning it? Just say something like "Boys can like pink and skirts too. You might be a boy, or maybe a girl, either is fine with us. Wear whatever colour and style you like."
&gt;You can't exactly only design for the elite when you're making a product that is supposed to be played by anyone. In most cases, monitors are good enough. It's the cheap end of things where it looks worse. Otherwise, it's mostly just people setting their monitors brighter than necessary. &gt;In other words, they're not doing their job? Their job is to make it look good. They're doing that. It's not up to them to guess how over-bright everyone sets their monitors. In most cases it's people thinking they need to see every pixel clearly and brighter=better. If that's how you prefer/need it then that's fine of course, but it certainly doesn't look pleasing to most. Should studios adjust movie/shows brightness for people with poorly setup TVs too? To be honest, they do to an extent, same as for games. At a certain point you need to balance pragmatic usage and artist direction. I've found very few games that were unplayable at recommended brightness settings provided that the monitor contrast was set up properly. If you haven't, I'd strongly suggest using a [website like this](http://www.lagom.nl/lcd-test/black.php) to help adjust your contrast and brightness settings. Start with adjusting your monitor itself, then consider changing windows display calibration settings to tweak it a little further. It's definitely helped me reduce necessary brightness to see things in games.
Jeez why are you being downvoted. This is good advice. Trying to find a 32" 4K monitor for under $200 means buying off-label brands that have much higher rates of problems and lower quality panels.
&gt; It's sad when people make jokes like this because all it does is sow distrust and paranoia between couples. If that's the reaction you get from this joke then your relationship is already in a bad place. A good relationship allows for sordid humour.
Unless you live in the Pleistocene, for every C atom in your body many more were released from fossil fuels to bring that food to your table. A better way to reduce your carbon footprint is to not get fat in the first place from eating too much.
Disagree - zero is a very meaningful value here, so clearly distinguishing it from all other values is important.
No, I think you should stick with the darker colour, or at least something strongly distinguishable from all others. Zero is a very meaningful number here and needs to stand out. Nice figure.
They're most skittish, but males in rut in the autumn and as you noted cows with calves can be aggressive.
&gt; no, you can't catch hepatitis like this. You can definitely get hepatitis A like this. But it's not seen as a sexually transmitted disease, more of a general contact based disease.
Only issue I've had with ram has been with brand name stuff - 2 sticks of Crucial Ballistix both failed within months of installation. Had them replaced under warranty then those failed again too in a few more months. Had a stick of corsair fail in a laptop too.
This is a very cool shot, thanks for sharing.
The title is too generalised, but the context is meant to imply the kind of straight guy who who say that, not all straight guys. Personally, I'll hang out for a beer at the local gay bar sometimes just to enjoy the odd wink at me.
It's not. At least not any more than regular lifting as long as you're training appropriately. The whole basis for lifting is doing so within the constraints of your body and physics. That means maintaining proper form for safe lifting and not attempting to grossly exceed your limits. In this case, her limits are now extended to balancing the weight with one arm while having the strength of a full-core and lower chain (feet/legs/gluteus). As long as she trains smart, it's no more dangerous than lifting in general.
This is essentially a frequency distribution of sorts. Shows an effectively normal distribution. However, it's not helpful as such because it doesn't show a single variable. It represents many different paper shapes. We'd need to see a similar image for each shape.
This is fun, but I'm struggling to understand how this made Nature.
&gt; They may have just forgotten, my parents are like this as well Sounds much more likely that OP has a false memory than his entire family forgot about this scoundrel.
Ugh. I have a feeling that these flags on my trail have come from pedestrians on these segments since it's a shared walking/cycling path. While I appreciate that sometimes cyclists may be too aggressive at times in these areas that's definitely not been my experience here. Simply ridiculous that there is no redress in these instances.
TIL 50° can be considered "cold".
&gt; It’s cold here Straight up - unless you live on top of a mountain, no, it isn't cold there.
I'm not that invested to be honest. Mostly frustrated with the ridiculousness of a system that allows anyone to shut down segments without cause or evidence.
It all depends on your sitting distance. Im around 24-30 inches from my dual 4K and 1440p 27" monitors and 4k looks noticeably more crisp. Probably 32" is the sweets spot for a 4k desk monitor in terms of maximising benefits of 4k but 27" certainly benefits from it vs 1440p.
I haven't had any issues with my Vega 56 and the latest drivers, but it seems the 5700 series are hurting with it.
There's resistance because people want to walk up it. Few escalators in Toronto are long enough to encourage most people to stand instead of walk. If half the people are standing and the other half are walking, it moves more people than with everyone standing.
This isn't an AMD specific question.
500 W is more than enough.
Hardwood comes from broadleaf trees - could be deciduous (maple, oak, beech, ash, and pecan) or evergreen sub/tropical (teak, acacia, are the most commonly used for flooring. Teak, walnut, and cherry are particularly nice but quite expensive. The density/hardness varies, but maple is considered the gold standard for hard and durable wood. Softwood is generally conifer - think spruce, pine, cedar, or fir. While some softwood can be relatively hard, they're generally much softer than deciduous trees. There are broadleaf trees with very soft wood too, like poplar, but these are usually not used for flooring when used in home furnishing. The main differences will be in wear and grain patterns. Hardwoods will definitely resist wear much better. Try and press your fingernail into a piece of maple. You can't. Try with pine - it's easy. Softwood tends to have large and distinct grains that are less nuanced then deciduous hardwoods like maple and oak. Personally I quite like the look of pine but it will scuff much more easily as flooring. These days polyurethane coats are well-engineered to better protect softwood, and due to a glut of softwood on the market these days it can make an affordable flooring choice. Hardwoods are much more expensive, and often come as a thin veneer over pressed-wood, which means once it wears out it might not be able to survive a refinishing. &gt;Do softer woods muffle the sound of footsteps better or worse? Probably a little - somewhat like the difference between asphalt and concrete - but well-laid flooring shouldn't be noisy unless you're wearing hard soled shoes in the house.
No worries, just wanted to clarify. It's a nice floor made even nicer by your hard work! It's a big job and you did it very well.
The device claims 0.2% accuracy but this will vary along the scale of measurement. It's not meant to measure power at less than 1W, so accuracy on that end is probably pretty poor. You'd need a more precise device to get reasonable measurements in the 10-100s of milliwatts.
Works great for me. Made skyrim a whole new game for me.
It's working for me just fine with steam games. Not all games benefit the same from it.
&gt; More environmentally friendly. (As it grows faster, and thus can be replaced easier) I wouldn't say that. In many places, pine is grown much like a crop - monoculture genetic clones doused with fertiliser and the soil treated with herbicides and pesticides. There is a lot of concern runoff of these chemicals into waterways - there is often less oversight than for agricultural lands - and pine plantations are not considered well-balanced ecosystems. Furthermore, high frequency clear-cutting of pine leads to soil degradation and erosion. Pine can also be harvested in partial-harvesting systems that reduce some or most of these concerns though. Hardwoods on the other hand are often managed using partial harvesting methods (selection system harvesting, shelterwood) that reduces impacts on soils and promotes a more mixed and balanced ecosystem. But certainly not always - clearcutting of hardwoods is not unknown and some land owners are just looking to make a quick buck rather than manage for long-term biomass yields. In the end it comes down to how the stewards of region manage their forest. I speak to this as a someone with a professional background in forest soils, ecology, and forestry. Unless we have specific information about where it comes from, I think it's just fair to leave the environmental aspect out of the decision.
I agree, this is one of the nicer pictures I've seen here, period. Well done.
I want you to know that although I disagree with the statement: &gt;"I'm all for concealed carry, as it makes everyone safer" I upvoted you anyway because I agree with your overall perspective and reasonable approach. Not saying this to try and get into a discussion about it, as it seems you're the kind of person who's arrived at this conclusion via some significant consideration. I just wanted you to know that people like myself who generally are not in agreement with carrying firearms for protection are grateful that there are considerate and thoughtful people such as yourself who do carry. If everyone who carried was like you I'd have far fewer concerns.
Agreed. Concerns over parasitic drain are not generally as bad as people fear. While we should be conserving energy in all instances, you'd probably save more power by cutting your shower time by 30 seconds daily (assuming electric water heater) and definitely by air drying some of your laundry.
Damn, that was well-played.
&gt; Must be a cultural thing I don't understand Where do you live, Antarctica? I've yet to live somewhere that people don't regularly blow through crosswalks. Though I have to say, Florida might be the worst so far.
&gt;It might not be intended to be intimidating Oh make no mistake, it definitely is. It's meant to intimidate government. It's meant to intimidate non-gun owners. And it's meant to intimidate anyone and everyone that isn't part of their tribe; and even some that are.
&gt; props to good parents who prioritize their family. Kinda rare nowadays b/w all the drugs, ignorance, and broken families. Most parents are good, most people are not addicted to drugs, and divorce doesn't inherently mean a bad family situation. You're really describing a minority situation here.
This is not so cut and dry. There is no scientific consensus on whether mature forests sequester as much or more carbon than younger ones. Younger, faster growing forests are thought to be better wood biomass carbon sinks. However, slower growing older forests may be more effective as soil carbon sinks.
I'm speaking about the trees within the forest specifically. And to be clear, I'm talking about rates of C accumulation as woody biomass, not total C stored in the ecosystem which is undoubtedly higher in old-growth forests. Most long-lived trees continue to grow past 150 years, some species more than others, but the rate of growth generally slows relative to early days. Or at least that's been conventional wisdom on the matter. Problematically, there isn't a lot of old growth forest left in many places to really determine this. And it's only relevant to areas that actually develop true old-growth forest, such as west coast temperate rain forests and eastern deciduous forests. In the boreal/taiga zones of North America and Siberia - the largest forest zone in the world - forests are fire adapted and tend to burn every 25-200 years, so it's difficult to find very old forest. I'm very familiarwith tropical forests, but certainly rain forests can host some very old trees.
&gt; If Nvidia can release a new architecture with little to no driver problems, so should AMD. If you think NIVIDA doesn't have driver problems then I'd suggest visiting their online forums and listen to the griping. There are definitely some weird quirks going on with the latest radeon drivers and the 5700 series, but most users do not seem to be affected.
Nothing is truly future-proof of course, which is why I put it in quotes. But increases to performance above the 3600 are minimal relative to cost. They increased their performance by 10-15% for each CPU jump, spending $200-300 each time. The 3800x has maybe 10% better single-core performance for $200 more than the 3600. The 3950x is 15% faster for $550 more. Unless you're doing some heavy-duty stuff requiring more cores there is not real value in spending that much right now. Intel offerings are comparable, maybe slightly better IPC but even more expensive. So clearly they're not under-spending on their CPU - they'd spend relatively more buying a top-end CPU now then to switch to another upper-mid tier CPU two years down the road while not missing out in the mean time.
Hard to say, there are no hard rules when it comes to interbreeding between species. Plenty of birds can inter-breed with similar species.
This is a total strawman comment. I'll bet you don't even know any vegans let alone heard any one them exclaim that it tastes disgusting. You've channeled your unrelated anger into a boogyman that you're now using to try "defeat" in a clearly futile attempt to empower yourself. &gt;I don't get it I suspect you use that phrase a lot in life.
&gt; Do the flavor substitutes use animal products to get the flavor of the animal that vegans supposedly don't want to eat? No - that would clearly defeat the purpose. Mostly meat flavouring substitutions are based on enhancing savoury glutamate flavours in foods, such as yeast extracts, fermented soy, sodium glutamate, etc. &gt;They don't want to eat animals, but like the flavor of animals? Exactly. Many vegans/vegetarians started as omnivores but decided to no longer eat meat for ethical reasons, not for taste. So it's not uncommon for them enjoy the taste of meat and therefore look for things that taste similar.
Florida panther is considered sub-species of other cougars, not a separate species.
&gt; Isn’t the generally accepted definitions of distinct species the ability to breed and produce fertile offspring, not just the ability to breed? Although that is often the case, it really depends on the species. There are no one set of rules to define all species and there are plenty of examples of different animal and plant species that can interbreed with other similar species. Defining different species can be a somewhat subjective affair and often contentious amongst biologists.
Why would you assume the two species have a different number of chromosomes?
A good summary but GTG and BTB rates are definitely faster for TN in general than IPS. However, good IPS monitors are close enough that people won't really notice.
Regardless of whether the technology is a factor in why, TN screens have on average lower response times. Your link very nicely supports my original assertion: &gt;GTG and BTB rates are definitely faster for TN **in general** than IPS with IPS screens averaging 5.1/13.1 ms and TN averaging 2.8/8.8 ms GTG/BTB.
[Cordless screwdrivers are a thing](https://www.homedepot.com/p/DEWALT-8-Volt-MAX-Lithium-Ion-1-4-in-Hex-Cordless-Gyroscopic-Screwdriver-with-Battery-1Ah-1-Hour-Charger-DCF682N1/205926188), but they're low power and definitely not what's driving this car.
While this mentality is much more prevalent in many developing nations, like China, it's much more common in western nations then you're giving credit to.
Yes, but those are not advertised as meatless alternatives and probably wouldn't be used to make vegetarian-friendly foods. Or if it was, it would probably be illegal because they're required by law in many if not most places to reveal all ingredients.
The innolux panel is fine - it's gorgeous actually. It's the shitty firmware found on early models of the VG271UP that is the issue. I have this monitor with the original firmware (which cannot be updated by users) and will be making a warranty claim on it soon.
They manage the "1 ms" claim by using a specific strobing mode. This also reduces the brightness immensely and turns off freesync, making it pointless for gaming.
No it's covered under ebay's policies.
When the hell did that happen?! That's a huge drop
Actually it might be the innolux. Early VG270 was AUO but later ones shipped with innolux. Not sure if it stayed that way
I paid $85 in fall 2018 as well.
My mother used to do the same but eventually realised it was because her caffeine addiction would wake her at night as withdrawal kicked in. She reduced it to one.cup per day in the morning and now sleeps better.
There's absolutely no way the cops wouldnt force entry if they had good reason to think there was a body inside.
&gt; even though it's like $20 more It's not. The 3800x MSRP is $399, while the 3700X is $329. In practice, they're usually $40-50 apart. No where near $20.
You are grossly missing the point of the comment. /u/yoberf made it abundantly clear they're talking about using specific and exclusive metrics for the comparison.
&gt; She didn’t have social anxiety so much as she was shy. These are not necessarily the exact same but are definitely related things. Being shy means not being confident about yourself around others. Social anxiety is the fear and anxiety of being negatively judged and evaluated by other people. Your mom had/has social anxiety.
For sure. I'm not trying to be pedantic here, but all these conditions seem to happen for these CPUs when on sale. It's likely we'll see a similar 3700x sale happen soonish at $300 or less plus games. As tempting as these are on sale, I think I'm going to wait for the 4xxx series of AMD to come out at this point and either by an even cheaper 3700x or jump on a 4700x. My i5-7600 is still has a good single core performance, maybe 15-20% less than the 3700x, but is definitely becoming limited by 4/4 cores/threads.
Good to know, I want to pick that game up for sure. It's weird, they must have patched up TW3 recently for &gt;4 cores because I never used to notice performance lagging in Beauclair but for the past while I've seen GPU use (Vega 56) drop to 80% when in big cities while CPU use is 95-100%. My FPS is lower than it used to be in those areas.
&gt; Usually in more of the hipster areas. That covers at least 50% of Toronto these days so options should be plentiful!
Their Vega card was a disgrace, only topped by their callous customer service and refusal to acknowledge a massive problem. It may have been fixed with a late BIOS update. However, their 5700 is considered top notch.
Impressive. What was your humidity solution BTW?
They can, but there has been a strong association found between children who have not been exposed to peanuts at a young age the the likelihood of developing allergies to peanuts later on.
While the Dell is great for a TN, the Acer is much nicer. It's a gorgeous screen, but the flicker issue is a real thing.
&gt; worse IPS glow My VG271UP has very little glow and a uniform screen. Brightness isn't an issue, I keep mine at 10/50 for the most part. But I have flickering problems. It was one of the early batches.
Heh perhaps but it's a not uncommon problem. Garlic infused oils are popular and sometimes created by simply popping cloves of garlic in oil. However, this can become a source of botulism. The oil provides an ideal environment to breed clostridium bacteria - low-oxygen, source of organic material (garlic), and insufficient acidity (pH needs to be &lt;5.5).
That doesnt sound like the same flicker issue others are having and probably unrelated to the monitor. The flicker for most appears as a very brief flash of a black or white line or box running vertically independent of GPU activity
The flicker for most appears as a very brief flash of a black or white line or box running vertically independent of GPU activity. It might occur once an hour or once a minute, comes and goes. Its unrelated to gpu, port, or cable. Some people find using 120hz helps minimize the problem, others do not, including myself. It happens even at 60 hz for me. Its not a huge deal but it is an unacceptable defect that acer refuses to acknowledge.
Lowering the refresh rates doesn't help in my experience. It happens even T 60 hz for me.
That sounds awful, I'm very sorry to hear that. Where did you end up if you don't mind me asking. I actually know several people from Iran who left for Canada. Most don't talk about it.
Yeah I've never had similar monitor problems with any of the 5 other LCD monitors I've owned or countless other work monitors I've used. There is definitely something wrong with these, and while the issues are minor, not worth the budget price IMO. I don't hate my monitor, but I do regret purchasing it.
Nowhere did I claim it broke any rules. People seemed to think it was real based on many comments, so I'm informing people so they don't get the wrong impression.
Whoah! That's quite the setup. I'm all about DIY and innovative solutions, so kudos to you.
I don't think there's anything wrong with it - in fact, it looks cool. But it needs to be stipulated that this is not a real image. It would also be nice to see the original producer credited, including the person who shopped it which is obviously not OP.
No, the innolux panel is definitely nicer. I've owned both.
Remove the horrible stand and mount on an arm and it looks like a business monitor.
&gt; Citation please This might be one of the most aggressively passive-aggressive statements used on reddit. While I think it's reasonable to ask for evidence, this isn't a peer-reviewed publication or even /r/science. It's pretty easy to use google to find this information for yourself.
&gt; However the amount of "feminists" I see ranting that their husband didn't do all the housework because "women shouldn't have to" drives me insane And I've never seen a single one. While I'm sure there are a few people like this out there, this is largely a straw-figure. No real feminist is claiming that men need to be put "in second place".
&gt; I see it a lot, you obviously don't, that doesn't mean the problem doesn't exist And that also doesn't mean the problem is widespread, which is what you're implying. People tend to over-generalise based on a handful of examples, sometimes to terrible ends. Not saying you necessarily do, but it is a common tactic for people to justify terrible POV by cherry-picking things that confirm their fears ("Black man/immigrant/gay/trans person/etc arrested for &lt;blank. crime in my city, therefore these people are inherently bad"). I'm calling it out, because it's a logical fallacy.
It does have a backlit keyboard https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/laptops/thinkpad/thinkbook-series/Lenovo-ThinkBook-13s-IWL/p/88LG8TB1310?
It is not. If you had flicking associated with your DP cable it was just your cable. Tons of other reviews where people swapped cables and the problem persists. Ive tried 4 different DP cables and 3 different HDMI cables on 3 different computers. Same peoblem
No. The 270 came first originally shipped with the older AUO panel. then the 271 came out shortly afterwards with the innolux. The 270 eventually moved to the innolux panel as well.
Newegg doesn't tell you the panel type nor when the models were introduced. They often put up a page for a product they've yet to receive. There are many people across the net reporting their VG270UP contains the innolux panel (easy to check by entering the service menu). https://www.displayspecifications.com/en/model/a95114cb https://www.reddit.com/r/Monitors/comments/aok6ir/my_review_of_the_acer_nitro_vg270up_innolux/ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtoHR5FMREQ Plenty more out there. The same innolux panel is used in many monitors; 3 Acers (VG271UP, XV272U, and at least at some point the VG270UP) and the Gigabyte AD27QD. Owners of both the VG270UP and VG271UP have reported flicker issues, but it mostly seems that the VG271UP is the main culprit. I've read accounts from the Acer support forums that it is a firmware related issue but have also heard it might be a panel issue. Either way, people with newer monitors are still reporting flickering. It's a god-awful mess and this is the last time I give Acer my money for anything, they won't even acknowledge the problem.
Yes. Bear in mind that number assumes all things will pull maximum power at the same time, which realistically isn't the case unless you're running stress tests. The 2070 super pulls about 230 peak W, the 3800x at PBO around 95, your MOBO will draw another 100 W and accessories ram etc around another 50. So your max peak draw would be around 475 W. Realistically, it will probably pull around 300 W depending on the MOBO/Ram etc. You can make it work, but it would be a not bad idea to keep an eye our for something bigger going forward if you wanted to start playing around with your system.
Unfortunately PSUs have really skyrocketed since Trump put tariffs on Chinese built goods, as many of the components come from China. I bought mine last spring before the first round of tariffs and they seemed to be on sale all the time. I really didn't need it, my previous 650 W was fine but basic. But now I have two PSUs and I'm going to use the older one to build a desktop for my GF.
The difference in leg space is negligible - those chairs barely move an inch. And if you're reclined your leg angle changes, you can extend your legs further forward, meaning you can make do with less space. It's the whole reason why the auto industry moved to a "cab-forward-design" in the 90s.
I haven't been looking so I can't really say where the market it right now. I'd stay with gold rated and you can't really go wrong with EVGA, but there are lots of other reputable options. I'd also suggest checking out this website Pretty much the best on the net. https://www.jonnyguru.com/blog/category/reviews/power-supplies/
That's a [possum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_brushtail_possum), not opossum. So probably Australia, where they are native, or possibly New Zealand, where they've been introduced.
Depends on the game Nd the gamer. Im into RPGs and will always take a higher res/quality over frame rates as long as i cam get 60 fps.
How is this a *woosh*? It's obviously a joke, but kind of a silly one since it's a medium-sized city.
&gt; even serial killers in Canada are polite, they don't even kill you If only that was true. Some notorious examples: [Paul Bernardo and his wife kidnapped, raped, and murdered 3 women, including his wife's sister](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Bernardo) Even worse - [Robert Pickton was convicted of murdering 11 women and admitted to killing 49. He dismembered the bodies and fed them to pigs on his farm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Pickton)
Too little foreplay for that to work here. You need to draw people in a little first. Easy to see what's coming in one sentence.
L will be snug. I'm 5'8" 180 lbs and found a large a good fit that allowed layering (e.g. heavy fleece) beneath while a medium was a snugger fit.
Same here man. I've been an avid roadie for a few years but glad I've broadened my horizons.
I love mine. I'm pretty inexperienced, but it feels much more capable than the hardtail I was riding before on technical trails. Unless you're highly experienced with full suspension I sincerely doubt you'll find it less than fulfilling.
The main issue is that the rear wheel doesn't always align perfectly when the wheel is removed/reinserted, which can lead to brake disc rubbing. Usually this just means being careful when inserting to make certain it lines up well. Otherwise the thru-axle design is stiffer and more robust. QR is fine, until recently even high end bikes came with it.
It's a good bike that's received a lot of praise. Especially given the lack of availability of many bikes right now I pulled the trigger on one myself.
That link in no way supports that assertion. What it demonstrates is that the virus more effectively infects and reproduces in cultured epithelial cells from mice at temperatures typically found in the cooler nasal cavities (33-35 C) than at typical body core temperature (37 C), explaining in part the preference for that location of infection. It neither shows that tissue temperatures &lt;33 C further improve replication, nor does it show that cooler air temperatures affect nasal cavity temperatures in a way that maintains the preferred temperature range of 33-35 C. EDIT - grammar
That's a classic example of a media release completely distorting the study findings. No where in the original study does it support that conclusion. As I stated in another comment: &gt; What it demonstrates is that the virus more effectively infects and reproduces cultured epithelial cells from mice better at temperatures typically found in the cooler nasal cavities (33-35 C) than at typical body core temperature (37 C), explaining in part the preference for that location of infection. It neither shows that tissue temperatures &lt;33 C further improve replication, nor does it show that cooler air temperatures affect nasal cavity temperatures in a way that maintains the preferred temperature range of 33-35 C.
&gt; The whole concept of "the cold" coming from being cold...yeah, viruses are more dangerous in the winter. **Period**. You seem so certain about this. Based on what? The cold does not make viruses "more dangerous". The only real link is that people are more likely to spend time indoors when it's cold, increasing the likelihood of contracting illness. That and schools are in session during fall/winter/spring and kids are notorious vectors for colds, and are therefore more likely to transfer it amongst each other and to their families.
Ok cool, sorry to harp on the point. I think it's just the wording in combination with the number of people in this thread who keep mis-stating that the cold (virus) is somehow directly linked to it being cold. Didn't mean to project that on you.
Nice job!!
No worries, I don't know either. I'm not saying that I don't think it could be a factor at all. I was just saying that source doesn't support the notion that cold exposure may increase the likelihood of infection. It does offer some grounds to test that though.
Nice bike with good components. However, be certain the geometry is for you. It's an XC bike, so a steeper headtube angle.
&gt; for giant i think their value is a bit lower now for their price That's really the opposite of what Giant typically offers - better value for the price by using in-house branded parts rather than big names. And most of those parts are still produced by the bigger names. Meanwhile, Trek and some other big market names sell typically above the pricepoint for their components.
&gt;I wish you guys could really see how shit the selection is in Canada lol. It's not, you're just not looking in the right places. Are you living in a small community? Go to a bigger centre and visit the local bikes stores instead of the big-box places. The prices are better than you think and you will get after sales service, typically 1 year of free tune-ups and a basic fitting and sometimes a lifetime of free or discounted tuneups. Honestly the prices for those lower-end GT bikes at Dicks are no better than the price at the LBS for a good hardtail.
&gt; but I also figured that upgrading components is WAY cheaper than upgrading an entire frame from hardtail to full suspension But if the full suspension frame isn't great to begin with then it's not really worth it at all. I don't know the specifics on this frame, but unless it's also used on higher end versions of the bike that are well-rated (and I don't think it is) I'd be cautious. From a casual look, I'd say don't waste your money. Especially if the trails there don't demand it. Get a better hardtail and consider a full sus later if you end up moving and needing one. The talon 3 is a slightly better equipped bike for the money suspension (better front fork) and braking (hydraulic). Save the difference for upgrading components later if you want, or keep saving for that really nice full sus. &gt;The thing I'm learning about where I live is that there are for some reason a fucking TON of high-end bikes and components but almost no entry level stuff It's all sold out probably. Bike sales have been going through the roof this year and availability has been limited due to reduced production from COVID. Getting a good bike in the price range is going to be difficult. if you're set on a new bike you might need to either up your budget or compromise. That, and it might be the population generally falls into two categories - people who want a bike but don't really ride, and high-level enthusiasts. Makes sense if there are not a lot of local trails. Also, as I noted, it sounds like you're mostly looking at big-box stuff (GT), although the talon 3 must be through an LBS. Have you been to all the local LBS? Check them out, or call up the LBSs in a nearby city. Good luck!
There are dozens if not 100+ bike stores in Toronto. If you can't find a good bike in your price range there you probably can't find one anywhere at this time. It sucks, but you might need to keep using your current bike until availability improves later this year or next year.
Spec-wise the lava dome falls between the Talon 2 and 3 so I'd lean to the Kona on paper alone. But I'd suggest riding both and seeing which you prefer. And if you can, I'd suggest trying to go up one version of the bikes to deore chainset and better forks. The Talon 1 is a good value with the 1x12 SRAM SX groupset. It will notably improve the bike performance and cost much less than trying to replace parts or a whole bike later. I understand they might not be available though. Worth hunting for IMO. Otherwise, I'd focus on saving more to increase your budget to get something you won't want to upgrade/replace in a year or two.
You're right - the Alpha actually has slightly shorter sleeves - there is more of a bend in the elbow than for the beta, so the sleeves down extend as far down on my hands. Functionally the alpha AR sleeves are about 1-2 cm shorter than the Beta AR for me.
You can, but even at 50% off that is several thousand dollars worth of gear sitting there.
Just ask the questions you want answered.
Maybe but it's difficult to tell from this video, especially without knowing the location. We'd need to see it standing and look for a hump and/or a closer look at its claws. If it's a black bear that's a huge one.
Depends on your goals I suppose. A full-suspension will go a long way to improving your ride even where it's not jarring though. Either way, I don't see the components of the DL providing a substantial improvement over the regular Big honzo.
On closer inspection the ears definitely look like a black bear. The snout is more ambiguous, especially in this blurry video, but I agree, it's most likely a black bear.
It's not like black people don't burn either, or suffer heat exhaustion. Avoiding prolonged periods in the sun is typical for most people across the globe. In paleolithic times, people would probably hunt more often during cooler times of day.
I'll take a bloody shin over a broken limb.
&gt; Sram SX 1x12 is garbage Based on what? Mine shifts butter smooth, almost as good as my shimano 105 groupset on my road bike. And 12 gears from 11-50 make a bigger difference then you think - much better spacing between gears means smoother riding. Yeah, components are probably a bit less durable, but rear derailleurs can be are pretty much disposable in this sport where they get bent or torn off on the regular. If I already had a 10 speed I wouldn't upgrade, but I wouldn't buy a new bike without a 1x12 spd these days unless budget prohibits it.
It's the same frame, don't they both have the thru-axle?
Almost definitely a seatpost creak as noted by others. I've had this happen with both my giants. Grease the post and tighten it to spec.
&gt;So you’re telling me you shift one gear at a time on a trail? Yup. And if I want to shift more, I just do it. Super easy. &gt;11-46 is more than enough, if it isn’t get in better shape. I'm in fantastic shape, thanks, and grateful for my 50 tooth for those steep climbs. &gt;Sx is garbage. Shimano fanboi here I assume. Just because you keep repeating something that won't make it true. Put up or shut up.
Must be interchangeable at least then. I'd imagine the cost to make a whole different frame would be a lot more than using thru-axles on all models.
No one swears better than an Aussie. Great vid and riding, sorry about your frame.
Not a small chunk of cash but could've been a lot worse!
&gt; Not sure what happened to all their enthusiasm for protesting, but somewhere along the way they morphed in the Faux News loving, maga hat wearing, war-mongering generation running things today. Do you really think those protestors are the same people?! Come on, the majority of students did not protest and most of the young adults of that era did not attend college. Many of those are the MAGA people.
Probably due to the significant overlap in Bird Law.
You don't need to have any particular intelligence to simply memorise something. You need intelligence to understand it. Many parrots are very intelligent, but simply memorising and repeating phrases is not a sign of cleverness. Learning to repeat the word/phrase to effect a response/action is a sign of intelligence.
Why do people keep mistakenly attributing lack of voter turnout to simply "apathy"? Between gerrymandering of districts to ensure outcomes and voter suppression efforts that include robocalls with false voting station/date info, last-minute changes to voting ID requirements, inability to take the time off from work, and candidates that don't resonate with large portions of the population from a silly two-party system, it's no wonder people don't vote in higher numbers. They've been deliberately disconnected from the process.
&gt; Again most likely 30 to 50 to setup tubeless. My local shops are asking for 80-$100 USD!
I recall at least one reviewer commenting that the cockpit of the TJ felt tight for him - he was 5'10" and riding a medium and said he would consider buying the large.
We owe a debt to frontline workers like George Clinton and Bootsy Collins. Ever since Parliament broke up high quality funk has become a scarce resource.
&gt; I've eaten about 4g at one time and, while there's a profound psychoactive effect, I've never experienced anything that I could even imagine turning into a hallucinogenic "bad trip. That can *easily* be enough for an intensely hallucinogenic trip. Even 2 g can produce an intense trip. There is a lot of variability in Psilocybin content and personal sensitivity to the effects.
You're kidding, right? 2 g isn't "microdosing". 7 g is a heavy dose, and 14 g is a **lot**. Are you taking them frequently? Tolerance builds up very quickly to tryptamines like psilocybin and LSD, so short interval dosing will lead to much lower sensitivity. Either that or your supply might have a low concentration of psilocybin. Microdosing is roughly taking 1/10-1/20th of a recreational dose. For shrooms, that would be on the order of 0.1-0.5 g. Again, dependent on the shrooms and person as psilocybin content and and individual tolerance varies.
And that's USD too. Last place I was at they did it for $50 including tape, valves, sealant, and labour.
Of course they don't. And neither do a lot of the hippy boomers, nor will a lot of millennials in time. It's pretty common for a lot of people to appear to become more conservative with age across all generations. I began to really notice it in my 30s, and now in my 40s it's become polarising amongst people who were previously friends. But note I said "appear". What I mean is that these people were never probably really all that progressive - like most young people of their era, they felt an instinctual need to rebel against the status quo of the "ruling" older generations. It begins in our teens and usually peters out by the late 20s for most of us. Some keep that spark their whole lives, while others dive head first into social conformity. Most just sit somewhere in-between, giving up on trying to change things because it's exhausting and seems futile. You learn to work with the system instead of against it, resigned with pushing incremental change, though probably usually disappointed by it.
It's a bit contrived, but the point stands - people become distracted by life later on and lose interest in bigger picture questions because they don't have a lot of time for it. Forget property ownership, you're just trying to make rent and feed your kids. Then you're bombarded by "media" that tell you the reason "good hard working patriots" such as yourself are suffering is because lazy people, mostly POC and immigrants, who hate your country are taking the good jobs and government handouts, all delivered by bleeding hearts who hate people like you. Messages that begin to connect with what you remember your parents bitching about when you were young. It resonates, especially to those who cross the threshold into middle class over time and pay some real taxes. Next thing you know you're a rabid Rush Limbaugh fan foaming at the mouth about POCs, illegals, and feminists ruining our "once fine country".
I'm &lt;6 ft tall and my hand span is 9.25". The typical dinner plate next to me is 10.5". Seems totally plausible that someone twice as tall might have hands twice as long, which is ~20" or nearly as big as a trash can lid. Plus there's no reason why giants would have the same proportions as humans - maybe they have much larger hands proportionally.
&gt; s there a chance that we're confusing correlation and causation (again)? No one is "confusing" these things, especially scientists. Saying it is associated or correlated isn't the same as saying it's causal and that's not the inference in the study. However, actually determining causality is very difficult in science. Typically we use an over-abundance of indirect correlative evidence that overwhelmingly points in the same direction, leading to development of a mechanistic theory that is essentially acceptance of causality. Correlation indeed may represent causation, but only when we've explored the associated components of the relationship sufficiently to make that determination.
&gt; I pointed out that is not the case in England. Your comment about other stuff that London police did is not relevant to this specific point. Try to remain on topic. Whoah. You definitely did not stay on topic. You strayed by bringing in "It wasn't created to catch runaway slaves, **but to catch criminals, enforce laws, and prevent crime**. " So you added parts that weren't germane to the topic as you are now seeing it (i.e. specifically not for the purpose of catching runaway slaves"). Then when /u/I_DONT_KNOW123 responded to the entire other portion of your comment you dismiss them by saying they're off topic. That's some pretty crazy mental gymnastics there.
&gt; Alright, if this was a woman who had been raped this wouldn't even be up for debate. Police regularly get away with raping women too. A recent case in New York found several cops not guilty of raping a woman in jail because they claimed it was consensual. Another case in which a young woman who was simply waiting in her car was illegally vaginally and anally searched for drugs by police in a highly visible public space. The female cop who did the searching (while several male cops watched) was given commendation for her thoroughness. So let's not make it about gender here. The problem is unchecked police power and lack of accountability.
Finally had a chance to see it myself this last year - well, between San Francisco and Santa Cruz anyway. It was December, so not the ideal season for weather and lighting, but it was so beautiful nonetheless.
While you technically *can* return used items, including bikes, their satisfaction guarantee is just that: you can return items that you are unsatisfied with. Yet you say: "I bought a Co-op DRT 1.2 **and I love it** " To me, it sounds like you are indeed satisfied with it as a product. Deciding you've had your fun and now want a bigger/better version of something isn't something covered in spirit by that guarantee. In fact, this is exactly the type of bad-faith return that led to them changing it from a life-time guarantee to a 1 year guarantee some years back now. As a CO-OP, this cost is then borne by all members. So yes, you could probably go and return that bike, though they will definitely make it difficult for you. Getting store credit will probably be easier, and it does sound like you are interested in buying another bike from them. But it's worth considering if this the ethical thing to do in this situation. You could probably easily sell it, taking only a modest hit for your usage. Bikes in that price bracket are hard to come by these days and I'm sure there is a considerable wait from REI right now, so getting one locally might be a big incentive. Ultimately, only you can answer whether this is right for you.
Wish it were drier here, it's been raining for days on end everything is soupy!
&gt; When I bought the jacket I also preferred the collar of the theta vs no collar on the Beta, the addition of a collar makes it look less out of place in the city IMO. The current Beta AR has the same drop collar as the Theta AR - pretty sure that's been the case for a while. I agree though, and wish the Theta still existed. I would've bought that instead of the Beta for more complete coverage and the ability to cinch the waist.
Thanks! I picked up the Atom LT hoody in a large too - I'm usually a medium but that was just too snug for me. Truthfully I didn't really need it, but managed to score a great deal on that one too (~$110) so I couldn't pass it up. Arc fit is definitely for the long and lean type of bodies, but if you play around you can make it work. I just really wanted some quality rain gear for a change that can take the bashing I'll give in in the bush.
&gt; My rifle wont stop a tank, but the government ain't gonna send no tank, on its own soil, against its citizens. If large groups of people start shooting at police and government you bet your sweet ass [they're going to send tanks.](https://abcnews.go.com/US/survivors-1993-waco-siege-describe-happened-fire-ended/story?id=52034435)
I'm Canadian but living in the USA right now. I've been looking for a while but wasn't finding prices I was willing to jump on. Then I found these deals on campsaver.com and evo.com about a month into the COVID lockdown. I got really lucky, campsaver had the latest season Beta AR and Atom LT in the outlet and I just stumbled upon that at the time. A day later most sizes were out of stock and the prices were higher. Might've even been a pricing error. Evo.com had the women's Beta AR, it's from spring 2019 and I'm guessing not a lot of XL women are into arc gear? "The Last Hunt" in Canada has had some good arc deals in the past month, and some stuff at sport-chek/atmosphere too. I think arcteryx was clearing out stock because they're switching to the latest goretex updates. FWIW, I've heard those updates are mostly hype so if you can find some stock it's a good time to buy.
SRAM SX Eagle owner here, mine does the same thing. Minor annoyance but not a problem.
Ugh, your MIL sounds like a treat. I usually just ban people from using my cookware unless they're prepared to use and clean it the way I prescribe i.e. no metal on non-stick and preferably not on CI or carbon steel. &gt; in soapy water, Long soaking is not ideal, but soap isn't a problem for cast iron. That's an old warning based on using caustic lye-based soap which will remove the finish. Modern detergents are neutral salt based and won't eat it up. I often use dishsoap to clean residual oils off after cooking with onion and garlic then reapply fresh oil, as when I cook up some pancakes for breakfast the next morning I don't want them tasting like that. Without soap it's difficult to remove all that leftover flavour. The other option is to simply have dedicated pans for savoury and sweet...
&gt; pancakes with cheese crust Interesting approach! I generally do "sweet" pancakes but I do like making savoury versions too. Cheese just crisps up so nice on CI, the two were made for each other. On a related note, I ruined many years of seasoning on my big CI pan recently when I accidentally left the stove burner on high with the pan on it... oops.
While foxes can become gregarious around people, they are usually pretty wary and this is atypical behaviour. Its tail also looks kind of mangy, and both together suggest it might be ill. Could be any number of things, but the big fear is rabies of course. I would not approach a fox like that in the future.
You still haven't shown how this constitutes fraud. Bureaucratic incompetence at best. Again, don't under-estimate how difficult it is to keep all that information current. All it takes is one submitted form to one government agency that got picked up in that last election period to put him on the list. Or, they began to include old data that was not previously included as they bring it online. &gt; In any event, what is the harm in making sure that the votes which are counted are real? Isn't that how the system is supposed to work? Well, that's how it currently works. The only person who can vote as your father is your father. It doesn't matter if he's on a voting list. You need to prove you are who you claim. It might not be especially difficult to vote illegally as someone else, but [voter fraud is very rare](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voter_impersonation_(United_States\)). When fraud actually occurs it is more likely to be miscounts by sketchy electronic voting software.
Definitely fake. That hatch pattern on the inside is a dead giveaway - the lines are much too dark. The logo lettering is off on the RYX. I swear I've seen these exact pictures before here.
Where'd you find it? I'd report the seller to whatever site they're on.
&gt; a $2 million mansion Or a 1 bedroom condo in Brooklyn.
Not a woman, but my experience with arc is that it mostly fits one body type - tall and lean with long legs/arms and a narrow waist/tiny pelvis/butt. Women's sizing differs in that it has more hip room but still that general fit. I'm normally a 34-36" pant and medium or large top depending on the cut. I've tried women's beta AR pants in a large, too tight in the pelvis/rear but probably could've fit the XL. I bought a women's Beta AR jacket in XL, fits a little loose in the chest and hem (both measure ~50" on the jacket). The mens large is the same in the chest but snugger around the hips (L = 50" chest and 46" hem) with much longer arms and more volume in the shoulders/arms, which is why I went for womens (plus it was super cheap on clearance). For reference, I am a 5'8" 180 lbs and have a 40" chest, 35" waist, and 41" hips, 30.5" inseam, roughly a women's size 14?
There's "charred", and then there's "charcoal". This picture definitely has the former, but I've eaten the latter too many times.
Definitely! Properly salted, that rendered and browned fat/protein is the most delicious combo. Enjoy your steak!
So when parents decide to have only one kid instead of 2 or 3, that's eugenics? The definition of eugenics is much more specific than that. &gt;"the study of how to arrange reproduction within a human population to increase the occurrence of heritable characteristics regarded as desirable" Or &gt;Eugenics (/juːˈdʒɛnɪks/; from Greek εὐ- "good" and γενής "come into being, growing")[2][3] is a set of beliefs and practices that aim to improve the genetic quality of a human population,[4][5] historically by excluding people and groups judged to be inferior and promoting those judged to be superior.[6] So not the same thing as population control at all.
Such as?
&gt; To read their posts on Reddit its utopia. I think you're confusing American posts about what they think Canada is, not posts by Canadians. Canada in general has fewer overt social issues with violent crime, aggressive police, grinding generational poverty, and racial tensions, but all of these remain significant issues here too. The last part in particular - racism is just as much an issue, but because Canadians tend to be more reserved than Americans, it's more hidden.
Curious, are the terms "valid" and "sounds" technical terms used in philosophy? It's been ages since I've taken a philosophy course and can't recall. My instinct is to use the terms logical and rational here, saying the argument is logical in that it follows a repeatable well-constructed process, but irrational because the premise is based on a flawed belief. Or would the terms valid and sound be used instead?
Er, not what I was saying at all. Pointing out American law to support the legality of an event in a different nation doesn't make sense. But I agree that the same problem exists in Canada.
Culturally, Canada evolved through the 60s and 70s to support the notion of multiculturalism - to embrace the elements of other cultures as part of the broader national culture - we are all immigrants here and diversity is our strength. However, much of that was originally applied to reconciling differences in European immigrant groups who were mostly white. Once immigration of non-white cultures began to increase in the 80s, racial tensions began to escalate. In general people were accepting of these groups but they remained culturally isolated, leading to formation of insular communities. This segregation of course leads to mistrust amongst bigots. These days many places are so ethnically diverse that it's hard to envision a community that isn't. Of course, this doesn't address institutional racism that evolved early on towards first nations groups already present across the nation, Chinese immigrants that were fundamental to building railways and early pioneers of towns across the country, and the small but fundamental black communities in the east coast that were the result of the underground railroad from the USA. To this day, the treatment of First Nations peoples by government and post-colonial groups remains an ongoing national tragedy and Canada's greatest shame.
Ahh, that makes sense there in particular. It's been 4+ years since I last worked at a Uni in Canada, wasn't sure if there'd been some changes.
You could apply the non-detergent cleaning product directly to the stains and let it soak for a bit. Not sure if that would end up facilitating the removal of DWR or not, but those stained areas are likely already not beading up well.
Wow, this is a totally misrepresented claim. Did you read your own article? &gt;"...researchers concluded that **some** of the 2,000-plus firefly species may face extinction threats **while others are doing just fine**. "
&gt; Outside of Toronto and Quebec there are almost no black people. It's much lower in most places but this is simply incorrect. Birchtown Nova Scotia and several locations in southern Ontario were centres for [shuttling escaped slaves from the USA](https://www.cbc.ca/kidscbc2/the-feed/5-canadian-stations-of-the-underground-railroad), and several of these regions have maintained significant populations. Ottawa has a significant community of Ethiopian, Kenyan, Somalian immigrants, while many African and Caribbean immigrants have scattered throughout the prairies. &gt;You can visit towns and cities that only have like 20 black people The same could be said of large swaths of the USA as well. Many areas of the country are nearly exclusively white. Populations of black people are often less visible, but they're still present in sizeable numbers if you know where to look. Regardless, perpetration of racism is not specific to black people, and there are large populations of many different POC across Canada that suffer from it, most notably brown people and of course First Nations. And yes, Chinese and Korean communities as well. The Chinese in Canada have long been the butt of racism since their early days working on railroads to establishing stores and restaurants across the country to modern day Chinatowns in major cities. And it's often the kind that people tend to dismiss, probably more than for any other group except First Nations.
You're right, it's not fair to equate building illegal firearms designed with the primary purpose of easily killing large numbers of people to producing other things that can potentially kill large numbers of other people but which are are not their primary purpose.
AR-15s are certainly not needed for "hunting". Like any guns, they can be used for that purpose, but they are a niche case. Target shooting is pure recreation and isn't necessary, and in no way, shape or form is owning an AR-15 remotely comparable to owning a vehicle. The primary purpose of any pistol, automatic, and many semi-automatic weapon is to kill people. Period. Any other uses are secondary and generally for "fun". That's hardly an argument for it being a necessary tool. Hunting rifles and shotguns are designed for hunting and a totally different tool. The argument used to support guns ownership "it's just a tool, anything misused can kill someone" is the most ridiculous, facile, and dismiss-able argument. All tools are designed for a purpose and misuse can harm or kill people. But when that primary purpose is to make it easier to mow down groups of people by sheer volume of firing and/or concealment/stealth/portability, then that is a murder tool, often repurposed simply for "recreational" use. Yeah, guns are fun to shoot, I've done it plenty of times. But it's not a necessary tool. Here's an extension of that argument. Recreational drugs are a tool to make people feel happy. Their primary purpose is to produce elation. Used properly, one does not become addicted or suffer in any way. Misused, some can cause destructive patterns of behaviour or kill. Yet we ban all recreational drugs save for a couple for historical purposes (alcohol, caffeine, sometimes weed). So if murder weapons can be legal for recreation that result in 10s of thousands of deaths annually through abuse, why shouldn't we allow properly dispensed drugs that aren't intended for that purpose to begin with. Most drug overdoses are due to it being a black market product and social stigmas. I'm not arguing for the widespread legalisation of drugs. I'm merely painting a picture of hypocrisy in the views of people, and the fanciful way in which people justify ownership of something designed from the ground up to kill people on the basis of it being "just a hobby".
Yeah, I've had to get creative since my body type is not typical. Bottom-heavy male - thicker thighs and big badonk and wider hips, average shoulders and chest for my height. Not exactly arc prototype material. But, the gear is amazing and being flexible between sizing the gendered clothing helps.
Yeah it'll be a bit loose there probably! Thanks for the tip.
&gt; They don’t analyze the data Of course they don't, that's never been standard practice in scientific peer review. Yes, there is a certain amount of faith put into the authors that they did their work correctly. But the whole point of peer review is that *other experts in your field* review the findings. If there is something off, unexpected, or fishy about it, then people will call your results into question. A result that seems too good to be true... that will probably require some data validation. Otherwise, the additional effort required to peer-review would be staggering and the whole system would collapse unless our employers expected peer review alone to comprise 10-25% of our duties. As it is, peer review duty is "implied" as part of the 5-10% allocated in our contracts to administrative and extension duties, which are usually eaten up mostly by largely useless meetings enforced by the bloated bureaucratic administration of government or university institutions.
Just because you apologise for something that doesn't mean it's acceptable. An apology is a beginning to atonement, not an end.
"MACFA - Make American Cops Fit Again"
&gt;they actually take place tens of thousands of years ago So again, the Mesopotamian time period. &gt;edit for downvoters: the conan and kull stories are supposed to have taken place tens of thousands of years ago. Also again: "Because everything about these are fiction."
&gt;Apologizing for something is never meant make something to be acceptable, I am unsure where you got that idea. Your comment, which specifically said: &gt;Some people are just never satisfied no matter what you do and want to see people burn. In response to an apology from Justin for wearing both black and brown-face at times when it was certainly socially unacceptable, and in response to sexual abuse allegations. It is clear you're implying he is being unfairly lambasted and that an apology is sufficient. Sometimes, you apologise, mean it, and still have to take your lumps. &gt;How much atonement and many apologies are needed to satisfy you? How much atonement? At least some. Anyone can apologise. Why would you think apologising over and over makes a difference? You can apologise a thousand times, it's meaningless without action that follows. Atonement takes many forms, and sometimes it means swallowing some punishment. A bit of bad press is no more than a pittance to pay. He deserves it, and anyone who thinks otherwise lacks the capacity to understand what actual contrition and atonement is.
Yes to be fair. As in to be fair to the group by recognizing that it was an individual saying it and not the group as a whole as insinuated by the post title. As for your response, it has nothing to do with "fairness". In fact, it's downright rascist to indicate that because you're from the middle east you're necessarily anti-jewish.
&gt; I think if you'll look at anti semitic crimes throughout western Also I think if you'll look at anti semitic crimes throughout western europe I think it's pretty clear that he's not just making it up, now wether or not they have merit to it (which i dont think so), it's an actual problem and it's absolutely a double standard You're right, but for more reasons than you realise. [Semitic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semitic) refers to people from a cultural and ethnic backgrounds that speak languages based around arabic and hebrew. In other words, arabic speaking muslims are also semitic people, and the rise of anti-semitism in Europe is in large part be linked to prejudice against people from these backgrounds by Europeans, including people of Jewish European descent. So while this in no way condones any anti-jewish behaviour, let's be clear; these people were not exactly welcomed with open arms by Europeans, and the hostility presented to them is no doubt being returned in part.
Dude - turn down the crazy saturation and highlights, it ruins the otherwise beautiful shot. The sunlight looks blue to violet and the trees are pink.
The amount of free time you must have to comb through my old posts is just pathetic. Try doing something with your life.
No one in this thread is using citations, and even the OP is a shitty poorly investigated piece meant to sensationalise an issue by pitting people against protestors using anti-semitism as a vehicle to draw support. This whole thing is a shit-show of reactive media bullshit and islamophobia.
Can you really not see the anger in what you posted? Telling them they're talking "empty air"? Again, you were responding to a comment by someone other than me. BTW, I'd like to see your citations on "slaughter" of jews by muslims. You can't just say "read my post history" and use that as as a citation.
Whoah that's not correct at all. This assumes only a 3% infection rate which is completely wrong. Virtually everyone will become infected in time, the same way influenza or cold viruses strike almost everyone at some point. And it's not about you getting sick. It's about you passing the virus on to someone else. The whole "It's my decision" perspective is selfish and naive.
???
Are you drunk?
To properly sterilise, yes. But in this case, it's more about removing as much as is reasonably possible without potentially damaging them. Warm water just works much better at facilitating the dissolution of lipid membranes via surfactants than cold water, and this effectively destroys the pathogen. So the heat in this instance isn't directly destroying the pathogen, but it facilitates the chemical reactions that does. Hot water works even better, and will begin to break down the pathogens directly too.
&gt; they are repeatedly sprayed with a fine aerosol of bacteria (as demonstrated by Mythbusters). I just put my toilet seat down before flushing. I'm not a savage! There's also a huge difference in having trace amounts of bacteria present from spray and fecal matter which can comprise up to 50% microbial biomass in the solids. The risk of infection increases exponentially with the number of cells, and the [minimal effective dose](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimal_infective_dose) can range from as low are a few hundred cells per gram of contaminant, depending on the pathogen. &gt;HGE is not associated with enteric pathogens Fair enough. I'm not trying to dispute your knowledge here. Just saying that fecal matter contains a lot of bacteria, many of which can become opportunistic pathogens, so it might be best to play it safe!
"Beep, Beep, Beep, Beep..." "SCReeeeeeeACH Vrooooooom" "Honk honk hoooooooonk" Not helping. :(
Small must fit pretty skin tight on you!
2002?! Try 1992.
Yes, but the video was created much earlier too. They might've been playing it as late as 2002, but it began appearing on TV in the early 90s.
I dabble in forest ecology and have done considerable research in northern forests. Species diversity in general is considered optimal, but they're right, northern forests are quite homogeneous with respect to tree species. In North America, above 65° latitude there are only ~5 tree species present, and most grow in fairly homogeneous stands as a function of their means of regeneration - i.e. mostly fire. You do get a mixture in some environments, but usually it is a blanket of one species (white or black spruce) mixed with pockets of others (white birch, aspen, balsam poplar). Of course there are tons of different shrubs and herbaceous plants present, which account for most of the vegetative diversity. But planting "monoculture" trees would not likely be problematic and be a big step up for the ecosystems. My guess is one major lacking feature is the fungi necessary for establishing the mycorrhizal associations that allow the trees to flourish. Innoculated soil should be included with the trees.
&gt; In like Newfoundland and Labrador which is up North like Iceland they basically only have Balsam, black spruce, an occasional birch.... Not much else. Still much further south than Iceland though, though Labrador is comparable ecologically. Newfoundland isn't particularly diverse from a tree perspective, but it's more like a temperate boreal rain forest in comparison, quite cool and wet but not especially cold (at least closer to the coasts), with some of the greatest species diversity in the understorey of anywhere in the boreal forest!
"Topsoil" isn't generally found in significant quantity in the far north to begin with, where glaciers only receded quite recently and the cold and short summers minimise soil development. So that isn't the main limiting factor. Most northern tree species are well-developed to grow on very limited soils. For example, Balsalm poplar will happily grow on gravel. The main limitation is currently the lack of seed base for natural dispersion and management of landscapes i.e. pasture, agriculture, etc). If a concerted effort to replant were made the Island would probably become fairly forested in a generation or two.
Not familiar with the ecology of larch in the UK, but I imagine that historically it wasn't present in such large monocultures. Larch in North America often grows homogeneously in large patches due to its preference for wetter environments, but also suffers easily from disease and is a much smaller component of the forest than it once was. There is always an elevated risk in homogeneous stands of severe dieback from pathogens. In the past, it was usually cyclical from natural reservoirs of pathogens, but these days imported pathogens (and climate change) are wreaking havoc on forest systems, particularly those that grow in homogeneous stands.
You can choose to have it play at any speed you like. Doesn't have to be just normal or slowest.
And for jumps, where getting lower helps!
Huh - that must be fairly recent, I recall some pretty hard-core children's advertising back in the 80s and 90s.
Depends on what you mean by "aggressive", but the [Scott Scale 960 is a well outfitted bike for the money](https://www.scott-sports.com/us/en/product/scott-scale-960-bike)
Alcohol impairs motor skills and decision making by lowering inhibitions. But people don't become murderers simply because they're drunk. It might be the difference for some people between barely suppressing their rage and acting on it, but that person has a greater potential to become a murderer to begin with.
Awesome, thanks. I worked out a round about way of doing it using merge(DF, Subject_List, by=NULL) but it required a lot of intermediate steps to make the complicated subject naming scheme work (It's a string of partially sequential concatenated characters). But I'm keeping your solution for a rainy day when it will work better!
Smells like farts to me. I forget that I've eaten it then wonder what the hell is going on that my piss smells like farts when I take a leak.
&gt;Shit I had a buddy that worked at McDonalds through high school and saved over $10,000.00. He paid his own way, bought his own car at 16, etc. He didn't need to be thrifty or cheap to do it either. It's totally possible. Assuming this was a while back, and minimum wage was a generous $8/hr, $10000 is 1250 hours of work, or 62.5 weeks at 20 hours per week if we assume no taxes/deductions or full tax returns because of the income bracket. Since you said he bought a car at 16, that means he was probably working from 14 and on. Additionally, you said: &gt;He didn't need to be thrifty or cheap to do it either. Presumably he was spending money at the same time. Let's say he put away 75% of what he earned, that would then require 78 weeks of 20 hrs a week. I suppose he was working more in the summer. McDs rarely gives 40 hours per week since that makes their employees "Full time" and require certain benefits, I imagine in summer he was working no more than 30-35, and presumably less during the school year. So we'll assume an average of 20 hrs per week, 1 week off for various things, that's 1.5 years of working. So it's doable, especially since his costs are presumably low. But I'm skeptical he didn't get some help from the parents on things, inluding those savings. &gt;I started working at 8 years old and had a savings account with a debit card by the time I was 10. I don't know that I ever accumulated $16,000.00 at once, but I regularly had over $5,000.00 in the account. There's absolutely no way you made enough money between 8-14 years old to have earned $5000+ in your bank account at any given time. Maybe if that included some generous gifts from parents. After 14 I could see it. &gt;I had normal teenager jobs starting at 14, so I don't think saving $16,000.00 by the time your 20 is all that uncommon. Assuming everything you've said so far is true, I don't know if this is some kind of humble-brag or being truly out of touch. No, having personally saved $16000 from your own earnings by 20 is not common, at least not if you're in college. Maybe if you started construction work at 16-18 and lived at home until then.
Yea seriously, we're missing some important info here. That doesn't just happen because you've shifted backwards, especially if you're wearing padded shorts. they must've remained with bits towards the front then did some weird crash.
Agreed. I put a dropper on mine and there's no way the bike is holding me back from anything. If I go pro I'll upgrade lol.
Great job! I bet these were amazing. Cotija is awesome and one of my favourite cheeses. It has a nice flavour, rich and salty with a little fermented bite. For such a rich dish though something lighter is nice, like queso fresco. The bright freshness of the the lime and cilantro are really key to helping highlight the flavour of the rich meat and sauce and the light neutral cheese helps mediate the spirited flavour conversation.
Seriously, it's not like taking vitamin C or any other vitamin is going to have any effect on performance taken while riding.
&gt; I like maple syrup more in general for sweetening foods because it doesn't spike your insulin I don't know where you go this idea, but this is wrong. It's *better* than some other high sugar foods since it's primarily sucrose instead of fructose/glucose, but it is still a source of simple sugars and therefore still pumps up your blood sugar as well as increases your overall risk of insulin resistance over time.
Can't go wrong either way. Keep up the great cooking!
Except masks aren't for your protection. They're for preventing spread. Unless you have a N95 mask, it does very little to prevent inhalation of aerosolised virus. However, wearing one prevents the discharge of large droplets that can definitely spread virus, either directly or by desiccating and producing aerosols.
Yes - the research shows if we all wears masks we substantially reduce transmissions. It's easy, cheap, and the socially responsible thing to do at this time. Unfortunately, this message isn't getting out there.
Absolutely. It's unfortunate that this message is getting buried or simply untold out there.
Actually the antiquated boomer perspective is that there *are* races. "Race" in this context is an antiquated term fully-rooted in white supremacy from the 19th century, when some "scientists" spent a considerable amount of time trying to develop a hierarchy of racial superiority based on ridiculous metrics like phrenology.
Some very serious data "quality" issues going on there. OP's selection and definition for what comprises "sex' for women vs. men is extremely misconstrued. But even if they do... so what? Women joking about sex from a women-centric perspective is a novel schtick relatively speaking.
I don't blame the cat, that broccoli has been way overcooked.
&gt; The mask is off, only for a second, he looks human Yeah - like a miserable human. The only real part of his persona we get is him looking unhappy. Not exactly a surprise though.
What are you talking about? No, most store bought honey isn't "fake" and neither is most store-bought maple syrup.
Yeah I agree there's a lot of negativity there. I get the resentment though. It's really just a place to vent. I wouldn't take it too seriously.
Not going to work unfortunately. The reason sand is used is due to its chemical stability and previous ubiquity. The calcium carbonate will eventually dissolve in the concrete, creating air/water pockets, releasing that as CO2, and destroying the stability of the structures.
Just the outer layer. The starchy inside is very digestible and why we grow so much of it.
There are plenty of other uses for it beyond making cement, although it would still be made well in excess of use. Really it's probably best to use it for agriculture and in lakes that have been acidified due to acid rain and simply dumping it in the ocean. The ocean naturally forms calcium carbonate and is currently in the process of being acidified from high atmospheric CO2 levels. Dump some in some shallow reef areas that have been hard hit and then the rest into the deep ocean where it will be effectively inert and form limestone over time.
You can export all that from SPSS as CSV files. You don't have to do anything by hand.
It's not that simple. Yes, if you dump it in pure DH2O which is initially neutral it will dissociate over time, forming Ca(HCO3)2 (calcium bicarbonate) and release some CO2 until it equilbrates with the CO2 in the atmosphere. But the ocean isn't pure DH2O. It's alkaline (pH 7.8-8.4) and already contains a high amount of dissolved solids, especially Ca, HCO3^-, and CO3^-2. The high pH reduces the solubility of CO3^-2, which keeps it from dissolving, as does the cooler temperatures at depth. In fact, the deep ocean generally is a long-term sink for atmospheric CO2 that dissolves into the water which is eventually precipitated as CaCO3. So the ocean is probably the perfect place to store all that extra CaCO3.
Thanks - that's the first I've seen of ggeffects. I've been using emmeans for a while and love it but finding it somewhat limited to express what I want.
It's an easy mistake to make - the dynamics of carbonic acid, it's conjugate bicarbonate ion base, and carbonates in aqueous solutions are [not straightforward](https://slideplayer.com/slide/3400423/12/images/4/Forms+of+CO2+in+Water+Carbonic+acid+%28H2CO3%29%2C+Bicarbonate+%28HCO3-+%29%2C+and+Carbonate+%28CO32-%29..jpg), especially once you begin to factor in temperature and variability the amount of dissolved solids.
&gt; “Hell” is a place of “outer darkness” (Matthew 22:13) yet is lit with an “eternal fire” (Matthew 25:41). There's some interesting history around this - turns out going to hell may have been [a threat to send your remains to a fire pit outside of Jerusalem if you were a criminal or denied a proper burial](https://www.newworldencyclopedia.org/entry/Gehenna).
Accepting a set of facts isn't the same thing as understanding or appreciating them. I can believe that Jesus existed, died for my sins, call myself a christian, etc etc but not actually live my life in accordance with that by continuing to sin without seeking redemption and seeking to better myself according to Jesus's teachings. A contemporary corollary is accepting that coronavirus exists, is dangerous, and spreading, and that by not taking collective action we're all at risk of getting infected. Yet still going out and socialising in groups, not wearing a mask in public, and generally living as though it's not a real concern all the while complaining on facebook that no one is taking it seriously.
That's the requirement for some but certainly not all Christian sects.
&gt; I don't know why they included greater time to orgasm under "several positive outcomes." They didn't. Read the study, it says nothing about this being a positive outcome.
&gt; They seem to be stating shorter time to orgasms. They're not: &gt;Women who use pornography during masturbation tend to be younger, indicate a higher interest in sex, masturbate more frequently, have lower arousal difficulty during masturbation, are more likely to reach orgasm during masturbation, **and have longer latencies during masturbation.**
They specifically said "longer latency", meaning longer time to reach orgasm.
Nice riding. But tell your buddy to not unnecessarily skid to a stop and rip up the trail!! Bad trail etiquette and extra work for those kind people maintaining them.
&gt;That man took a neutral presentation of a finding and presented it as a positive right here: At worst, this is simply poor wording. They do not specifically link the sentence following that statement to being the "several positive outcomes". They simply list the main results of the study. Regardless, this is /r/science. Let's talk about the science, which is in the study article. &gt;We're questioning that man's application of male standards, like "stamina is good," to female sexuality. No blanket statement about men's general ability to read or understand numbers is being made here. Calm down. Well you're definitely making a blanket statement about men with that comment. Calm down.
Except it's not "orange". The human eye can distinguish millions of different colours, and Sambal - the name of a hot orange/red chili product from Indonesia - [is a very apt name for the colour](https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Sambal-Oelek-Recipe1.jpg).
I want to be clear BTW, I am not religious myself, but I embrace the messages behind any religious beliefs that promotes a more caring society and have no issue with those who embrace religion, provided it doesn't infringe on the rights or peace of others. Jesus, whether fictional or real, is a tremendous character we should all strive to emulate. Most major religions have some great wisdom in their writings, as long as you can sort out the less great parts. The bible contains many such teachings, but a lot is either not relevant to modern society or frankly unethical by today's standards. We all look to members of society we can rely on for advice and guidance. A good community leader understands this, and teaches the essence of that wisdom from whatever resources they have at their disposal.
It's the people that are consistently on the wrong side of issues that concern me most.
&gt;Any kind of survey done is going to be asking only living people about their recent sexual relationships with their living partner, so I don't quite understand how men(or gay men) dying younger than women(or lesbian women) has anything to do with the amount of sex men or women are having in the moment. I agree. I don't see how that speaks against what I'm saying. &gt;Isn't the idea of lesbian bed death that as the relationship goes on, lesbians (on average) have lower rates of sexual intimacy - whereas that is not the case for gay men. First I've ever heard this. Even if there is truth to that, and I'm not saying there isn't, the use of it here is based on a whole lot of assumptions that frankly I see no evidence to support here. Sounds mostly like myth-making based on an *a priori* assumption that men always have greater libido than women. But I am not 60 year old lesbian or gay man, so I can't speak personally to that, and I don't really ask my older gay friends how much they're getting it on. Frankly, I'm mostly just responding to a great deal of casual homophobia and misogyny in this thread (and many other I've had the misfortune of reading recently) that keeps making unsubstantiated assumptions about both gay men and women, lesbian or otherwise.
I retrospect, I guess it's silly, but I thought they were referring to lesbians actually dying of old age in bed while gay men died long before then, presumably due to AIDS from all the sex they have while lesbians lived long lives due to their near chastity. Seemed like a really weird way to phrase it, but given the long tradition of ignorant opinions on women and their sexuality on reddit and the specific topic of lesbians not being as sexually active I figured it was just another example. I was clearly in the ignorant camp on this one, although I maintain the position here that women are somehow considerably less sexually active is based largely on borderline incel perspectives. Anyway, thanks for the correction.
Whelp I feel stupid. I've been properly schooled on this by both you and /u/ThisIsntGoldWorthy. Thank both of you for educating me on this term, sorry for assuming the worst and being defensive in response. I understand now why my responses seemed so out of left field.
I'd be cautious about buying a used one. The gas cartridge in the posts wears out over time and I'll bet many are up for sale because they don't respond as quickly as they once did.
Depends, could just be crud in the mechanism that needs cleaning out, or maybe you've tightened your seatpost clamp a little too much. But if the gas spring is failing - which commonly leads to sag - replacement is the only option. Replacement depends on the post, some have readily available cartridges others don't. Trans-x doesn't sell those cartridges openly but maybe a shop might be able to order one.
&gt; Live-streaming everything to HQ would protect the public and the department. Or better yet, to an independent 3rd body that is not affiliated with the police that is responsible for providing the video to both police and to judiciary bodies as evidence so the video is intact and unaltered. It would require enormous storage, but a large state or federal government based organisation could handle it I'm sure. We need to separate police from handling evidence on their own. Ideally, this organisation would also handle investigation of police misconduct as well by people who do not even live in the same state let alone work in the same department.
So well preserved they find him alive and well, ready to raise his army to regain control of China and then the world!!
Probably because they're all from rich backgrounds. They ate rich diets and led sedentary lifestyles, leading to early death, and the families could afford to preserve them.
When you walk barefoot most of the time your feet are already quite calloused. No doubt beginning turns was not comfortable, but probably not as bad as you think.
&gt;Just because he’s African doesn’t mean he’s destitute lol Just because you're not destitute doesn't mean you don't walk everywhere barefoot either. Walking barefoot isn't strictly the domain of the poor and is common/cultural in many places.
Thanks for the link, reading about it shows exactly how terrible this is. Even if he *was* the "right" guy, the person they were looking for was being accused of panhandling. That's not something you need to bodyslam someone over to arrest them for!!
I'm assuming you're pretty new to using statistical analyses as a whole. It sounds like you need to read up on regression first - learn what the ANOVA table and coefficients mean in a summary. As for the repeated measures, it looks like your formula accounts for it with (1 + ADD | Pig); this allows for both a random intercept and slope for each pig. I have no idea if that appropriate for your specific experimental design though.
That's still a fantastic price. You're not exactly missing out.
Going to repeat what I said in the other thread - you need to become more familiar with what you're doing here before proceeding. Don't just run tests you don't understand and try to figure out what they mean after the fact. You need to read up on inferential statistics. But overall this is beginning to sound like an assignment based on your questions. This subreddit doesn't facilitate homework. If that's the case, then try r/homeworkhelp.
Who the hell hates Halva? I've never met anyone who tried it that didn't enjoy it.
He was also an Uncle Tom who later spoke out against loud protest by the black community and contemporary black culture.
I like this video, but it seems to me like the advice might be kind of specific to this kind of drop where there is a slope afterwards so landing front wheel first is OK.
Maybe you shouldn't be riding into your pool!
This is great info, thanks!
That's what puddles are for, right?
&gt; they go undercover and look for underaged, drunk or high people and its a whole thing &gt;That sounds super authoritarian Well if checking if people are violating the law is authoritarian, then any country with policing must be authoritarian.
&gt; You don't need to acclimatise to higher pressures in the way you need to do for lower pressures. Although not the same as what you're responding to, [nitrogen narcosis with increasing pressure is a real concern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nitrogen_narcosis). This has led to many deaths by people diving too rapidly and becoming confused, often not able to find their way back up or ascending too quickly then suffering from decompression sickness and/or death.
There is nothing "swampy" about that valley, nor "undeveloped". It's [agricultural land, a mix of grazing pasture and feed](https://eeas.europa.eu/delegations/china/52686/farmers-kupres-start-their-own-production-eu-support_ku), with some classic [pothole type wetlands](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_Pothole_Region).
Are you sure it came "tubeless" and not "tubeless ready"? Bike don't typically come from the shop tubeless unless you've payed them to do it.
&gt; Sprouts and cabbages are laced with PTC. For clarification, these plants do not contain PTC itself, but related chemicals that seem to trigger this response in people.
As in, the bike shops had to set them up or they came from the factory tubeless?
Crazy! So how does that affect people's habits? Do people also get out in the morning more too? I suppose it's ideal to beat the heat anyway.
I'd definitely give it an inspection - tubeless can be a pain to setup, but it's usually pretty good once in place. Might be worth having a shop give it a go. Did you buy it recently? Most shops offer some form of free service for the first year, especially if it didn't work properly right from the start.
Language evolves over time and words often have multiple meanings by different contexts. And yes, we are going to keep "redefining fuckin everything" because that's how society works. Nothing stays the same forever, nor should it.
What exactly is "natural evolution" when it comes to language? Definitions have come and gone for all kinds of reasons. Many of the words you take for granted today probably originated for political reasons. As an individual, you don't get to decide these things. It happens as a society. You can either grow with it, or get left behind.
Yes. So for example, black people in South Africa during apartheid were "minorities" in that as a group they had little to no power and voice in society than the wealthy white elites. This has since improved, but the differences remain stark, even after the fall of apartheid.
It's a self-appointed name by a group of women. Arguably it's re-appropriation, like the term queer. I wouldn't go around calling women chicks or gay people queer, but they can be internally used terms. Queer has become pretty mainstream and acceptable now though. Perhaps the term chicks may one day too?
Agreed. It's not impossible to be discriminated against as a white male, but in western society that's atypical and more recent shifts are just that - recent. People will of course cite all kinds of examples, some of them even valid, but in most cases it's sour grapes about policies that aim to elevate minorities, not harm the majority. I'm in a career path where attention to diversity and inclusion is particularly salient, but as a white male I do not in any way feel discriminated against.
&gt; It punishes independent thinking and if they are a crap teacher then little is actually learned. Or, it pushes people to become more creative by working around limitations via their own solutions rather than depending on the solutions provided by other already.
I don't think the emphasis was on internet here. It was more a statement that you're probably doing fine and wouldn't know what you're missing if you didn't see it plastered online all the time.
And the nation still stands, as do the embedded impacts of slavery and apartheid. It remains as salient as ever to the current social and political landscape. The war was 160 years ago, yet people are still feeling the aftermath.
Of course it's subjective. Emotions are not objective by definition. Not everything is about logic and you can't just develop a mathematical model to pin-point the exact moment when a statue can stand. Suffice it to say, if a lot of people are still uncomfortable about it and it reminds them of how their lives are a function of past trauma (i.e. second class citizens), then something's not right.
It's not the same in Canada. Pharma ads are not technically prohibited, but they cannot actually reveal what the drug is for. For example, there are several famous [viagra ads](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk9JwV8sZTs) that ran in Canada. In the USA, the ads are detailed in part because they're required to disclose side effects etc, so they end up being long, rambling ads that show super happy imagery while they describe how you'll shit your pants while taking it.
Still do. And there are several other examples out there too.
Except all of those are for things outside the normal scope of operation. It's a performance vehicle and not meant to be serviced by customers. The fragile door latches are just the emergency latch in case the robust electronic controls are not working. The hood is delicate because it's lightweight to improve performance, and only meant to be opened by qualified service technicians. I really don't see any of these things as an actual issue for day to day usage.
There are definitely other options that are much more accessible I'm sure. But you're right, modern vehicles are highly complex machines that are largely computer controlled and regulated, beyond the scope of backyard mechanics. That said, I'll bet you can still find plenty of old Ford 302s and Chevy 350s if you're looking to tinker.
I too don't understand why they used such flimsy latches for the backup method. But I think this is also an extraordinary scenario. I can imagine similar scenarios in a car without these latches that would also fail - e.g. power windows in a car in water. You can't open the doors anyway because of the pressure difference, so if the windows fail you're screwed. All told, it's a niche car for wealthy people that don't service their own vehicles and it's extremely unlikely these "features" will cause any real grief.
It might be refillable outside of the hood, not sure. Either way, the kind of wealthy person that owns this car probably isn't doing their own servicing.
&gt; **It's a performance vehicle and not meant to be serviced by customers** Thought that was pretty clear. But if you really want to, nothing's stopping you. It's just more tedious than normal. But rich people who buy a $170K super cars don't tend to do their own maintenance.
[Adding washer fluid to a BMW I8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci5NK_feVCo)
&gt; **But rich people who buy a $170K super cars don't tend to do their own maintenance** Are you rich enough to buy this car? If so, you're probably not working on it. As I already clearly said: &gt; **But if you really want to, nothing's stopping you. It's just more tedious than normal**.
&gt; or that Giant from the Field Trip. -Levy What exactly is your beef with the Stance? Effectively every other reviewer either liked it or loved it. The worst thing [your review](https://www.pinkbike.com/news/field-trip-giant-stance-1.html) said about it was the brakes levers were too big and the frame "too traditional'? It has a modern geometry with wide bars, a short stem, and a relatively slack head angle and steep seat tube relative to many bikes from even a couple of years ago. It sits between an modern XC and trail bike. Two of your guys had their second fastest times on the bike in the review. I get that it wasn't your favourite, but it seems like unless it costs the same as used car it's no good. For the price, it offers way more than the competition for the same price with the exception of the Canyon Neuron, and good luck finding one of those these days or with after-sale service. It gets butts on bikes and on trails and puts smiles on faces, with no real shortcomings. For a new rider, it offers a lot.
