Mailbox "baseball" is definitely a thing. Know of several incidents where many houses in a row get bashed in. Passenger leans out the window while someone else is driving. If not that, snowplows in Michigan are the biggest mailbox killers. That's why there are the stone/brick and mortar ones. Although you may attract the local youth with explosives enthusiasms.
Agree in general. Counterpoint for why it could be yes: The Disney-Fox merger taking the air out of the room on licensed media and Disney's intent to go their own way on streaming is bad for Netflix. Apple buying them now makes sense to keep a friendly media company on hand and aflot with their cash reserves. Buy too late and Netflix has lost market share, which is the real value. I would bet on a limited strategic partnership being more likely though. Achieve the same goal at lower cost.
That rail-height gas block would have to go or get dremeled down, so it's not a drop-in.
Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... [and totally redeem yourself!](http://www.imcdb.org/i027699.jpg)
Long Johns shrink, buy at least 2x sizes larger. Go for tall size too if you are even remotely close. Hand wash and air dry for longer life and less shrinkage. Another thing to watch for is a good outer layer. I go for nylon pants like [these](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B006QYGR1K/). Thin and worthless as insulation, but good for snow repellent and non-absorbent. Add in some sweatpants and you are toasty.
Dude behind him is contemplating how his life went so wrong and why it involves eating peanuts.
I was learning a little French in grade school and [Brother John/Frère Jacques](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fr%C3%A8re_Jacques) is how I even knew it was even a name. I have never met a Jacque.
&gt; Is there a guide for typical times for specific repairs? Yes, this is called "book rate". Your repair may be under, or over, but they must stick to the quote they gave you. Thus, your real bargin is found in the hourly rate. Lowest hourly rate and a shop you can trust (ask around) will be your best deal. Dealers are always overpriced, only go to them if the repair is specific to your model, and your main mechanic will refer you if it's the case. IE I once snapped the hood opening cable on my Chevy, shop said take it to them because they will know more tricks and be cheaper.
Ok, that piped kangaroo is pure skill.
This sounds smart at first pass. Target and Amazon compete pretty closely, and the leverage to expand Whole Foods into an established chain with high overlap has plenty of upside.
Slice thin for instant sandwich.
Also shoot three rounds at each setting. If your group is tight = You have good fundamentals, accurate depiction of your scope to gun relationship. Loose group, IE holes far apart = Your fundamentals are bad, work on those first. You want to be adjusting for inherent aim problems, not chasing your form mistakes.
Formerly hungry, hungry hippos.
Similar vein: Emotive facial expressions are just as important to the show as dialog. Rewatch Freemon and the desk in the doorway scene. He intuits why the desk is stuck and does nothing but lightly chuckle and keep working on his dollhouse furniture.
Man, I remember these. I also remember the thousand yard stare of the cashier they were stationed by. Those plastic boxes made sound like crazy!
Highly likely. Non-rush print jobs are often sent back to the client via postal mail, so weighing packages to determine postage would have been important.
Keep tons of them, but still never have the one I need for any given project.
Consider that the [BBC built an audio spy](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-35639549) that served targeted ads with off-the-shelf tech, it's not far-fetched at all.
I have just been introduced to the idea of harissa mayo. I predict a long-lasting friendship.
I wonder if this is due to alcohol-based extracts. Only the alcohol-soluble flavors make it through. Cinnamon is a prime example. Cinnamon liqueurs are fiery hot while powdered cinnamon has a heavy warm and earthy note to counterbalance. I've made homemade liqueurs, and the taste change of cinnamon is stark.
+1 to that. Choose a career that you like and will help you afford a place with a garden, allow you to buy other preps, etc. The mind does not need you to spend thousands to learn, that comes from the heart. That said, see if you can take a practical skill for your elective credits. Aviation, woodworking, etc. Most schools have some eclectic choices in classes made possible by some professor's side passion being turned into a class.
Harissa is a middle eastern hot sauce with a touch of mint, makes for a fun cooling effect in your mouth kinda like peppermints.
Deep space 9. He's named Morn, which is Norm backwards. He sits at the end of the bar in every scene just like Norm in Cheers.
"That means that in Bizarro World, Stan Lee likes me!!!"
Sounds like Jesus breaking up a food fight. QUIT WASTING THE MIRACLE FOOD!
"Embrace democracy or you will be eradicated."
I have it on good authority that the Ranchise is the model line below the [Canyonero](https://simpsonswiki.com/wiki/Canyonero) SUV.
*Awaaay in a manger, a crib for a friend...*
My grandparents lost sizable sums of money this way too. Set up joint ownership of accounts and power of attorney before it's a problem. You need two sets of eyes so that the scam gets stopped early! Also, set up living expense accounts w/ only 6 months of cash and a "cold storage" account which they don't have direct access to. This way if money is lost, it's not the whole enchilada.
That rear view screams Popemobile to me.
If you still want olive oil, perhaps for for nutritional properties, extra light olive oil is largely flavorless. Note that light in this case refers to the color, not low-fat.
I hate game lore normally, but I really dug the world-building in ME1. It mashes up all the big names in the sci-fi relm. Star Wars, Star Trek, etc., yet feels unique. Characters and their races are well written and motivated. This fell apart somewhat in later installments, but it also felt like it was a real universe worth fighting for.
Man, they *really* cut the effects budget for the latest Guardians of the Galaxy movie.
1968 democratic convention riots were a big deal. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Democratic_National_Convention
Monty Python movies all have extras doing odd things in the background of scenes.
Think of a primary care physician as a gatekeeper for the specialists. When you get a referral from your primary care, the specialist knows you belong there and are not just guessing on needing them. Keeps them from wasting time on WebMD hypochondriacs and allows them to spend more time on real cases.
Let's not forget that black powder is the yardstick these guns were being measured against. I recently shot a 1851 Navy black powder revolver in 44 cal. It sounds powerful, but it's a heavy gun loaded with the bullet weight and energy equivalent of a modern .380 target round. Total pussycat to shoot from a heavy gun, very mild and comically slow recoil. It kicks so late you almost forgot you had shot it. The definition of "powerful" back then was a lot lower. That said, .25 ACP has always left me scratching my head as to a why. Not sure it's ever been an answer to anything.
Just don't take a side-trip to Illinois. It's the California of the midwest. Bane of my roadtripping existence.
MI exempts you from stupid laws about gun transport. Basically home, gun store, and range are your only valid destinations. No side trips. It's not enforced so the particulars are weak. It's an anti-poaching law. Kinda stupid that picking up ammo at WalMart on the way to the range is illegal.
The spirit of GeoCities lives on.
* 1. [People aren't wearing enough hats.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2QJvc_SxFQ)
Those who don't know, teach. If you were competent, you could make more bucks working in the real field you teach. I took a teaching job for a few years after the dot com bust to ride out the storm in web development. Universities are filled with smart people with bad cases of [Dunning-Kruger effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect).
Ethereum has worked out lots of vendor-side issues with spending crypto, this is great news. The more places we can spend doge, the more valuable it becomes. This is in the proof stage, but so wow! 1 D=1 D, but there's no shame in a little help from some friends. 1 D=X Eth=1 D is still good by me.
Respect for a great job and not messing up a classic. Gotta love the SKS for being the only gun *required* by law to have a bayonet.
Yes, yellow school busses are mandated by law to be that color. In fact, when they are sold used to the public, you must paint them some other color before you can drive them away. Old busses are sometimes made into RV/campers/caravans, used to shuttle workers between factories, etc. Churches and church schools often have similar busses to move groups, but they are often painted white and never yellow. Only government busses used for school children can be painted yellow, to not allow anybody to run a fake school bus for nefarious purposes. City busses that are used as public transport via cash payment/bus pass are bigger and heavier duty, and have a coin box for fares, etc.
Ah, back when a family-friendly restaurant could have a "flaming sundae" on the menu, made with actual fire. The beef might not have been flame-grilled, but the ice cream can be!
That's the same combination as my luggage!
Any may-issue permit brings personal bias into the process.
Yeah, I'm a graphics guy and the darkened highlights and blue color tone were about a subtle as a board to the face. I get the cold and distant feel they were trying to introduce, but finesse it a bit. My theory is that by being heavy-handed with it that the color matching was easier. Bang every scene's color flat with a hammer and they all fit together. It fixes sins of unmatched camera colors and bad exposure in one fell swoop, the two things that harm continuity in video.
All good. Just remember, if this was an issue, ARs would become runaway full auto guns whenever you chambered a round. With no off switch. There has been thought about this and testing put into making sure this does not happen.
As someone with lots of pictures of sticks where hummingbirds used to be, great capture. Hyper little things.
One thing to think about with cameras is file size and bandwidth. Today's cheap storage makes local file saves trivial, but bandwidth to send to a cloud service might be interesting. Upload bandwidth is often much less than download.
It's not that big band was bad, it's that the Beatles hearts were not in making big band music. On top of that, it's a [cover song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGVCQTRBCiY) that does not stray too far from the original.
End of freshman year in college, went to my room to drop off books and catch my radio news fix before lunch. Confirmed as Kurt already. Switched to another station in hopes it was a hoax. The couple of Nirvana conversations overheard on campus sidewalks suddenly made too much sense. Realized like a ton of bricks that I was never going to see Nirvana in concert. Listened to my tapes on my terrible Walkman with the treble cranked so you could catch the lyrics better and let Kurt tell the story that got him here. It was both a shock and not unexpected. And I could never connect quite the same with the songs after that. There had been a bond, a shared sense of misery. But one of us had checked out. I get it Kurt. But dammit dammit dammit dammit why'd ya have to really do it? I didn't want to have to put this distance between us, but one of us has to go on.
Crush them very small and cook for a good 10-15 mins for them to fully break apart. The thickening power goes up as they hydrate and you stir. You will still get a coarse cornmeal texture in the end, as most chips are not finely ground.
Disregard light bulbs, acquire mall ninja paraphernalia.
After the game? Nobody is gonna give you something you have not paid for yet.
As a tall person, I'm already leaning my head.
It's okay to eat fish, 'cause they don't have any feelings.
When you're not sure which stooge you wish to look like.
Poinsettia in corner: Do not want.
I sometimes look up a walkthrough and read up on how to do a section I already passed. Grind through the section again knowing the hints on how to do it right. Find out how to find elemental weaknesses, etc. Sometimes you are using something 1/2 as effective and things just go bad. Also, optimize damage over defense. A good offense is a good defense. Defense has it's place, but you gotta hit hard to survive.
/r/LaserCleaningPorn/
Optical illusion. Move your eyes over the picture. Where you focus, the dots will be white. Edge ones will be black. There are no black dots.
Yeah, but can he do [silent and no name](https://media.giphy.com/media/XuBJvrKHutnkQ/giphy.gif)?
I love my [Caldwell electronic](https://smile.amazon.com/Caldwell-Max-Profile-Electronic-Muffs/dp/B001B8ONZI/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1516820001&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=caldwell+hearing+protection) ones for outdoor/indoor pistol ranges. Indoor w/ rifle? Industrial 32db dumb ears and foam plugs. Max it out.
Prime day in summer always has deals on Amazon devices. Camelcamelcamel.com until then.
Because Tropicana bought the ripe oranges. And the plastic cup guys didn't spend as much on the [flavor pack](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/07/29/100-percent-orange-juice-artificial_n_913395.html). It may be 100% oranges, but it's been teased apart and reassembled.
I had two grandmothers raised on farms in the Depression and I still only scored 4/8. Legit!
How did you smoke the filter was my first thought. Good one!
Pardon my noob question, but doesn't the exchange have to support an API for Gunbot to work? I have not seen anything about that in announcements. Might be a while if so.
Another tip - Check for identifying marks vs similar models/years, do some Google Images research. Shrink-wrapping is easy to do, don't trust "unopened". Seller can buy new version, pop old one in new box, instant profit. Case-kept adult owned electronics can look deceivingly new. Source - Wife worked in retail and they opened/resealed returns so as to not sell bricks, etc.
Looks like I need to upgrade past those 338 Lapua plates.
Add a couple of circuses and you are good to go.
Big Hairspray was behind this.
I've started using only natural release on meats and like the results. Quick release causes boiling bubbles to burst in the meats, leading to a shredded/mushy texture that's not the good kind of softness.
The lengths pet birds will go to avoid flying can be amusing
I've run into people in hysterics, but never in the life-threatening sort of situations where a face-slap will be forgiven. It can only effective if the problem is nonsensical circular thinking/obsession where the face slap distracts long enough to break the cycle.
Is that a tree eating a wooden handle? I, for one, welcome our new cannibalistic tree overlords.
I think there is an unread subtext of the [1979 energy crisis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1979_energy_crisis) to the ad. When the average car was getting 15 mpg, a small motorcycle that used nearly 4x less gas was the way for young poor guys to be able to afford to drive. Add not spending time in gas lines, lane splitting in traffic, and Easy Rider coolness factor. The coolness is taken down a few notches with the Japanese bike vs Harley from back when they were badass, but it beats being the guy who walks places. Yeah, the ad is cliched as hell. But there were a lot of factors adding to the truth of it. Cool, frugal, and being able to drive around with your girl? Tons of these types of bikes out there.
I once had a combination of undercooked beans and rice, rich with onions, and broccoli. All the cruciferous vegetables that cause gas plus half raw beans. That afternoon I worried my gut would explode while still letting out massive toots. And this was while I was still mostly vegetarian and my gut was used to this stuff!
I went to an H&amp;R Block physical location my first year. Paid $100 for some overweight accountant to read the same thing that's on the screen with the H&amp;R Block program you can download from Amazon. Ripoff if you are reasonably intelligent and willing to read a few help files the first year. If you collect all the tax papers sent on your mortgage and plug them in, you are golden.
Looks like this is a scan of a magazine spread + bad photoshop to fix the gap.
Buffed up Shaggy, solving the crime of who didn't puff puff pass.
[Duck season!](https://i.imgur.com/vmDC9DD.gif)
I would add that DEET in good old mosquito spray is also good to keep em moving. Camped in a terrible spot, pulled 7 off me the first morning alone. Used a hat and socks sprayed generously with OFF. Zero in afternoon. Sprayed some on a picnic table and dropped them on it. They got a lot faster if dropped on the DEET, then slowed down once away.
You may be thinking about bioavailability. Not all of the vitamin may be able to be absorbed by the body, so if you have 100&amp;#37; of the need by weight, but only 50&amp;#37; absorption rate, you really have 50&amp;#37; of the RDA. Vitamin B12 is notorious for this, and will have tens of thousands of the percent of daily need due to a 2&amp;#37; ish absorption rate. IE go way over because so little ends up being used.
Thought this was /r/shubreddit for a moment.
First call the company and find your options. This is custom stuff not best handled online, phone is pretty much required. If you decide to keep the account, one option is to tell the truth that you moved out and a family member still has a card. They can re\-issue a card with a new number and expiry date to lock out old users. You can request lockdowns, etc. too. Card companies carry insurance against fraud, and you helping them not get defrauded is a big help. They will work with you closely. Also, think about obtaining a credit protection service like Lifelock or similar. They can guide you today and prevent future theft.
I have been here and can confirm it is quite a unique experience. So many manicured beaches in the past, this was like a quick trip to living in a land after people. The surrounding salt marshes make for a rich lush environment and are also interesting to visit as well.
Amazon carries the IP and OP could make a small commission off any sale via web links, emails, etc. if they join the Associates program.
The real deal can be fairly cheap, just buy one at the hardware store and take out the innards. Makes a good under a rock container as well.
For cold thickening, try xanthan gum. No need to boil it. On amazon and you use it by the pinch so it's ultra cheap. I keep it on hand to thicken salsas, salad dressings, etc.
RE: Don't quit your day job. If you want to find someone who can't fit all the odd jobs they are willing to do on the front of their business card, look to hire a life coach or motivational speaker. You'll find everything from career counseling to house painting and interior decorating on their skill list.
Most likely only powerful enough to just crack the block. This renders the engine just as dead. Could have also just punched a hole in the radiator and if the owner of said car is not a Kevin will realize that the eventual overheat will also crack the head. Shooting at [steel plates](https://ads.midwayusa.com/product/476323/us-ballistics-steel-target-3-8-ar500-gong-8-round?utm_medium=shopping&amp;utm_source=connexity&amp;utm_campaign=Shooting+-+Targets&amp;utm_content=476323&amp;cm_mmc=pf_ci_connexity-_-Shooting+-+Targets-_-U.S.+Ballistics-_-476323) to make a gong sound is a common practice. This gong is rated for most common rifle rounds and is only 3/8" thick.
Old Paul \- "Thish guy shtole my tie. He'sh greaaat!"
This girl's going places. Just not to carryout pizza joints, mind you. They hate the competition.
In the end, it has to be some simple electric solenoid that flips the safety to fire. Rip it all out and manually set it to fire or apply power to that solenoid and your "smart" gun can be defeated. Hell, apply a software patch that just permanently sets $fire=TRUE. It's a complex system that can be defeated at many levels.
[Richmond](https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeupAddiction/comments/23kakw/not_the_usual_mua_but_damn_does_richmonds_makeup/) quit listening to Cradle of Filth long enough to found [Goth 2 Boss](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1M7Kwl81A).
By that logic, pizza shop workers have never made a single pizza. Calm down.
&gt;Why is the drink so fucking dark? Worcestershire sauce is good stuff, but does leave a noticeably darker color to the drink. Also hella shadow in the photo, lemons are not that dark either.
Gettin' mean, plumb mad dog mean.
Back when copy and paste meant using real glue.
[Vega](http://68.media.tumblr.com/5c77f482d30b9c50743c9086a906cde4/tumblr_inline_o2g6evpBxS1sf5gkm_500.jpg) normally goes for his rake, glad to see he branched out.
Just keeps on giving...
I think HF stopped at 4x8. Northern Tool has a [5x8](https://www.northerntool.com/shop/tools/product_200612541_200612541), but no experience.
Hard to identify unless suffering a [fatal heart attack](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_QqvfSFxx5rI/Sv9pkGPRAvI/AAAAAAAASBQ/tgdjuMsW9I0/s320/Image108_yurk.jpg).
Try a health food store with a bulk foods department for oddball dried stuff.
The lucky cat appears to also have the same frozen facial expression. This shop seen some shit.
That's it. Switched to Slurm to be safe.
In high school during this period, my humble take: Metallica was founded to be an alternative to hair bands like Poison, and as such was well\-loved. Their purposefully intelligent take on metal put them in stark contrast. They were at the top of their game and had not devolved to infighting and personalities. The Napster/illegal MP3 fight late 90's came after the black album and sealed their fate as a washed up band. Guns and Roses were loved for their musical stylings, but we all knew they were a personality powder\-keg. They were just a fun band. Nirvana was something different. Musically they were a breath of fresh air. Personalty came into play due to Kurt, and his suicide was not a surprise to anyone. Notorious for his severe depression. The most contentious for fans, got way too much radio play and wore out the "meh" crowd fast. Also had the most rabid fans, and the Kurt's entry to the 27 club sealed that fate.
I got roaches in an apartment when my dog scratched a hole in the wall. Patch any new holes first. Canned spray bombs worked well. Pain to use but they do the trick and there are no hiding places. Good on fleas too.
This also plays to FOMO, Fear Of Missing Out. China has proven it's possible be a tech giant, and that's an age\-old country\-level rivalry. For all it's faults, everybody would be better off in N.K. if they had a more Chinese laissez faire economy. This is how you sell. Paint a picture of what could be. The fact China has done it already just helps sell it.
Netflix thought about a That 90's Show, but instead they just kept Friends on streaming.
nah, do it all the time. The flames stay under the pan, and unless you flail around like a spastic no oil should reach the underside. Just keep a big plate handy that's the right size to cover in case of flames.
/r/StopTouchingMe/
If a political story comes out of left field, you can pretty much assume it's to wag the dog.
*Tony tries making a sandwich in Make-Believe Land. Clad in a bathrobe, hung-over, and mumbling to self.* *Daniel Tiger squeaks on and on in the background* Tony: "This guy! I'm gonna chop off that fukin' hand! Do ya little fake cat puppet bullshit then!" Christopher: " Whoa, whoa whoa, easy paisan!!! He's gotta finish the show so we get paid!"
And they settled in [Nauvoo, Illinois](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nauvoo,_Illinois) after that. Violence there forced them to flee to Salt Lake City. The park there now is a pretty cool historical location.
Rancid oil has a stomach churning smell, trust your nose.
At least it's not Little Links.
Just watch for the fat which does not preserve as well. Jerky is often made from a very lean cut. Trim the big bits for sure. It will work, but you will need to refrigerate and eat in a week or two. That said, your idea sounds wonderfully tasty. The pre-nitrated meat should improve your storage time vs a plain roast.
The art of choosing an apartment is to find a nice one (less broken sinks, etc) in a decent neighborhood for a decent price. It will probably be "pick two". Just make sure you have decent access to services. IE laundromat nearby, grocery, etc. Worst apartment I had was cheap, but not near work or shopping. Gas and car repairs killed savings and wasted my time.
I know a guy who got a write-up for wearing a clean pair of jeans on a Saturday. Make-up day for a weather-related shutdown. At a call center. When he was only doing paperwork and no calls. Office dress rules can be arbitrary and harsh, just roll with the punches and ask a co-worker next time what they wear and emulate.
Somewhere, Herman Cain just cracked his trademarked grin.
I don't care if she's from Iran!
It's just so you match your Four Loko can.
As a 90s web designer, TRIGGERED
In the old days, we had two options. Write HTML that worked in Netscape and Explorer with tons of hacks, or put up a "best viewed with" badge to download Explorer, like this. However, I did hear the REEEE in my head each time I saw this on a non windows machine which could not run Explorer.
The amount of time to train a horse for trail riding alone is crazy. If you get a horse, it has to be a serious ongoing hobby.
For low-fat DIY salad dressings, I have taken to adding a little xanthan gum to thicken. You can buy it on Amazon and it takes very little, a literal pinch to start. Up all the other flavorful liquids in the recipe. Salt and sour is good, these don't have the calories of oils. Last, add xanthan gum to make it less runny, as fats often are the thickeners of traditional dressings.
TJs cookies, crackers and nuts last long and are well worth it.
*heartbeat sound*
This will pass, but it may take a while. It's just the nature of who closers are, middlemen without much skin in the game. They don't have to be back-slappin' happy like everyone else, they know the ducks are 99% in a row when you enter the room. They don't have to sell you, and you won't back out by that point. You, on the other hand, are having second thoughts by this point, and now meet these folks who seem detached from it all. In a sense, they are. You'll grow to like your house and your new ability to scrawl your signature faster.
There's ya problem, ya got the switch set to EVIL.
Your stomach area can really shrink down is all. Muscles here are used to breathe, so it's important to have lots of room to move. I was a really skinny as a kid and could scare people when I did it. Looked like I was starving to death. Now I'm fat and jolly and just look semi-normal.
Iron rusts almost instantly, much faster that steel which is iron alloyed with other less rusting metals. This is why heating the pan to dry the water drips is important, the water puddles and rusts your pan otherwise.
Why not both? Acid eats at seasoning making it thin, water rusts the iron and gets plenty of time. It gets better once the seasoning is good and thick, but I just avoid tomatoes in my CI because it's too much work if I'm wrong.
Large roasts are about the only thing I can think of where time changes on size. Thick roasts need more time for heat to reach the center.
As someone who has worked at both franchises, I was doubly triggered.
[Approves](https://media1.tenor.com/images/66ea2a9ceb4101aa2cd6d249c5780e74/tenor.gif?itemid=10579690).
Maybe a GDPR cookie warning would suffice. "I am over 21 and agree to cookies. See full terms and conditions."
He needs to sue Snapchat for infringement for his nose-swallowing bit.
And OP is right, the gilding given to him carries an award, free premium status.
You can do the same thing without the laser. Strap upper to something, alone with no bolt. Have a friend tape a target to the wall so you can see it through the barrel like a glassless scope. Align sights onto same paper while strapped in, done! I have one of those cheap lasers and it tad off, as in each time it chambered the laser hit somewhere else, quarter-degree off or something. Rotation of the "shell casing" changed it up. The visual down the bore seems to work better for me and is cheap to boot.
I'm a bit older than the average American Redditor and feel this slang used to be common, but has faded. I think it was because in the old days, phones were a lot quieter in the analog age before computerization. More phone line distance = quieter sound because long lines sapped the power. Plus there was a powerful background sound of snapping, hissing and popping sounds constantly to compete with. And even short distance in town calls could go through a crappy switch and be quiet, just like bad cell reception today, but bad wires instead. So you had to nearly yell into the phone for some calls to be heard. My first long distance calls where we both had digital sound on a landline were crazy. We both had to tell each other to quit yelling, it was so ingrained. TL;DR: You did have to shout at the phone in the past, and the slang is fading unevenly.
Yes, and it's funny when five o'clock shadow is lighter than the rest of your face. My dad got sick of his beard one June day before work, but it was too late. The tanline was there, but the beard was gone. Came home and did some work in the garden immediately to try and even things out a bit.
I have been a service worker, so thank you for thinking of them. However, it's a job, and it's not a surprise to them. You get to choose your path in life, and they chose that one. Hotels are packed around the holidays, as lots of folks are visiting family in tiny apartments, or they don't all get along with their N's either. :) That said, be cheerful and thankful to everyone working. A smile and "Thanks for being here on Christmas!" can go a long way to feeling appreciated in a largely thankless job. And you can be the consummate capitalist and leave a tip, something that is always appreciated. Nobody hates cash!
I don't understand a word you're sayin', son.
Inch-ish at 25 feet, longest I could do in my tiny house. It was enough to get me off paper at my 50yd range but roughly there.
I recently replaced a 30-40yo unit. The repair guys said thanks but no thanks on repairs, parts are non-existent. Ya gonna have to bite the bullet on this one, most likely sooner.
*fuck off*
Sweet potato after a shotgun wound.
The smallest minority is the individual. Until we understand that *what* right we are fighting for is unimportant, we will continue to fall into this trap. Identity politics is a way to create artificial divisions to distract from this.
George Thorogood is unabashedly a rocker who covers the blues.
When was the last time you cleaned? Carbon buildup at the throat of the barrel can mess up timing. I have a boresnake that I run first thing to rule it out before I go crazy testing theories.
/r/keming
My take on why IP is safer: IP's automatic temperature handling is safer than stovetop where you had too much heat most of the time. It watches the pot and timer for you. Second benefit from this? The quieter operation of the IP is soothing compared to that rocking weight hissing on top from the old days. Very little escaping steam because of optimized temp. All new pressure cookers also have a safety interlock so you can't open them under pressure, which is the real winner here. The lid open and close sound is a fun little reminder. Also point out how thick the inner pot is with the notches near the lid. The IP is pretty sturdy, don't let the thin plastic and steel exterior fool you. For recipes, maybe steam some whole potatoes and let it do natural release for 15 mins afterwards so there is no pressure? Set it and walk out of the room. Make 'em into mashed 'taters later.
One theory on this I have heard is that lack of water makes them hotter, as the plant is defending itself against the hard times ahead. The ones that get cracks are often hotter, and this supports the theory. Dry spell is slow growth, then cracks after growing too fast from a rain.
I go a tad longer. Heat 'em just until they start to puff a tiny bit, flip and mere seconds on the other side. The puffed areas get crispy and the rest stays warm and chewy, so good.
A note on trail mix, peanuts have a similar chemical to explosives in them, so you will get a manual bag check at security. Not a reason to skip them, but I make sure to keep it near the top so they find it fast and declare you clean. No lasting consequences, they just have to certify why the machine beeped.
Couple of classic rock ones: Hotel California - The Eagles. Happy chorus hides sinister verses Born In The U.S.A. - Bruce Springsteen. Same split, and doubly funny since conservatives love a blatantly anti-war song.
Yeah, brought one of those multi-pound bags of peanut and M&amp;M mix in my carry-on, and the security guy looked legit scared. I had just opened the bag like five minutes before as my breakfast before the red-eye flight and it reeked of peanuts. Probably pegged the sensor for it and freaked him out.
They can't see us, asshole. We're in the spirit world!
Funny, because the [inventor of cornflakes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Harvey_Kellogg) was a health nut who is definitely is rolling over in his grave over this. Alcohol was "one of the devil's most efficient agents for destroying the happiness of man, both for the present and the hereafter."
[Beef bourguignon](https://cafedelites.com/beef-bourguignon/) is the traditional French red meat in red wine sauce recipe. The only thing I can think of off the top of my head is the lean venison will most likely not render enough fat for the browning steps. Bacon is a common addition to non-traditional recipes and could get you the fat you need. The browning and fond creation in multiple steps is what makes the flavor of the dish.
Considering David Simon moved on to Generation Kill afterwards, his military imagery may be more intentional than you think. It's part of what makes The Wire so epic is that it blends so many influences seamlessly into a singular narrative.
This is the truth. Anyone can [make gelcaps at home](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B07CX5VWYS/ref=sspa_dk_detail_0?psc=1&amp;pd_rd_i=B07CX5VWYS&amp;pd_rd_w=NN9U7&amp;pf_rd_p=f0dedbe2-13c8-4136-a746-4398ed93cf0f&amp;pd_rd_wg=6xAEw&amp;pf_rd_r=X5JTXT4YK4H2MY6C77XB&amp;pd_rd_r=0e28559b-fcb3-11e8-b831-4be24321ce2d) which look like this. Also, lots of cheap supplements come this way because it's so simple and cheap of a system.
Use it in Cajun recipes and the smoke and mix of meats is a plus.
America should have no titles of nobility. Congress is comprised of the people, not some lauded special class. The title is Mr., not His Royal Highness, Archduke of Maryland.
Looks like Napoleon Dynamite found himself a sweet new gig.
Honestly, I use a case w/ a rim around the screen to both protect it and keep it away.
Heat retention will be lower via simple physics in a thinner pan. My Lodge is about 2x as thick as my vintage, and you get a nicer sear on a steak with the extra mass to hold heat. Carbon steel is prized for being lightweight. Woks need to be constantly in motion to stir-fry, which you can do with the lighter weight.
&gt; (tried not to be insulted) Uh, quit trying that and the process should reach the natural conclusion.
Invisible Hand is a browser extension that pops a notice if you are not on the cheapest site it knows. It's not bad but also only does highly popular sites, can often beat it with deep research and a willingness to buy from off the beaten path websites.
Dogs can't be left alone for days like cats. If you are not ready to sacrifice vacations to caring for a dog or finding a friend or kennel, skip the dog. No law says that you have to get one.
Look into [Golden Mountain](https://smile.amazon.com/Golden-Mountain-Seasoning-Sauce-Ounce/dp/B002TRBNOO?sa-no-redirect=1&amp;th=1) sauce for umami with less soy-sauce like flavor. It's my go-to vegetarian flavor booster. It's big in Thai cooking where blending of flavors is a goal, so it plays well with others. There is also plain MSG crystals, but you have to do your own salt and other flavor balancing. GM sauce brings a spectrum of flavors together quite nicely.
While I appreciate the deregulation of beer, don't attach too noble of a reason to it. It could just be [simple nepotism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billy_Beer).
Spark has a limit of one set of logos and color guides, which makes it a non-starter for agency use when you have to manage multiple brands or divisions. Canva seems to have a similar set of brand limitations but otherwise seems to be a simpler interface with more power under the hood.
In the USA, state laws vary, but the wording for justified use of force is generally along the lines of fear of death or great bodily harm. The power differential between women and men gets the ladies almost instant ability to call for great harm via the possibility of fists alone. Weapons in the hands of a woman meet those criteria. A non-typical strength dynamic could flip it, like Steven Hawking getting abused by his wife. As always, discretion is the better part of valor. Avoid conflicts, doubly so where you think it's not gonna look justified to a jury.
Easy test is to try scratching some steel. Push hard with a fingertip. Quartz is similar hardness and will make a wimpy scratch, but diamond will scratch it quite well. This is what the ranger at Crater of Diamonds did to test my day's worth of non-diamonds.
Cowboy caviar, AKA black bean and corn salsa, is a great vegetarian filling. Avocado and sour cream can add the richness it need. Pairs well with meats too for double duty.
Things went wrong after the computer virus infects Geordi's visor and throws him off the trail. 'It looks hot to me, Captain."
Based on your update, you need to find yourself a shelter or good friend who is willing to shelter you and your son before he gets out. That's dangerous physical abuse, and stewing in a cell getting more worked up when it's "your fault" he's in there. it's 100% on him, and the only way to avoid that is be certain you can avoid him. Restraining orders are just pieces of paper, you need a physical plan for when he decides to break the R.O. It's not what you want to do, but what you need to do. You owe it to yourself, your son, and your dad to be there for them. If you won't do it for yourself, do it for the others in your life.
Life loves to crank your problems up to 11 sometimes. The hardest decisions get made in those times, but they are also the most important ones you will make. I have a cousin who had to leave an abusive husband, it's crazy stuff. Still in custody battles years later. But it won't be a decision you will regret later.
The Halloween decorations on the wall in FO4 were the straw that broke the camel's back for me. You can't suspend disbelief when their world looks like ours. It's like a tiny prop in sci-fi movies that's obviously available at Walmart. It has no bearing on the plot, but you forgot which world you are in. It's jarring.
"How about we don't look in there anymore instead?" I did Macintosh tech support for a small design office back in the OS 9 days. The lead designer took it upon himself to delete a fairly important extension because he "didn't like the look of the icon". Well, yeah, it was crap looking. It was part of the text handling system, who needs that? For those unfamiliar, extensions were kinda like startup items and some core DLLs in the Windows world. The equivalent of safe boot in Mac OS was to move all extensions to the Disabled Extensions folder. You never deleted the files.
Alex Jones horrified upon encountering a gay frog, 2018, colorized.
One good trick is to set your phone to vibrate too and set it on top of a metal box, upside down bucket, etc. Turns into a makeshift drum with an annoying buzz.
It's one bulb with two filaments inside it. Since you use high beams so little, it's not burned out yet. When you replace you can see the bulbs are split in half generally.
Ten bucks says the other side of cup says Chad. Nobody has ever lied for fake internet points, right?
My bet is on the chili powder and paprika being the culprit. They both have a bitter aftertaste, something about vinegar and paprika don't play well with each other. I love using them both in other stuff. My trick has been to use Tabasco style red pepper sauces for the heat. That way you know the peppers play nice with vinegar, as it's a major component already. Everything else sounds like my (non) recipe except that I start from a base of ketchup.
A giant pot of chili or spaghetti. It's not that she won't eat it, it's more that I love it so much more. Funny thing is she loves Cincinnati style chili 5-way which is the literal midpoint between my two favorites. And I don't. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
*Homer drooling sound*
You are on to something with the skirt of flooring. It just needs to be wider, around 5-6ft because if the cue ball is against the near edge, you have to stand back from it. Tall players also have to lean forward a lot because they bend over to get down to table level. The big problem then is you have to compensate for the variable weight of the players, including while in motion instead of the fairly set centered weight of the table. Moving background - This is why traditional pool halls have the lights over the table. Dark room = harder to see the rest of the people in the hall moving around. In this case, the hall and people are moving. The traditional ceiling mount won't work here, as the room is moving relative to the table. Maybe some sort of posts at the corners of the moving floor? And your active projection on the walls might work for players but would be quite amusing. The spectators would all be drunken sailors, LOL.
Yeah, there are very few personal milestone ages between 21 (drinking) and 65 (retirement). The distance between the two gets depressing, so you quit thinking about it.
Junkyard might take them but don't expect much if any money.
Possibly a [Geminid meteor,](https://earthsky.org/astronomy-essentials/everything-you-need-to-know-geminid-meteor-shower) nice!
Knife-resize-horizontal: 50%;
First off, ask for some tools for Christmas, that's expensive stuff and important. Socket set and screwdrivers at minimum. As for YouTube, don't be afraid of a fix-it video that's a few years off, especially in Ford trucks. Lots of internals on cars are highly similar and kept for years, or at least close enough that you can work it out for yourself. Last, take phone pics of each step along the way when you disassemble something. Keep swiping back while reassembling and you have a guide to remind you where everything goes.
Those turlingdromes are at it again, writing vulgar test questions. The sort of which get you disinvited to parties where all the molecules in the hostess's undergarments leap simultaneously one foot to the left via a strong Brownian Motion producer.
I have had great success in combining this with the open handed "stop" gesture. Conveys in no uncertain terms that you are not gonna engage, nor do you intend to engage. The polite ones stop immediately, and the rude ones have no idea how to get you worked up. The scary ones were gonna be scary no matter what you did.
Was gonna make an Abcity joke, then I realized I'm dyslexic and Obvious Plant never leaves anything alone, even the poor alphabet. What did it ever do to them?
To add to this, the danger is overcharged powder, IE using too much. This can lead to too much pressure when fired from the gun, causing the barrel of the gun to explode and possibly sending bits of gun flying along with firing the bullet. As your face/hands are nearby and guns are not cheap, folks are naturally a bit scared of this possibility on several levels.
Indiana actually has a law that foreseen consequences require two weeks notice to employees before a closure. Factory got bought out and shut down while still solvent. Only five days notice given. State pursued the owners for skipping out on the remaining week-ish of pay they employees were due. Obviously, unforeseen stuff can't be predicted. No crystal ball on tornadoes tearing down the place, etc.
Godzilla, Mothra, and 12 others like this.
My friendships are based upon phoney calls, is Weird Al my spirit animal?
Dhalism regretted the hair transplant.
"Why? Why you ain't got my money, bitch?" Wendy's first job with the company was in collections.
Big Franks may be the last vestige of my Adventism. Either that or Skallops, I'm a sucker for tartar sauce.
Oh man, I thought for sure the key would get broken off in the lock and cause the bank no end of trouble. This keeps all the non-Andy folks from depositing too. My manager had to take the deposit home once because of this, but he deposited it only hours late instead of weeks and corporate did not care.
That voice cast is pretty star-studded. A recording session with that many top comedians is either gonna be awesome and high energy or completely derailed cat-herding. No doubt they can get a good take though, high hopes.
It's just two drunk guys messing with each other, all friendly meaningless banter. In the days before gay acceptance, calling another guy gay was cause for a serious fight to defend your hetrosexual honor. This was at least a serious beatdown if you did this to a stranger. Bunk and McNulty are both buddies and so it's a fun game of chicken where you see who cracks first. Guys test the boundaries of their friendships by hurling insults at each other and making sure the pressure gage does not go into the red zone. The fact that they can put up with such charged insults from each other is a sign of deep friendship. And it's pure one-upmanship, which I think McNulty won hands down. Contrast this to Bunk's "See that bowlegged motherfucker? I made him walk like that". Bunk and Lester are friends but not close, so he only dares to do this while he's out of earshot. He does not have the level of trust to do this to his face. &amp;#x200B;
Sounds like you like stories about running the long con. Amazon has a lot of these, which I assume OP has from Bosch. Also tons of Wire alumni to be found, doing their character actor bits quite well. Also note that some of these have plot twists so I can't give a good synopsis without massive spoilers for early episodes. Sneaky Pete is another Amazon original that was badly marketed but fun. Peter Gerety, AKA Judge Phelan stars. Justified - Redneck Appalachian Xanax addicts try to out-con each other. Banshee - Cinemax orig, so high on the sex and violence. Latest seasons are not yet Prime. Frankie Faison AKA Burrell as the no-nonsense bartender. Hap and Leonard - More buddy cop/investigator made great with character development. Michael Kenneth Williams, AKA Omar stars. Other media: The author Elmore Leonard, esp if you like Justified which is based on a short story of his.
That haircut and thousand yard stare is so /r/AccidentalRenaissance.
[Bacon or Beer Can?](http://www.baconbeercan.com/)
/r/frugal has a ton of car buying threads, much to learn from them. I'm assuming used and lower budget with your situation, changes up a bit if you are buying new. In that case, play dealer A against dealer B by seeing if they will beat each other's quotes. New cars are the same at either, and being the dealer's friend at the end isn't worth it. Have an extra grand or two in your pocket instead.
Suitable? Ask at a parts store, they can look it up and quote. Usually 2-3 price points, longer warranty and more power in expensive ones. Cheap or midgrade if you live in cold. Get quotes from multiple stores and compare. $100-$130 is my guess. Sign up for emails from the big shops and sometimes they give out generic coupons for deals, sign up for rewards, etc. Also know about the core charge. Batteries must be recycled and have a $20 value. You must pay this at purchase time and get it back when you bring in old dead one. If you can drive it and they replace it (autozone in USA does this) you can skip it because they are immediately getting it so no need to bribe you to return, they just take it in once the new one is installed.
Don't discount fighting as a use. Part of a weapon's use is the psychology of it all. A foot-long blade has a certain level of implied threat vs a small kitchen knife. You want to give some fear to your attacker, make them think twice. I'm not saying to rely on fear as a self-defense strategy, but it's a nice touch when your attacker flees in fear. With no guns in the house, a giant blade is nice home security upgrade.
I'm gonna take a pic of the losing cards at the store for messaging inspiration.
Sister in Law: Our family loves Netflix, we watch it all the time! But not any more. Me: Why not? SIL: Because (best friend) changed the password because we were always blocking them from watching, so mean of her! Can we use your password? Me: No.
You're no threat to me, man-animal!
I love exploding small minds by saying the NRA is America's oldest private civil rights group.
[Toby from HR](https://66.media.tumblr.com/3301c84967f9cc7d663c56547216f09c/tumblr_p8qfogQrMK1tovmb9o3_540.gif) would like to talk to you.
Ok, she needs to team up with an animation team to make the ~~Japanese~~ Asian Wallace and Gromit. Edit: My poor country comprehension.
No idea what it is, but lots of old tools had the ability to replace the wooden handles since it's the cheap weak part.
Catlass was less well known than Atlas, and could only carry the weight of cabinets on his shoulders.
I think that's Hide the Pain Harold's orange housecat.
^(by grabthar's hammer, what a savings....)
Well, you put Officer Barbrady on the task, what did you expect?
Ahh, good old doublespeak from the supposed novel 1984: “The past was alterable. The past never had been altered. Oceania was at war with Eastasia. Oceania had always been at war with Eastasia.” *Point at a problem, say it's always been a problem.*
Birdshot is small, so yes, it does horrific damage. However, because each tiny pellet is light, it stops fast. So you get a horrific hole in your skin, but it's only an inch or two deep. This is far less likely to kill you than 00 buckshot, which is small marble sized and heavy, vs birdshot's sand-sized shot.
At close range, yes. Shotguns spread in a cone shape in front of the gun, so when going against small birds at a distance, the shot spreads out. The tiny shot is effective against small birds, and with more pellets, it's more likely to hit. Shotguns are about trading chances to hit (small light shot) vs power/wound depth (large heavy shot).
But you could still get pulled over and face a ticket for obstructed view.
Duct tape gets a gleeful look on its face.
I thought from the thumbnail that she was holding a small poodle instead of a bouquet.
damn, knockoff [Sornys](https://frinkiac.com/img/S07E14/121387.jpg) now too?
Another reason I heard is that side profile stacks your vital organs so you are more likely to get fatal damage from a single shot via connect the dots.
Message for you, Sir! *clutches arrow in chest*
One week of all work and no play, fiding everything wrong with the place, while living out of boxes? No wonder you hate it. Make it yours with pictures on the walls, matching towels in the bathroom, etc. Fifteen years in I still think my living room is too small. But it's home and I'm used to all the minor flaws now. It gets better with the perspective of time.
*accidentally puts it in 1st gear* *asks back passenger for lift assist.*
The catcher delivering things directly to the wheels. This is either perfect or horrible, depending on how you plan to use it.
Donut is being Donut there at the end also reminds me of the restaurant episode earlier in the season. He's a fish out of water, driving in his crazy style like he's still in the projects, not in suburbia. The reasons for it are diverse, from youth to love of the game, but lack of driving school and a proper driver's license are the big too. But in the end, he lacked the understanding of the refinement required of him to not stick out like a sore thumb on these quiet streets. The game is the game, and everybody either plays or gets played by it. We know Donut is going to get caught, he always does. But just like everyone else, he's gonna keep on keeping on. Damn the pedestrians, full speed ahead.
Feeding the kid nothing but cheese for a while may reduce the odds of pooping.
Probably some Photoshoppery, but I have seen these in real life and they are pretty intense. Even bad cell phone shots do them justice, unlike normal skies. The OP photo is at sunset for the extra color, so it may not be as far off as you would think.
Michigan people are cool with it, has the UP so all is good.
Wild guess, but this Kevina sounds like a narcissist. The 5 rating is because they are always the best at everything that has ever lived, and the "what if I don't feel anything" is their total lack of empathy. Smoking in the apartment? That's a rule for the little people, not the best who has ever been like her!
Bet she sleeps with Ben Gay though.
Plasti-dip is a thin layer of rubber, so it's very stretchy and not going to add any structure. Perhaps poke some hanger wire into the foam?
I was just at a national park tent camping and the ranger asked how big my pickup was, to which I blanked out. She said it was all cool as long as I fit in the space, laughed, and asked no further. They did have tiny driveways though, so it's definitely about blocking the road.
I legit thought this was some sci-fi floating thing from the thumbnail. Engage levitate!
Louise from Bob's Burgers, the early years.
New BEEF flavor!
Big reason is that jury members cannot have been exposed to any media coverage of the evidence. Back in the day, it was nearly impossible to find a jury for the OJ Simpson's trial because he ran from the police Friday night in prime time. Everybody saw his long low-speed chase as all the broadcast networks cut to cover it. This was before cable/streaming was the biggest thing.
[Half pans](https://smile.amazon.com/Focus-Foodservice-Commercial-Bakeware-Aluminum/dp/B00188AJN6/ref=sr_1_11?keywords=foodservice+half+pans&amp;qid=1559994416&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-11) are the foodservice way, and double as baking trays. Full pans are gonna be hell to fit in an apartment. .
For those confused, in the Bible Leviticus forbids shaving, eating shellfish, and wearing garments of mixed fiber types in the same passage denouncing gays, all things which Christians have moved on from.
It's found in high concentrations in the lungs of drowning victims!
This is delightfully awful, although that one eye looks like he had a run-in with Gorgeous George.
"One to make you larger, and one to make you small... But the ones that mother gives you, don't do anything at all..."
Try Warframe. Emphasizes co-op battles and is free to play so you can get a good feel before you choose to pay into it. Still has post-game stats so you can see who contributed the most for the psycological win.
It's almost acceptable until the double hood, that's an abomination. And it still does not fit...
Love the dad's fall/kick imparting enough spin to keep the kid in play.
Maybe shrink wrap? Is it thick, sorta waxy, and semi-transparent? You use a heat gun to create an airtight seal and protect steel parts. Source - Had a job repackaging returned tractor parts and making sure the heatshrink wrap had no holes was part of the job.
Hannibal Lecter from The Silence of the Lambs belives in ceilings: “I collect church collapses, recreationally. Did you see the recent one in Sicily? Marvelous! The facade fell on sixty-five grandmothers at a special mass. Was that evil? If so, who did it? If he's up there, he just loves it, Officer Starling. Typhoid and swans - it all comes from the same place.”
Bosseyedness is not a reason to be in a cell!
I use some "Meat Tenderizer" from the spice aisle. Uses papain, a pineapple enzyme to do the magic. It produces too soft/mushy of a result for most marinading of solid meats, but it's great to quickly make cheap ground beef tender. Do note that it has some salt in the mix, so adjust to taste. The other idea I have had is to pressure cook it, but getting the liquid level right would be fun and it's not a speedy process. Should make for the result you want, however. Good flavor infusion as a side benefit.
POLYESTER
Most states that have legalized weed have not expunged the records of those convicted earlier. So their crime is not a crime today, yet they still serve time. It's about two sets of rules.
Tim Kaine's clone army had some budget setbacks.
There's already a knockoff of this, Cash of Cans. It's a hobo/aluminum recycling simulator.
Hey, at least they can't lay Skyline Chili on us. Might have to think on that vs possum jerky. Never understood Fuck Ohio until I discovered that culinary disaster.
Now I want to play billiards with blanks. You break with a 50 BMG, your 7.62 x 39 AK is your utility hitter, and you have a 22 pistol for short finesse shots.
I think this is the hit squad looking for [JP Sears](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oht9AEq1798).
And to further confuse it, you can take the Mackinac Bridge to the upper peninsula from Mackinaw City, which are both pronounced the same. The city decided to de-French-ify their name, so now we have two spellings for the exact same word. Also, the bridge goes past Mackinac Island for which it is named, but not to it for extra irony. The only way there is by boat/ferry.
The top half of the pistol around the barrel is called the slide because it does exactly that, slide backward with the explosive force of the round being fired. [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HElQk2wEY5w) shows it in slow motion. The beavertail is the black bit on the very back, a guard to keep the web of your hand from creeping up the grip and into the fast-moving slide's path. His thumb is above it and guaranteed to have a bad time if he actually fired it.
I feel your pain on glasses smudges. My trick has been to clean my glasses with a mix of 1 part 90% isopropyl alcohol to 5 parts water. Just spray that on and work it with your clean fingers. A mini spray bottle is good stuff here. Rinse with sink water. Now use the microfiber cloth to dry it. Last lots longer like a dishtowel vs dishrag, clean things stay clean. You can find the isopropyl at the drugstore. Just don't use rubbing alcohol, which has a lotion added and will cause even more smudges.
Looks like the snack size plate of BBQ for those gainz.
George Foreman frowns on your choice of small electrical appliance used.
OP just removed all the wood that wasn't Batman, duh! /r/restofthefuckingowl for all your step-skipping needs
The usual, hike my pants up to my waist and yell at the clouds, perhaps peruse the latest Oatmeal Enthusiast.
Eh, I got the 18-volt cordless hammer from [Horror Fraught](https://theboardgamingway.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Tools-ad.jpeg), I'm good.
Time to play [Find the Fish!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QanC47gRBaE)
You might want to look into the Cerberus app for some of the stolen phone functionality. If the budget is tight, you can install the free version and upgrade to paid remotely. And make sure someone else knows your plan and how to run the tech, no use if nobody can get the signals!
Been around forever, so it predates them. I seek it out for solace whenever I buy/want to buy something stupid from Harbor freight.
Both are the trigger. The inner one is a safety feature which must be pressed at the same time. If the outer edge snags on a holster edge, etc, the trigger will not fire because the inner one is not snagged. Prevents shooting yourself in the leg while holstering, a feature that nobody argues with much.
If you are up for a British detour: IT Crowd - Big crossover fan club from Better Off Ted Black Books Little Britain Father Ted
Having an extra empty grill space to flip onto helps with the second set of sear marks. That way both directions got equally hot. Otherwise, your second set can be lackluster because the first robbed all the searing heat.
Yeah, WD has been PC nerfed already. At launch when you first met the enchantress they would have an exchange like this: Ench: Does everyone in your tribe dress like this?!? *A noticeable concern in her voice* WD: No, some wear *even less*.
What if we marketed a winecooler to guys, but removed the sickening sweetness and in-your-face flavors which mask the horribleness of the cheap malt liquor base? That's a win, right? What say you, marketing dept?
That branch reflection looks just like torn metal
If this were a videogame, I would say to avoid the plants growing out the window, they may be cursed.
Can't be, eyes are too small.
There was a splash, he had to dash. Why is this so hard to understand?
From what I understand they have to make the front and back overhangs removable exactly because of this. And sweeping every lane when you turn too.
I had an apartment where I could drop off my monthly rent money at the bank, but they insisted on cash or check for my startup deposit exactly because that was shady. Checks have a "Pay to the order of" so there is legal recourse if the person cashing it is not who you wrote in there. The teller asked my apartment number, and the landlord was INSISTENT that I never left without having that on the receipt. Unless I felt a need to contribute to the general operation cost and not my rent. So pay with a check so that the WHO is paid and WHAT is paid for is written down and traceable.
Great use for the stems is in carne asada marinade. Chop the leaf end off and reserve for the tacos, then bruise the stems with the back of a knife and place them in the marinade overnight. Good strong flavor and no waste or slimy leaves to pick off.
In this sue-happy day and age, I'm guessing ghosting falls under the "Can't be quoted on what we never said" principle. Keeps you thinking maaaaybe, strung out and not solidly rejected/sue happy/prone to violence.
This is what The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has to say on the subject of flying: There is an art, or, rather, a knack to flying. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss. Pick a nice day and try it.
Check out the Yongnuo brand on Amazon. No idea how to pronounce it, but they make great flashes for a lot less.
Gru: GORLS, who wrote this?
Buster, you put those credits up RIGHT NOW for mother!
iStock won't list photos with brand logos on them. It's also a trick to keep your photo more timeless, as generic rectangle will still be a phone style for years, not months for identifiable phones.
Not OP, but a fellow salsa lover with the same blender. The high power can pulverize the skins until it's smooth and unnoticeable. Changes the game. Pulse some of the onion just a little at the end if you want chunky.
I have heaped my fair share of derision on photo op good deeds like soup kitchen duty for 5 mins by politicians. Now I have to justify them at least *finding* someone doing something about the problem. AOC failed even that low bar. Photo ops at least call attention to those trying to fix it. Also curious if the boys in blue that are her backdrop were willing participants in this charade.
So say we all.
I've had good luck with turning the pan upside down over the burner. May need to move it around to heat the edges properly, but the bell effect of it will trap some heat and get it started. This also is a good trick for fixing the seasoning on the bottom of the pan.
Want to see if I've got the minerals?
Is no sleep, only rest eyes.
And don't wait until it's too late, stay ahead of the game. Car got hit in my driveway by my garbage man when he got heat stroke and veered off. Had a fresh cold Gatoraid next to him.
&gt;big bore cartridge like 454 Casull or 45/70. There is one issue with powerful cartridges and revolvers - [Cylinder gap](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x35tz76). Link goes to Mythbusters showing you could lose a finger with 500 S&amp;W from the escaping blast. The Rosi Circuit Judge skips this by shooting low pressure 410 shotgun or 45 Colt, an old black powder cartridge.
Not sure if it's the man on the moon or Trump at [11/10 stoned](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwif9Iu39YzjAhUGQ80KHaOnAhgQjRx6BAgBEAU&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fknowyourmeme.com%2Fmemes%2F10-guy&amp;psig=AOvVaw1usmHHBVlglqMWH2cpoCTS&amp;ust=1561836745751289).
Better dead than red. *get off my lawn, kid.*
[Londo is confused by this](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=2ahUKEwi58ciy-YzjAhWOWM0KHXPEBgcQjRx6BAgBEAU&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fobservationdeck.kinja.com%2Fwhat-would-you-like-to-hear-londo-mollari-from-babylon-1619618507&amp;psig=AOvVaw3kUYNa9eCCMxVvNPvB-nNQ&amp;ust=1561837713075266).
I hear ya on the needing healthy stuff bit. Got some inspiration from this site: [https://joyofblending.com/](https://joyofblending.com/)
We all live in a rusty submarine, rusty submarine, rusty submarine. *everybody now!*
With how fast those blades go, I would expect them to all share similar amounts of damage from debris. The second blade hits so fast the object never moved. The mismatch makes me think this is a manufacturing/blade heat treatment problem.
Keeping cats away while resin cures is important due to hairs in the mix. Try using an overturned clean storage container with something to weigh it down and prevent sliding.
Fallout 3. *I don't want to set the world on fiiiiire...*
/r/slowcooking will help more, but beans are the best in my experience. Salt, some onion, and a little meat, even leftovers, will do wonders. Fatty pork is magical in beans. Pork butt is generally a cheap cut and turns into magic in the crockpot.
Are the two blurred origs pulsing for anyone else?
The 3d middle image is solid and stable for me, but the two originals that you see blurred in the peripheral seem to jump around or pulse/shake for me. Never seen that before, odd.
"I can see your Swartz is as big as mine."
Cute, but I am worried about the budget cuts in the next Spider-Man movie.
I get snarky. "Shame about all those blacksmiths out of jobs shoeing horses. Oh, wait. They're called mechanics now. I'll have a job, even if you can't imagine it."
Down is also worthless for warmth when wet, collapses like cotton candy. You need poofy to stay warm. Synthetic tends to still provide some value when wet, and it's cheaper and easier to care for.
Looks like a giant strip of corkboard. Needs some giant pushpins.
When rodeo clowns want to change their profession to rodeo riders
Vary the amount of water to match your particular rice and favorite texture. Undercooked = ran out of water, cannot soften more. Mushy = too much water absorbed and it fell apart.
I mean, it's meant to cushion the blow to a relatively brain-sized nut after being dropped from a tall height out of a tree. Even if it lost some integrity with the cuts, it's doing something highly similar in nature.
Maps and guides too. I did some prep before a Yellowstone vacation but 0% cell phone coverage for a week showed how much you use it to find and plan things.
Does not look closely for cameras, looks too closely at flames. Sounds about right.
You don't need to wait that long on guns. Civil war era [black powder replica guns](https://www.cabelas.com/category/Black-Powder-Revolvers/567338580.uts) are lower-powered than modern guns and thus cheaper to make. Incredibly popular with both reenactors and fans of westerns. All gun guys with a decent collection have what they call "range toys." Guns that are very over or underpowered for any real use, too unreliable, etc. but still fun to make holes in paper targets. They are like car guys with a Model T. Fun to drive on a Sunday afternoon on the backroads, but you are never going to pile in the family and head cross-country in it on the freeway. Impractical things can still be a lot of fun.
Suddenly I want an apple.
(Un)noisy Cricket.
I'm a web designer by trade. Around 2002ish, the two big names in software for the graphics industry were Macromedia and Adobe. They were trading lawsuits like crazy, alternately claiming that one was copying the other's interface. Stock reporters were claiming Macromedia was going to get killed. I saw the Macromedia team coming up with unique solutions and rolling out constant updates to dodge the lawsuits. It was childish finger-pointing. Macromedia finally invented the modern slider/docked sidebar method that is popular today and the lawsuits stopped. Stock kept tanking, I started investing. Bounced back 2.5x once it blew over. Should have stayed on board when Adobe bought them out to get the better solution they made, but never second guess taking a good profit.
Would it help to confuse it if we ran away more?
Seconding this. Positive praise while doing their business outside really turned it around when housetraining my pup. Dogs want to please, so make sure they get the message and make it fun. Positive reinforcement is always stronger, do it whenever possible. Source: Dog in an apartment and I had to act the fool with baby voice praises in a common dog run area. Still better than cleaning up poop in private.
If a one-hour wait/delay is OK, you could use no-knead bread dough for your crust. Extremely forgiving and easy to work. If you have multiple days and fridge space, cold proofing is possible to get some sourdough flavor.
The 1911 is named for the year of its creation, and it's a true classic gun. Lots of modern guns owe a debt to it. Much like classic cars, it is American made, solid steel, powerful, and fun to shoot. And too expensive. There have been a lot of advances in the last century in gun tech, but we still build new 1911's because it's that good. Not the most popular, but outlasted a lot of competitors. It was the USA's standard-issue sidearm until Vietnam, so it's also embedded in boomer culture. However, there is an odd cult that believes it's the best gun ever to this day and won't hear anything else. And I mean cult, religious devotion to the idea. The 1980s and Glocks started the divide, and they just never saw how using plastic to weigh 1/3 less or double the round count was important. TL;DR: Old guys like what they grew up with.
I took drivers ed in '90 and we walked past a classroom full these, never fired up.
/r/slygifs
1. Practice at home/write notes to yourself. Even if you don't read them, knowing that you know your stuff is important. Confidence comes from familiarity. Overprep will just make you confident. And that is rarely a bad choice. Know your shit is 9/10ths the battle. 2. Nailing a left field question because you followed #1 is like karma magic. Oh, you thought you could trap me? Boss has a problem with the cat getting their tongue? Haha. You own this bitch. Luck favors the prepared. 3. CBD sublingual oils from a reputable shop. Seriously. It will kill your anxiety and allow you to be the smooth operator you are meant to be. Shut up, internal voice of failure.
Install[this plugin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/recipe-filter/ahlcdjbkdaegmljnnncfnhiioiadakae?hl=en) and skip to the real deal
In the oldskool game Oregon Trail you went west and hopefully didn't die of dysentery along the way. In the 2020 reboot you have to save up to move east before you die of dysentery.
I love how the original poster is a bit sbubied too. The photoshoot with Sean Connery was done with a BB gun instead of the real thing from the movie. The painter did not get the message passed on. It still has a really thin barrel instead of the thicker real deal that was supposed to be painted. James Bond looking badass holding a sorta-toy.
One method I saw a while back for the western states of the USA was to go back to adobe/hacienda style traditional clay tile roofing and mud walls, or similar modern fire-retardant construction. No more tar shingles which are like firestarters, and sparks land and stay there, bad combo. IE admit fire is a part of your lifecycle and be prepared. Insurance would go down from fewer claims, so the invisible hand should guide it. If you are prepared for small fires, you can do management burns more often and avoid these hellacious large fires which are the real problem. Small and often is better than big/intense and infrequent.
Huh, the interior still has a bit of a neon green glow. Down the hatch!
We apologize for the inconvenience.
Not really a part of that community/secondhand info, but I hear Chicory Cafe in South Bend may fit the bill, especially on weekends with the right band playing.
On to-do list: 1. Set up zero G training areas 2. Recruit Ender Wiggins 3. Get a [full-face tattoo](http://www.gstatic.com/tv/thumb/v22vodart/9983313/p9983313_v_v8_aa.jpg)
"Give me a ping Vasili, one ping only please."
Pulled from Ron Swanson's dreams.
A moment that got me was when the girl down the hall perfectly pantomime's Arthur's finger-gun suicide gesture. You think it's karma connection, but it's really just his mind making her an exact match in his fantasy. Thomas Wayne will be the vilest creature on the planet in Arthur's head. The mob is just Arthur's insane inner fantasy projected on the real world. An eye for an eye. You killed my mother, I'll kill you. Arthur's formerly impotent rage is empowered by the real violence of the mob. But the mob does not think or judge, just follows along. The real Thomas Wayne was never considered.
Honestly, this does not surprise me. King is a lot like George Lucas in one respect. Dark Tower is his magnum opus in world-building, but he's dinked with it too long until it's nerfed from the youthful edge that made it fun in the first place. What started as a hardscrabble western became something else, and now King wants to re-write that something else until it's essentially fan fiction now.
One to add to your list: Blackwater handling. Gonna need a plan to dump that tank and a transport method to do so, assuming that a septic tank is not in the cards. May need to pay at a truck stop or campground. This could also get you into health code violations if handled improperly and bring the authorities down on other aspects of your non-traditional abode.
*Ooooh, half rations...* That'll show you, ya smarmy little git!
Measure the diameter before you go into the store, lots of size options.
Ozium air freshener kills smoke odor fast. Find it in the auto aisle. One quick spray gets a whole room. Source, ex smoker with family that hated it, kept the peace.
Need to add a keyboard sweep. Side of index finger on Q-A-Z, swipe right. Imma try 'em all. Even if it fails, it makes a fun sound.
&gt;...just as long as they don't go smashing up any property. Magic eight ball: signs point to no.
Risk of Rain is a fave of mine. [Caveblazers](https://store.steampowered.com/app/452060/Caveblazers/) has a similar play style, but not as random with chosen weapons and powerups. Still random on the upgrades/new ones though, and you can switch to found weapons and bombs. [Rouge Legacy](http://www.cellardoorgames.com/roguelegacy/) is available on every platform and is a ton of grind-y fun, especially if you are fond of the old Castlevania side-scrollers.
I can comment as a former Pizza Hut dough prep cook on their pan dough method: High hydration: Very wet dough, but still dry enough to go through a roller. Longest time in the mixer to develop gluten. The dough could easily be worked with the fingers, and we did for minor shaping issues. Very well oiled pan: Once rested, the dough was rolled into a disc and plopped in a pan, sized about 1" from the edge of the pan. Proof in the pan: 2ish hours in 130 deg F dough proofer. Dough slightly more than doubles in bulk and expands to the pan edge. Enough oil that it can self-center if needed. The dough was stored refrigerated in the pan for later but was OK to use from the proofer. This is an important step, letting it rise in the pan with minimal handling afterward. IE if you dropped a measuring cup or sauce spoon on the dough from even a small height it left a dent in the final pizza. That level of fluffy is delicate. You could even call the dough overproofed slightly. Baked at 375 for 8 mins in a convection oven, so pretty close to 425 standard oven. Shorter time than a home with the even top and bottom heat, cooking both sides.
Jalapenos - One way to sense spice level is to look for those dry brown cracks. I'm a bit of a gardener, and if you don't give peppers constant water, they don't grow. Next they develop cracks. Those scars are where they heal after that short vacation that you took and thought they would be alright and started watering again. Well, jalapenos have a defense mechanism against being eaten, their spice level. Dry = tough times = gotta make this one count. Extra spice!
Tankless is great for lots of people showering in a row and/or people who like long showers. Big family or plan to have lots of family stay over? Tankless for sure.
All good points. The sparklers are also sped up vs the hand movement. Real sparklers burn slower. And fire. Sparkler wires are hella hot glowing orange steel. This would at least burn through the paper deer.
I've known for years that Julia Child was tall, but this puts it in perspective. The support staff look like *begrudging, pie-giving* kids!
"'E's not the Messiah, 'e's a very naughty boy!" RIP, funny falsetto voice man. I'll buy two sharps and a packet of gravel in your honor.
Geralt of Walmartia
I thought that George was Zaphod Beeblebrox.
Amazon warehouse security guard. Or, in their phraseology, "Tactical response team providing location-based security for a major logistics provider."
[budk.com](https://budk.com) is inconsolable.
Incognito gives you a clean slate on cookies, which might not have been cleared by your history clean-up, trackers could be bogging you down. Also turns off extensions, try turning all of them off in regular mode and see. Turn on one at a time to find the culprit if that fixes it.
I have always been partial to #3. No matter what he covered, there was always at least one alternative viewpoint brought up for viewer consideration. All the other rules added depth to this, but always laying it out as something for the viewer to decide added integrity to his reports. He wanted to start a discourse, not score points. I still to this day use his benefit of the doubt counter-points in my head to stay centered.
Right, because no worker will ever roll a skinnier version than this wide one. This feels more /r/untrustworthypoptarts to me.
“Throughout history, poverty is the normal condition of man. Advances which permit this norm to be exceeded — here and there, now and then — are the work of an extremely small minority, frequently despised, often condemned, and almost always opposed by all right-thinking people. Whenever this tiny minority is kept from creating, or (as sometimes happens) is driven out of a society, the people then slip back into abject poverty. This is known as "bad luck.” ― **Robert Heinlein**
[The Doors - Alabama Song (Whiskey Bar)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAK5blgfKWM)
Or a [capsule hotel](https://amp.businessinsider.com/images/56def89cdd089555548b46fc-750-563.jpg). If it has bad ventilation, it can be both.
I get the national spotlight/it's an honor thing, but the SOTU response requires thinking fast on your feet. Even the best get tripped up under that level of pressure. It's only human to crack when that much is on the line, but somebody answers the call every year.
I have a Rock Island Armory and it's been reliable for me. Only trouble it gave me was at about 1000 rounds the feed lips on the cheap thin-wall mag it came with broke, and no issues after I got solid replacement mags.
They learned from Cheaper Than Dirt's pricing disaster during the panic. That's just smart business sense.
Hooplehead needs to come back.
It's exactly two weeks from everywhere!
Red beans and rice look like chili but have a completely different flavor profile. Get a sausage you like for it, that's the main flavor component. It's actually a decent template too, lots of beans and some pork product to add richness. Beans are bland, pork fat is tasty. Extend pork fat with beans.
Probably a [milk separator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separator_(milk)). It spun the milk to get skim milk and cream out of the two spigots. Common device to find on a small farm back when milk was more local.
Even [pickled eggs](https://nchfp.uga.edu/how/can_06/pickled_eggs.html) are not recommended for canning, and that's the safest I can think of. However, you might want to look into [sous vide and mini mason jars](https://anovaculinary.com/easy-homemade-sous-vide-egg-bites/), this can prolong fridge storage because the low and slow heat pasteurized the eggs and containers. It's how commercial refrigerated foods are kept so long, pasteurized to reset the bacterial count, and don't open it to start again
It's something to be hung about.
Parmesan cheese is also good with the peeler, nice tasty flakes.
The OP method does a slight offset and might find a hotter part of the grill? Also less likely to become a pancake catapult.
If you are using premade chili powder, your spice and flavor are tied. If you [DIY your chili seasonings](https://www.spendwithpennies.com/homemade-chili-powder/), you can make it zero spice in the pot and flavor at will later. Cumin is the spice you can't skip, and I love a lot more than they have in this recipe. You have the ingredients, play with it until you like it!
Hey Bob, *heh heh, heh* weren't we supposed to be doing something? *heh heh, heh*
As an ex prof, just go to them during their office hours. They are professionals who like to fly under the radar, so fixing issues early is a big part of the job description. Calmly present the problem and your proposed solution, but be willing to listen to their take on how to fix it too, you probably are not the first person in this situation. The most important thing to understand is that a failure on your part is not a failure on their part. If you are asking for a favor, understand that it is a favor and that you are not expecting it. The best way to piss off a prof is to tell them you deserve special treatment. if you get labeled a softie everybody is gonna be in your office begging for an extension, a fate worse than death.
That's law enforcement, always getting their panties in a bunch over a plant.
Hang here with the Duke.
Looks to be one who has not forgotten the face of his father.
Looks spiffy. Keep adding more teak oil, that rough finish is just a need for more layers. Oil and wood always create something beautiful.
My IRL name is one that most people shorten. I only put my full legal name on legally binding documents. If I hear my full name on the phone, you are a telemarketer, because no human other than my mother calls me by my full christian name.
Why do I have to move? it's your damn cereal that sucks. I *hate* you! I *hate* you! *runs sobbing to room, slams door.*
Drunk foodie friends are best kind of friends.
Marco Polo's pasta chef, 1298, colorized.
Guys, calm down. It's only 98% original.
I live in shitty rural area and regularly see cars that cost more than my house. I'm still paying on my mortgage and the cars triggered me. Can I have I have my mortgage declared to be student loans? Asking for a friend...
So much rat rod potential.
Until I had a puppy that insisted on not being potty trained, rental was the better deal. Hit your carpets too and you are good to go. Rental units do a pro job for a lot less, and I still rented for a deep clean.
Hunchback, knuckle-dragger, caveman, pea-brain, hominid, club-dragger.
That wizard yell with the attack, tight!
They are pretty chill, the ones at my zoo ignore the keepers cleaning up their area, and the fact that the keepers are free to do so says they are not prone to getting bite-y.
Haha Pennywise. Down here you don't float. Take that!
They were both born at a very young age.
Another factor to consider, lots of things you think are non-lethal can in fact be quite harmful. One cut to the neck severing your jugular or the femoral artery in your leg is very likely to be lethal unless someone applies serous pressure to keep you alive. Getting stabbed in the heart is no different than being shot in it. Any decent-sized blunt object can be a club and crush your skull. You have a kitchen drawer full of knives and metal lamps in half the rooms of your house. Finding a tool to kill with is simple. Most of us are not killers and chop onions with our knives. But just because you don't see it that way does not mean someone else will use it another way. Killers are killers regardless of the tool used. Guns are just tools that happen to be better at killing than other items. In summary, a gun is a tool for which there is no adequate substitute, and is needed on very short notice.
My first thought as a graphics guy is that the shaky/hand-drawn quality of the artwork lines makes for a very complex path to follow. Straightening up the lines a little could bring the number of points down and simplify the file. If you are carving it small-ish, they probably won't get noticed anyway
The biggest problem lefties have with economics is believing every business runs at an eleventy-million percent profit margin. Operating costs? "You already own it!" My local grocery store does not offer an employee discount. Why? Because it operates at a 3-5% profit margin and everybody has the discount already. A lean optimized business model can't sustain change without incurring new costs.
[Joe Camel](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/4b/f8/aa/4bf8aa9325637fbe1d59085741e102a5.jpg) says, "How YOU doin?"
/r/sbubby/ inspired material
Helmets are damn important. Had a buddy that trained for a dirt race and did a header into an embankment because of a washout after rain. Wiped out full tilt, destroyed his helmet. Three days in the hospital, a week of talking like a toddler, and a month to return to his semi-normal state, with 2-3 months before they declared him back. Head injuries are no joke. Without a helmet, docs said 100% chance he was dead on impact.
[Lion's eye view](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/be/35/f8/be35f85fb04bd00c615be242b1cf3dee.jpg). Do want!
Toaster better keep his fool mouth shut or imma gonna plug 'im.
Ported barrel, ported brass, what's the difference? /s *This message brought to you by Stumpy from Bubba's gun supply, where our motto is "Mah hand's clean off!"*
Either she's a midget or they really shrank the biscuits.
Bring back gigantic biscuits!
My parents used to have one of these, great stove! Just make sure you have the cleaning needle for the fuel jet, performance suffers unless you do that every time.
Industry mags would be very happy for a new and timely product ad
Another place you can find this is if you have a ReStore in your area, a Goodwill subsidiary dedicated to building materials. Standard rules of 'not all the time" apply, but the price is usually pretty good.
Look up local IDPA clubs and see where they compete.
Fats weaken gluten formation, so this is on track. This is why chewy artisanal breads are made without oils and use bread flour, which is higher in gluten.
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
Dual 17" flat-front CRTs, that was some serious flex back in that day.
And the front grill of a WWII jeep. Got Grandpa's nose.
Damn straight. That machine was godlike back in the day. Did web design on it, the dual monitors made the clients think it was black magic. So good.
I was pleasantly surprised by [The Hermitage](https://thehermitage.com/) if history is a goal. Andrew Jackson was both an early President, war hero, orphan, adopter, and slave owner. The museum/historical site does well to balance views on these controversial subjects as one of one of America's founders.
...look atta bones! That's no ordinary rabbit!
As a fan of the book and owner of this edition, this is my favorite pic. Jake has accepted that he is never going back to New York, but is not ready to die quite yet. It's also the gunslinger's last pure fight. Jake's pure innocence vs the horrors of the mountain. The gunslinger tries to undo the horrors of his past, protect the one innocent thing put in his charge.
The constant sexism is also a recurring theme of the book, which uses Clarice's internal dialog to capture it. The movie making trick of telling the same story without any internal dialog overdub is superbly well done.
I have had great results with DEET/Off spray on a hat and on my socks. Ticks hate that stuff and won't power past if they land there. Did some real-life testing on a tick I found on myself. Dropped it onto the picnic table in a normal spot and a sprayed spot. Got a lot more animated for the sprayed area, did not know they could go at 5x speed, lol.
Backward mini penny-farthing with chain upgrade.
It's 5% Amazon, 2% at gas, drugstores, and restaurants. 1% for other. That 2% can cover a lot that Amazon does not overlap at all or at least well.
If you played POE too, GD is the midpoint between the two. More polished than POE and more flexibility than D2. Also, you can buy the base game to check it out, all the expansions are fun but not needed for a good experience. /r/Grimdawn/
I grew up in a conservative christian faith. Rumor was that this stuff was almost as strong as beer, filled with alcohol. It was delicious but had a funky rum-ish aftertaste which could have lead to the rumor.
OP has gained a familiar and +5 to [garbage can guardian](https://i.imgflip.com/2qx83y.jpg).
As someone who owned and typed with this exact machine, the O key being too low is freaking me out. Gotta pull up on it so the I and P keys don't jam.
I loved these, they had the perfect chocolate to filling ratio. Also, bite sized where the bar gets stuff stuck in your teeth.
Returning to Tristram was one of the biggest horrors of the entire series. It just drives home how this tiny little hamlet is crawling with the undead that you once knew. And Cain keeps his shit together after watching all this happen from a front row seat.
Uh, maybe someone should clue in the homeless where they fit into the scheme. Guys?
The article talks about her disclaimer for the Looney Toons box set. That's a pretty strong defense. I have the set and wow, there are a ton of straight up racist cartoons in the set. I remember one that was just everyone in blackface minstrel white circled eyes, all too dumb to do their work as slaves on the plantation. All while bopping to the beat. It's quite possibly the most concentrated racism I have ever seen in my life. This is not just the occasional black maid as a side character, it's full cartoons of nothing but minstrel. I gained a lot of respect for Whoopi off of this, she had to face some backlash for that statement.
Good Omens on Amazon should be right up your alley, packed with dark absurd British humor.
I have the same car and the jack points are tiny and poorly marked with very little visual indicator.
The nature of the spell makes it a great trash mob melter, being so fast and precise. You choose how much to spend, so it does not leave you drained like non-piercing spenders vs tight packed big mobs.
Nice restore! I thought this was /r/wellworn at first and you had a new one.
Assuming you have gear for standard campground stays, you need to add * Water storage - Various sealable jugs, jerry can style for higher-end. Spring water gallon containers can be refilled and don't taste like plastic as fast for drinking water. * Toilet system - Can be just a trowel and TP, the upgrade is a folding seat and privacy tent (Walmart). Ziplock bag or Tupperware to store the TP against rain/humidity. * Table and chairs- Optional but very helpful, no picnic table provided. Old blanket for the ground is low end.
Yeah, it's a competition thing, no reload time with 2x capacity. Adds hella front weight though.
It was done by Phillip K Dick, a noted sci-fi writer with Blade Hunter, Minority Report, and Total Recall to his name. His characters are so written to be so believable, they carry the day.
Thin blue smoke is a thing of beauty. They should have sent a poet.
I'm a big fan of Akeeba backup for transfers of any kind. It handles a lot of the changes for you on hosting config, db setup, etc. Paid version can even do scheduled offsite backups for peace of mind/hack rollbacks, etc.
Bagels: I am assuming your recipe calls for kneading the dough via food processor? The blender will be too small of a container and will get the dough stuck instead of a nice ball that gets rolled around. I have a pizza dough recipe for the blender, but it always gets stuck, the blades get too hot and cooks the dough a bit. This kills the yeast so it does not rise. You can still manually knead the dough, it's just a lot slower and a good workout.
I remember having to do this to some PS1 systems, except they had an opaque cover which hid the speed so you had to guess based on sounds. Good times!
In the "just use it" category, I found that deep frying builds up seasoning nicely. Does not have to be Asian food either!
Not just kids. I had a cat that loved the sound of my gas stove's hiss and lighting click. He was also tall enough to dink the front knobs from the floor. Small problem - he did not understand that you have to turn off the gas, nor did he have opposable thumbs to do so reliably. Thankfully I discovered this in short order because I was near the kitchen that night, but the fear of him doing this while I was away at work made me remember to keep the knobs off whenever I was not cooking.
Now this is some Norman Rockwell level Americana.
This is it. Give yourself access to Ads and Analytics via your own Google account with admin privilege and you are golden. If you have multiple clients you can add each one to the same personal account and switch between them from a drop-down, very convenient and no logout/login hassle.
The first thought that comes to mind is guarding against the danger of theft. Lights out the scenario and an idling car sounds ripe for your generator to become a joyride. Unless there is some idling mode that secures this.
A 20lb propane cylinder and a [roofing torch](https://smile.amazon.com/Button-Igniter-Propane-Melter-Roofing/dp/B01KH6L32K/ref=sr_1_7?dchild=1&amp;keywords=roofing+torch&amp;qid=1592580738&amp;sr=8-7) will get you a nearly instant light. Works great to kill weeds in sidewalk cracks too for another use. And my favorite desperation move is to use plain old vegetable oil instead of lighter fluid. It smokes a lot more but does not leave an off-flavor in the food, as it is food. You can use old fryer oil and it becomes essentially free.
You can also use it with your chimney, just soak a paper towel or two in oil instead of newspapers. Much more reliable, and you can see where it's at by the smoke signals it sends up.
They even preserved the puck mouse horror on the orig iMac. Old skool.
How's your camel's hump?
I live in Michigan and we have very hard water. Vinegar will dissolve mineral deposits, just a rag for haze or soak a bit of thicker areas.
SPAM, eggs, SPAM and SPAM.
An armed society is a polite society. Not necessarily a homogeneous society.
Protip - If the [zucchini is very bitter,](https://homeguides.sfgate.com/tell-zucchini-bad-83003.html) don't eat it. It's mildly poisonous. Did the same thing once coming back from vacation, powered through the bitterness and a big serving. Got nausea and diarrhea on top of an unpleasant eating experience, and I have a cast-iron stomach. Trust your tongue on these, taste a slice to test.
The article mentions that the same cucurbitacins are also responsible for cucumbers bitter flavor as well, so add them to the list. My personal experience is that if you have to scoop the center, it's probably too far gone.
Capsicums vs bell peppers.
Granny's giant cleaver means business! That thing is dinner plate sized.
As a Michigan resident that has already had my November (!!!!) ballot mailed to me at no request of my own, I am very concerned about the integrity of this election. We need more accountability, not less in our election system. This is part of his pissing match with Michigan's Gov. Whitmer, but worded broadly for the low information voters.
I got told the dinos were satan's animals = not blessed = not on the ark. I then asked what happened to the aquatic dinos and got a great look of panic on my parent's faces.
I approve of this message.
Off the wall possibility. Does your stove have a pilot light instead of electric ignition? Had an apartment back in the day w/ three pilot lights, one for the burners on top, one for the oven, and one for the broiler. The oven one went out and would ignite with a slight bang when the unburned gas hit the broiler pilot light, which would then belch some unburned gas and poorly burned gas fumes out the oven door. I would guess it was higher in CO because of incomplete ignition, I did not have a CO alarm.
Fake news, insufficient visible Vicarius Filii Dei. /s
You can get two days for sure, but 3 and on you may get funky flavors developing from the yeasts and such growing in it. Store it in a pitcher and you can pour straight onto the griddle! This also does not pop the bubbles in the batter, needed for fluffy results. If you stir it beforehand, you will get hockey pucks instead. Per my experience as a cafeteria short-order cook.
Poor Moana looks like she got crossed with a [Podling](https://static0.srcdn.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/Dark-Crystal-Hup-Podling-Paladin-1.jpg?q=50&amp;fit=crop&amp;w=740&amp;h=370) from Dark Crystal
Do you offer a service that is more enticing than porn? Because you have to be more interesting before they click.
Faxon Firearms has a lot of pencil barrel options, but their store is mostly sold out with the buying spree.
Mytbusters needed an oven to cook off rounds for a standard revolver, car temp was stable.
I work with brands that send infrequently, so I us MC with pay to send credits. BIG caveat is that you can't do staggered sends with send credits. New addition along the way, made me look the fool. Campaign Monitor is a much more polished product these days, MC is sailing on their reputation.
Was surprised by the lack of multi-headed beasts or the Whore of Babylon, but forgot this is an election year so you keep the theme political and "current", LOL.
BRB, just figured what to put on my last radio preset.
I was going to ask about the odd oversized front sight, now it makes sense.
You could always tell who was not a lifelong Adventist at a Revelation seminar after the Whore of Babylon evening. "She sounds kinda fun!"
The pasta soaks up the liquids from the fillings from the long cold soak in the fridge. Microwave at 50% power with a few sprinkles of water to revive the fillings. Also, adding some fresh sauce over top has been a favorite of mine, the sauce suffers the most from this. Awakens the lost flavor.
"Life will be a lot easier if two rules you do not bend: Never whittle towards yourself, or pee into the wind." *Truckstop kitsch plaque*
Preheating the pan? If you start from cold, stuff sticks like crazy to stainless. The steam from the cooking keeps the food from gluing itself to the pan. My pan-frying got so much better once I learned the right heat for stainless at med to med-low. It's a lot lower than you think!
Not sure if she's inspired by [Homey D. Clown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QhuBIkPXn0) or Sideshow Bob.
When I was a kid at camp meeting they had a bread-baking seminar where we really made bread and picked it up all baked from the cafeteria a couple hours later. We were warned to let it sit for at least 24 hours due to that horrible fermentation! We were handed a freshly baked loaf done beforehand to smell for that satanic alcohol smell. I got it, along with the overwhelming smell of fresh bread goodness. Thankfully my mother loved fresh bread more than EGW's warnings and we had still warm bread. Surprised an impromptu A Anon did not form from all the regretful sinners...
Ice cream needs to be stirred while it freezes or else you get ice cubes instead. That said, sounds like you have the makings of a delicious popsicle! Pour into small plastic cups and figure a way to rig your stick to stay somewhat upright while it freezes. You can even use a knife or fork as your stick as long as you can spare them while frozen!
That's the spirit! Maybe try a dash of lime juice, most tropical fruits get a nice sweet and sour from it for a more rounded flavor.
Red Ryder is also kid-sized, and most decent powered air rifles are adult sized. Really need both.
Had a squirrel die in my attic while on vacation, room with attic access smelled something terrible. Bought a cheap unit on Amazon and ran it twice with the door closed and rolled up rags at the base. Very little ozone smell in the hall, and steep reduction in dead stink. Would recommend, use it every year to get the basement stank off my Christmas decorations. Ozone breaks down into oxygen in hours, I just waited overnight to open the door and had no issues.
"I don't know how to say this without hurting you deeply" has largely replaced "no offense" in my lexicon.
One way to get good clicks is to advertise with your business name as the keyword, IE pay for what normally would be a free click. It's low competition so CPC is low, and it builds up your account's overall click-through rate. This will then lower your overall bid costs and might open up a few keywords to be more budget-friendly. When things start going better, move the name to negative keywords.
Worn-out Bible and an immaculate perfectly tailored suit. That man's coming at you correct.
My first day one game purchase, arrived via mail. My wife was working retail and had the day off, unplanned but she loved it. Got teased with how awesome the game was over chat the whole day at work. Took turns playing solo. Years later we upgraded to two computers so we could LAN play DII together.
"I'm done with this 'they float' bullshit" *sinks*
For meat burgers, try just meat and salt, nothing else. Beef sticks to itself, but poorly to other items. For veggie patties, you need to make something that is the consistency of soft clay. Avoid lots of watery items, drain beans, etc well, then add an egg. Add just enough breadcrumbs to your veggie burgers until they absorb enough egg to dry it out a little and hold their shape. Mashed potato is probably too wet. If you make it soupy, your patties spread out. Too dry? Crumbly because there is not enough egg binding it up. Also, you have to fry those patties well on side one to get that egg cooked and firmed up before you flip to side two. Go slow to prevent burning.
