That’s why I’m gonna go big dick pick this season I think. The blue shite might have a good season.
Smuggler V 34 hours :)
This is what will stop you getting past say Smuggler or similar. Up until then it's just mainly who got the better units earlier, but you start to see more switching and countering the higher you get. You'll get it eventually once you become more used to how the units work and stuff.
What is the earliest time you start levelling with gold? 4&gt;5? &amp;#x200B; Also, best hero for MoM?
Mask of madness. 10% lifesteal and +40 attack speed but silences hero so you need someone with a passive instead of an ult.
Judy herself wouldn't have seen or spoken to him before she got out there, this is on the producers. She's actually a really lovely woman, which is why she cut this short, she knew what was up straight away, these cases usually drag out a good 15 minutes or so TV-time wise. Don't get on the wrong side of her though!
Always wonder how chants like this manage to get spread around enough for everyone to know the words.
Did you know Juan Mata has the most Premier League free kick goals this decade with 8? Surprised me that.
Highest Premier League free kick scorer is Juan Mata with 8.
If you're anywhere near Wigan let me know. I've so much stuff in my freezer I can't get anything else in (I choose to buy more stuff instead of defrosting because i'm an actual moron.) I even have a massive leg of lamb my brother gave me before Christmas in there (he works for a meat supplier for Tesco) that i'll never use because it's too big for just one person to eat. But if you're struggling you could cook it off and use it for 4-5 days worth of food.
Turns out Pope/Heaton rotation has been pretty good for me. I've missed 1 clean sheet by having them the wrong way around.
Actually yeah make that possible 2 haha
VAR done properly
I spotted it real time he’s no excuse
He blew AFTER the possible foul.
He blew the whistle after the possible foul. Rewatch it.
Yes but the whistle was blown to stop the game. After a possible foul and the players had carried on up until the exact point the whistle was blown. Sorry you don’t understand the rules of playing until the whistle. Shelvey vs Sheff Utd is as prime an example possible.
Yes it does, did you not see Shelveys goal vs sheff Utd? You play to the whistle. Anything that happens until the referee blows his whistle is part of the game.
It’s not idiotic you play to the whistle. You play on until the referee blows it whether there’s 100 linesmen with flags up or none at all. They teach you this at primary school age football.
They teach is at a rule full stop. Unsure why you’re arguing against facts here. Go watch shelveys goal vs sheff Utd you’ll find it on this sub. In fact here it is for you https://streamja.com/l4zd
In a lot of games yes it has but it’s been absolutely bang on in this one.
What a wank game this is.
Missed the 3 games out injured during the cycle.
Booing var even though it’s been brilliant this game for once.
I’d take a 3-3 with richarlison and de bruyne hat tricks for fpl purposes like but 0-0 wouldn’t be the worst.
What exactly has hart done since Pep ousted him? He’s been shite everywhere.
So pep “destroying his stock” meant Hart forgot how to be a decent goalkeeper? Sounds like someone hasn’t sobered up from last night yet.
*Ayoze Perez liked that*
Dunno why they ALWAYS interview kane and Alli together but it’s enough to send me to sleep.
To be fair they’re also the worst united team in 30. But yeah you guys looked really good first halves vs Chelsea and united. Hope you become good again you’re the only other “big 6” side I don’t dislike.
Just needed to sit on a chair facing the back.
Cheers Geoff
He's not eligible
He's not a new player
Brilliant City, if you can afford to live IN the city it's probably the best place bar London to live for wealthy people. Some really nice areas surrounding it too to live in if you're close enough, honestly i'm from Liverpool and while Liverpool City Centre is a beautiful place I do really like Manchester.
Really? No idea?
They said any team in history not sure if they meant just England.
Record soon to be 110
Nice
No it’s a record
Nice
How do you make the gap smaller when they’ve played a game more and we’ve won 19/20?!
Yeah but an increase in city’s form can’t close the gap is my point (until we play them in April)
Haven't played since the WL before Christmas. It's really nice.
Nothing beats half season wonder Amir Zaki.
Ings or Trent for me.
[Is there a better team available than this one?](https://team-picker.files.bbci.co.uk/unbeaten-team-XI-3d41a15a0c33b2bf0ec244ad05e6248f.html)
I’m 32 and its just as bad losing it now tbh. You feel naked.
Why’d you tell someone you couldn’t afford Reddit gold tho https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/ejjyj6/ww3_is_the_first_world_war_that_will_be_joked/fcz1asp/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
Absolute joke it isn't tbf, then that mug walton comes on and agrees with the decision. Fuck off just say it's wrong.
Oliver is the best ref we have but I dont understand this decision.
I want that 2 hours of my life back.
The minnows getting a big payday for potential big future signings!
It is :)
Wigan had Palacios, Valencia, Bullard, Chimbonda, Baines, Victor Moses &amp; James McCarthy. &amp;#x200B; Even Charles N'Zogbia and lord Titus Bramble too.
Think it was 1-1 in the cup game last time before the van struck. Or could have been the 1-1 in the league game the month before when DCL fell over due to a light breeze to win a peno.
Salah wishes he could be half the player Amir Zaki was for that first half season.
Dont forget dropping the dragon duplicator or the barmaid chick right after. &amp;#x200B; (Why can't I remember the card names i've played this deck 100 times)
Yeah my average gametime with Galakrond Warrior (admittedly a slower control version of the deck) is 13.3 mins. That's over 2 hours a day for 10 games, which ain't casual.
Desperation
Jose confirmed arsonist when he parks his bus
Southampton played yesterday mate
I know what you mean but we have like 6 first time injuries and we really don't want any more. Our schedule has been fucking gruesome.
Our 3rd choice right back legit better than all theirs
THE MAGIC OF THE CUP
MR HASSENHUITEL GET DOWN
Absolutely robbed of man of the match
Hope he stays
I thought meryl streep. No fucking idea why.
Football? Completed it mate
Yeah but would you basically get paid to watch footy?
With legs like that why wouldn’t he
&gt;Wouldn't be so quick to discount Southampton or Watford. They're in good form. &gt; &gt;Past five games &amp;#x200B; Liverpool past 20 games &amp;#x200B; * [Liverpool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_Liverpool_F.C._season) 19-1-0 record Aug 09, 2019 ... Liverpool 4 - 1 Norwich Aug 17, 2019 ... Southampton 1 - 2 Liverpool Aug 24, 2019 ... Liverpool 3 - 1 Arsenal Aug 31, 2019 ... Burnley 0 - 3 Liverpool Sep 14, 2019 ... Liverpool 3 - 1 Newcastle Sep 22, 2019 ... Chelsea 1 - 2 Liverpool Sep 28, 2019 ... Sheff Utd 0 - 1 Liverpool Oct 05, 2019 ... Liverpool 2 - 1 Leicester Oct 20, 2019 ... Man Utd 1 - 1 Liverpool Oct 27, 2019 ... Liverpool 2 - 1 Tottenham Nov 02, 2019 ... Aston Villa 1 - 2 Liverpool Nov 10, 2019 ... Liverpool 3 - 1 Man City Nov 23, 2019 ... Crystal Palace 1 - 2 Liverpool Nov 30, 2019 ... Liverpool 2 - 1 Brighton Dec 04, 2019 ... Liverpool 5 - 2 Everton Dec 07, 2019 ... Bournemouth 0 - 3 Liverpool Dec 14, 2019 ... Liverpool 2 - 0 Watford Dec 26, 2019 ... Leicester 0 - 4 Liverpool Dec 29, 2019 ... Liverpool 1 - 0 Wolves Jan 02, 2020 ... Liverpool 2 - 0 Sheff Utd &amp;#x200B; We'll fuck em, don't worry.
Jokes on him I wear gaming diapers obviously.
Mate 20k is a huge increase in that level of card for “no reason” at that time of morning. Literally fucking massive.
You’re not risking 11.1m though, you’re not going to discard them are you.
LiKe tO gEt HiM iN yOuR ReD pIcKs
If I see nick pope ONE MORE FUCKING TIME
It’s not about it getting an upgrade you make money before the card is released by selling during hype.
Also has its own sub /r/saddestbackflip for ridiculous sport headlines
/r/yourcommentbutworse
They're taken too quickly these days
Maybe he figured spending his money on fifa and staying in would at least be better than drugs and booze. I suppose it's a step in some direction.
Yeah we apparently either had the same bid rejected or saw yours rejected on the same day and thought "fuck that then". &amp;#x200B; Bullet dodged.
I really like Holgate as a player. Bit of a twat but whatever he's deffo good enough for England.
Him and Van Dijk have conceded 5 goals in 1400 minutes last season, and 1 in the last 6 games together. &amp;#x200B; Unsure how many other games they've started together apart from the Norwich game this season where they conceded.
Maddison not getting played was mind boggling.
Trump orange man bad
Boshi PepeLaugh
BAH GAWD SWEET CHIN MUSIC OUT OF NOWHERE
First time I’ve witnessed fresh pasta being made
Tbf I wouldn’t expect a saints fan to understand not hating an ex player
Yeah but you hated him while he was there so it doesn’t count
Don’t you dislike Lallana too? Thought he said some stuff before he left.
At the end I thought you were glad to get rid because he was seen as inconsistent and lazy? He was definitely slated a lot.
Mage can easily build a deck around this to stall until turn 10. Freeze Mage was a thing for a reason, two frost Novas, 2 doomsayers and 2 blizzards is enough to stall for at the very minimum 5 turns. Depending on what the hero power is it could be a legit way for Mage to win once they get to turn 10.
That card will definitely have its day.
I know they mean well but god id hate this. It’s the ultimate version of people singing happy birthday to you.
Well that’s what you want to think. But in reality it’s possible he relapsed.
The sixth sense Memento Fight club The Unbreakable trilogy (unbreakable, split, glass)
He means you deserve to be on it.
I know, I’ve seen the movie a couple times. It’s definitely left up to interpretation where both outcomes are a possibility though. The film is adapted based on the book, and literally everything in it is true to the source, apart from that one line which was added in by Scorsese. Personally I think it’s a flash of sanity amidst the delusion, and he’s still crazy.
And that scenario is perfectly acceptable for them to do. Adding Ronaldo's to a market that have barely had a chance to pack him is an issue. If no one packs him after a few days, sure, maybe add a couple. But what? The same day he's release? Get fucked EA.
I switched to PS4 from Xbox 3 releases ago (the one with Reus on the cover). In my first week playing I packed both Hagi and Rui Costa. Since then i've been playing the first 3/4 months the game comes out and usually get fed up around this time of year. I haven't packed anyone better than a low cost but high rated player (think Toni Kroos this year). My red picks have been absolutely diabolical. I finished Gold 2 in each of the first 6 weekend leagues I played and the highest rated card I got was an 83. I traded them all in in the SBC and got offered Higuain as my best choice. I believe everything you say.
Cheers, to the ninety ninth precinct!
SECRET AGENT DANNY
Nowhere is safe for them
ORIGI
Leeds staying true to form and shitting the bed
[Hmmm](https://imgur.com/gallery/slcz7MH)
We always find a way despite completely dominating the game?
And then world class central defenders for when we finally get through. Oh and world class fullbacks to stop trent and Andy.
I’ll save you the effort: Henderson headed it.
Yeah unless you want to give us a pen for dele handballing it as well as giving us the goal our absolute dominance has deserved.
Farmers continent
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL to the bottom you go where you fucking deserve you melt
Couldn’t wait whip his cards out in the first 20 minutes for Liverpool players.
We’d have just gone and scored if they’d equalised
Why is it only pointed out when teams don’t score but it’s fine for us to hit the post, have two good saves from gazzaniga, Trent spooning one to the corner flag 15 yards out and van Dijk miss a header from 4 yards out? Fuck off.
Robertson sent off hahaha
City did it last year. Played like a relegation team away at Huddersfield for 35 minutes. Won 4-0.
Yeah we’ll do something 6 times in 17 games that we haven’t done once in 38.
Like a LIDL version of our season last year. 86 points is good enough in more than half the seasons I think to win the league.
He started well with united but went backwards quickly. His style of low blocks and waiting for the opponent to make a mistake in the big games isn’t good enough to win leagues anymore. Teams come out and play football now when 5-10 years ago they’d come up from the 2nd division and hoof it up top to a big man. They’re not doing that anymore and Mourinho needs to adapt to that. He’s still a fantastic coach but I don’t think the way he’s won leagues in the past is good enough anymore.
Didn’t klopp resign from Dortmund? He didn’t get sacked.
Yeah but the point is the teams coming to play football are actually good enough to get past his low block and score, which then makes the low block absolutely pointless when you’re behind.
Having Sterling in at this point is genuinely baffling. Haven't had him for 2 months. He's been outscored by both premium Liverpool options, who very very rarely get rested, and he has a player on the same team as him with nearly 50% more points and was over 2m cheaper. Then players like Maddison and Richarlison who are the best players (2nd best in Maddisons case) on their teams who are scoring the same and are miles cheaper.
I don't think thats right. I can afford my mortgage but taking it twice would take away 60% of my "money left over" after bills. I live just fine paying just my mortgage and saving £250 a month.
Broke into the top 250k for the first time in my life! Still not top of 1 of my mini leagues though.. Coming for you Dave!
Possible police ahead so they’re warning you to slow down
I'm TAA, Gomez and Mane at the minute. For me it's the much better value for points, considering i've had Trent since he was 7.1 and Mane since he was 11.6.
Yeah but even if we concede Trent is still very likely to contribute with an assist or even a rare goal. I'm really torn on whether to TC him or Mane. The differential reward with TC'ing Trent, him getting 2 clean sheets and a couple assists is MASSIVE.
Lads i'm really struggling on who to pick this weekend. &amp;#x200B; [Any advice?](https://gyazo.com/26a26bb8da725846210c273ec5383c4d) &amp;#x200B; Or is it time for the bench boost?
If you really don't like the texture of chicken juices I recommend poaching the chicken breast in boiling water, rinsing it off and then slicing and cooking it (it'll already be mostly cooking from poaching it anyway) if you're making something like a stir fry or a curry etc. If you're frying it and adding flour and egg to make a coating you're on your own.
What's it like? Is it actually a good workout and worth the money?
I run 3 times a week but I might pick it up to do in my off days :)
How long are you playing to burn 100 calories? 25-30 mins?
What’s your progress like fitness wise?
Have you noticed any results as a result of just the ring fit?
Sounds good, I’ll give it a go on my running off days!
I worked customer service for a big 4 betting company here in the UK. I have stories.
But she’s so sassy she must be healthy
You should really say searching for these women is NSFW 😬
They have managed to keep it interesting enough definitely. Mike even shows up for a couple episodes.
Just add a button which says "I pinky promise not to tell my squad where the dude was".
A pinky promise is sacred
Man I want him to eliminate Lesnar and have a program with him for Mania where he beats him and breaks Flair's record.
Would the Genn and Baku cards being battlecrys have been such a massive nerf or could it have worked?
Watch you don't cut yourself on those sharp edges.
This is a rare find indeed; a comment that belongs on /r/cringe, /r/iamverybadass and /r/iamatotalpieceofshit all rolled into one! Congratulations!
Yeah, you hate people who are driven to be successful for no reason other than your own failures. Sure, some people are born into it, but a lot of people also work hard to earn their "fancy" things. Tesla's aren't even exclusively for the rich. You're just unreasonably jealous.
It looks like a public car park, there'll be cameras everywhere. They're probably fucked.
If you go through life expecting hand me downs from people better off than you you won't get very far in improving your own situation.
What exactly is the point in that clause lmao
If Ox gets his shot on target we win the game 2-1. We were like a yard away from stealing it. It's all hypothetical nonsense, it ended 1-1 and it could have been any score and result from 0-0 to 2-1 to us.
I don't get the criticism either. Why would you play expansive open football vs us? It's suicide. We have got a LOT better at breaking teams down now though so I think we just genuinely had an off day at Old Trafford.
Called English for a reason they should stop butchering our language
MrDestructoid ANY MASSAN SUBS MrDestructoid
Cost you 10 pointless seconds.
Are we really splitting hairs over a couple seconds, you have to click, type, click reply.
At 8.5 and Richarlison injured i'm thinking of throwing him in today. &amp;#x200B; Praise be Pep.
Cant even spell Umbro right m8
In FPL if a player plays 60 minutes without conceding a goal and then gets subbed off they get the clean sheet even if the team concedes after he's subbed. &amp;#x200B; He doesn't get a clean sheet vs Norwich but does vs Brighton I guess by those rules.
Fucking fraud
F
When is prem Jen though? Horrible bosses for me.
At least we lost nothing by gambling. No one has Aguero.
The fact he’s on -9 but you’re on +120 for backing him up absolutely baffles me
I can count on one hand the amount of times I’ve even seen a real gun live and in person.
Hey like all my relationships
Bench starting to look strong again
What even is their formation? Martial up top with James and Pereira on the wing? Who's in midfield? Why do they have 2 left backs on?
What even is their formation? Martial up top with James and Pereira on the wing? Who's in midfield? Why do they have 2 left backs on?
Thanks Burnley, very cool.
Who knew it was actually Wilfried Ndidi holding Leicesters season in his hands and not Jamie Vardy?
Magical
nah im ok mate
Sealing the deal at the Etihad at this rate. Potentially 19 points clear with 7 games left going into that.
Goodison 2 games before would only happen if by some miracle we win every game until then and City drop more points.
Burnley and timewasting go hand in hand.
I mean at the end of this season the Premier League will probably have 6 different winners since 2000. 9 Since the league started is madness.
Sent him to the fucking shadow realm with that drag back
They couldn’t see him after firmino sent him to the shadow realm
Henderson outrunning Dalot in the 90th minute when he’d literally just come on 💕
It’s more the fact he’d been busting his gut for 90 minutes at this point and he’s in a footrace against a fullback who’s been on the pitch a minute
We should be starting to get into a position like City now. Players the quality of Jesus, Mahrez, Sane, Silva on the bench. They’re happy to do it for city knowing they’ll get game time, we should be looking to do something similar and get genuine first teamers we can rotate because they’re just as good, not just because they’re “good enough for one or two games” if someone is tired or injured. I love players like Origi and Shaqiri but you wouldn’t want them to be the first names on your team sheet all season.
We should be starting to get into a position like City now. Players the quality of Jesus, Mahrez, Sane, Silva on the bench. They’re happy to do it for city knowing they’ll get game time, we should be looking to do something similar and get genuine first teamers we can rotate because they’re just as good, not just because they’re “good enough for one or two games” if someone is tired or injured. I love players like Origi and Shaqiri but you wouldn’t want them to be the first names on your team sheet all season if you’re challenging for titles like we are this year.
But shouldn't the requirement for anyone other than the team who won the league to win it be 1 point more than what the actual winners got? &amp;#x200B; For united to have won the league the last two seasons they'd have needed 101 and 99 points, and probably something similar this season.
Why isn't it? We're specifically talking about what United needed to do to win the league the last few seasons.
Living 10 minutes from Middlebrook and the Reebok (fuck Macron) stadium is nice to be fair, it's a pretty great retail park and a very good looking stadium. I can understand why it has fucked over Bolton Town Centre though, it's absolutely nowhere near. You may as well be called Aspull Wanderers. You're just as close to Wigan town centre than Boltons.
I think I got to my mid 20s before I learned just landing on a square meant someone had to buy it. Throughout growing up our rules were once you go round the board once you can start buying if you land on it and no one owns it, otherwise it just stays unsold until someone lands there. Even learning the proper rules I preferred our way.
Yeah everything else still stood like to go jail etc just no property purchases
That is absolutely absurd and not true in the slightest. VAR doesn’t give a fuck if your players are acting like angels or spoiled brats.
I don’t have to counter absolute bullshit. It’s factually not true.
It’s looked at by VAR these days. What they do on the pitch to the ref means absolutely nothing now apart from getting themselves fined.
Every goal decision is looked at.
Why because I won’t just idly agree with your 100% horse shit and factually incorrect opinion? To debate you and completely render your point pointless - the Everton decision id hasten to bet less of a fuss was made of it by the united players because it happened so quickly. Hardly anyone saw it. Everyone had their eyes firmly planted on this because the ball was in the air for ages before de gea butter fingered the ball. I sincerely and 100% MASSIVELY doubt Craig pawson said to the VAR room “oooh the united players are whinging like babies here make sure you disallow it mate”.
Because it’s different referees interpreting fouls or rules differently. It’s not about players kicking off it’s about the refs being shite. Ours should have stood but the Everton one disallowed imo.
"It's not good for PSG" &amp;#x200B; Saying "Nah i'm staying" wouldn't be good for PSG, Kylian?
That win was very much needed, we weren't in a good moment. It was probably relief.
We like the number 6. Why not 6?
Yeah but losing for years on years will surely eventually make that stop?
Flanno did make it he just got injured badly and then was a cunt off field.
Ingseh\*
I mean you could just keep scrolling instead of giving her the attention you’re (probably right) in assuming she’s after.
“We lost to Burnley, a team that you all say are fantastic and we’ve been in the game until the second half. For me, that’s strides forward”
S T R I D E S F O R W A R D
Strides forward
I PREFER MY STREAMERS WITH SUBTITLE REQUIREMENTS
This is going to sound weird but hear me out: everything I try or do. Throughout my life I’m just good at anything I try but I have no motivation to want to do any of it. I got straight A’s in highschool but I didn’t put any effort in, hell in my maths GSCE I didn’t even submit one of the two coursework’s you had to do but my teacher “pretended” I did and prayed they didn’t ask for mine when they sent off because she liked me I guess, like everyone likes me because I’m easy to get along with and laid back. I didn’t try in college and got two A’s and a B. I stopped going for 3 weeks and pretended I was going to my mum until one of the tutors called home to ask where I was. I didn’t go to uni because I didn’t want to; instead i took a job working for a betting company taking bets over the phone. They have a 2 week course and a test you have to pass afterwards to get you into the place (to then train to get onto the phone lines). I did the test after 3 days and was literally on the phone taking bets with real customers on the 4th. 4 months later I got promoted to customer service, trained for 2 days on their system and was working there properly on the 3rd, it usually takes about a week before they let anyone start unsupervised. From there I got promoted to become a junior sports trader (the guys who compile the odds, despite no mathematical experience since high school). I did that for a year and got bored and literally left to do nothing. I worked in a bar and became assistant manager within 8 months, then left because I didn’t want to do it anymore. I joined a contract catering company as a potwash with zero cooking experience. That was 4 years ago. Next week I become Area support (basically the area managers right hand man) for a region in the north west. Nothing motivates me, I’m just good at whatever I try. I did one of my girlfriends university English papers because she was stressed. It took me 4 hours and it got 81/100. I ran a marathon within 3 months of starting the couch to 5k programme. I learned how to play guitar in 2 months and haven’t played it since I finished my first full song. My issue is I don’t want to do any of this stuff, I want to sit at home and do nothing. I have no motivation to want to get better but I still end up advancing and bettering myself without trying. They’re just jobs or hobbies that mean nothing to me. This was a long ass post and I’m sorry if you actually read it all, it probably reads like one massive fucking humble brag but honestly believe me when I say I’m not proud of any of that shit I’m genuinely just answering the question.
Wuhan flu took a look at him and knew it couldn’t get past his immune system.
It doesn’t sound mean, maybe you’re right. I’ve thought about my motivation issues for a while and considered talking to someone about it. I don’t mean to sound big headed but I know I’m good at my current job for example, I’ve progressed rapidly through this company I just don’t like it, but I’m sticking with this at least because it’s paying well and that pay keeps increasing. Thanks for your reply I know it was a lot to read.
🙋🏽‍♂️
Just his mere presence was enough
I worry they’ll be able to keep hold of him (unless it’s to us).
Si senor
Yeah we’ve only won 3 finals in the last year.
You can be happy with the fact you were superior all you like in 2005 lmao
Luckily we only have the West Ham and Southampton games in the next 3 1/2 weeks because of the winter break.
Stop Savin chat
He is not 72kg lmao His shoulders fucking weigh that.
Not if he chooses Mali
Is this a parody of a BBC HYS comment
TRENT TC GANG
He didn't play ONE game lmao stop overreacting.
I mean David Silva could run into VVD elbow first and he'd probably go down. &amp;#x200B; Had a great game though regardless.
He didn't have him in the first half, not gonna lie.
Far Cry 3 is the only one I really got into and finished. After that they were literally just remaking the same game.
I have all three of those started and I enjoyed playing all of them. I spent an entire Sunday afternoon doing all kinds on Death Stranding, built an entire road for people from the base to where it would let me, ran up and down between 4 different bases and completed everything. Had an ABSOLUTE BLAST. &amp;#x200B; Haven't played it since, that was before Christmas. The fuck is wrong with me?
&gt;Why was Jürgen Klopp given time? His reconstruction of Mainz and Borussia Dortmund, the evidence of implementing a sustainable, successful long-term vision. Creating on-pitch identity and unity through every facet of a club. Improving players, the culture &gt; &gt;LFC had a 60-page dossier on Klopp - everything from training sessions to his relationship with staff - before FSG met with him for four hours. The talk solidified what they already knew: he’d been there, done the kind of work the club required and was exceptionally good at it. &gt; &gt;LFC had a good structure behind the scenes, but without the right figure to galvanise and elevate it. Klopp came in and the same owners and ‘transfer committee’ that were slated are now recognised as leading lights in the game. He made things better, gave greater responsibility &gt; &gt;First few months brought a recognisable playing style and two finals. First full season: Champions League spot. Then back-to-back UCL finals, winning in Madrid. 97-point season, Super Cup, Club World Cup, now 67 points from 69. This isn’t a product of just blindly giving time &gt; &gt;You pave the way for success if you give the right man time, under the right structure, with surgical recruitment (focused on mentality + skillset) and a 'one club, one vision' approach. There then still needs to be a tirelessness in finding the edges (see set-pieces as an eg) There will be the ‘LFC only won after buying a world-class GK and CB’ shout without the acknowledgment of how they got in the position to beat rivals to them, how they’ve changed the way targets see the club or that Coutinho’s sale funded it in another example of clever trading The 'give me time because look over there' reasoning is nonsense. Popularist and not rooted in anything concrete. You can't transplant your situation to another club’s, which is so different. Why do *you* merit patience in *your* situation based on what *you* have done &amp; can do? &gt; &gt;Having an elite manager - the right fit - with a proven long-term blueprint does make a difference: in terms of the targets you can attract, reshaping the image of the club, giving greater belief to players, staff, supporters. It can be transformative But it's not just about the manager, as pointed out. For eg: LFC have Michael Edwards doing an unbelievable job as sporting director. Man United are still without the director of football they’ve wanted since August 2018, without any solid reason as to why. &gt; &gt;Man Utd look like a club whose owners care about investors/profit over on-pitch progress, who had no sustainable plan post-Fergie, spent big (close to £900m since summer 2013) and stupidly, have a questionable structure, don’t have a skilled DoF and have an out-of-depth manager Time alone is not going to fix the above. And especially not time given to the wrong man (albeit a nice one with good intentions) under the wrong structure.
What went so badly during his last season though? I thought you guys were a pretty well run club. I know he had a lot of injuries but from what I understood him resigning was more of a "mutual" decision (ie resign before we get rid).
She's saying it's just a really basic blanket statement he's throwing out there, intertwining it with a reaching comparison to someone else's situation which is completely different. It caters to the general fanbase: "give me time because Klopp had it, look what he did!".
The City fan with blackburn in his username and a rangers flair? Dunno what else you expected mate.
Apparently the reason is a lot of people use RES and when you hover over their usernames it shows karma amount and account age. You’re more willing to look into something from someone you’d trust, whether you realise it or not. You’d see a 1 day old 0 karma account and assume scam or bot. See me with me my 230k 5 year old account and you’d automatically trust me more.
Between $25-50 apparently
Jokes on you I’m a bot
Apparently an account like yours is worth a couple hundred bucks. God knows what mine is worth in that case.
Equal rights and equal lefts
Yeah but where else could you earn $50 shitposting in your undies?
Can go coach the rest of the league tbf
Goodnight HULKAMANIACS and jabronie marks without a life that don't know it a work when you work a work and work yourself into a shoot,marks
Wolves are not in form. They've won 1 in 5 (lost 3 of them). Just because they played well vs Liverpool (they always show up vs top teams) and fluked a comeback vs Southampton people think they're amazing and nailed for 4th. &amp;#x200B; Going back even further they've won 4 in 11 premier league games (since the start of December) and kept 1 clean sheet.
Thats 43,000,000 people monthly.
I think he was genuinely giving advice
Honestly before reading the end of your post when you were talking about pass timings I immediately thought of that pass to Robbo too.
People like Phoebe in Friends being able to go and eat and drink in a New York coffee shop in front of Central Park EVERY DAY while being a part time masseuse and living alone in a really nice apartment. Where's her money come from?!
Half the team got rested today talk about a fucking massive overreaction. If he doesn’t play against Palace maybe I’ll think he’s not nailed on but until then it’s absolutely overreacting.
The same fans also said he probably wouldn’t play at the beginning of the season. They’re not the manager lmao why would you all of a sudden drop one of your better performers this season when the team is doing brilliantly.
Yup i've read it too but it wasn't a box of chocolates last time it was something else.
Exactly. How many people suffer (and still suffer) the after effects of working in coal mines for years? Chronic Bronchitis and worse suffered by [thousands](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/304198.stm) of coal workers from the North East of the UK alone. Yeah Chernobyl was a catastrophe but that's a one off event, coal miners were doing that stuff as part of their jobs. But we still burn coal for energy and no one is afraid of it because it's been sorted out now.
I wasn’t saying Vardy won’t do well or not I was just commenting solely on the fact that wolves aren’t in form.
He was saying be glad and imagine the amount of money you saved, he was agreeing with you.
I've watched him for 5 years and didn't know this. How do I not know?
Was like playing Fifa on amateur tbf
Yeah and let him take 5 touches and turn and shoot 20 yards out while they’re at it
Lol fuck off it’s never a penalty.
His momentum of turning quickly meant his arms were up, its a very natural position when you swing your body for your arms to rise up.
Well no they shouldn’t. Their first was a free kick too. Oh well it’s a good story and money for them so fair play.
A testament to Tranmere when Man united come to prenton Park and put their strongest team out. Shows how far they’ve come.
Lovren stole a wage today
&gt;seriously, how would anyone feel if Pep, or Ole, or any other manager decided to just not show up to a competitive fixture and let their u21/23 manager take over? I genuinely wouldn't give one single fuck.
We did that last season IIRC.
What was the original tweet?
&gt;If we lost to Liverpool in the CL final we would not be milking it till the end of time. I think you'd just fucking delete the club and start again under a new guise. It's what i'd want us to do. It would be for the best.
Pretty sure they all called him a fucking moron tbf
Are you allowed to play your first team players considering we're your parent club?
I don't get why Nantes would be in trouble for not getting the money though. I understand they were expecting it, but they haven't *lost* the money for nothing in return like Cardiff would if they paid £15m for nothing. &amp;#x200B; Also, was Sala not insured? Or would that be invalid because of the circumstances, such as transport used or pilot used? &amp;#x200B; I feel a bit sick even talking about Sala in that way though, the whole thing between the two clubs is a fiasco.
&gt;So Pep or Klopp could just not show up to say Liverpool vs Norwich(or any relegation candidate for insance) and you wouldn't care? No, why would I? I couldn't give a fuck to be honest. He has his reasons and they are perfectly understandable. &amp;#x200B; If he came out and said "yeah sorry lads i'd rather go cinema with me mrs tonight" then yes, obviously i'd be bothered.
Calm down [Mr Lesnar](https://youtu.be/d4TNTuFpCkk)
It’s not always that simple. At least over here in the U.K. getting a mortgage is A LOT cheaper than renting. I could rent my apartment out for £575 a month, my mortgage is £302. Guess which one is easier to get? I have friends that can’t get a mortgage that could very easily afford £302 a month but would be able to rent a place easily without half the checks a bank would do. It took me 2.5 months to finalise my mortgage because of how thorough they were being. They usually only lend 4x your yearly salary too max, and then require a hefty deposit in some cases. Downvoted for stating literal first hand experience facts. Never change Reddit!
Only 3.1 r0? Not great, not terrible.
My mortgage, gas, electric, water, tax, tv license, phone bill, internet, house insurance, buildings insurance and life insurance (required to get a mortgage over here) comes to a total cost of £580 a month. Food and gas on top is probably close to £1000 (1700 Canadian, $1300 US). If you can't afford that you probably aren't working or should be looking for a house anyways.
What? That's massively false. Skybet, Paddy Power, William Hill &amp; Betfred ALL have markets for all WWE PPV's. Betfair too. They have done for 8 years or so.
WWE Network has around 1.5-2m subscribers alone. &amp;#x200B; BT Sports just purchased the rights for WWE, so there is interest in it.
We have a strict policy against that. I even have a line in my email signature that states if you're receiving my email on your day off that I respect your personal time and I don't expect a response.
Yeah same wtf not even on footybite
Waiting for people to say it hit Firmino's arm in the buildup because they checked for it.
What handball LMAO
He looked tired end of November but since then he's been back to his amazing best.
He’s not gonna fuck you mate
Giving his TC gang a heart attack
AND NOW YOURE GONNA BELIEVE US
Side note; 72 points is Everton’s record premier league points total. We’re 1 win away from that in January.
72 points is Everton’s record premier league points total. We’re 1 win away from that in January.
Nah fuck that we’re over clenching
Trump bad
Another Liverpool stat smh my head
Klopp is one of the others
I know, I like a good joke but at least have it make sense
Henderson is getting the press and TV talk at the minute. Apparently stating facts is downvote worthy, bunch of salty cunts, learn to fucking read. I never suggested he should just that they’re talking about him. Edit #2: just to rub it in your salty faces even more he’s currently joint second favourite with KdB to win it at 7/2. Mane is fav at 2/1. I’d say sorry to disappoint but I’m really not.
I know he has, I agree with you. Salty cunts are downvoting because they can’t differentiate between “I think Henderson should win it” and “people are talking about Henderson”.
Don’t listen to that shit my man, that’s the company covering their ass. Look at it or smell it before throwing it out, I’ve had milk last days after the use by date, and some go off the day after. If you have a good fridge you’ll get 2-3 days on top of most fresh products use by date, hell some even say “best” before. There’s nothing stopping you eating or using something after that date unless it’s clearly gone bad.
It’s probably going to go to mane or de bruyne. I personally don’t think Henderson should win it either.
Was that the Chinese rooftopper?
I was on -12 before the edits so I doubled down.
3 when you count Watford vs Everton.
Mmmmm, tastes very strange.
You’re right there’s 5.
If someone sniped it he'd actually have more money. He's putting worthless stuff up for amounts they're not worth, if someone bought them he'd have their money and his own he hasn't used to make the purchase with yet.
&gt;Do you honestly expect me to go trawl through someone’s Twitter to find out additional context? No because he told you about the context so you didn't have to. In the comment that you replied to.
&gt; He didn’t source it, so why should I believe it? Why is the onus on me to go trawl the Twitter acc to verify his claim? I mean he told you it was the case, if you don't believe it that's up to you.
&gt;Whattt Roussillon was amazing for me in the early game. Yup. Fuck Roussillon he was too good up until around December. Caught up many a winger and overpowered them.
&gt;Too bad, they call a dog, dog gives them right to search your car. They're only legally allowed to search your car with a dog if the dog is present when they pull you over; they can't detain you for a dog search.
I'm 461 and it's hard enough getting into anything higher than a 10. People just won't accept you because they want an easy run. Like 11-13's drop ilvl 460 but they won't take me because they look at 460 as undergeared. Not a chance i'm getting accepted for a 14-15 (which is the content I need to progress my gear). &amp;#x200B; I had to settle for a 10 this week because it was getting tiring waiting for people to accept me. &amp;#x200B; And the one time I started a group for a 13 they left after we wiped ONCE on Kujo in Mechagon workshop because this weeks affix is a random mass aoe damage to anyone standing in your circle, and the game decided to proc it while we were hiding bunched together behind that block for his AOE attack.
Just realised - how is there not an Icon Beckham yet?
Cantona was a fantastic player but Beckham was literally the most famous player in the world at one point. If he existed during the age of social media while he was playing it would have been ridiculous. He still has 66m followers on instagram now! Madness he's not an Icon. Absolutely the definition of an Icon and i'm a Liverpool fan.
Where the fuck you from that you pay $200 for shorts.
I see this as an absolute win.
Is there an alternate table they don't want to be top of?
&gt; oh wait they’re turning 30 In two years mate.
2 seasons is a fucking long time in Football and they're entering their primes. They dont just stop being good at 30 anymore.
&gt;He's a silky, visually appealing player, young and he plays for England. We already have all of this in James Milner.
&gt;Obvs it's not a good time but if we sell/release: &gt; &gt;Pedro, Willian, Drinkwater, Bakayoko, Baba, Bastuyai, Zappacosta, Moses, Alonso/Emerson. The issue is finding clubs to buy these players now.
&gt;And snagging Timo from Liverpool is lolz We've said we didn't want him (for whatever reason, whether it's fit, another target in mind or money or something else). It says so in that article. &amp;#x200B; I'd assume it's true because if we truly wanted him we'd have gotten him 100%. A shame because I personally really wanted him here. &amp;#x200B; (Obviously any Liverpool flair on this thread talking actual sense and not twitter garbage = instant downvotes so go ahead you hivemind).
&gt;Should have no problem finding suitors for Willian, Bakayoko, Batshuayi and Emerson. They all still have the ability to play at a high level. &amp;#x200B; I think the wages Willian will command will be an issue. The fees you'd ideally want for the other 3 would be the issue I think, they're all good enough to play for top 10 PL teams but you're gonna want £30m+ for Baka, over £20m for Emerson and Bats too. Who's gonna be able to pay it right now?
We got almost all the coutinho money, what a load of nonsense. We only missed out on around £5m of one appearance instalment.
&gt;He's decent enough but he's no Alaba. To not be as good as Alaba shouldn't be a stick to beat him with. Alaba is one of the best in the world.
&gt;Costs the club only 300-400k to subsidize that gap and the gap was just 120k the year before. What's the prize money like in the Womens League? Is bridging the gap financially worth it to try and win the top prizes or finish higher in the league/womens champions league? &amp;#x200B; If the answer to the question is no then that's why FSG haven't done it to be fair. It looks and sounds harsh but they are a money making machine.
How the fuck did no one else trigger this.
Dejan Lovren played left back once. Do you not want him instead?
I was asking legitimate questions because I don’t know the answer. But of course I was downvoted because I have a Liverpool flair.
The Coven closed?!
To be fair Robin Park is a lot better than it once was. Plus the new builds across the road. If they started to stick some nice apartments around there it could look better. &amp;#x200B; The Red Robin had a refurb too. I have stories about that place.
I’m genuinely wondering why cheques were ever a thing. The amount of trust you had to put into the person giving you it was insane. Never going back to that part of the country? “Do you accept cheques?”
Fuck off Dominic
Just assist more 4Head
Absolutely. Exodar is my go to AH place. No one is there, no gold spammers, no kids spamming "CAN ANYONE LEND ME 5 GOLD!!!" and it's literally around the corner from the portal.
Mate you've got extra wildcards too. You just haven't used them yet.
&gt;Pretty unfair on anyone who has saved chips or is top of a money league. They still have the advantage of an extra chip. They haven't lost it.
I'm a poor pleb trying to make ends meet alright
How come he left Marseille? He had a good record with them too.
This is definitely not fake. You can tell by the reactions of everyone involved filming.
I'm a 33 year old and somehow never heard of him. Not sure how that happened. Imagine being downvoted for being honest about not hearing about someone before.
I still try to imagine in an alternate universe John Barnes took that ball to the corner flag.
forsen absolutely destroyed him in their post match interview. I felt bad for sliker LULW
Imagine getting destroyed by a man who only has 10 lines
&gt; learned the history of the club, 5 minutes well spent
The League Cup Conundrum
My FPL will be in fucking shambles.
Both ended up public though, so it's sort of irrelevant. I get what you mean though.
Obviously if the person never finds out it’s “harmless” in that sense I do agree, but it’s not the case in this situation because it became very public because it was put into an outlet that allowed it to become public.
Ok
Just say it’s his wall though, he saves his own time, a pointless discussion with an asshole, and police time after she inevitably calls them.
&gt;or she could mind her own business... that would save a lot of time Yes obviously but he can't stop her minding her own business. By the time she interacts with him that ship has sailed.
&gt;why are you blaming someone not turning the other cheek I'm not blaming him for anything at all. I'm just saying if it were me i'd have literally just said "yeah it's my wall" and then the conversation is over.
Just get paid more 4Head
&gt;Pogba too let's face it, he's not Kante but he puts in a shift. But Graeme Souness told me he's lazy and entitled.
He's essentially backup for 3 positions because Mane can switch to Salah's side if Coutinho plays LW. Creating opportunities to rest either Mane, Salah or one of the midfield 3.
I usually have a list of must haves that I’m gonna run out of. Soda, toilet roll, kitchen roll, any cleaning stuff or laundry items etc. Then I just buy food as I go and then think “what will be good with this chicken I just picked up?” And take it from there.
Luckily the PC gaming stream on Saturday gave us so much to look forward to....
Oh man it was so dogshit.
I think he really needs to push Rangers on next season. They bottled it after christmas, although he's done really well with them in Europe. He's showing all the signs of someone who would be the right fit, he just needs more experience with Rangers first.
At least Kenny has a stand named after him, that's probably better than a statue.
You're taking this way too seriously.
I know who i'm betting on for Sports Personality of the Year 2020.
Yeah but what has Harry actually done to deserve a knighthood? He's not done much outside of his sporting achievements (world cup golden boot) has he?
Oh yeah forgot about that. He got his MBE before that though. He only did the Orient stuff recently.
Schrodingers Facepalm
&gt;Elaborate He tore trent to pieces.
He'll win SPOTY 2020 for sure.
&gt;root
Oliver forgot to charge his watch
It’s deffo fucked because they always have the Hawkeye thing ready to show us where it takes away all the players
It’s not even touching the post in this pic though
Right but this pic is taken further on
Do you reckon halfway through someone went “fuck, we forgot the goal line tech” and someone was like “don’t worry, we’ll sort it at half time nothings gonna happen”.
Carlos Tevez is actually in charge of goal line tech today and is back to fuck with Sheff Utd
He also got bamboozled by Firmino for a goal to be fair.
He had a good game, but he did get completely mugged off for that goal. [As most of this sub acknowledged (4th comment chain onwards)](https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/enat86/tottenham_hotspur_01_liverpool_firmino_37/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
Is that the one that ridiculously didn’t count as a dribbled past stat?
Also rip 2020 invincibles
They’re not overruling a computer here because the computer didn’t even give a decision. There should now be something introduced where if a Hawkeye image can’t be produced after a close call VAR needs to step in, because the only way a Hawkeye image isn’t produced is in this exact scenario.
And you hadnt heard of this one having an error until over 9000 games. It’s a freak occurrence.
Vid army
&gt;going with Ederson you’ll be sacrificing an attacker slot You can literally only put KdB and *maybe* Sterling (although up until last night was in absolutely dire form in 2020) in from City as a guaranteed starter. Having Ederson is better than having Aguero sat on the bench for 70 minutes.
Can someone ELI5 the reason Aguero gets an assist but KdB doesn't?
Oh damn, I didn't even recheck after Martin Tyler said he didnt get an assist on commentary.
So if you have 2 wow accounts on one [battle.net](https://battle.net) login and bot on one they dont ban the whole [battle.net](https://battle.net) account?
I remember getting to some sort of water level on turtles and losing most of my lives and then getting to the same point later on and dying there once and being game over. Never finished that game and my memories are probably a little fuzzy.
I had both of them and KdB to be fair but even after him bagging an assist i'm regretting it. Obviously with a DGW just put Aguero in it's a no brainer but going forward my first transfer is probably going to be Aguero &gt; Kane.
&gt;Look at how Soldado and Jannssen were idolized I have never seen anyone idolise these players unironically. &amp;#x200B; Also Sissoko was massively lauded by your fanbase last season for his improvements.
Yeah and he really needs to step up because both Henderson and Gini are 30 now, we should be looking at replacements in a couple seasons whilst they transition into Milner-like backup roles, and obviously it's better to only have to splash out on one more midfielder than two because Naby can't stay fit.
I was watching a load of highlights from our games this season and one thing that stuck out is the really good performances (Leicester away, Southampton at home) who started? Keita. He's only had 4 starts all season and 2 of them were 2 of our best performances.
Roy Keane lmaooooo
No
Had a good lockdown have we Roy? He’s been simmering for months.
This isn’t even a quarter of it He started off by saying he’d be throwing punches at half time
So it wasn't a good shot?
Add £20m onto the bill for Chelsea.
I've missed the premier league
DCL still checks under his bed for Lovren at night after that assault.
Not having that Rashford vs Spurs one. &amp;#x200B; Rest range from "soft but seen them given" to "stonewall".
Wat
I’m just commenting based on the clip I’ve been shown. Maybe it’s been clipped at that angle on purpose.
How was the workout pal
I was replying to a comment chain in which someone posted a compilation? Jesus fucking Christ you’re hilariously defensive. Get a grip. I literally agreed the rest are pens.
Your point makes zero sense. I had evidence provided to me in the form of a compilation and based my opinion on it like any normal person would do. I’m not going to go and search for your fucking extended highlights. I’ve got the clip in front of me. Jesus wept.
Show me where I said you can’t change my mind. In fact I think you’ll find I said “maybe it’s been clipped like that on purpose” IE perhaps it was a penalty and the clip they’ve chosen to include is at a bad angle intentionally.
Good job on ignoring the rest of my post. And that doesn’t say you can’t change my mind. Fucking hell.
Ah yes there it is. About time.
wont tell u again
They did that one already
[Bah gawd that's Owen Hart's music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8HnGLHDdXg)
You know that was fake, right?
I mean literally the only thing that happened was a picture with some snapchat DM's on it and "btw this is trent". Link the proof it was actually him.
You accused him of hitting on pregnant married women, not me. The burden of proof is on you.
Tripling down on bullshit I see.
And herein lies the massive problem with online society as a whole. There have been numerous instances of false claims from both male and female "victims" online, especially against celebrities. &amp;#x200B; The #metoo movement was fantastic, but it's lead to this mindset of "well, he/she have been accused, it MUST be true!" and people like you lap it up, when it can be damaging to someone's reputation or career. Luckily with Trent it hasn't been, because it was fake as fuck. &amp;#x200B; No, it's not always true. You can't just throw up some random picture and go "trent sent me this guys, look!". That's not how it works. She never proved it was him, and it went away completely leading me to believe it was entirely bullshit.
Ah so you're a troll. Now I get it.
Great finish. &amp;#x200B; Leeds doing their best to avoid promotion again. Luckily for them Fulham lost yesterday.
I have seen Nketiah in so many of my mini league rivals teams lmao
He should be nailed on now surely. They're night and fucking day without him, he got man of the match for 23 minutes yesterday. &amp;#x200B; I have Doherty and Traore too but got rid of Jimi for Aguero just for this week. Might switch for next week. Jimi, Ings and Ayew were/are straight up killing it for me lately.
Thank christ. (incoming salty Lundy owners with downvotes)
Yes lad &amp;#x200B; Could do with a Baldock assist or goal too for my Sky team.
Why isn't Henderson red showing as "injured/unavailable" for the Utd game? Or is he allowed to play this one? He didn't play the reverse fixture.
I thought so, but so many RMT have Henderson in goal for the upcoming GW too. Thought they knew something I didn't.
Must be some sort of Utd fanfic i've never heard of.
We play Palace before City play Chelsea. They play Burnley tomorrow, so if they lose there and we win today we'd win the title.
I mean he wouldn't be wrong.
Is there no platform Rockstar won't release GTAV on?
Villas crowd noise has been by far the worst so far. Both games terrible. Some other games have been fine but it’s genuinely awful.
Oh well at least I can cheer on Burnley tomorrow now.
His beard was MOTM
Isn’t that just your regular footballing routine though?
You’ve spunked some money on midfielders the last few years though to be fair.
Yeah he books Digne for a perfect tackle and then just shrugs after richarlison brings down ox on the edge of the area after he’d skinned 3 players
That just sounds like the oblivion at Alton towers tbh. Less of a rollercoaster more of a drop into the abyss.
Yeah I’d have rather watch us win it than city lose. Obviously that’s only because of the gap we’ve given ourselves otherwise if it were close I would love to win it any way possible.
I know what you mean, but we've sort of given ourselves the chance to be picky about how we want to win it because of how dominant we've been. I wouldn't have been cheering Burnley on tonight if we'd won the derby.
Mane is actually a white supremacist.
Varys?
What am I looking for?
I saw now, thanks though mate.
Holy fucking shit that's the worst "banter" i've ever seen
No one cares about Sterling. De Bruyne is on the fucking bench though.
According to your edit only scousers are “triggered” by this yet I see Chelsea and Zenit fans also implying you’re retarded. How strange.
No ones salty kid, they’re just calling you retarded and laughing at you.
Difference is Sammy said his shit in public and was a lot more recent.
Is there a legitimate way to Gorilla press a woman safely without the possibility of coming into contact with either her breasts or vagina? Seems like with that move it's always going to happen.
Guys i'm stressing. I've never had so much of an issue with my captain. Choices: &amp;#x200B; Ings (H) vs Arsenal Fernandes (H) vs Sheff Utd Doherty/Jimenez (H) Vs Bournemouth Mane/Trent (H) Vs Palace KdB (A) Vs Chelsea &amp;#x200B; My minds telling me Mane, but my body is telling me Ings.
&gt;You think Arsenal are that shit? Yeah tbh
Agreed. The shady part is the massively inflated fees to each other to get around FFP and being able to spread more money around over the next 5 years.
Sandro wasn't a bad signing at the time. £5m for a 20 year old who had just scored 1 in 2 for Malaga in La Liga, it looked great business at the time.
He didn't look like a bad signing at all at the time to be fair.
Couldn't have happened to a nicer bloke
Not sure he was tbh
Riise had some thundercunt of a left foot
&gt;and their defenders aren't cheap either. Soyuncu is dirt cheap.
No one worth less than him has scored as many points, and he started at 4.5. And 4.9 is absolutely dirt cheap for a defender in the top 4 who guaranteed starts every game.
&gt;with Spurs' schedule they're probably going to keep more CS They've kept 6 in 30 games this season, what makes you think they're all of a sudden going to be rock solid at the back? He may get more attacking returns but Soyuncu outscored Aurier again this week with 2BP. I'd expect Spurs to concede in 5 of their last 7 games (SHU, Everton, Arsenal, Leicester, Palace). Newcastle away isn't a surefire CS either, the only team i'd back them to keep out is Bournemouth.
He's definitely earning 5 figures minimum a month producing youtube videos alone.
Some of his videos have 2m+ views. I'd be very surprised if he wasnt making high 6 figures a year.
He has nearly a billion youtube views. That's 3m euro. He's been going 8 years but hasn't been that popular since the start, but even if it was split evenly thats nearly 400k a year since he began. And again that is JUST youtube ad views. They'll have sponsors and everything else now.
A little yeah but doubt he’s getting there anyway
Stop Savin chat
No
Good to be back
Fabi Alonso
Sakho playing chess while everyone else playing checkers
Fabi Alonso has turned up tonight
Fuck that let’s beat them in their back yard
Fuck that I’ll be sat there singing blue moon so that we can pump them in their back yard and win the league there
They can clap us off instead while we both unfurl a banner saying Gracias Milner
No wonder Salah was having a good time
It was horrifying but it always fucking worked and no one quite knows how. Not even Mamadou himself.
Yeah sorry wasn't really calling *you* a moron just to clarify.
Oh I love how it’s eating you inside
I’m gonna be honest I love noble just for the fact that every time you’re featured on telly he goes into my request-a-bet to get yellow carded and he delivers more often than not.
gachiGASM
Scousers and Americans standing hand in hand with a banner that says thank you Christian in American and Scouse
I mean go on then
Hahaha thanks mate 😘
Reddit’s servers will be able to operate for 1 million more years
Gee I fucking wonder why that could be
Fernandes over Gundogan or Foden (as silva will leave) for sure
The karma race is real
YYYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
GILD FOR THE FIRST 5 REPLIES
monkaS
You get my last gold
Every penny 😭😭
&gt;when he came was liverpool a big club? they legit were not even one of the top 4 teams in England You're discrediting Liverpool for not being a big club whilst simultaneously bigging up the fact he's just dominated the league with "tiny Liverpool". &amp;#x200B; Pick one.
I'm just here to say the post you're replying to [says it was made 11 minutes after your reply.](https://imgur.com/a/9nAQloO) You're a time wizard.
2016 would be a good starting point.
I'm was on "new" reddit desktop when I noticed it.
A lot will depend on what they announce in regards to next seasons start date. He'll want to keep the players ticking over surely.
Yeah, he literally stops talking with his head down as if he's trying to not cry.
They say most wrestlers are themselves turned up to 10. Apart from Kane, apparently he's the nicest fucking guy in the world.
This, it is SO fucking annoying. Reddit annoys anyone for any little thing but honestly reading someone call Sheff Utd "Sheffield" on this sub or any football related sub is honestly my biggest pet peeve. Possibly even including non-online stuff too. &amp;#x200B; I don't know why it annoys me so much!
Mate in my 20's on nights out groups of girls would always get involved the group of lads we were out with, i've had my ass grabbed and been kissed by drunken women when i've had a girlfriend and had to pull away like "nah im taken". Guys respond differently but if it were the other way around it just looks worse. I don't really consider myself a victim of sexual assault, even though it definitely would fall under that.
Are you fucking stupid? I'm the one being pawed you absolute grade a Pepega.
That is some fucking free kick
Twitch\* Pepega
FeelsBadMan
He's been more than an interesting pick for the last 6 months. £6.0 gang.
It said that link has already been submitted within the last 31 days :(
I miss Nani, I wonder why she's stopped streaming completely or even posting to twitter. She used to be really active and chatty on everything but she's just fallen off the face of the earth. If you didn't hear her on hobo's stream every now and then i'd think she was dead.
Yeah I know but I don't think it's been as long as 4 months. Not a single twitter post since feb either, and she hasn't even updated her instagram in exactly a year (I just checked now because I saw this thread). Just seems out of character for her.
Yeah, I have been drunk and woke up in the morning not remembering stuff, but as soon as someone else mentions it i'm like "OH YEAH! That happened!". You have to be REALLY fucking wasted to not remember ANYHING that happens when you're drunk.
It's like a cows opinion
