Protesters will realize Communism is just as bad as Facism/Nazism
&gt;And the autistic guy shooting his guns on Alder wtf?? *Second Amendment Screeching*
Well, can't they legally take his guns away tomorrow thanks to Kate Brown?
FUCK THAT SHIT. SOUNDS LIKE YOU NEED TO STOP TALKING TO YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY IF THEY GIVE YOU SO MUCH SHIT OVER NOT TALKING TO ONE MEMBER, JUSTIFIABLY OF COURSE.
Really worked out well for Europe in the 1930s
And people will just buy them for younger people like when the smoking age was 18
Nothing good comes from refriending an ex. Even if it was innocent he should know and respect that doing something like that could make you feel uncomfortable and cause problems. Sorry, but he's either currently unhappy in your relationship and living in the past, or he's going to/is cheating on you.
They can probably sue the renters insurance company if they had it. If they have no money as is they won't get anything out of suing them other than unpaid legal bills.
r/dankchristianmemes
Dime store Dean Winchester
Reminds me of that SNL skit when Giuliani hosted where they combated gang graffiti tags by putting "is gay" underneath them
Guy sounds like a joke. He would be lucky enough to get a job with a shitty team like the Jets
Maybe we need to give them natural Brawndo
Dee you haven't thought about the smell you bitch!
The move everyone who drafted Derrick Henry has been waiting for
If I wanted to watch 2 minutes of a game in 30 minutes I would turn on the NBA
I don't know what it is, but can I buy it so I can put restaurant names on it? I can spin the wheel and stop arguing with my GF about where to go eat.
Rodgers to the Jets confirmed
Fucking Lincoln and habeas corpus and not knowing where the first down line was
I don't think you need a costume for people to have sex with a beast
Did your sister wives put you up to this?
I'm sure the tax is helping small convenience stores make their ends meet
They always add an animal sidekick when things get slow
They had shitty records in the baseball one
So if North Korea is behind a cryptocurrency in secret, and you invest in it, does that mean you lose all your money and go to jail?
Would it be creepy if women bought sex robots as much as it's considered if men did the same?
Well, the supreme court has said that police officers have no obligation to protect you. I'm sure if it went to them again they would also say fire fighters have no obligation to save you.
Isn't giving birth to more people contibuting to white priviledge and supremacy? How is getting an abortion also doing the same?
A lot of cancer meds have copay assistance programs that makes your copay $0-$25 after insurance. You usually hit your yearly out of pocket max after a couple of dispenses, at which point your medication is free
Reluctant blowjobs does not equal willing blowjobs
Why not call it "Can You Diggs It?" or "Diggsing for Gold"
Damn. He could've come up with anything and it would've stuck forever. I would've been all "AND DIGGS SCORES THE TOUCHDOWN. OH WHEN THE SAINTS GO MARCHING HOME!"
He used his testosterone replacement therapy as a way to win races
Jesus Christ there's no way he overcomes that
Who wouldn't want an informational pamphlet for dealing with mother in laws?
This is serious guys. His wife could've been blinded by the nut.
Looks like he learned to respond to taunting pretty quickly
Shouldn't you be in grad school by now?
That's what the Facebook commercial told me
1 October surveillance plz
Makes sense. You can't grow up in Compton in China.
I use the money to remove myself from society, thus making it a better place
Funeral home
Not to mention that you're dealing with the garbage and fun of people coming and going at all night in your backyard instead of your front yard!
So they'll either count the homeless at shelters in the summer and say the problem is decreasing, or they'll count them during deadly cold times in the winter to say our services and tax dollars are being out to good use to get people off of the street. Gotcha.
IMPORTING LAST YEAR'S TAXES MY ASS. NOW I HAVE TO PAY $5 AND WAIT FOR THE STATE TO SEND ME MY COPY
They show him naked lady picks and if he's not concussed he says he would smash
Did you ever listen to lectures before you did the thing you wanted to do anyway?
The only member of Hanson that was mistaken for a dude
&gt;the league went easy on Oakland because it wants the Raiders to sign Colin Kaepernick
Well, look at how long it took them to win a Super Bowl after that
The Walking Dead will finally get competent writers
Oh joy. Wheels that I will definitely use over my Draco/K2 colored theme setups.
I really need to do this. I got several transfusions to save my life after a botched surgery years and years ago. I was good about donating at every drive when in college but life has gotten so busy. It's hard to make the appointments.
I think it's also like $10 on PS4. It's modded and you can fast forward through fights which makes it even better to play.
I didn't realize CEOs made so little
I'm pretty sure there is a card that they issue to you
Mutant League Football is coming back soon. It should be like NFL Blitz with completely fucking outrageous things in it such as players turning into giants, and exploding balls, etc.
&gt;Most people don't go to church though. They do if the message has become so generalized and watered down that it basically makes them believe showing up for an hour on a Sunday is enough
I bet it looks like NERV headquarters when an Angel attacks
It has to be anecdotal evidence since HIPAA is involved
Never forget
Trini died in a car accident The staff was extremely homophobic to Billy
Mutant Football League
They can suck it up or replace 3 SPs. Only 6 can be rostered too lmao
That's my secret, Cap. I always look disinterested.
I think OHSA should investigate those benches. Sitting on them can weaken people's feet apparently.
We can all help prevent suicide. The Lifeline provides 24/7, free and confidential support for people in distress, prevention and crisis resources for you or your loved ones, and best practices for professionals. 1-800-273-8255
That would just pump me up
Your girlfriend hacked your bank account after sabotaging your car to try to collect a life insurance policy. Call the police.
If my opponent is going to bench Rosario for players like Hamilton and Polanco, then he should just give him to me where he'll be appreciated and nourished.
They would keep showing up regardless of anybody showed up, but it was the election riot that gave them the idea to show up in the first place.
&gt;Eudaly's office noted that Wick could be selected without a bid because she's a women-owned business and the city officially allows for larger contracts to support minority- and women-owned businesses. You can't make this shit up anymore.
Probably going to drop/trade Godley after this 2 start week. Which SP on the wire should I target? My top choices are Buehler, Pivetta, Musgrove, Ross or Mengden
What are you talking about? Sonny Gray has 7 HRs to his name this year alone
My only hesistation with Buehler is any potential innings limit. I'm assuming he won't go past 200, right?
Haters wanna hate Lovers wanna love AFCN defenders want to do none of the above...
"We must pay for affordable housing by making it unaffordable to live here"
Did he join the Karma Police department?
I think he's had enough shots
He's hoping to stay in the minors
Open mouth kiss me Escobar!
Downloading Trials Fusion right now. Does it come with all of the DLC or no?
Fuck. He could've cycled too, right?
I get the feeling we don't have to change anything and school shootings will decrease and even be non-existent in the next couple of months.
Reginald
Cock fights?
Sounds like a great name for a strip club that specializes in pizza
What's the point of autopilot then?
H2O!
Can't believe Berrios is on my bench for another CG. Fuck me for using Godley as a 2 starter instead
You could just dip a q-tip in warm water and go to town. Would probably only take like 5 minutes.
Beeks getting shelled. Always temper your expectation with new SPs.
Mookie coming off DL. JD going on DL. Can't explain that!
Sidebar?
Just basically shit luck that I'm only in third place and still trying to separate myself from the rest of the pack. I have the most points against in my league.
Please move him to tuesday
The dog days of baseball? The season's not even half way over
Nope. Not until the governments in Oregon start respecting tax payer money and using it wisely. I'm against any tax increases or bond measures until the government can show it can put the record breaking surprlus of money to good use.
Morton pitching like he saw his parents having sex before the game
&gt; (3) Do dogs suffer oppression based upon (perceived) gender? It concludes by applying Black feminist criminology categories through which my observations can be understood and by inferring from lessons relevant to human and dog interactions to suggest practical applications that disrupts hegemonic masculinities and improves access to emancipatory spaces. And yet, people wonder how someone like Donald Trump could have been elected.
Well, I generally hope they aren't dogshit if that's what you mean
I was told there would be Mookie/JD dongs
Any ETA on Cueto's return. Thinking about stashing him when Belt comes off the DL
[Let me know how that works out for you](https://imgur.com/331mEwd)
Donald Trump's hands?
How that van hasn't been ticketed into oblivion is beyond me
Oh good. No Mookie or Soto. Not like I wasn't already losing.
My opponent is beating the everloving shit out of me
Contreras and Clev an overpay for Ray?
Dear ESPN: fix your app. It was bad enough when you combined all go fantasy sports into one app and added unnecessary steps to get to the pages we need. Now, your app constantly closes or freezes if I move from it into another page/app. I have to kill the app and waste my data having everything reload every single time I don't keep the app 100% open. Want to know how much data your shitty app has eaten up this month? 387 MB. Using your website on mobile isn't an option because for some reason the page constantly likes to resize and I click on the wrong things, even though I clicked on where I was trying to go. If it wasn't for the fact my league is full of old men who are afraid of technology and/or change, I would have had them move the league to a competitor's site a long time ago. Please stop your app from crashing Please stop your app from eating data Please make the app show more information like your site does
Wait for Amy to slam down then run in and charge attack the head, you might have a chance to stun and visceral attack. Do this for the first two phases and keep your distance. For the final phase keep running until Amy jumps and then stand completely still. When Amy lands you'll either be facing the head or have to do a 180 to face the head, charge attack, get distance, repeat.
You don't even have to be here 10 years to notice the change. Every year things seem to be getting worse. Give it a few more years and the city will become a full on cesspool.
She even said "you're infected now" after biting him
Can't wait to go to the game Saturday. Hoping I get to see Mookie, JD, Bogey and that they don't rest them
Heading up to Seattle to scout out why Mookie and JD aren't hitting as many dongs as I would like them to.
I WOULDN'T CALL COMCAST THAT. IF ANYTHING THEY'RE PANSEXUAL
Guy is offering me Nolan for Freeman. I have Belt as a backup 1B. Current 3B is Escobar. Should I take it?
So I got an Osaka Tigers shirt and decided that I guess I will start casually following Hanshin as well. Where do I start in order to start following Japanese baseball? I see that they haven't won a title since I've been alive.
So are we expecting a set up man for Doolittle or competition?
ICE was literally created under her husband's presidency
My mom worked her ass off to get us out of the hood and into a shitty apartment, then met my step dad who moved us into a house. I don't miss it or being poor at all, but I don't think I'll ever have a sense of safety/security in my lifetime.
Fuck me. Opponent got a decent head start yesterday.
Just make sure your safe word is easy to pronounce
Because there's already too many cars on the road for me to feel like it's a safe option. Biking and public transportation will be even worse when even more cars get on the road to avoid tolls.
Our schools are fucked
I don't think he cares. It's like I'm Jodie Foster on the pinball machine and his K/9, ERA, WHIP, swinging strike rate, and BB/9 are the dudes railing me.
Time to open up a bunch of gas stations just over state lines
Hanley: 🎶Taaaake Onnnn Meeee🎶 Federal/State authorities: "Okay"
Why would you make a drug deal over the phone, let alone use a face to face feature on a phone?
LA Fitness is great if you want to get the flu or legionnaires disease
Down by 0.1 because of that Soto K. My only hope is Doolittle now
Doolittle with the save and saving my weel
Finally 2 games over .500!
When I first moved here the Seahawks sucked and you could get two nice tickets to a game for about $100 a piece. Then they got good and bandwagon fans drove up those prices to about $300-$400 per ticket. When everyone was excited about the Super Bowl the bandwagon fans thought it was the first time going. They had no idea who Hasselbeck or Alexander were and how the refs screwed them out of their first Super Bowl championship. Will be funny to see how many stick around now that the team is declining rapidly.
How? Did he ask to be released or traded by the Mets and they granted it?
That depends. How well do you do when facing adversity?
A lot of peoples' lives are going to be irreparably fucked by having federal felonies on their records. I hope they realize what they're getting themselves into if they don't move. This isn't the typical for fun protests where the PPB won't man handle you and the DA drops charges all together. Also, you'll no longer be able to vote.
[OP](https://imgflip.com/i/2cvpk7)
Except MLK specifically called out not pissing people off to get them to join your cause but to get them to see that you're human as well.
And 50% of those are tapping into their savings to buy a cup of coffee?
Wow
So glad I played Kinsler over Carpenter
Why can we all agree that immigration isn't bad, Illegal immigration is bad, the immigration process should be less of a hassle for people trying to get in, asylum seekers should be allowed but properly vetted to ensure they're not a security risk or formerly agents against the US?
They should only call him up if the Mets are in an elimination game against Pittsburgh
Over the 100lb carry on fee?
No u
[Only 9?](https://media1.tenor.com/images/001dfba23c36f0daa45a81f1037cbcbe/tenor.gif?itemid=6096185)
The Score needs to go back to their text only notifications. With the added images I can't just read the news they're breaking in my alerts anymore.
Wouldn't be surprised they were told to push it back to help out elections this year. If it's something voters actually wanted it shouldn't be hard to get signatures.
When Cueto and Thor are healthy and off the DL I have to drop a bench bat. Do I cut Eaton, Belt, or Carpenter. I tried to do 2 for 1 trades for upgrades but nobody is accepting. I would package them with Morton or Clev to try to get a slightly better pitcher or a strongish bat.
Are they all Canadian citizens? If so then this is kind of a dick move to those kids to cancel this.
Put pressure on health systems to have extended clinic hours for therapists/psychiatrists
I don't know how/why anyone would assume you two are gay. Do you share food and wipe each other's mouth off? Do you towel each other after working out? Or it's the same last name?
It's either him or MVS/Doctson
No FAAB left. It's entirely my fault if I lose. I didn't bite on a Carson for DJax trade offer last week. Carson would've replaced Breida in my flex
Looks like I'm cruising to a W. The teams with Gurley, CMac, Barkley, Tamara, Ertz, Humphries, Ekeler, and Mahomes are toast. I might actually have a shot here
He's not the only one. Our Amazon driver routinely marks things as delivered without even showing up to our building. He's been busted red handed doing this because I get text alerts the moment something is marked as delivered and the package is not at my door, nor does it have a picture. I'm getting really sick of it because it keeps happening and Amazon doesn't seem to care.
Great, now a hacker is going to know I logged into it about 3 times 8 years ago
12 team 0.5 PPR with flex IDP. Need help with my waiver priorities. I have $0 FAAB and plan on snaking a player or two from another playoff team blowing their load on a single pickup. Guys I'm targeting: Sproles, Dixon, Ian Thomas, Stills, McKenzie, Zenner (in that order). Looking to drop MVS, Chandler Jones, Zay Jones at least. Doing multiple claims for each player using at least these three guys in case more than one goes through. Would you say it's safe to drop DJax, and John Kelly in addition to try to get any of those other players?
If your league gives bonuses for 100 yards rushing and more points for rushing TDs I would drop Mayfield for Allen or Jackson. Denver's DL is probably going to feast
Why not play Matt Ryan instead?
Baldwin's knees are toast. Even if he does play he just is a decoy for Lockett
I would take Hamilton. Sutton seems to be a decoy for him and Patrick
Who are the top 5 projected FA WRs?
Pickup Thomas, drop Burton. Start your studs
Cam loves his TEs. With his shoulder becoming Powdered Toast Man he's going to rely on those shorter passes to his TE more than ever
Why is everyone scared of Arizona's D? They've given up more passing yards than Indy's D on average this season
I think JJ is starting. I would grab him before someone else does but keep an eye on his status before Thursday
Shitty weather might make for harder ball control/catching but those gloves are basically like Spider-man's ability to stick to a wall
0.5 PPR. All of my waivers somehow went through and I have no fucking idea who to start: Sproles- I don't know if Foles will do a ton of dump offs or screens because I don't remember how he was years ago as a starter. Dixon- I don't know if Jackson will eat up his runs or throw the ball to him that much against a shitty TB secondary. Thomas- I don't know if the Saints D will shut him down knowing that Cam's arm is toast and he's most likely the top target once he's out of the pocket. Hamilton- Keenum is a wild card and I'm not sure how his receivers will do against the Browns' secondary.
I'd stay away from Howard for sure. I would lean to Sony just because if he breaks off on a huge run you'll get those bonus points. It's a coin toss between him and Gordon since the Steelers are practically a divisional game with how often they play the Patriots
Those aren't the best of options. I would go with Jones since all of the others have been slightly more non-existent all season
Coin toss between Locket and Pettis, but leaning more towards Lockett
Is there anything better on the wire? It's hard to pick one of those guys let alone two.
It's razor thin. PIT is ranked 15th against WRs and 7th against RBs.
Sproles has an extremely high risk high ceiling game coming. Rams are 18th ranked passing defense per ESPN.
Hate to see what would happen if a certain family from Chapelle's Show donated anything
820 EST/520 PST
RBBC for all 3 guys
Guy in my league spent a ton in FAAB to have him for the possible championship matchup. Ouch
I thought I read somewhere that the number of building permits fell off a cliff after Eudaly's proposals went into effect. Basically what's being built now is it.
I am screwed for my flex position because all of my waivers somehow went through with $0 FAAB. Who do I start? Sproles at Rams Breida at Seahawks McGuire at Texans Thomas at Saints Dixon at Buccs Hamilton at Browns
ESPN get your shit together and give McGuire those 6 points
Went from projected to lose by 23 this morning to projected to win by 1 at the end of the 1st quarters for most games now projected to lose by 13 at the end of the half for most games
The article you posted literally says they're not eliminated
SO GLAD THEY BANNED PLASTIC STRAWS. IT'S MUCH EASIER TO DRINK WITH THE PLASTIC LIDS ON EVERYTHIG NOW.
CITY IS FINING ANY ESTABLISHMENT THAT PROVIDES PLASTIC STRAWS $500
He should probably stick to MILF hunting
IT FELL IN THE CAH PAH!
Narrator: they did
Breida or CJ?
There's a difference between signing up for a voluntary work program and being forced into working indefinitely for the rest of your life and beaten and tortured mercilessly because of the color of your skin. Also prisoners aren't having children while in captivity who are also having their children suffer from the same captivity without having ever known a life outside of forced labor.
Bloodborne is on sale if you don't already have it for $7 I believe.
Another one? You know that the "first" one that took Reddit by storm died because of her father neglecting to feed her or give her water for multiple days and also did not alert authorities that she was in bad shape until it was too late for them to do anything, right?
Police will camp and do DUI checks/"seat belt checks" where DUI checks are illegal
Our league does scoring different but does weekly locks. To combat this, they only allow *3* SP pickups per half. It's total bullshit to lose matchups because you might only have 3 SPs vs. 6 SPs.
People usually are idiots and blow pickups on players that had one or two games out of the gate. Usually you draft good SPs and hope for the best. Some people will blow their load on top pitchers but have no auction money for offense. We get $250 auction money for a 10 teamer and nobody bids anything close to what a guide will tell you for a league of that size. It's like trying to outbid a bunch of coked out rhesus monkies on the NYSE floor
I didn't get this alert or the presidential text. Is my phone not working or something?
He cares about this now? Not when it happened 18 months ago?
Do they have similar numbers? That would kind of fuck with people
You're right. The commercial for it said it would be spores we inhale
THAT'S BECAUSE THE CLICKLIST SHOPPER SPENDS FOUR HOURS TAKING AS MUCH TIME AS THEY CAN TO FILL AS MANY BAGS WITH AS FEW OF ITEMS AS POSSIBLE WHILE BLOCKING PEOPLE FROM BEING ABLE TO REACH ITEMS THEY NEED TO GET
Were you parked in a good area?
But I legally can't do a citizen's arrest if they claim they're borrowing the gold from an unknown person and even if they have a box that says "Gold Stealing Kit"
What if the moon was made of ribs
If announced tomorrow they could report for a game Wednesday
Will be out offending again in no time since jail isn't viewed as rehabilitative in the Pacific Northwest
And here I thought I won the Diaz for McCutchen trade 🥺
Cutch only has a sprained knee. No ETA
[Psssh you can't understand what kindergarteners can? LMAO](https://www.opb.org/news/article/oregon-school-sex-education-consent-gender-expression/)
But you don't get to laugh at poop and pee
Fuck me. So who should I grab as a replacement? Top 3 with promise seem to be Avisail, Hunter Pence and Mallex Smith
Hope he signs soon so I can see what overpays I'm offered for him
Now have Kimbrel and Neris. See you in hell Luke Jackson!
Guy in my league dropped him May 12th. Had to play musical chairs with no bench spots and people on IL but it's worth it now
Cancer can't come soon enough
Good. They need more contortionists.
Then raise your wages?
I lost my shit from the Mean Bean Machine boss fight. Also still have the Sonic 3 special stages engrained into my memory apparently
LMAO it was what I was referencing
That is pretty good news. Gross, but good news.
How much better would this sub be if we could effectively eliminate shit posts
Fuck the piece of shit that did this. Mob went too easy on him
If it didn't go through the stomach it went through intestines
Well first of all, all things are possible though God. So jot that down.
I keep getting surprised at how I find ways to lose every week "What're you going to do now, ~~Buck~~ u/Tiamdi!?"
Where's the best place to put your Black Lives Matter sign on the house you bought that displaced a black family?
If U C Yordan
So an extremely obnoxious and insufferable douche when losing or providing commentary when not currently in action
FF7 release date announced. No longer upset at the butt fucking I'm currently getting
.....so every union?
OP you really missed out on a "So you're telling me there's a Chance...Adams" title
Just because someone disagrees with you, it doesn't mean they're alt-right
I don't see alt-right references in that guy's profile Lots of porn though
Sounds like a sticky situation in Venezuela
Sheesh didn't realize how bad it got, just like any other addiction when you hit rock bottom
And to think, if he didn't get hurt he'd have 78 HRs by now
Good Lord. People like that are why people like Donald Trump got elected in the first place
Except she barely does that well. She's basically a cardboard cutout on that show.
What if I threw in Nola and took his shittiest pitcher away? We have pitcher pickup limits per half
I think Gio in that division has more value
A
Congrats Blues. Sad to see you leave the cupless club but you guys definitely earned it!
You forgot the point where the manager honors the coupon and give them a gift card
And calling rapists Gods!
And this time they'll be smart enough to keep some of the military leaders around so they don't run off and form guerilla armies
People of all races and background cross the border. It's not just "brown people"
He stayed in the game and rounded the bases, couldn't be *that* bad
That location at night makes any Plaid look like a Whole Foods in the suburbs
Probably DSJr
Yeah so convenient how quickly they released footage from a shooting in 2011
I doubt she has any money
Because they need to protect the department issued toddlers they're given
Can't Call Saul
[HETEROSEXUALS/CORPORATIONS THIS PAST WEEKEND](https://imgur.com/nLSTZ7C.jpg)
Police wouldn't have killed him if he was a polar bear
You wouldn't download a car...
Calhoun against CLE 4x and CHW x3 is a no brainer right?
Should I play Altuve and move Senzel to my 3rd OF Also I could grab Calhoun and play him as my 3rd OF/UTIL and bench Voit
Ugh if this game gets postponed I hope they make it up tomorrow. I have 3 guys affected
If it is then I have one Neris or Kimbrel to trade to the Yates owner in my league for an upgrade
🎶Wheeler's pitches in the sky keep on turnin' Don't know if he'll be DFA'd tomorrow🎶
Brienne of Barf
Let them have licenses if it means they'll have insurance as well. No insurance, no license
I tried offering Nola and Senzel and the guy turned it down. Either he's an idiot or Nola is really that bad
Is Dee Gordon worth rostering in a points league? Already have Altuve and Senzel at 2B and my OF are Senzel, Soto, JD, Kingery, Calhoun and Eloy
If you have MLB.tv you can watch games yesterday that you didn't get to watch
&gt;Betty told an officer she had no plans to leave. The officer contacted Multnomah County’s Adult Protective Services. The agency was familiar with the woman but wouldn’t provide a voucher to stay in a motel because she had a history of causing property damage and hoarding TLDR Never see articles about the people concerned about the problem opening their doors to these people
At what point should you worry about a headache or series of headaches being something more serious?
Or their lawyers told them to put him in those games because it'll make their case look better
Getting closer and closer to the stadiums in Super Baseball 2020
Marsha Scherzer?
Would be nice for Big Meat Pete to get another chance and go 5 for 5 with a cycle
If you're only taking transit on weekdays you're looking at around $100 per month. That's significantly cheaper than a loan payment, gas, insurance and depreciation
So either I made a genius move or am a total idiot. Got rid of Nola, German Marquez, Voit and Vlad Got Judge, the other German and Biggio and used the extra SP slot for Montas. Can stash German on IL when Caleb is healthy and grab Gallen if he performs well. Voit was my Big Meat Pete backup. Have Kingery to replace Vlad. OF is now Soto/JD/Judge with Eloy, Mercado, Senzel, and soon enough Biggio as my util
Best 3 of 5!
There is no scientific proof that CBD cures cancer. Your agenda is sentencing that child to death.
&gt;Amanda Fritz was the dissenting vote, citing an adverse effect on affordable housing. You know you fucked up bad when Fritz won't throw her weight behind something like this
Touché
Are there that many shadowbanned people commenting on this or is Reddit being screwy?
Now remake Twisted Metal 2 with updated graphics and online play!
It's not uncommon to get hot flashes every 5-6 days
A quick Google search says it Kuwait for 2019 and UAE for 2018
Leukemia is generally caused by "immortal cells" fucking shit up in the rest of the mitochondria
Hopefully with all the "time off" there won't be any innings limits ROS
Don't put yourself in the position to become addicted? No one's forcing you to take opioids
You don't get locked into a hyperbaric chamber when you get leukemia. There are actually a lot of non-chemotherapy related treatments that are available for it
Well considering the news broke a few weeks ago about a blood condition and he was spending more time with his kids...
T2 was good in the sense that it was great to see the characters again, but I wish it stayed remotely close to the source material
No
And it seems like this year it's accurate half of the time if you're lucky
Mikolas is trash
Now that Judge is only playing 4 games this week, should I slot in Puig or Biggio over him?
Can't use Belli at 1B?
Mercado or Bryan Reynolds?
Nope. Other guys are Puig, Chavis, Bradley, Biggio
You mean lesbian aliens in the Toejam and Earl remake didn't change your mind?
You should tell that trade offer as a bit at an open mic for standup
Need to stream a RP until Kimbrel is back. Who should I use this week? Doolittle 3 at MIA, 3 at DET (with 2 start Scherzer) or Neris 4 vs NYM and 3 at MIA? Really trying to win this week so I can move into a playoff spot at the half and try to undo an entire half season of bad luck
A
Finish the first half strong!
[People who drafted/stashed Vlad](https://i.gifer.com/18Ud.gif)
The guy being released will cause more suffering than him being locked away for good
Says the sport where only the last 2 minutes are worth watching lol
&gt;If people complain that there's too much "dead time" they shouldn't enjoy someone casually ~~dribbling up the court after a basket~~ flinging themselves down on the ground after getting sneezed on and "fouled" by the other team. FTFY
Glad I bought the entire series when Target had it on sale for $20
Glad I have a good lead over my opponent considering my only healthy pitchers are Buehler and Berrios. Soroka might not go this week
NBC killing the goose
They represent maybe 10% less voters than Democrats do
[My reaction after trying to platinum relic the first track](https://giphy.com/gifs/mrw-oc-asks-wYyTHMm50f4Dm)
Yet they won't delete it like they did r/WatchPeopleDie which was nowhere near the same level of vitriol
&gt;Injury Results of the MRI on Giancarlo Stanton’s right knee were "good," with no new injury being revealed, according to #Yankees manager Aaron Boone "Still see a shit load of the old injuries though!"
Almost like it's 1967 all over again
My dog is going insane
Franmil hitting .247 with 22 bombs. NL Khris Davis confirmed
Can't believe this was being exploited last night by the candidates. It seems like the party still hasn't learned anything from 2016. Does not surprise me at all why someone like Trump was able to get elected in the first place. We've gone from discourse and policy debates to "orange man bad!" and "everything is racist!"
I'm starting to get worried that this sub is slowly turning into r/fantasyfootball with the meathead reactions and shitty advice.
Get some crab fries!
Bench is full of guys I probably can't let go for him: Denzel, Mercado, Biggio, Puig, Gurriel Jr, Franmil
Only drop Biggo, or only one not to drop? lol
Just cousins of players
No
Romy and Michelle?
You can take that player that hits the first song and shove it up your butt!
Attn everyone that asks for advice and delete your posts because you're worried someone in your league will see it: you can still see deleted posts with a simple Google search.
Had no problem with Sewer Speedway. You can get into it by just jumping into the gap head on and it'll give you enough boost to fly in. I've come within a few seconds of platinum for the pyramid but that fucking plant under the bridge by the 2 box gets me half of the time and I have to start over
Until people saw her thumbs
We're reaching peak off-season bois
There are foundlings being trained. She is not the last one.
I like how you can walk into Fred Meyer and shop lift in front of security without them doing anything, but lord forbid they suspect you didn't pay 5 cents for a fucking bag and stop you on your way out
Hard to get rid of the clap
It's pretty stupid that people at Fred Meyer will let people come in and openly shoplift and leave, but if they think you didn't pay 5 cents for a bag, you'll be stopped and questioned. Just more nickle and diming from the state of Oregon
Didn't see any protesting when we had Gaddafi sodomized by a bayonet
[America's team right now](https://giphy.com/gifs/good-sfw-rules-D1xYPPbnD9uJq)
My weather channel app is saying to expect 1-3 inches and 2-6 inches Tuesday through thursday
I already reached mine a couple of years ago after getting assaulted by tweakers multiple times
And per the article, MLB officials were in those rooms the entirety of the playoffs
I used it to replace parts of the article I quoted because it's against the sub's rules
Forgot to mention the part where this was not done during the playoffs, but still not a good look
You obviously didn't read the article. Sounds like you guys are up next.
Disgusting
So unbelievably out of touch with reality
It's not the 2010's anymore
Are they going to raise eyebrows on all of the other teams shelling them all year?
Ouch
My F5 season changed from refreshing pages for baseball news to waiting on Frankie to tell me if I need kale
I always thought it was funny how this stadium is this giant metropolis in every year of The Show
Your uniforms are my favorite piece of MLB trivia. Did you know that the White Sox are the only team to wear an all white uniform? It's true! The only reason the uniforms appear to be black are because they live in the Cubs' shadow!
And people wonder why they're putting a shitload of boulders next to the freeways...
Letting them get hit by vehicles and dying while they try to cross 3-4 lanes of express lane traffic is definitely a much better solution than making them not camp on ODOT property. Sound logic there. You should run for city council if you already aren't.
People try to say their favorite baseball movie is The Sandlot, or Field of Dreams, or Rookie of the Year. Mine is Major League. Why? It is the most accurate baseball film of all time. It accurately portrays the hardships of making the cut at spring training, the hardships of dealing with the grind of travelling for games, etc. The most accurate part of the movie though? Nothing happening for the Indians after they win a pennant.
[Iran when anyone brings up Flight 655 from now on](https://imgur.com/NScxQkU.jpg)
They should try to appeal it. If they are too lazy or won't do it get a copy of the medical records and have them send you the paper work to appeal it yourself. Usually when insurance denies things they'll give you a specific reason. If the documents argue against their reasoning they're supposed to uphold the appeal. They should also be able to provide you for a list of criteria that must be met for the procedure to be covered.
So THAT'S what's going on during Springer's at bats!
There's going to be a huge strike isn't there
Careful OP, the DEA will raid your home and turn your stash into garnish
Also make sure you dress warm. I've had a couple of drivers stop because they didn't feel comfortable driving and kick everyone off the bus
That's a Hefty difference
Forget the World Series. I just want to see a Dodgers-Giants NLCS
I'm sure this campaign will stop all the violence
Jacoby Ellsbury played for the Yankees once
You do realize the NFL has had the highest ratings ever, that football games are the highest rated programs for networks, and that there'll be record breaking deals once the contracts are up in 2021/2022
Apparently the criteria is to hop on a car like Blanka during a bonus round
They're used on stolen cars
LOOKS LIKE FRANKIE IS GOING TO BE WRONG ON THIS ONE. I AM DISAPPOINTED
Campaign contributions does not equal bribery
This is ridiculous. Why aren't any players punished with fines or minor suspensions? This is the MLB telling players that they aren't responsible for cheating for competitive advantage as long as coaches tell you to do it.
The players on that team are more dirty that I originally thought
He doesn't like that a team that screwed others out of playoff chances/a world series victory, who also ruined pitchers' careers by shelling them was exposed by someone with a conscience?
Cora should be outright released if guilty, but what we did is nowhere near as bad as what the Astros did
[AJ Hinch not doing anything](https://giphy.com/gifs/5eFp76zhsq3uw)
Mystery number of years still in the mix
His watch has ended
Philadelphia fans don't throw garbage cans on their field because they think their teams are trash if they aren't decimating opponents
Verlander looks like a massive douche over the past couple of years for his hypocrisy but he'll get in
Not if you write an apology letter to be buried with the victim
They won't give up Mookie. That would end up being like a baseball version of a reverse Herchel Walker trade. There's no way the return meets or exceeds what's given up.
Just 9 years older than Drake who's doing the same thing but with younger girls.
I see someone listened to the Baseball Tonight podcast
1B/3B/DH rotation
C: Realmuto 1B: Big Meat Pete 2B: Baez 3B: Nolan SS: Xander LF: Soto CF: Trout RF: Mookie DH: Cruz P: Sale, Kershaw, Scherzer, deGrom, Berrios
Boo non-stop for every AB, cheer for every strike/out
You should hire him. He never failed to meet our expectations
I've been looking forward to his book since I knew he was a dead man walking. I doubt he's going to get another chance in the MLB so I'm sure publishers are offering lucrative book deals.
Followed by players coming forward and saying he was trying to establish the same system in the Mets clubhouse
We're fucked
Good. Shit was the most distracting thing ever. It also didn't stop people from standing in the middle of the road to see if the bus was coming.
She's a fucking clown
Excellent
He should give it to Cooperstown for a future exhibit about the scandal
I thought I saw your post in r/personalfinance about how easy it is to fully fund multiple retirement accounts in one year
So many teams caught up in their orbit
MLB gonna pull a Ray Rice and come back and suspend players after more evidence comes out after the decision was made
Management either really didn't know or it's hush money
I mean, firefighters' creed is "so others may live"
But we won by using the Navajo to make sure they couldn't steal our signs....
She sucks and should be replaced. Can't wait for the blaming it on toxic masculinity afterwards.
"There should be proof of the Yankees cheating .....here. But there isnt"
"Jason we need you to develop plays we can use against the Cowboys players who are now being utilized to their full potential?" ".....I don't know what that means"
And still missed the playoffs. The team did not live up to their potential
OP absolutely slams The Oregonian
Do they have to pay the $1000 permit to get the tree cut down, pay for it to get cut down, then pay to plant another tree on the property?
Manager got fired for allowing it
Are you fucking serious lmao
Angels
Magic legumes
"Well, the plane that was shot down was a commercial airliner" "That's something that could've been brought to my attention YESTERDAY!"
Would've been a much more entertaining game if Seattle got their shit together and beat GB last week
49ers going to put up 49
[If that doesn't pan out they can always get this guy]( https://imgur.com/3bgnj1i.jpg)
Fuck Manny Machado. Sorry Padres fans, but I hope you win a series with Tatis after unloading him and his salary on someone else.
[Yeah okay](https://giphy.com/gifs/michael-keaton-jerk-off-multiplicity-TlK63ERYSGQsdqG04uc)
Would be funny if the whole thing ends up developing a rival professional level league
Everyone who voted for Jeter only deserve to lose their voting rights
So nobody else on the ballot was worth submitting a vote for?
Mr. Bingewatch on Couch
Durant like situation is impossible for baseball. Maybe a LeBron to heat thing where 3 superstars hitting FA conspire to sign with the same team for reduced salaries.
We have homeless people literally come here from across the country because they know they can do anything they want without fear of prosecution because of progressive viewpoints. They literally have to attempt murder to get the police involved.
The pitchers randomly losing all semblance of control regardless of using analog or buttons pissed me off. I would have 99 SPs like Cole, Kershaw, Ryan etc. deal for 1-2 innings then would pitch like their families were murdered in the previous half inning.
Cool
Mr. Bond Countermanded
The pederast at least might have learned from his mistakes the first time around. Chloe keeps doubling down on the ones she currently makes.
I think Wentz barely remembers it too
https://youtu.be/ujwm8YrEgI4
Goliath was large with brittle bones and needed canes. He was used for pure intimidation. David basically brained a brittle man suffering from acromegaly.
Sounds like a guy who just got a streak of bad luck. Judge'll let him back on the street and sentence him to 20 minutes of community service
Dolis Dolis bills y'all
&gt;The teen, from Massachusetts, had been in the city only a couple of weeks for the start of his first year of college when he joined a Reed College group to protest climate change and ended up with others outside the immigration enforcement building, said his defense lawyer, Lisa Maxfield. Don't drink the Kool Aid, kids
"Hey Paul Walker, click it or ticket!"
&gt;Miami-Dade’s $4 million cash subsidy of the Super Bowl has been public for months, and was approved by county commissioners in a string of budget votes that began in 2017.
Can we have a ballot banning Twitter accounts? If they get more than 75% of the vote they gone?
You are going to lose a once in a lifetime player because your previous GM's spending habits were the baseball equivalent of falling in love with a stripper
Yeah we should keep areas as total shitholes
My backlog is getting too big
Great, so he's going to refer to this when he's wrong about everything else for the rest of the year
Then I won't be okay with it lol The odds of this turning into the MLB's version of the Herschel Walker trade are slim to none. If we trade Mookie he's not coming back.
Your team dropped "Devil" from your name at the request of Satan because even he can't help you win a World Series
For the Knicks it does. I think eclipses happen more often.
Someone who challenges an incumbent city council member
He'll get the guilty for murdering Best but I think the prosecutors should've went for manslaughter and attempted manslaughter on the other two after the testimony over the past 3 days.
Shit I'm late. I thought this was supposed to start 15 minutes from now.
Holy shit it went up to $7 billion. Wasn't it just listed as $4 billion recently?
You have to stop him by using the exact opposite methods he used to gain his powers
Should've been let go after the Astros scandal
I still feel like luxury taxes should reset in a year with 0 revenue
Create a commission to review claims faster and disperse payment faster, force work on updating systems, identifying key failures in the unemployment system and rectifying them, etc.
Shit in your hands and throw it at the riot shields
Can't believe she abducted that 21 year old woman
Restore licenses
I doubt her massive ego would survive a megaquake too
Who are you going to sign after WWIII starts near the end of 2020?
&gt;These statues stand as a visual reminder that three races contributed to the success of the Lewis and Clark expedition -- symbolic of the first integrated society in Oregon country a plaque on the monument reads. r/nottheonion
What would you like on your tombstone
Verlander is a hypocritcal douche and lost all my respect when he spoke out against DV but didn't care when Osuna was signed. I think they should definitely get beaned a few times. If there's a shortened season I anticipate some players beaning them to get suspended so they can go home to their families and quarantine again. But with how Manfred has handled that, and the negotiations this off-season, I'm worried that there won't be a new CBA in place any time soon and there's going to be another strike. I thought the NFL wanting weed legal, a neutral arbitrator, etc. would be impossible but they got it done. The differences between what owners and players want in baseball seems insurmountable
What about the black men he tried to kill in the street?
These people don't care about George Floyd or the protests. They care about trying to look as cool as other cities. They didn't try to burn down the Justice Center until the precinct went up in Minneapolis. They didn't pull statues until everyone else already did. Now they're copying Seattle because they're unoriginal and naming their zone after a black man who was killed by police while he was trying to kill other black men. These are just edgy, angsty white people who had strict or shitty parents growing up and are directing their angst at a system that doesn't care about them let alone acknowledges that they exist.
Oh yeah? Well they haven't won any games in 2020
[OP trying to not feel dirty](https://makeagif.com/amp/6GPscN)
2019
All Fred Meyer stores do this
OHA knew this for a month and didn't say anything but now can't hide the numbers. And we're still opening everything up.
If their erections last longer than four hours they should either call a doctor or slam their penis on a trash can
I think the Jets should just take a first rounder for him before nobody wants to sign with them/get drafted by them
Shit, there were kids in the 90s that did that. Hence my flair.
Are they going to put nipples on his coffin
We'll have to wait and see what they say tomorrow, but if we recorded the highest number over the weekend then the numbers from today will probably be greater.
Pssh. They think people can afford to live and shop after everything going on.
I get that people are racist and profile anyone that isn't white in a mask, but the fix isn't telling BIPOC to not wear masks. That's just going to get their communities ravaged even worse. They should out and shame people/businesses for being racist, not encourage behavior that will spread COVID
The entire movie is to try to stop villain from becoming all powerful. Can't stop or defeat villain the entire movie. Villain becomes all powerful. All of a sudden the heroes can defeat the villain despite the power boost.
You mean Super Baseball 2020?
So it'll take them half a year to pay out unemployment to everyone?
They had the cojones to enforce an order that goes into effect today since April?
Them doing it the entire time is not the same as the governor masking masks mandatory and stores like FM specifically saying they won't enforce that order
I still think it's very misguided and not addressing the real issue. It also overlooks that the biggest group to suffer from COVID have been POC
That pesky 8th amendment disagrees with you
Empty gesture. They're already always running 8 minutes and 46 seconds late. Just trying to capitalize on what's been going on
Landlord unlocks door, police enter. Doesn't take that long.
Well, I guess getting jailed will solve your new homelessness problem
I think that's what a lot of people have problems with. They have LGBTQ+ characters that are unnatural and forced just to have "representation." These characters do not seem natural or organic at all and are there just to check off a representation box. The characters in TLOU2 are characters who happen to be LGBTQ+. They come across as natural because they're well thought out and well written. They're not there to fill a quota. It's one thing I always found humour about GLAAD complaining about there not being enough representation. Who cares what percentage of characters are LGBTQ+ if they're stereotypes and only serve to make people think negatively?
BuT iT's JuSt YoUnG pEoPlE tHeY'lL bE fInE!
About that....
For $1200-1400 a month the only thing you're buying anywhere close to the city is a trailer or a 300 sqft apartment turned into a "condo"
They have the signs up so it's all cool now, right?
Our hospitals will be filling up over the next few days
I don't think they would've had a problem with it if the original footage was linked and not Andy Ngo being eBaum 2.0
&gt;Or at least move back so our black familiar can have their homes back? If we let familiars return then we'll have vampires back again
She's going to let it expire because then furloughed and laid off people won't get paid unemployment since they'll be expected to look for jobs that aren't there
Third most after today's press release
There's no "if" and she knows this. She waffles too much.
We're moving forward with our draft and I have no fucking clue what I'm supposed to do for a shortened season
Wonder what'll pay out first: all the UE claims or 2021's kicker
He knows English but he can't not speak it well like we do
BEEN RESORTING TO DRIVING AROUND AS AN ACTIVITY TO GET OUT OF THE HOUSE. EVERYWHERE WAS PACKED THIS WEEKEND. SHITLOADS OF PEOPLE CRAMMED TOGETHER BECAUSE THEY JUST HAVE TO GO TO BARS. I FEEL BAD BECAUSE PART OF ME WANTS THEM TO GET COVID BECAUSE OF THEIR STUPIDITY BUT THE INNOCENT PEOPLE THEY INTERACT WITH DON'T DESERVE THAT. THE WHOLE THING COULD'VE BEEN PREVENTED IF THAT ORANGE IGNORAMUS SAID "PUT ON A MASK AND WASH YOUR HANDS." NOW EPIDIMIOLOGY IS A BIPARTISAN ISSUE.
There's an almost zero chance the SOE doesn't get extended. The question is whether or not Brown announces it in advance far enough for people to not take wasteful actions
Did you leave your collection of laptops and fabrege eggs in your backseat while you only ran upstairs for 5 minutes?
I hope he has another season of his show. There is so much material to work with right now. Bill Gates Illuminati types, NWO believers, Q followers, Mask Karen's, etc.
He was drunk, and trying to break up a fight with an unsecured gun on his person.
Thomas Jefferson banned the importing of slaves to America. But people tearing down statues don't seem to recall having ever learned that.
“I am not, nor ever have been, in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races … I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of Negroes, nor of qualifying them to hold office, nor to intermarry with white people; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races from living together on terms of social and political equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so live, while they do remain together there must be a position of superior and inferior, and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race.” -Abraham Lincoln
