Spain is in the Eurozone. Like many Eurozone nations (Greece &amp; Italy for example) they are in extreme economic hardship which could have been mitigated if they could have manipulated their own economies and currency. Unemployment in these nations is a ticking time bomb placing strain on the Eurozone, at some point these economies could require bailing out - like Greece. Which will come at great expense to the Eurozone but inevitably the EU at large.
true, my point stands.
&gt; We are tiny compared to the EU China and the USA though. But large compared to Austraillia, Canada, New Zealand, South Korea... &gt; Being the 5th largest economy doesn't mean that much Of course it does. It means we the 5th biggest country in the world to do business with. That's not small fry.
I am sorry I didn't read your entire back catalogue of comments before responding to your comment. When you say something like 'Schrödinger's Brexit' you are making it sound like Brexiters as individuals are conflicted - which is rarely the case.
&gt; And yet, you felt compelled to develop a fully formed picture of my worldview based on your wrong reading of my comment Now I read your comment just fine, it's completely unrealistic to expect somebody to trapes through your history.
What are you suggesting is going to happen to the other sixty-five million nine hundred forty-three thousand eight hundred twenty-nine people?
&gt; Can I contact other MPs? &gt; You should always contact your local MP first to raise an issue at Parliament. However, if your campaign is of general or national importance, you could also contact other MPs who may be interested in supporting you https://www.parliament.uk/get-involved/contact-your-mp/#jump-link-7 So yes you can, but if you want your MP to address something in Parliament you should try your local MP first - which is reasonable.
First cartoon I've seen in a long while that probably unites everyone and is rather truthful.
&gt; Attempting to oppress people with prison just cause they're turning against Brexit is precisely what fascism is about. Not at all, that user (not that I agree with them) said that it should be unconstitutional to give away powers to a foreign body without a super majority *and* that there should be a punishment to do so of 25 years. I don't agree with their policy but it's hardly fascist. They're not crushing dissent at all. It'd be no different than saying that its unconstitutional for a politician in the USA to take away people free speech and in doing so incurs a punishment - that isn't fascist. &gt; I know what fascism means and I know Alt-Right 4chan /pol/ Grumptun would love for that to become a reality. I don't know about those groups or people; but I do know if you actually read the content on that post then it's not actually fascism and I have seen a continue and repeated push to redefine a lot of ideas as fascist. I've seen people like Mogg or Farage described as Fascist. Calling something fascist is very dangerous - the 20th century proved that Fascism is a flawed and horrible ideology - and generally we are able to dismiss those who espouse ideas that fascist because it's been tied and it's ended horribly. By labelling other ideas that are not fascist (even if wrong by your own standards) as fascist is a cop out for address the issues and forming a counter argument. It's sloppy.
&gt; I don't disagree with what you mention, but "No Deal" has never been an option. No-deal is the default. Do you not remember "No deal is better than a bad deal". Well guess what we have now - a bad fucking deal and parliament is going to make that well known unless something is altered in the next few weeks (whilst Parliament is on Holiday???) MPs voted to enact a50 with the end date set for the end of March.
no sure if you are being serious. Very few bankers have actually gone, far fewer than project fear suggested.
hopefully no-deal ;)
https://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/ The primary reason people voted to leave is because they want laws that affect Britain to be made in Britain. The Irish backstop is wholly incompatible with that. If we wound up in the backstop NI would be trapped in the Customs union without: 1. Any say in the laws that govern it 2. Being able to unilaterally leave the backstop. The Irish even came out yesterday saying that a No-deal wouldn't mean a hard border anyway.
I trust polls, you just need to know what you can and can not reasonably extrapolate from them. It is unreasonably to say a poll that shows Remain or Leave is ahead means that they'd win or loose a referendum. But if all the polls are moving in a certain direction compared to the same result by the same poll it is safe to say that there is some shift in public opinion. You also need to know the context of the poll and how people treat polls. People use polls to voice discontent. If a Tory is unhappy with a particular Tory PM they may answer to a pollster that they'd vote labour - but when push comes to shove will they? Not always. If somebody asks you what were the reasons you voted X - then I fail to see the incentive to lie - what's more is the ashcroft poling isn't even binary - it's ranked. All groups who voted leave returned the same primary reasons to vote leave.
Who said it was?
The fraud wasn't unique ot leave.
What do the poor want to chase down dogs but aren't allowed to? I bet the police wouldn't turn up to a boxing day Hare Coursing or cock fight either.
citation needed.
Bollocks, Tories need keep the pipeline full of Home owning savers. They might not vote Tory now but once they have kids and grandkids then their outlook changes. Better educated means more money, more money means home owning, home owning means saving. The Tories don't benefit from an under class.
&gt; most are crap Are they? Citation needed. &gt; at the expense of the shareholders/owners who are taking huge chunks of the money that should be spent on the schools themselves If that was the case then surely the results those schools attain should reflect that. Citation yet to be provided that that is the case. I am sure a Tory would argue that the Free Schools &amp; Academies are an answer to the weak state schools and provide a better education for those who can't afford Private education.
How can they possibly be stupid if they are studying humanities at uni?
Nope, I've been well informed by this sub that the UK economy isn't worth a nat farts to the Germans.
&gt; Goddamn it's delicious though. Exactly. There is a time and a place for a high quality pizza with really good ingredients and probably quite healthy for you. But there is also a time and a place for a greasy American style pizza too.
And this, ladies and gentlemen, is why I strongly oppose the sugar tax. As soon a you cede the argument on item you can't possibly counter the argument on anything that is deemed unhealthy. And what's going to be the result? Bland boring food served in disappointing small portion sizes - eating out will cost more too because you'll end up buying extra sides to make it feel more like a proper meal and probably have a start and/or dessert when you might have only had one or none. Absolute dross and we have ourselves to blame for letting the nanny state in.
Okay, so you are totally the right person to comment given you don't travel. So if you don't live in England which freeloading part of the isle are you from?
&gt; Cameron said can be discarded as irrelevant due to his standing as the biggest piece of Tory shit this country had produced this centuary Cameron was factually correct though. People might lampoon Thatcher, but nobody is suggesting we unroll the changes that were made. Nobody wants to see a bigger working class, nobody wants to see people returning to manual labour like mining.
&gt; I think if you rang the police now and told them there was a cock fight happening in a pub down a council estate in Bolton, they’d be round there like a fucking shot I doubt it. I've rung the police when I was involved in a hit and run and quite badly injured. They asked if the road was blocked, and as it wasn't they gave me a crime reference number and sent me on my way. They wouldn't give two shits about a cock fight.
Not sure if your are serious. Try reading the comments here: https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/a3foac/germanys_lack_of_interest_in_brexit_is/
&gt; But making too good a deal for the UK would endanger the single market which is far larger and more important for the German industry No it wouldn't. The sort of trade deal we want is something like CETA, if possible with some inclusion of financial services - but it's starting to look as though nobody is going to place that many barriers on the UK anyway with the likes of MiFID II and mutual recognition. Don't forget CETA is what the EU offered us, we're not asking of them anything unreasonable - it's distressing to think that we didn't just take this approach from day one giving our businesses potentially 4 years to prepare. Now it looks like we'll have a WTO-arrangement, which I don't think will be that bad but is hardly optimal.
Low paying jobs have always existed, they've just pivoted from being physically demanding to mentally boring. The gig economy has always existed to - just before it was the cash in hand black market. I think the Tory mindset is that these jobs might not be great - but being in work is better than being out of it. The Alternative is not 'a good job' but 'no job'. And with that I largely agree.
ok whatever mate. If you believe that the police shouldn't attend a hit and run but should be blaring the blues and twos for a cock fight then we are not going to agree. enjoy your boxing day.
God lord, how is this comment upvoted. If you don't know the primary reasons people voted to leave by now then I certainly won't be wasting my time trying to help you understand.
You never will see a good reason with your eyes shut.
Do they *actually* want to close the door - or do you mean that they just want controlled immigration - like we have with the rest of the world.
Prediction not your wet dream
&gt; Automatic jail time for anyone who attends or is associated with a hunt that breaches the law. Guilt by association is an appalling precedent. People (none huntmen) attend the hunts because that's what they've always done and they probably have a good time doing so. If a hunter gets carried away and their dogs end up killing a fox you can't hold everybody involved accountable. Where do you draw the line? The farrier who fits the horse shoes? The pub landlord whose premises they started from?
oh is that all he did. I'll change my view then. /s
In what way are we obligated to pay that money? We are only obligated if the May's deal is accepted.
&gt; Well the first referendum combined two mutually exclusive options Bollocks. I voted to leave, I would *like* a CETA type deal - but I'd take no-deal over remaining any day of the week. Even if that just to show that the Government can't just do a shit job of implementing something the British people have asked for and then go back and say 'are you sure you want it?'.
&gt; Therefore, we can ignore it entirely whilst still being 100% democratic. No. There was an act of Parliament to enact the mandate of the referendum. That was binding even if the referendum itself wasn't. An act of parliament *is law*.
Such a fringe political movement that this is the second referendum that we've had on leaving it? What's more is since that first referendum we've had 2 treaty changes that *should* have been put to the people but weren't.
&gt; Parliament has said WTO is utterly unacceptable and will not happen Who is 'Parliament'. Plenty of member of parliament do not agree with that sentiment AND there has been no act of parliament supporting that claim. &gt; If you genuinely believe your choice won the vote, then prove it. My choice was to leave. We should leave - whether that's May's deal or WTO or ideally a revised deal. What didn't win the vote was remain.
&gt; I think an election might be more likely - "back my deal or get Corbyn". Corbyn has said he won't retard brexit, the EU have said that this is the only deal the UK is getting. Seems like same issue different face. &gt; I think it's a depressing reminder of the broken promises of the Leave campaign I don't want to stick up for the leave camp because I don't support the. But I don't see how they broke any promises - they weren't a political party and it wasn't an election. They had no power to implement what on the side of the bus. &gt; I'm highly sceptical of Leavers who say Brexit won't have a negative effect on our economy. Baffling! I don't blame you, I would believe anybody on the economy, nobody can predict and if they could they sure as hell wouldn't be the game of advising us - they'd be in industry make mega-money. &gt; Would it be that easy? CETA is the sort of deal that the EU offered us at the start! We should have grabbed it with both hands. &gt; Perhaps the EU would want their £39 billion before beginning to talk trade? More spiting ones own face. &gt; Or for us to sign up to a NI backstop? This would be a non-issue. The NI backstop is to keep peace on Ireland - if we leave with no deal there'll be a period of time whilst there is one of: 1. A hardborder AND peace. 2. No hard border and it turns out nobody cares (the Irish made this seem like a possibility last week). 3.A hardboard AND conflict - in which case entering a new back stop would be a good idea. My money is on 2.
Well you really answered my question there.
They don't speak for me, I don't speak for them. Regardless - it doesn't alter the definition of 'sovereignty' does it?
So the definition of 'sovereignty' has not been altered then?
haha that's hilarious - lipstick on a pig &amp; a turd rolled in glitter both come to mind. However you dress it up - it's still a bus body slapped onto a goods-wagon chassis.
1. Brits are Europeans and always will be. 2. I am not surprised. MEPs have very little power. Our MEPs are overwhelming Eurosceptic but has the needle shifted in the EU policy one iota? No. 3. It's in the EU's interested to keep the population disengaged in the EU's political process: &gt; Europe’s nations should be guided towards the superstate without their people understanding what is happening. This can be accomplished by successive steps, each disguised as having an economic purpose, but which will eventually and irreversibly lead to federation. Monnet.
When all main parties have been staunchly pro-EU since 1992 (Major) and have all decided to freeze the public out of any say on Europe (Major-Maastrict, Blair-Lisbon) - then to me that becomes an extraordinarily weak argument. As was confirmed in 2017 - we are not single issue votes.
I bet in 10 years once we've left we'll wonder what all the fuss was about as we continue to trade and travel around the world almost exactly the same as before. You'd of thought that the world was going to end if we didn't join the Eurozone a decade ago - but now you'd be hard struck to find anybody who cares let alone supports the notion.
Despite the Brexit stance I just can't agree with - it's a real shame about the SJW thing (other than Brexit) that'd really stop me from voting for them. I don't seem how somebody can call themselves a Liberal whilst at the same time discriminate against somebody because of their race and gender - just because that race and gender is White and Male.
Because I think the rail system would be more than 3% less efficient if it was run by the government. The Government is shit at just about everything it turns it hand too. Look no further than the Army spending 113million on website that was 4 years late, it's the same story over and over again - the Government just never get a good deal - they vastly overpay and they don't care because it's not their money.
Sorry I know full well what the role of MEPs are. I am advocating that the Commission is elected - NOT that the MEPs should be able to propose legislation themselves. &gt; eject or approve legislation created by the Commission. Precisely. &gt; So, no there won't be any example of an MEP creating legislation regardless of agreement or disagreement by the Commission. You may as well ask for examples of Fish riding bicycles. Which is my point. The aspect that we actually elect is nothing more than the civil service OR house or Lords. It's a total distraction from the real law makers. &gt; . You may as well ask for examples of Fish riding bicycles. No, you miss my point. I simply make the case that those who we elect *should* be able to propose legislation, but they can not. The solution is not to let MEPs propose legislation but to elect the commission.
&gt; The 125 hasn't been used by Southwestern for more than a decade. Ticket barriers have been in most places for a very long time, and guards generally don't do ticket inspections, they have other people for that. That's my point: &gt; The guards role exists for **antiquated** reasons but has been kept alive by the unions. . &gt; especially when you're going to face literally all the same challenges when it comes to automated train it is *because* we face the future of fully automated trains (and cars, and hgvs, and ships...) that we need to start winning these battles now. Otherwise the UK will find herself entirely unable to compete with nations that make smarter decisions.
&gt; So it's still elected to a degree. Double think. Sorry that's really not what elected means. &gt; If you have an issue with the commission you have an issue with the elected heads of government I do, yes. We don't vote for our Head of Governments based on their stance of the EU, we are not single issue voters and FPTP makes it extremely difficult to get a word in edge ways. For example, in parliament May has an official Opposition, Opposition Cabinet and even her own back benchers. As a member of Council she has no other scrutiny than the other Heads of Government who are benefiting from the same system. It's a con. Since 1992 the British Public have been Frozen out of the EU political process. Major denied us the referendum on Maastrict and Blair Denied us a referendum on Lisbon. All Major Political parties have been Staunchly pro-EU, there was no way of registering an anti-EU vote without voting for something like UKIP - but as I said - we are not single issues voters. Why not just let the European Peoples vote for the commission - what is the argument not to - how is appointment superior? The whole debate would be dead and buried if they did. Ultimately the reason is because they know that they'd get a fair number of Eurosceptics into the commission which doesn't suit their agenda or slowing pushing towards federalism.
&gt; The Government is great at managing natural monopolies and public services when it's actually given the funds to do so and not forced to run them like businesses. Something something HS2 something something 60% overspend. &gt; not forced to run them like businesses. God lord, I can't believe you use that as a negative. I wish more public services would be run like businesses. Most public services would go out of business if they had to compete against competent providers. &gt; If you think private companies don't waste ridiculous amounts of money on shitty websites you're just ignorant If they did to the tuned or 113million and 4 years late they go out of business. When a business fucks up, they pay; if the government fucks up, we pay. &gt; They do, it just isn't in the news because it's confidential business information when they do it. ermm, I have a job, I know what over runs cost I know what sort of overrun would see me out of a job or fired for incompetence and it's nothing like the costs see in the public sector.
&gt; There will never be a truck driving on our roads without a human onboard, never Ermm they exist already. We already have driverless convoys where just the lead vehicle has an operator (who oversees) and there is a fleet of say 10 HGVs with no drivers. It will happen. I work in an associated industry, I couldn't even guess how many people are working to make this a reality. &gt; but the pace and scale need to be managed very carefully I a global market the reward is going to go to the nation who does it first and is the more friendly to the technology. &gt; Our social and economic system has barely kept pace with the level of automation so far. The automation process is in full swing right now, but unemployment is at an all time low. Whilst disposable income (the only important metric really) is growing.
&gt; This system ensures that the EU actually represents the politics of those that won the election in their main countries. 1. We are not single issue voters 2. The people have been frozen out of the debate - there hasn't been a main political party we could have voted if we wanted to 3. Those heads of state have no scrutiny. In Westminsters you are scrutinised by the other MPs and opposition in the EU they are loose to do as they please. &gt; And find a way to get the uk populous involved with European politics. They don't want us to: &gt; Europe’s nations should be guided towards the superstate without their people understanding what is happening. This can be accomplished by successive steps, each disguised as having an economic purpose, but which will eventually and irreversibly lead to federation. -- Monnet
&gt; https://www.theguardian.com/business/2018/may/27/uk-farmers-strawberries-migrant-workers-crisis I won't lament the loss of a non-viable business. If land owners can't pay workers an attractive wage to do back breaking work then we don't need to grow strawberries here. We have very very good employment numbers right now - we don't need to do everything.
Sorry did you have an argument? ZHC make up a very small percentage of jobs in the Uk. Unemployment *is* extremely low. Automation increases the value of jobs by increasing productivity. What do you disagree with there?
&gt; Women’s underrepresentation in parliament, the gender pay gap No country is every going to reach "100" if this is their criteria. Men and Woman are different. Equality should be about ensuring that the same opportunities are available for both men and women to pursue. Equality should not be about ensuring the men and women pursue those opportunities in equal numbers. Women are never going to be as well represented in top teir jobs because *generally speaking* women *on average* are going to: 1. Pursue different careers that are human focussed 2. More likely to take time out to raise children - through choice.
&gt; And then of course you’d advocate for replacing their jobs with machines anyway. I mean yes, if a job can be done with a machine then sure why on earth not. I am not a luddite - are you? If we don't automate our work where possible then the likes of China, India, Brazil, Poland, USA, Mexico... ...are hardly going to wait around - they're going to capitalise on our inefficiency and undercut us. This isn't the problem you seem to think it is, we have record employment statists right now (of which ZHC make up a very small percentage), job are replaced with machines there are other jobs for people to go to.
I am not really sure this should be used as a stick to beat people with. The last MV was held in an extremely uncertain context. It was unclear at that time what would happen if it didn't pass. It started to look as a long extension was on the cards - an extension which would have probably meant the death of Brexit altogether. We were at the mercy of the EU as to how long the extension was going to be. "Luckily" they only gave us a short extension which puts the ball back into a hard-brexiteers court for the time being (easier to run down the clock without a VoNC).
&gt; Also while we're stripping jobs away from the plebs As I keep saying, our employment numbers are extremely good - more 'plebs' than ever have jobs. ...anyway, I get it, you are luddite. Don't you have some threshing machines to burn.
&gt; Brexit means funding is being cut off to researchers in the UK Funding which comes from the UK in the first place. It'd make sense if after we leave and he can't secure continued funding he leaves but we haven't even left yet. &gt; The EU's grants aren't made of some kind of angel dust - they're just money. Exactly, and the UK is one of very few net contributors to the EU. &gt; but the EU isn't the only place offering research grants Exactly, the UK will have research grants after we leave.
&gt; Would make a pleasant change from the Tory governments "lets arm israel with weapons to kill palestinians" and "lets arm saudi arabia to kill yemenis" t shirts Because this didn't happen under Blair? Or the Lib-Con coalition. Also your frame is daft - Israel has a right to protect itself and it might as well buy the equipment required to do that from us.
&gt; Yeah... no Trump is completely despised within Britain &amp; most people will actually think more of Corbyn for going to speak out against him at a mass demonstration. Let me guess, you are 20 something (or younger) and live in a big City? "Most people" will not think more of him for doing this whilst simultaneously seeing that Trump is a deeply flawed PoTUS.
&gt; Conservatives: 8.8% (Voters currently split 40:60 in favour of leave) &gt; Labour: 13.7% (Voters currently split 70:30 in favour of remain) Citation?
The Easy Deal was the time that the EU offered us CETA. That was an easy deal. May turned it down to pursue her own redlines in an attempt to please both sides of the debate.
&gt; like six loads. Oh. Okay. I am way off base then. &gt; is there a baffle or anything you can concoct with some sheet metal to channel some heat and smoke to the far end of the smoker? I'll try and get some more detailed photos for you, but the smoke goes into bottom of the cooking chamber which has a plate which defuses the smoke throughout the smoker (or at least is suppose to).
Got it. I'll try making a much larger fire. If it still doesn't go I'll get the grinder out and enlarge the vents.
okay, I was waiting for the temperature to get somewhere close to where I wanted them to be before burning wood. I think I am going to try it again with much more charcoal and then add wood too.
I think some even drive white vans. White! Can you believe it!
The fuck, all of these north of 25quid. Bring back Linda's Pantry.
I agree. I don't trust Hunt to deliver a no-deal. He'll make all the same mistakes as may and we'll have lost another 3 years.
I mean leaving with no-deal would tick the box. If he can do that then that's be leaving in a meaningful fashion.
&gt; Ann Widdecombe, that Victorian throwback, is anything else? That doesn't make somebody far right. You seem to have a definition of far right that goes something like "Disagrees with me". &gt; By the way, why do you think Farage was so unwilling to talk about his "old-school economic Tory" views in this most recent election campaign? Because his party is about leaving the EU and he didn't want to split the vote.
&gt; farther Left-leaning vs &gt; far-right Hmm wonder where your biases lie.
&gt; If they put a soft leave in, they'd probably rescue the country Depending on your definintion of rescue. Leavers, myself included, would not be happy with a soft brexit. Hell I can't imagine remainers being happy with any form of leaving either.
The clerks also told that to Bercow, but he'd didn't care much either.
&gt; No-deal is out of the question now What? How did you get to that conclusion, it's exactly because of: &gt; Tory leader that takes the country to another GE would have less Tory seats than TMay! That there isn't going to be an early election and why no-deal is more likely than ever.
&gt; I know. There's still haggling to be had to dissuade EM to exercise his. I agree completely. It's one of the reasons I've never been that convinced by the "UK always has a veto" argument for remaining. In practical reality - you don't. &gt; I still don't think requesting a extn after the new parliament sits is out of the qn though But that'd have to be done by the head of Government. I doubt the Queen is going to do it either if in case where we have no PM.
In an ideal world you are probably right. But consider the fact that BXP have come out of nowhere. In that time they've taken on staff to run the organisation. Handled millions in donations. Appointed MEP candidates all of which require vetting (from much larger lists). And now they will be vetting candidates for Westminsters. I am not sure at what point this internal reflection and snooping on members of staff who have got through the net is supposed to have happened. Also would you want to be a member of staff for a party who would then be sifting through your past history? Let's get this straight - this guy is staff, not an MP or MEP candidate.
Source? I've only heard about them vetting candidates. The TBP is going to have loads of volunteers.
&gt; Farage doesn't care about the Brexit party beyond the platform it gives him and he certainly doesn't give a damn about anyone in the UK. Oh please. I don't buy that for a second. Just because you disagree with somebody doesn't make them a bad actor. Farage would have been much better off if he'd stayed in Commodities. &gt; doubt he wants to be PM either and would appoint someone else to do the reputation destroying act of finalising a no-deal exit whilst he himself runs away again. So his motive is? &gt; This is the best she can do now and it makes sense for her to do it. Is totally disagree. &gt; I don't think BXP would win a GE by the way They got 32. If the Tory party make any even bigger farce of things then they'll loose even more votes and the Brexit Party will gain even more.
&gt; This is the beginning of the scam of Brexit Mate the scam was telling people the government would enact what they vote for in 2016 and then telling them after they voted to leave that we'd leave with or without a deal (No deal is better than a bad deal) on the 29th of March. That's the scam.
For absolute freedom of speech, not freedom of social consequences. Nobody is suggesting she should be arrested, but she should be mocked.
There is nothing 'liberal' about shutting down someones speech or racism. I think modern-progressive is probably the most apt term. But realistically that is an extension of 'left' ideology - the point is that there is an Oppressed and Oppressor.
Thanks.
&gt; Expect the Brexit Party to win and then go on to win a General Election if a Brexit that involves leaving the CU, SM, ECJ and ending free movement is not delivered Certainly reflects the way I am going to vote. If we've left by the criteria you've laid out I'll vote whoever I deem the most competent - maybe even the libdems (unless they want to bring us back in) - but if we're still in, or half in then TBP it is.
&gt; Thats a polite way of putting a speech where she called trans women universally "men in dresses" Not very respectful but you shouldn't have the right to not be offended. &gt; and calls the movement advocating for their rights as "the trans Taliban" Ermm, they're kind of making her point for her, aren't they?
To be fair this is the current trend: 1. 2016 referendum - still no left - they didn't know what they were voting for. 2. 2017 general election - Jeremy Corbyn is the victor even though May won 3. 2019 Euro election - BXP win but not if you add all the other parties together.
&gt; Every analyst and economists have condemned No Deal as being economical suicide Except the treasury who have said that no-deal will be "lower growth". That's still growth. I personally don't define Growth as economic suicide. &gt; Even if she wanted No Deal she isn’t a dictator, she can’t force through anything she wants undemocratically. Spot on, Parliament has already voted to leave Deal **or not deal**. The legal date we leave right now is the end of Oct. If parliament absolutely didn't want to leave with no deal then they shouldn't have enacted a50.
&gt; But if they voted against No Deal then its undemocratic to force through a policy that the public hasn’t voted on and that parliament has consistently voted against. Unfortunately that doesn't carry any legal weight. Also by the logic we can't do anything at all, because parliament has literally voted against everything.
In addition they have also lumped together all remain options into a single bucket and split leave up into several different options. If the survey instead asked whether remainers wanted to: * Preserve the status quo * Push for reform * Further integrate the UK into the EU * Stay in but with more distance (maybe EEA/EFTA) you'd obviously get strata inside of that option which could then be use to make the counter claim. It's bogus.
&gt; Leave campaigned for a deal wrong. Leave said that a deal would be possible - and it would have been - and in fact is. We have a deal and parliament has held it up. Additionally the EU initially suggested that we took CETA which would have got through parliament and May turned it down to pursue her own red lines. A deal was very possible, May fucked it all up. &gt; I'm not suggesting we extend indefinitely, It feels like we've extended quite enough. Parliament isnt going to budge and the EU say they won't budge either - what is an extension possible going to achieve. &gt; I'm saying a referendum is democratic solution left to us We had one. We voted to leave. We were told that they'd implement the result of the vote - remain or leave. MPs enacted a50 into law meaning we'd leave with or without a deal at the end of march. &gt; There is deadlock in parliament How does us telling them what they already know fix the deadlock? They will still claim that a no-deal will be too harmful therefore can't happen and they will still not be able to agree on a deal that is both a meaningful brexit and can pass through parliament. You're just hoping that we change our mind. It's a nonsense. &gt; so put the options to the people have them choose and lets finally end this limbo. This is exactly the problem with erroding people trust in democracy. I don't trust for one second that we'll be given the option for no-deal, or if we are that the ballot won't be split the leave vote, or that if we do vote for no-deal that they'll actually respect the outcome of the vote. We vote to leave, we haven't left. We elected pro-leave parties in 2017, we havne't left. We voted for the Brexit party in 2019 euros and according to Vince Cable BXP didn't win, they did, and according to May the overwhelming vote for BXP and LD meant that the country wants to compromise. It's lunacy.
lawyers
Might as well be, and regardless my actual point stands. One is present a wide array on 'Leave' options with a single bucket for all 'remain' options.
&gt; For starters I don't think the complications regarding Northern Ireland were properly realised or expressed prior to the negotiations Funny that. I think the complications are overblown. Can you cite me the exact page and line of the GFA which details the issues? &gt; , i.e. companies upping sticks and jobs being lost. Far fewer than predicted - especially in the city of london - and rest have other factors involved. And when you look at the big pictures our economy is still growing and our employment stats are improving. &gt; and that information is very unflattering to the winning side I just don't agree. Economy growing, employment numbers continuing to improve.
&gt; but if you take the DM or BB as a source then I'll just call you an utter hypocrite. I wouldn't. What even is BB? Brietbart?
&gt; I have been arguing that the Tories need to differentiate themselves from BXP and the only way to do that is to take a more moderate position on brexit than BXP Oh, no, that just won't work. You need to realise that people who would identify as a tory are overwhelming Eurosceptic. &gt; ~~When~~If a no-deal exit goes pear shaped being pedantic &gt; But why would anyone vote for a Tory that advocated for the very circumstances by then under contention? Because theyre just doing what we told them to in 2016. &gt; The Perhaps a LAB+LD coalition might be the only option given the current shower in Westminster that can steer clear of economic icebergs. My hope is we leave, deal or no deal, and have least one year post brexit for all the party to return from their lunacy. New leaders all round hopefully.
&gt; solutions for trade There should be, the EU offered us a CETA type deal. It was May who then start pursuing her own deal with her own redlines which could get through parliament. &gt; Irish border I am afraid I am in the camp of people who believe that the Irish border is blown out of proportion. The issue is that May accepted the EU subjective reading of the GFA before starting negotiation. If you actually read the damn thing you'll realise that there isn't a single sentence that says we could have checks on goods at the border. &gt; Meanwhile, a Brexit Party at the helm would have to manage everything, from healthcare to housing, from diplomacy to public education. I think most people see TBP as a stick with which to beat the Tories &amp; Labour with rather than a long term solution. But the stick doesn't carry any gravitas unless you are actually willing to make the vote. Like I said, I hope this is done and dusted before the next General Election
&gt; It doesn't directly, but it does mean that we'll likely lose the next GE whatever happens. Sure, I think the Tories loosing the next GE is *highly likely*. But from the Tories perspective: 1. Lose the next GE but wipe out TBP (because you have delivered what those voters want) 2. Lose the next GE and TBP remains a force in British politics.
Yet we'd have to take all of the rules on tariffs, standards and who and how we can trade with no say in making them. Anything but "taking back control". It ain't leaving.
&gt; Realistically, though, we'd be in much the same position as a third country on WTO terms. For the period that we are out of the EU and without a deal. Nobody expects us to stay in the situation. Once out we can then pursue a CETA type deal with the EU and an FTA with the USA. &gt; But even EEA — the weakest possible form of brexit — would still be brexit after a fashion. In that instance, BXP could only campaign to get out of that You do not understand how unpopular that would be. Let me put it another way. **If you imagine that politicians are salesmen. Do you think the best salesman in the Tory party is going to be more persuasive than Nigel Farage** - you're out of your mind. What you are suggesting, isn't that much different to May's deal, in fact her deal didn't guaranteed we'd be left in the CU - but that there was simply a chance we *might be*. And she, her deal &amp; the Tory party have been absolutely leathered in recent times because of it. &gt; it doesn't take much loss of support for BXP to lose that crucial edge Loss of a small amount of support will keep BXP out of power - I completely agree. But any sort of support ( &gt;~10%) for BXP is going to keep the Tories out power - and BXP won't go until the issue is addressed - properly. &gt; but you can't eat it Sure, but even in the worse case no-deal the treasury is still predicting that the UK's economy will GROW - just at a slower rate than if we'd remained. And that report is with the massive caveat that the UK's government doesn't do anything at all to mitigate the impact of a deal brexit, that we don't alter tax rates or change our regulations. You've bought into the fear mongering (used to push no-brexit &amp; may's deal) about no-deal. &gt; voters will vote based on what is currently hurting them. I imagine if you had the demographic information about BXP voters a very good many will be well off and disportionately retired or about to retire - certainly a big enought percentage to keep the tories out of power. And again, I think you are also grossly underestimating how pissed off people feel about this. People feel utterly betrayed. Last word on this: If this is your attitude and this attitude is indicative of the Tories then quite frankly I don't lament the loss of the party. You seem to totally ignore how important it is that what we vote for get enacted. If the Tories won't do it, then I don't mind see BXP rise in their place - it's not deal but I'd rather have democracy than autocrats.
Anybody who thinks that a soft-customs border like Norway-Sweden needs to find me the chapter and verse of the GFA which specifically forbids it.
I totally agree. It seems crazy that the stories about Gove have only just come out now by chance. Someones been sitting on those.
I agree, it seems to crazy to me that the stories about Gove have only just come out now. Someone must have been sitting on those.
is 3 mm considered thin? I thought thin would be like 1mm or less.
&gt; Bollocks is it, go visit the Irish border. There's a border but you can't see it I don't dispute that. But my point is that there are a wide spectrum of boards from nothing at all to a fully militarised border like it was when the GFA was written. People make it sounds as though a wto-brexit will lead to watch towers and amoured personal carriers on the boarder whereas I am saying that needed be the case for goods checks and lightweight checks do not contravene the GFA. &gt; security on the Irish border When the GFA was written 'security infrastructure' was referring to watchtowers and garrisons.
&gt; A soft border is where no checks are administered, a hard border is where there are checks Ok fine, using your terminology, I am happy with a hard border and I do not believe that it contravenes the GFA.
Labour will be pissed.
What you are actually saying is that by leaving the EU the GFA is basically worthless as it leaves far too much ambiguity. Right thanks, either amend it or exploit the ambiguity. Either way the rest of the UK should not be held to ransom by the threat of terrorism.
Ok, and what do you think MIG can 'easily' go up to? 1/4". I can't see myself welding anything thicker than that.
yeah, this is my concern, I don't think what you might consider a 'decent mig' is in my budget. I was under the impress a cheap arc welder would be better than a cheap mig - as it's basically just a power supply.
&gt; Fundamentally the problem we have here is an elected parliament charged A parliament who delegated the responsibility of making the decision to us, the people. MPs of all parties voted 6to1 to give us that vote. They made it clear in the tax payer funded pro-remain leaflet sent to every house hold in Britain that they'd enact what we decide. That's not debatable, that is a fact. https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/515068/why-the-government-believes-that-voting-to-remain-in-the-european-union-is-the-best-decision-for-the-uk.pdf &gt; charged with pushing something through that it thinks is a bad idea They took the gamble in an attempt to kill UKIP, they lost, and now they are throwing their dummy out of the pram. &gt; If we had PR then people could vote for a party to push through brexit, if that's what they wanted. &gt; That would be my preferred solution, rather than another referendum. Well that's probably true. But I think right now Parliament should start taking responsibility for their prior decisions and stay true to their word. IMO the 'cost' of undermining democracy is far far far higher than the treasuries worst case prediction for a WTO exit (ie slightly lower growth after 15 years). Regardless, you are already witnessing the fall out of erosion of trust in democracy, the reason people like me won't entertain another referendum is because I've lost all faith in the institutions. I don't trust we'll be given a 2nd ref in good faith - I simply don't trust the result will be enacted if WTO wins (especially if we are then being run by a pro 2nd ref party ffs!) but we all know full well that a vote for remain would slam the book shut for good.
&gt; Regardless, parliament did go through the steps of enacting it. except the part where they actually did the thing that was put into law. So they can go and swing for that. &gt; or would have done if the brexiteers had not blocked it. Oh please. By the time it was done May's deal was a total farce. May made it very clear, before a50 was enacted, after a50 was enacted, before the general election, after the general election: **No deal is better than a bad deal** And you know people said when she said that? "No shit - that's obvious - another May both platitude". Maybe that was another shitty gamble, but you that's the price you pay. Parliament decided, remainers and leaver, that her deal was shitty - time we left. What's more is that all MPs, of all parties, knew full well when they voted to enact a50 that-that meant leaving with or without a deal. They knew who was in parliament, they knew roughly who believed what. They took that chance. &gt; So if anyone has frustrated the referendum decision, it's the brexiteers in parliament. You mean the people who actually won the referendum but make up a minority in parliament should get no say in what the completion criteria is? Okay. The truth is you can spin the narrative however you like, but I've been saying it for a long time now - you (the system) can only get away with this manipulation for so long. The Turkey's are coming home to roost. BXP have displaced the Tories and the next PM is likely to have been Boris. May and the rest of the remainer's are probably going to regret having not back a CETA type deal from day one. You don't get to gamble with people and democracy without consequence.
Sure, but: 1. We'd have left. which is what we voted for. 2. We'd be negotiating a trade deal, not a withdrawal agreement. Because we'd already have withdrawn
The building almost certainly doesn't need sprinklers. High rises are designed so that fire are contained into individuals rooms and apartments. The failure with Grenfell is that the cladding undermined this design philosophy. Sprinklers just mean that the costs of clean up after an incident are FAR higher.
Exactly &gt; Important to note we aren't cladded. That would be a VERY different matter. The solution would be to ensure the cladding it's a fire risk or remove it - not installing sprinklers.
I hope so, I think that'd be the optimum play right now. Let's have a fire brand to take us out with no deal. A 1 term gig, then let's get some one more sensible in to follow.
I support lower taxes but also progressive taxation. I loosely support this. However I think a better idea would have been to introduce a new 80k take rate, and lower the 50k tax rate.
&gt; The amendment rejected by the EU in less than ten minutes, so we're told. Sure, when we were lead by a PM who didnt have the balls to go through with no-deal. And even if they don't reconsider - which they probably won't - we're leaving all the same - so their rejection is moot.
&gt; The solution to no deal brexit damaging the national interest is not to recruit a worse leader Well we've tried a remainer in brexiteers clothing and she flat on her arse. There is no appetite for compromise and nobody trusts the powers that be.
Some of the manifesto commitments seems to be 'verbs' rather than nouns. By that I mean they don't really have a criteria to change from 'In Progress' to 'Complete' For example: &gt; Address the injustice of lowest university attendance by white working-class men Presumably that's something they intend to be address of the lifetime of the parliament? If my understanding is correct the the 'verb like' commitments should probably have a different state other than "Done", "In Progress", "Broken", "Complete" - it should be something more like "Doing", "Not doing".
I realise you believe that.
&gt; To remember Jo Cox, we must wrest control from Farage and Johnson – and embed compassion in our politics - In Jo’s life she sought to build bridges, dignify our politics and magnify the lives of the most isolated and vulnerable. Let’s follow her lead in the fight against hate AKA: &gt; Let me politicise an MP's death to try and stop Brexit.
That is definitely not "The whole point". Get out of your echo chamber.
&gt; Leaving is really fecking easy tbh. Accept the WA and move on. By accepting the "*fecking easy tbh*" we are potentially making the Trade Agreement *really fucking hard* - because don't get to walk away - we have no choice but to accept the EUs terms. &gt; I have a feeling that Homeopathy actually works Bad comparison. You can prove whether or not Homeopathy works. You can't 'prove' whether people are happy with their relationship with a political union - and if the people aren't happy what's the point of this whole charade? ...I mean you don't think Brexit is about economics - right? &gt; And whilst we're at it, how about we stop teaching evolution in schools and instead teach about how Allah created Adam and Eve in 6 days, because I feel like it. Might as well stop people from voting and install a technocracy. You miss the point of being alive. &gt; the so called unicorn that every Leave voter is bleating about, the facts are presented and debated and a choice is made based on fact. No, remain gave their "Facts" which were generally all about the economy when the reality is that those who voted to leave were not voting on economic matters.
God forbid somebody thinks differently you.
I want to leave on WTO because it's the only way I can see a meaningful Brexit being achieved, the benefit is restoring peoples faith in democracy - which IMO is immeasurably important. It's not my ideal outcome, but the ship has long since sailed on that.
You need to go and tell CAB about then: &gt; **Your right to non-discrimination - article 14** &gt;Article 14 protects your right not to be discriminated against in connection with your human rights under the Human Rights Act. This means your human rights mustn’t be protected differently because of who you are. Article 14 covers discrimination because of the following things: &gt; * language &gt; * political opinion &gt; * national or social origin &gt; * property and birth &gt; * association with a national minority &gt; * other status - this includes things like sexual orientation, age, transsexual people, carer status. https://www.citizensadvice.org.uk/law-and-courts/civil-rights/human-rights/what-rights-are-protected-under-the-human-rights-act/other-rights-protected-under-the-human-rights-act/
Ermm I should hope so. May "team" have been an utter failure. We can start by booting out Spreadsheet Phil.
LSE at it again. If you are going to put strawmen into the headline then I am not going to read the article. This is Daily Mail grade shit.
What dross. That's like say we won't pursue a trade deal with the US because Trump is an odious character. It's a nonsense argument. The African nations needs all the trade it can get, and let's be blunt - they have far worse leader than a man whose made some gaffs.
&gt; It's amazing how so many people have been convinced that Brexit is the solution to every problem No, they just see that losing faith in democracy is a price too high.
&gt; Not sure what are Tommeh supporters who also voted Brexit en masse are going to say about it. But that would be because they are far-right, not because they are brexit supporters. I bet the following statement holds true too: &gt; Not sure what are Tommeh supporters who also drink beer So by proxy all beer drinkers, right? Right?...
&gt; It depends if some Boris supporters lend their votes around tactically. They will not.
Ok but don't be surprised when we end up with Boris and/or Farage.
Ok, I guess I am not as rich as you.
Oh please, you are kidding yourself if you think food that's twice as expensive as spoons has been prepared any differently.
I'd rather have Farage thanks.
A WTO exit was never by first choice - by first choice was a CETA type deal. But I voted to leave, not for a specific deal. It's clear now that the only way we are ever going to leave the EU now is on a no-deal* (*or the threat of no deal get the EU to reconsider - but they've said they won't so that's that). To me right, I am probably about 5x more concerned about seeing domestic democracy upheld than leaving the EU. But the solution to one is the solution to the other. We need to leave.
&gt; Brexit from the racist-pandering lowest-common-denominator Brexit it inevitably became Brexit hasn't become that. My point is that whilst it might be that to some, it's a very very small percentage of the 52% of the franchise who voted to leave.
Totally accept that London needs to do something like this, but it makes me feel as though it's becoming a more and more awful authoritarian hell hole. Glad I don't live there.
Farage's first choice was and still is a canada style free trade agreement. He is just against continually extending a50 and doesn't believe the such a deal will get through parliament whilst we are still in the EU and it's filled with pro-remain MPs.
Can you prove otherwise without resorting to anecdotes? Like I said, I voted leave, many of my friends and family voted to leave. I know a lot of leavers. They aren't racist. I am no racist. The key issue was and still is Sovereignty not the hue of somebodies skin tone.
That's ridiculous. They're starving themselves to death because of Iran. We can argue to the cows come home whether or not the are contributing factors - but the blame lies squarely with Iran.
&gt; And I fear that the public will buy into Johnsons lies and false jovial temperament. Not really. We just see him for what he is - the only way in which we will ever get what we voted for in 2016 and were promised repeatedly.
We voted to leave the EU. &gt; Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union? And the government they'd enact that, whatever we choose: &gt; This is your decision. The Government will implement what you decide. https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/515068/why-the-government-believes-that-voting-to-remain-in-the-european-union-is-the-best-decision-for-the-uk.pdf And both major parties stood on manifestos saying they'd implement the referendum result.
&gt; when we voted in the MEPs just now The MEPs have no legislative power, the power in the EU lies with the EU council and the Commission. The head of the commission is appointed and they then select their Commission out of short lists. We have no input on that. The EU council is made up of all of the heads of government from the member states. The problem with that is they are lone actors representing entire nations without scrutiny. If May wants to pass new domestic policy she has to bring it to and get it through parliament. There are back benchers and the opposition whose job it is to scrutinise those decisions. When the EU council decide something then there is not outside voices who smack them down. &gt; WTO rules are terrible. No country in the world trades on those terms to it's largest trading partners. Nobody calling for leaving on WTO terms expects us to reside on WTO terms for long - that's the whole reason why leaving the CU is so important too - so we can make our own trade deals with the rest of the world. Unfortunately so long as we are in the EU we can't make those deals so until we actually leave then we have no choice but to leave on WTO terms.
Your assuming that the introduction of the ipads meant that there was no more paper work printed off at all - which I find very hard to believe.
&gt; But let's have people actually vote before pre supposing their "will". We did that in 2016, and we were ignored. Give me one good reason why I should trust that MPs, who in the round do not want Brexit to happen, would all of a sudden respect the outcome of a 2nd ref. We'll get all the same shite about how Parliament is sovereign and how Democracy doesn't end after the referendum and they'll keep dragging their heels and we'll have another 3 years of this shit. I don't trust that MPs are acting in good faith. MPs have eroded the trust the people have and not they are reaping the reward with the Brexit Party and Boris.
absolutely, this is the same man who delivered the 2012 olympics and wanted to build an airport in a river.
Article 13 would be a prime example. But really any sort of regulation or anything at all. These regulations are made without proper democratic accountability and even if I support the measure I don't support the process that determined it.
No, the commission and the council are not accountable. I said the MEPs don't have the power to propose new legislation.
&gt; and only Sam Smith ales That's a positive.
Not easily. The laws are determined between the EU Council and the Commission who act without any opposition or scrutiny. It then goes on to the 2nd chamber where the MEPs are supposed to scrutinise it, but even if ALL of our MEPs were to vote against it - they'd still be out voted by the other MEPs.
&gt; You realise the UK has veto power right? If it says no, it will stop the bill. The power of veto is used very sparingly. Also you realise that the EU is trying to move away from Vetos towards Majority voting - so even if that's how it is done now that won't be how it's done in the future. But either way that doesn't change the fact they are acting without opposition and scrutiny.
&gt; . It's own decision. No guns were put to heads. Blame the people making decisions if you want, Fine and I will. But tell me: once article 13 is in place - how would we, the people, go about removing it? Who or what do we vote for to get Article 13 repealed? Because in Westminster if a party puts through a bill that is unpopular an opposition party can stand on a platform to reverse the decision. We don't elect the commission, a single EU Council member can not push through the change, and the MEPs don't have the power to propose new legislation. This leads to the ever tightening ratchet that is the EU - clawing more and more powers away from the member states.
What do you think will happen at the end of Oct?
&gt; They didn't listen to you because your campaign was run to win using lies Get out of town. Both campaigns were run on lies and fear. I don't represent either of them. Also you have now perfectly demostrated why a 2nd referendum is something we should continue to fight against. If we won a 2nd ref you'd continue to say we won with lies and continue to ignore it's result - if leave won then that'd be the end of matter and the powers at be wouldn't question it. Trust has been lost and parliament is paying the price for that. &gt; it wasn't run to enable a specific option to actually be delivered. How could it? The Leave camp were not in power - they couldn't force the governments hand to act a certain way after the vote. All they could do is argue for one side or the other of the question: &gt; Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union? . &gt; "No deal" brexit would not win in a vote vs remain. I don't believe that. It think it'd be very close.
No it wasn't sarcasm. The comment I replying to reaked of being coddled by the echo chamber. Also your link doesn't support the claim you make. The link asks what peoples first preference is. Of course all Remainers are going to rally around a 2nd referendum as their first preference - where as leavers have a few different options splitting the polls - but doesn't mean that leavers wouldn't be happy with a different option other than their first preference. For example: My preference would be to have a Canada style free trade agreement - but if that can't be secured I'd much rather leave on no-deal than anything else.
&gt; Half the country don’t just want to leave the EU, they specifically want no deal. We want to fucking leave, and leave in a meaningful fashion. We've wanted it for 3 years now. It could have been done with a Canada style free trade agreement but the opportunity for that has sailed. I'll take no-deal over having to trust the charlatans in power for another day.
&gt; If it wasn't for the ERG **"brexit"** would have happened. FTFY.
&gt; Should we, as humans, not be free to change our minds? Not when changing your mind looks a lot like lying when things didn't go your way. The decided to give us the decision. They should not be able to change their mind on respecting the outcome.
&gt; You're demanding a version of brexit you're not entitled to, a version that has no mandate. Wrong, we were given the referendum in the first place to wipe out the UKIP party as well as back benchers in the main political parties. The idea was that this would put the issue to bed once and for all. We voted to leave - which is the opposite of what the MPs wanted - but they could at least have secured the original objective of wiping UKIP off the map. MPs have dragged their heels and frustrated brexit as much as they dare - and as a result the Brexit Party has now become a serious force in British politics - let's be honest if we don't have a **meaningful** Brexit then the Tory party is as a good as toast. And it's this meaningful brexit that is the key, if we don't leave the EU, SM &amp; CU then the Brexit party isn't going anywhere and the Tories (and very possibly also Labour) are done for.
It's not worthy of a 3 week suspension though - is it? We're talking about kids filming themselves, not the local peeping tom coming in.
&gt; a) It doesn't ask those polled about what they personally support and want and so doesn't reflect their preferences. This isn't really about people preference, this is about what would they be willing to support - and I think the question teases that out - although i do agree with injection of bias issue. We aren't talking about people first choice outcome - I very much would have liked a Canada Style trade agreement, but if we can't have that I am 'happy' to go through with a no-deal brexit.
I am happy to consider them; I am not however going to fabricate them.
Pull your head of out your arse. The UK has it's down points - but they're nothing compared to China's.
It just being realistic, is it not? I'd much rather leave without a deal at the end of Oct than extend; but I'd rather leave with a deal than without one. But when are we or the EU going to have the time to negotiate the deal over the next few months. We're sorting out a new PM then it's parliament recess. The EU is on recess followed by the appointing their presidents and commission.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/c53je8/britain_is_now_a_remain_nation_we_can_halt_this/erzxcmh/
I think the Euro elections seem to me to show that people are much more willing to fight it out than drop it.
Probably better we just respect the outcome of the 2016 referendum.
Our PM is elected. Not only can her consituency MPs vote her out, more importantly we - as a nation - can vote the Tories out of office. If we don't like the Commission there is nothing we can do. &gt; They're elected to be that representative on the EU Council. Which has no opposition and scrutiny. Hypothetically, imagine a system where we elected a PM and that was it, no commons, no lords, no consitutions. Would they be elected? Yes. Would it be an utterly shit system? Definitely.
Do we find out who proposed what and who voted for and failed to veto what in the EU council? And what power would the opposition and back benchers have? they can simply criticise but they cant stop it.
&gt; I mean the idea that bad government you can 'understand' is better than good government you can't is... Well, it's symptomatic of an something very sick in a segment of the population. You should always be able to keep those in power to account and be able to oust them if they are no longer serving you. This is required to stop the system becoming "Very sick". &gt; Life is complicated. Nothing is simple. Fucking deal with it or go live in a cave. Don't talk nonsense. The EU is needlessly complex. Why is the 2nd chamber the one we elect and the primary chamber appointed? That's a decision that has been made to keep people out of the process. This system is both the 'bad government' and the 'complex system'.
&gt; Primary chamber" is apppointed by elected governments of each country That's nonsense. Our parliament has no sway over the entire Council and commission and can ultimately be ignored by our head of government. The commission should be elected by and be accountable to the people.
&gt; UK governance is also complex, indirect, convoluted, and unwilling to reform. Fine, I'd rather be ruled by one system than two. And I disagree. I think Brexit is the very proof that the people have the ability to influence the direction of the nation in a very real way. And I've already given the Corbyn example - if Corbyn was elected then the direction of the UK would shift quite dramatically. Similar changes would just not be possible in the EU. The EU has never had an an about-face. It just continues on the same path ambivalent to the will of the people it professes to represent. &gt; It seems silly to me that we would vote to abandon one system we decry for having those characteristics It's not replacing one with another. It's going from two to one. &gt; just abolish the UK and go full subservient to EU, then there's one system! No. I want the power to be as close to me as reasonable. &gt; namely that UK governance is complex, indirect, convoluted, and unwilling to reform. I've already outlined why I don't think they're equivalent.
&gt; I agree, of course, but I doubt anyone would argue the inverse. That's my argument. Well done. &gt; but what if a right wing populist or a socialist became leader? Possibly. But not really. This is like reason #5 of #10 of why I want to leave the EU. Far higher up is that I don't like big governments with the power distant from the people they represent. If the "populist" you mention stripped the EU *right* back to it's origins as a common market with aligned regulation then maybe, maybe just. I don't see that happening - too many of the 28 member states are net beneficiaries. &gt; Overall, I'm not seing much rationale here. Can take a horse to water... I am not asking you to agree with me, I am trying to get you to understand an alternative perspective.
&gt; Sorry, but comparing numbers of protestors to votes is just moronic. So is comparing number of protestors to outright lies. There were nothing like 1mil people at that event https://fullfact.org/europe/peoples-vote-march-count/ &gt; The leave march could barely fill Parliament Square. I never invoked that as an argument. I don't think the numbers who turn up to marches should mean anything at all in these sorts of cases.
Good lord how is this upvoted? How are they fascist? How are they racist? What is it with people doing there damnedest to ensure those word have utterly no meaning.
&gt; ethno-nationalist How is it ethno-nationalist? &gt; racist bullshit What racist bullshit. Isn't it run by Cadice Owens (black), are you calling her a 'Racist Traitor' or an 'Uncle Tom'? Or is it just not more likely they share a different view to you?
You think the UK is going to cease to exist if we leave with no deal? The issue will *have* to be resolved.
she addressed that in video.
&gt; She has NOTHING to say about any of that. She addressed that in the video. She said that if Hitler was a nationalist he wouldn't have killed his own people. &gt; The word nationalist is dirty and it should be abandoned I agree. I don't support her opinion, but I think to call her a fascist and racist is just *way* off the mark.
&gt; Completely avoidable costs by either taking one of the predefined options I agree, it'd of had have of been a free trade deal. But parliament have dragged their heels or pursued their own fantasies. We've now wasted so much time and my desire to leave has not altered on iota - very little change has actually happened. If our parliament can work out a decent deal then we'll leave in hardest sense and ensure they are to blame for it.
&gt; No True Scotsman amirite? Again, I am not saying she is making a good argument - I am saying that it's ridiculous to call her a racist and fascist.
&gt; We are still under the existing trade deals. That ends once we crash out Yes, naturally. the very issue of the customs union is that by being in it we can't make free trade deals. Quite frankly ensure that democracy is upheld is more important.
&gt; I never once brought up nazis. You did that. Sorry I drew Nazi when talking about the existence of concentration camps making thing fascist. How absurd. &gt; Also seeking asylum isn’t illegal. Nope, but being an illegal immigrant is. I don't think anyone in these centres have got there from apply for asylum through the official channels.
You still fucking wear it on a giant badge on your head, and you certainly wouldn't go to a jewish vigil with it, would you?
It's questionable and anyone with an ounce of sense would not wear that giant badge on your fucking head to a jewish vigil.
Nick Griffen endorsed Corbyn, so what? Also you know what, I don't like Trump - but I am fucking glad Trump likes Boris.
&gt; homely, traditional-pub like environment We call those pubs. WMC are not really pubs in the sense you defined yourself.
&gt; You can get rid of the Tories, and to a lesser extent Boris. There is nothing stopping the next seat warmer hiring Cummings as well though. The point is, who the government hire to do appointed roles is a part of the reputation of that government. Forget about "Boris", think Tories. If you don't like how the Tories have behaved then we can kick them out. What this sub, stuanch remainers, and labour die hards don't seem to like to admit is that Boris and Cummings are actually very popular amongst large swathes of the nation - myself included. Cummings isn't in his role because we've been hudwinked or a coup. He's there because we want him there. We can get rid of him but chance we won't because: 1. We like him 2. The alternative is much worse (The alternative being either a Labour government OR Boris without Cummings).
&gt; But for example all those people selling services to the eu I specifically said individuals. You are conflating commercial with personal. I specifically worded my answer. Most people are not directly selling services into the EU. In fact that's exactly the case I accounted for in my comment. &gt; What will change is for those who import and exports goods and services. . &gt; but he will need a work visa to work out of spain Good, I am glad. Spain should be able to pick and choose who they do and do not allow to reside in their country - as should we. That's a part of what defines a sovereign nation state. But let's be real, Spain isn't going to make things difficult for Brits to work and holiday in Spain that's in nobodies interest. &gt; or in other words, his employer will need to replace him Bollocks, he or his employer will just need to get the visa. Also I'd put money on their being a visa-waver program (ala Esta) - because, as I said, Spain *needs* foreign investment and expertise.
Let me guess, Labour's Anti-semitism is just a load of MSN lies too?
Boring. I think he is ace and very competent. Guess you'll just have to live with it. It's funny, if remainer had acted like fucking little kids after the referendum you could have worked together for a softish Brexit. Now you're stuck with this timeline. Happy New Year.
Project fear is the name given to the negative bullshit people believe -regardless of whether they are fearful. You calling Brexit "the apocalypse" is a prime example. The doomsday isn't going to happen.
Fucking builders in the morning. They never order pastries either, it's always like some custom breakfast sandwich and hot drink. Takes the staff about 15s to serve me (steak bake + sausage roll, obviously) + paying contactless - the builder brigade takes like 3 or 4mins per person.
It's primarily British engineering firms involved; having stake holders is a great thing for British Engineering.
The forecast were very specifically word, they went out of their way to says: &gt; analysis of the impact on the nation’s economy over the immediate period of two years following a vote to leave. There is no wiggle room there. If they wanted to say "on leaving" then it would have been EASIER for them to say "on leaving". This wording is specific. Let's break it down. &gt; vote to leave This is the condition. If they wanted to say "after leaving" or "on leaving" then that'd actually be a less awkward way of phrasing it. &gt; immediate period of two years following This is the time frame. Again, there is absolutely no room for movement. &gt; and I think "supersede" might be an Americanisation of "supercede Yep, I am going to blame autocorrect.
&gt; intended to enter service from 2035 ..defending the nation and its interests is still going to be a thing in 15 years time. If anything the middle east is going to be LESS stable if the climate gets hotter. And it doesn't look like Russia or NK is going to magically start behaving themselves either.
In terms of regulations I don't think there is doubt that the UK will have it's own regs which are basically aligned with the EU. But in the same way Canada has a close trade deal with the EU whilst being aligned to the USA we will be aligned with the EU and seek a close trade deal with the USA.
Mate, this thread is littered with you arguing with people who actually live in these places whilst you admit you live in South-east/London. If Labour metropolitan elites like yourself don't start fucking listens, and understanding then you're not going to stand a snowballs chance in hell in getting back in power. And quite frankly, thank fuck.
What about what about what about what about what about.... ...it won't - or not nearly to then degree that people will care about. Somethings, including some foods, might get cheaper. The EU is a protectionist racket.
Oh yeah, because people are on the streets because there isn't enough supply of 5million quid homes. What do you want, them breaking up into crappy bedsits? Get some perspective.
Go on then, what's wrong. Here is there the government report stating very very very specifically: &gt; Immediate impact of a vote to leave the EU on the UK: &gt; * Unemployment (level) +520,000 &gt; * GDP -3.6% Come on then, where is the lack of fact checking there? https://www.gov.uk/government/news/britain-to-enter-recession-with-500000-uk-jobs-lost-if-it-left-eu-new-treasury-analysis-shows Or was it the FTSE 350 number you took issue with? https://www.hl.co.uk/shares/stock-market-summary/ftse-350 . (set to 5 or 10 year view). Since 2016 (pre ref) the FTSE 350 (combined performance of 100 &amp; 250) is massive up - even if you were to account to the drop the value stirling it's still performing way better than expect. In fact I'd posit it's performing better because Stirling was overvalue before Brexit. . Perhaps it was the HQ point that you don't believe: Here's the press release: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/blog/posts/goldman-sachs-london-plumtree-court.html And here is the talking BS before the referendum: &gt; And financial firms could shift foreign exchange operations and investment banking to the Continent. Executives at global banking giants such as HSBC and Goldman Sachs have already suggested that a Brexit would prompt them to move jobs. &gt; “The minute the U.K. is no longer part of the E.U., there is zero chance that London remains the center for euro-denominated transactions,” https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/22/business/international/brexit-referendum-eu-economy.html So. Please. Enlighten me, what facts are unchecked?
I think it's actually pretty good. Name is a little cheesy but they are comedians are so are most of their jokes. Your loss.
Think it can be both at the same time. I don't really have much of an issue with it to be honest - although most certainly do not want the UK dragging into to any more middle eastern conflicts. Leaving us out of it suites me just fine.
Why not Lammy?
hmm then it seems like the labour movement is dead.
This question fundementally misses thee point of Freeedom of Speech - or more correctly Expression. The purpose of Freedom of Speech is to allow people to think, explore and express ideas without the government interfering. The "Shouting fire" example is not about stopping people from expressing an idea, about stopping people from committing another crime using speech as the vehicle to do it. The crime here is not my Expression but that I am acting in a manner which endangers life. Take for example. Writing. Writing is another area that should be covered by Freedom of Expression. I should beee able to express any idea in text. That does not mean I get to forge cheques. Even if I write them out by hand. The crime there is not my Expression of Thought - I am simply using my handwriting as a vehicle to commit another crime.
Yep my van is a 2008, and there is no reason for me to get rid of it. It doesn't have as many gizmos as newer vehicles but it works fine and is still passing it's MOT with minima fuss. The only thing wrong with it is that it isn't as fuel efficient as some other vehicles now, but it's not terrible either. I see no reason for me to get rid of it for another 5 or even 10 years.
IRA
He doesn't have to. He can lay his stall out, pitch to Boris, and get Boris to yes-man it. It's so dumb to rile against this, this sort of thinking is the GOOD aspect of this government.
&gt; For example, if I tell someone to commit a crime and they commit it, is "the sounds that come out of my mouth" party to that crime? If incitement of violence is illegal, then yes that's a crime. You're not expressing an idea, you are exploring other to enact something. An idea would be "Westerner are heathens are will go to hell". "Kill all westerners" is not an idea, it an attempt to coerce others into action.
&gt; Part of the problem is that right wingers rarely argue in good faith. No, this is just your bias. At the end of the day the vast majority of people want what they believe is the best for the country. Right and Left. &gt; they want to meme about supporting the candidate they think is worse That's not "right wingers" that internet trolls. You've been had, and the Lammy thing was funny - have a bit of a sense of humour about it. &gt; r just shout about how they're all bad and gloat about Labour never winning. But this is true! I'll be direct. I voted for Boris, but I can certainly see his flaws as a character - but on balance I thought he was a lot better than JC. That does not mean for one moment that I wouldn't have voted for a David Milliband type figure. Somebody who is rationale and sensible but also has some gravitas to their personality. If you write me of as a "Right-winger" then you are just going to put me off from ever even considering voting for the Labour party. And if labour keep making the same mistakes and keep putting terrible people in leadership roles - then I don't owe labour my vote either.
Fair answer TBF. Not gun-ho, but a clear yes.
&gt; But the reduced rate of 5% will no longer apply to the installation of wind and water turbines at all. I am not too fussed. The UK has a green energy policy, that is to push off shore wind really hard. Wind is something we have a lot of, as is water. This makes sense. I don't see any point in subsidising solar power. Fuck me where i live the sun gets up at 8.30 and goes down at 4 - and we have no good way of storing that energy. It's nice idea to think that we should be bolstering every little green initiative we can, but we should think about it more as an optimisation problem. We want the most change in X direction (reducing co2 emissions) for a given amount of resource (money).
I think by the far the messiest part of the whole process has been the disgraceful way in which this process has been dragged out. What's been the result of the last 3.5years? We're probably going to have a harder brexit and we have a PM that lefties are even less happy with. Good work lads. I think the Tories having a majority is the best outcome from that election. More statement would have been terrible.
I mean the issue is not nor ever really was &gt; just the Irish Border conundrum The issue was to get parliament to agree when no party had a real majority. That issue is now resolved.
&gt; That is all folks, just talking amongst ourselves. Don't be obtuse. It wasn't "Talking amongst ourselves", it was fighting between different parties in parliament who couldn't agree an anything. That is no longer the issue. Is it?
isn't MiFID II something that companies, not nations, sign up to? Seems you know more about it than I do.
well we'll have to agree to disagree.
Thanks for the write up.
Ok, you still don't *need* it. People like luxuries, people want then, as evidenced by you. But if you don't have 8k spare no one is lamenting not having it.
&gt; and my local butcher This is the way to go. You get exactly what you want, at a high quality and very often ins't more expensive. I've also started using the green grocer market too for the same reasons. Also fresh chillis and herbs are WAY better than the poxy little bags you get from the super market. &gt; Anyone seen any Easter eggs yet? Yep, sainsburies have then by all their checkouts.
&gt; The Canada deal... Caused issues for Canada fisheries... Involbes a way of eu companies to sue Canada... Via non Canadian tribunals. I've tried to find any source of this causing issue. Can you cite me anything to back this up. &gt; That's the deal we are copying? Doesn't feel brexity. Would you rather have no deal? Because I am cool with that if you are.
Thee WA is oven ready. The conflation with the WA (which is really a Treaty) and a "Deal" helps no one.
That doesn't hold. It was the EU who suggested a CETA-type deal to us in the early days. The EU want us to use an off the peg option rather than some bespoke arrangement.
I don't really have an issue with EU inspecting products that will be exported into the EU. So long as the EU inspectors don't have any say on products that aren't destined for their market. Their market their rules, and vice versa.
&gt; bet you're still wondering how labour lost so badly lmao It waz the racists wot did it.
wine != coke
&gt; Emmerdale hour long special thank you for the daily reminder or why I got rid of my TV!
^ Pro. But wouldn't you rather just have 2 steak bakes? Assuming, big assumption, they are an acceptable temperature.
&gt; leave tables fucking filthy for ages without clearing and cleaning them. Fucking fat cat here. You eat in, you know you have to pay extra tax on that?
Well I hope you are right. I don't support Labour, but Nandy is the closest thing they have to talking sense. Although she still misses the mark sometimes.
I am Poe's Law'ing really hard here. You don't get a fucking choice in the matter. It'd be like a white person claiming they're black, or a man a women. You're just wrong.
&gt; Why am I British? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_people &gt; The British people, or Britons, are the citizens of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the British Overseas Territories, and the Crown dependencies "British" is a word with a meaning. You don't get to redefine it on your own whim.
No m8, that's just a "Minority Political Identity".
Good for you, you don't need to signal them.
No, it's pefectly safe to wander around MOST of Mcr at night and go out to pubs, bar, concerts &amp; clubs. This was a one off freak, and fails to account for the hundreads of thousands of rape-free nights out that happen every year. Don't let it put you off, just be smart about where you leave your drinks.
If it's a view at the top of a hill then the closest place I reckon is Werneth low.
Missing the forrest for the trees there sonny.
She says one thing, but her actions say another. She standing up in parliament and effectively riling against brexit. Pathetic.
It's not bullshit though, is it? We'll be out of the EU by the end of the mouth, and out of the transitional period by the end of the year. Compare and contrast that to Ol' Gramps idea and we were in for year and year more bullshit no doubt leading to a referendum that would have been boycott by leavers anyway.
&gt; “This is your pissing contest, leave us out of it”? 3 brits died in that plane crash, and our troops in Iraq (lets not get into the rights and wrongs of that) are now at increased risk. "Leaving us out of it" isn't really an option.
&gt; Imagine thinking informing yourself of the basic facts of a topic you seem interested in is a waste of time. lol. You asked for them not me. I knew we imported more than we exports, it's common knowledge. &gt; Yah, but not really. If you are banking on that you are going to be very disappointed. I mean it's obvious imports and exports aren't going to drop to zero. But if they are even reduced by 10 per cent on each side then UK manufactures will be the net beneficiaries. &gt; Only if every part for the car is made in the UK. They aren't. Well we'll still need to purchase cars here, so I guess that means more of each car will be produced domestically.
How the fuck did you pull that up? Do you have a database on redditor predictions?
For a government project that's basically on budget. Remind me how much the Eurofighter Typhoon over ran, the NHS IT system, or of course, HS2.
&gt; The “Issue” is the allegation that Johnson is backing away from stated promises around protection of EU citizens rights. Which promises and where is your evidence for that. The article, as far as I could tell, didn't provide ANY evidence of that. &gt; “ha ha you’re really fucked now because we got Johnson in” No he was making a valid point. There was an opportunity for Brexit to be done another way, and remainers in parliament made no attempt to seize it.
How on earth is my argument bad faith when it appears you've not even read the article. Also the use of "Bad Faith" as a counter argument is totally void. That is your subject assessment of my motives which you can not possibly know -- you are using it as an attempt to not address the issue in the hope that I would be unable to Prove you subjective opinion wrong. So either you should at least read the article and think about it's contents or it is you who should "bore off". If you have read the article and, as you assert, my comment is in bad faith then you'll have no issue rebutting it.
But he's trying to write a persuasive and engaging argument. Emotive language does that.
Well I am sorry you are so easily offended. I am sure you're a riot to be around.
That just isn't true. Even the leave camp used the phrase "Short term pain" - there is no reason not to, because the vote to leave was no an economic decision. You are developing a reputation of spreading fake news. One of many examples found search "Short term pain Brexit" on google news: &gt; Leave campaigners concede there might be some short-term pain but in the longer run they predict benefits from being outside the EU. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36029874
Why? I am celebrating that we still live in a democracy where the power that be can't just ignore the outcome of a referendum just because they don't like the result.
OP specifically mentioned "Academic" (in air quotes), my comment specifically addresses JP academic credentials. He is a credible academic.
&gt; I will take it from that you are just hanging around the sub to litter it with bad faith comments It's not bad faith. Calling something Bad Faith, is a ironically, a bad faith argument in its own right, because you do not know my motivations for making the remark and you are hoping by questioning my motive you can dodge my own questioning. &gt; How would you know since you have shown clearly in this thread you have no interest in finding out what fascism is? I know full well what fascism is, and I know that this isn't a fascist nation. &gt; See if you can handle the 52 second video here: https://twitter.com/brianklaas/status/1215962316145152000 That video doesn't mention fascism.
No, there are plenty, but they are in a much better place to do something about it themselves and will probably be less of a "burden" on public services.
I agree. And I think this is really where schools fail. We did "Food Tech" in school. All we ever did was learn to bake pastries and desserts, I think we made pizza once. Instead the focus needs to be entirely on teaching to either cook for an entire family OR learning to cook a dish that can then be be broken up into lots of small meals which can be frozen or refrigerated.
You realise that we lose 350million a week to the EU right?
&gt; As I'm sure you know, the lynchpin of NATO is the US Only because the EU nations, barre UK &amp; France chronically underfund their militaries. If all 27 nations funded their military to the 2pc target then we would be far far far less reliant on the USA. &gt; And I'm saying that if America fails us The US is "failing us" because we, as a continent, have totally failed to invest in our own security. Nay, our security is actively undermined by the actions of actors like Germany who are now reliant on Russian oil. &gt; clearly the strategic future of the UK lies with Europe. Which is a big reason why Brexit is such a bad idea. I think we've dodged a bullet by avoiding having our "strategic future" intertwined with a bunch of ingrate nations (referring to defence specifically). The idea of an "EU Army" should remain a *dangerous fantasy*.
&gt; performed for the average person That's because they don't "Perform for the average person". You are not their customer - your local council is. The only thing that forces companies to improve is competition.
People didn't vote for the other half to deny losers consent and drag their heels.
&gt; there we have the typical bitter and angry response because someone dares to think differently. What? I am neither angry or bitter. In fact I am extremely happy. 2020 is going to be great, as are the next 5 years. I don't care if people disagree with, I do have a problem with actors in a democratic society withdrawing losers-consent - but I am not bitter - the general election delivered swift justice on that front - the highlight being swinson losing her seat and labour losing the red wall. &gt; and you're angry about it. I am not angry, so your premise is flawed. &gt; political chaos, a damaged economy, immigrants unhappy, NHS in crisis, international embarrassment, no prospect of any improvement in the near future Never heard so much dross. Did you also believe that "A vote to leave" would lead to "an immediate recession" and "500,000 unemployed". When do you take the hint that Project Fear is just hot air. &gt; This has been fun, but seeing as you're getting all tetchy, I'm out. You can repeat that all you like. forget 2016, 2020 is the real year things changed and I am loving it.
haha, i know that. I just think it fuck hilarious that people think that an EU army is going to be any good when it's the EU who are letting NATO down right now.
No, not paying the 2per cent spending commitment but expecting America to sure up defensives between Europe and Russia.
Good. Why waste time and money on onshore wind when offshore is better is almost every way - and is Nimby proof. We can wax on all day about people should love having giant metal machines in their backyards, but they don't and that isn't going to change.
I disagree. Firstly they didn't ban onshore, they stopped subsidising it. That's a totally different thing. Secondly, it's because they stopped subsidising onshore that the UK have become *the* world leaders in offshore wind power.
To be fair we do that, so that we are no longer burning coal in the same plants, like Drax. Its more important that we stop burning coal than we stop burning organic matter altogether.
I think the cost per KW is still higher for offshore, but like you say, this should come down as the size of the mills will get bigger.
&gt; doesn't therefore mean that onshore wind will be. I do not support Onshore wind. I think we agree?
And yet still better than alternative.
Ermm I mean that like calling a parent a hypocrite because they love and care for their own children more than they do other. Also, even though I used the term myself, I think using the erm NIMBY is just a way to dismiss what is often very valid criticism. In my local area they want to build a load of new houses on green spaces. And of course the NIMBY's are out in full force, but they do have lots of valid reasons, like protecting the green belt, the main road is already girdlocked, the schools are already full and you can't see your GP for 2 weeks. Sure we *do* need more housing - but people are right to point out their area is not suitable. When it comes to wind power the same is true, except that there is a perfectly viable alternative that doesn't rattle any cages - and that's building the turbines off shore.
&gt; Perhaps amongst those gullible enough to be believe brexit is a good thing. Nobody else. Smile for a fucking change.
I mean Boris has done enough for this cause already, no?
&gt; So you can't tell me any specific part of Labour ideology that is 'woke All "X" shortlists.
Yes. Bankers don't want to live in fucking Frankfurt.
ok, then stop asking whether we'll still have frictionless trade. We don't have it now, and it'll only be slightly higher friction after we leave.
Look at the "double Irish" and "dutch sandwich".
Never seen ETA used like that, always been Estimated Time of Arrival.
Fuck all compared to HS2 100bn.
&gt; to disrupt already expensive repairs They did it for NYE. I think leaving the EU is a far bigger deal than that. &gt; six figure sum to do it Which will be paid for by private donations. &gt; Even thinking about wasting that money on it is embarrassing. Well tell that to Sadiq who spends far far far more than that on NYE.
Of course he hasn't done anything wrong. Everyone is entitled to a view. Whether that was the right venue and audience for that particular opinion to be expressed at that particular time is another matter - but that's a matter of taste.
Celebrating peoples death is fucking low. Even if you hate the person take it to the bank, don't gloat. That person is also someone mother, brother, father, sister, partner friend whatever... Those who celebrated Thatcher's death only made themselves look like fools.
&gt; there would have been no reason for a second referendum Labour's 2019 policy was to have a referendum on the deal they negotiated regardless of how good or bad it was. &gt; is if you wanted the option of overriding the result of the first, i.e. to remain in the EU. Which the vast majority of Labour MPs and Members wanted to do
&gt; Have we actually left yet? No. Obviously. We will leave at the end of the month. At the end of this month we will be out of the EU - sure still in a transition period but we won't be EU members. &gt; Erm I think those who have lost family's members as a direct result of austerity and universal credit would have something to say about that Boring. I don't buy your narrative. It's just a daft way of viewing the world. We have to cap spending somewhere. If Labour said they'd spend 2x what the Tories would spend on the NHS, for example, then there'd still be that medical condition that's treatment would require 2.1x the funding. NICE was still making tough decisions under Labour. &gt; I bet you've never even rubbed shoulders with poverty. There is where you can go and fuck yourself. I fucking grew up on a council estate in a single parent house hold. The fucking audacity you display assuming that: 1. I don't pass your pathetic purity test 2. All people from working class backgrounds must share the same politics. NEWSFLASH. Labour is no longer the party of the working class. The working classes overwhelmingly voted Tory. They also vote to leave. &gt; Shove your arrogance up your arse. Fucking rich when you go around assuming you know my background and even care project what politics I should and shouldn't have a result. Don't respond, I am not interested in your pathetic strawmen.
&gt; And they have a lot of friends on social media so that has to mean something right?! It means the electorate is smarter than they are; and have done the right thing keeping them out ;)
&gt; Nonsense. Austerity was a choice Sure, and it was a good one. The idea behind modern economies is that you spend when your economy is struggling and save when it's doing well. Labour overlooked a period of unprecedented rapid economic growth, and rather than take that to the bank, they spent heavily, squandered our reserves and "invested" in PFI deals. Blair and Brown arrogantly declared that they'd ended boom and bust, and to celebrate sold off our obviously defunct gold reserves for a fraction of their current worth. By the way, that was all a choice too. Come the Global Recession (which itself was *not* Labour's fault) we had utterly no headroom to dig ourselves out. We'd sold our reserves and our dept to GDP ratio was utterly fucked. There were no holes left in the belt. &gt; Don’t forget that for every pound the government spends they get half back in taxes. By the logic every government should max out their credit card. The economy is not a perpetual motion machine - you can't throw good money after bad. You may disagree, but I think austerity was the right policy; and of course you know who agrees - the EU. Where I would agree is that it went on too long, really as soon as our economy was starting to grow again then I think we needn't have grown the size of the state, but funded that facets of the state that we do have better. That's my my view. You are entitled to disagree, but I think I'll leave it there. Have a good evening.
&gt;That’s why there is going to be an EU army. The whole point of the EU army is to allow slacker-nations to sponge of the very few EU nations who have a militaries worth talking about. The same way they sponge of NATO - just now NATO (I mean America here) is getting tired of propping wealthy nations pathetic defence spending they need someone else to lean on.
There are plenty. Tariffs on car import and exports stands to benefit our domestic car production more than the loss of trade into the EU - for example. We lose a market we currently sell 800k cars into, but our market could grow by up to 2.3mil.
All of . which is voluntary - even NATO action is voluntary. The difference between a treaty and collaboration and a Political Union is huge.
As far as rap goes, whilst the lyrics are violent and debauched, the music is nowhere near as other forms of rap/hiphop like that mumble shit. It's slow and considered and people are rapping about things that affects them or they wish people to think affects them.
So British Steel can then just charge whatever the fuck they like. Seems daft. Also there is many different types of steel, and not all companies (and by extension countries) produce all types for all purposes. It's on of the reason why we "survived" china dumping steel is because that was pretty low grade mild steel whereas we largely make specialist steels. This is knee-jerk protectionism to try and bolster labours image as becoming Patriotic.
&gt; How many people on the left that you actually meet take these stances though? Quite a lot. IDK in the industry I work in "Woke" ideas are very common and are even pushed on us from the company: for example we have company values that are just reworked airy-fairy Marx quotes and diversity training. I mean take QT the other day when that women tried to use "Straight White Man" as a reason to shut down the speakers comments. This shit is out there. Now sure, out of the city and away from my work place and meeting people who are 40, 50, 60+, yeah you are totally right. This is a whole other world.
I think it's North of Varock not Hackney.
&gt; We often get "we can make our own laws" but nobody can actually say what new laws they want or which ones they currently don't like No offence, but this reflects poorly on you more than it does those you are mocking. It's not my fault that you don't understand the concept of sovereignty. It has never been about thee "What" it is about the Who, How and Why. I wouldn't give a fuck if our domestically elected parliament decided to mirror every last bit of EU legislation after we've left - that fine - we elected them and if we don't like what they are doing we can kick them out (as we just did!). ...to put it another way, your argument is the same argument one could make to defend a benevolent dictator. They might be benevolent but I'd still far be making the decisions for myself.
This is fucking cool. I love it, and I actually play the flute. It sort of reminds me of Magma.
&gt; The fact that folk on here vehemently argue that we need to leave the EU but can't actually say what sovereignty we don't have reflects poorly on me. Errr, that's not what you asked so you are shifting the goal posts. The Soverignty we do not have is summed up by the fact the . EU laws in the EU's area of competence automatically becomes UK law without parliament having a look in. EU law in those areas is consider Supreme. We can not vote to influence the direction of the EU, and the direction of the EU (ever closer union) is certainly not something British people want and I posit it's not something most citizen's of Europe want either. But we have fuck all control over it. &gt; Which, of course, you're not. We will be.
&gt; UK was sovereign before Brexit No it wasn't. The EUs law is considered Supreme to UK in it's areas of competence. That means we don't have a choice in the matter as to whether or not we take that legislature. How on earth is that statement of fact compatible with: "UK was sovereign before Brexit"
Cool narrative sonny.
&gt; That's an argument for raising the minimum wage, first and foremost We are. But: 1. Its going to drive food rices up 2. Make british grown food internationally uncompetitive 3. Attract even more immigration (if we continue with FoM)
York is nothing like as expensive as London - unless you want to live right next to the minster.
It's not 1920 any more. Food can be flown in from all over the world. What's this hypothetical situation that's going to arise where no food producing nation will sell us anything. Also at the moment our food security is utterly reliant on Eastern European labour .
Mate you managed to say absolutely nothing in that overly long spew. Want to try again, cause I am not getting the violin out for you?
She is carcinogenic. Fucking hate her. Starmer is going to win, but labour are going to lose - because they've not shut up about how important it is for the next leader needs to be a women and they're going to (rightly) give it to the most competent person.
Pretty apt no? https://youtu.be/lBVltz7we2w vocal solo about half way through
&gt; Do people who earn higher salaries, say ~40k still get this? I’d assume so? Probably, but for this 'experiment' to carry any weight those on over 40k would also have to be taxed to high heaven to balance the equation.
If I go 1200 a month I wouldn't bother working.
Remainer logic: Brexit causes house prices to go down: Evil Brexit, causing hard working people to g into negative equity. Brexit cause house prices to go up: Evil Brexit making housing less affordable.
They are. And it's with every step we take we realise it's costing us more and more.
&gt; transcends what box you ticked on a slip 3.5 years ago. Not a lot transcends peoples desire for freedom. As clearly shown by the racist election.
...Thatcher was the best PM we've had in the modern era though.
Good. So they should. We had a referendum that all majority parties voted to give us. It's not the peoples fault that MPs don't like the answer that we gave them. They need to suck it up and embrace Brexit as an opportunity.
&gt; Cutting prices won't make up for 48% of the UK pretty much boycotting them now. Delusional, most people don't give a fuck what side of the brexit divide the owner is.
not yet. Wait til the end of the month.
Geesh man, I bet you're a riot at parties.
&gt; Really? Myself and just about everybody I know in the over 40's group are boycotting them, You live in an echo chamber, you probably all voted remain, didn't vote Tory and no doubt wouldn't have gone to Whetherspoons anyway. You'd rather pay more to not be surrounded by the working class and old. Fine. You do you. &gt; Apart from the local alcies I don't know who uses them round here. Again, echo chamber. Unless you go at 7 in the morning (which IS a depressing experience) there is usually a whole mixture of different ages and backgrounds. But you wouldn't really know, because you boycott it.
Is there a level playing field with goods that are produced in Canada: Yes/No.
&gt; The US right want to designate antifascists as a terrorist group If by antifascists you mean "Antifa" then good and rightly so.
haha. I think that is an (ironically) Trump style usage of "sad". He says: "loosing my northern accent. Sad." It is sad that he is losing his accent.
&gt; There seems to be some kind of growing narrative lately that Brexit has suddenly become a success From a leaver voters point of view things are running a lot more smoothly. &gt; Just because it now actually looks like happening is no indicator of its success. The doomsday prediction, just not coming true and new forecasts are showing that things are not going to be anywhere near as bad as previously thought - instread of recession - growth. Instead of unemployment - record employment... so forth. &gt; We're still threatening to leave with no deal at the end of the year so there is every chance of that car crash. Which like all other remainer predictions will turn out to not be that bad **if** it happens which it probably won't.
Yep.
ok whatever bro.
ok sis
&gt; Electric cars emissions are front loaded into the construction cost People are still going to own cars though. That isn't going to change. There are more cars on our road today than at any other point. Having really shit transport links along doesn't appear to be dissuading anyone from driving but it will be affecting our countries productivity and happiness levels.
Ahhhh remainers still thinking that brexit is about economics. Fucking hilarious.
how well have screeching those baseless accusations been working out for you?
No, but if you were put in a room full of people... And one guy was a murderer... I wouldn't call it a room of murderers. Britain is not racists. There are racists in Britain, There are racists in every country. We have far fewer racists than most countries.
&gt; We hate foreigners, Using the word "Yes" or "No", can you answer the following question. **It is possible to want to control immigration without being a racist?**
Normal.
What alignment does Canada have with the EU? Why should the UK have a worse deal than Canada? That said, I'd support Brexit either way, I don't think "no-deal" would be all that bad.
Well whatever, the people reading our comments can make up their minds and decide what value you've added.
&gt; self align on standards when But again you are holding the UK to a different standard to Canada. Canada is aligned with the USA and makes no attempt to alter that but the EU is fine with it. We shouldn't need to "self align" with the EU; just treat us the exact same way Canada is treat.
Fair, they're pretty hard to count. But surveys of peoples experience of racism in the UK then compared to comparable nations do indicate that we really are not a very racist country. Including the article we are commenting on now.
&gt; Calls to violence and things like death threats are not usually covered. This used to be my stance too. But I've changed since. Quite frank "we" gave people the inch and they've take a mile. People use argument like inciting violence and "shouting fire in a theatre" as justification for further impingement of freedom of speech. As a result I think it's better to just say that all speech should be free. Including incitement of violence. I am not sure how much, if any, real evidence of people having committed violent acts simply because someone told them so exists anyway. Far more likely is indoctrination into radical belief which is far to indirect and nuanced to simply be called incitement. Cut the inch out of the equation, and tell them to fuck off with the mile too.
+250 ahaha
&gt; , it isn’t fair to say that generally we place ourselves outside of the law. Here is the experience that most people will have with travellers if they've had opportunity to encounter them. Overnight a caravan of fibreglass homes pulled by a load of rusty cars which don't look as though they've ever passed an MOT rock up on some public land. Park, School, Square, Playing field. Petty crime &amp; theft in the area increase significantly as do people doing cash in hand (untaxed) work like laying driveways. After a period of time the camp moves on leaving the site they were in an utter biohazard zone for the tax payer to clean up. If 100 travellers turn up, I am sure some non-insignificant number of them are good honest people who respect the environment, but the "pack experience" is always poor.
Who is "LGBT community"; what gives them the authority to speak for all LGBT people? I can't imagine every LGBT person wants to limit our free speech.
Hi, just wondering if you'd had the time to correct some of the inaccuracies in your post?
&gt; Poor British kids don't go to study in EU for free because most of them do not know they have this right No, it's because they can't afford it. Even if the education is free - it's an expensive thing to do upfront and requires skills, such as languages, they are just no equipped with. They can't afford the flights to and from the continent several times a year to see their friends and family. They can't afford the rent upfront, they can't afford to be away from their support networks (friends and family). Education might not be free in the UK, but you pay nothing up front. Everyone can afford to go. The reason poor people don't study abroad has nothing to do with them not know they can. It's an upper-middle class occupation. &gt; I call some Brits little bitches for complaining when things they voted for come to life. I voted to leave. I am not bitching. I am fucking ecstatic. Everything is panning out perfectly. I love Europe, but I hate the EU. &gt; Grow some balls What have I said which suggest I lack balls? I am the one willing to make massive gamble for more freedom. Sounds ballsy to me. &gt; If I hate something, its bullshit and lies. Like the immigrants sponging NHS You fucking love strawmen, I know that much.
Good comparison to Nige'. Achieving your aims is the important thing, not winning point.
Thank you for confirming what we both know. That you're wrong. Have a good evening.
Don't get dizzy from all that spin. I STRONGLY recommend you source your news from a range of sources and perhaps stay off the web for a bit. Your narrative bears no relation to reality.
Were any of them coal? If not where is the hypocrisy? It is absolutely no secret that britain consumes hydrocarbon fuels and it's no secret that we have a medium sized business it sucking oil and gas out of the ground in the North Sea.
if you want to make head and tails of whats going on I would strongly recommend NOT listening to high partisan/anti-brexit output.
Probably because he realises that most people know the difference between relative and absolute poverty. When poverty is not having the latest xbox or not going on X number of foreign holidays a year - I think we can all safely start ignoring this noise.
Well okay, but I'd probably stop projecting nonsense you've heard from the very deep end as though it's common opinion. Have a good day.
Because less Sikh comment, LF is far more in-tune with the public than those who are calling him a racist and a sexist. I think the Sikh comment is a total misstep by Fox, it's not the hill he wants to die on, and I am glad he apologised for it.
I consider myself Social liberal (not progressive) and fiscally conservative. But I wasn't speaking for myself, I am a prime candidate for Fox's views, I know loads of people of all sorts of politics who don't believe Britain is racist and sexist. It is literally just "woke" "progressives" who believe that - you can't honestly believe that "woke progressive" is a synonym for "left" - do you?
Or it's just the right thing to do!?
And the limit on the power of kettles and vacuums.
Interesting, roughly the same amount that the IMF and BoE said it was overvalues by.
The heel draggers of the last 4 years only have themselves to blame. They could have supported May's attempt at a soft Brexit. They could have supported their own sort of brexit in indicative voting. But no, they gambled the house on stopping it altogether and in return they have a PM they despise and the Brexit they really do not want. Hilarious.
You mean Veee-ghan?
&gt; My parents got it up til about 2016 and it definitely had Eurosceptic columnists Sure, and presenting a range of opinions on a matter is a GOOD THING for a newspaper.
&gt; Say some reprehensible shit you cant defend? What reprehensible shit is that? Please, I am serious. Saying that you think it's important to protect womens only spaces may well be controversial but "reprehensible shit". Come on. &gt; Meanwhile transgendered people are victims of violence every day compared to people like this. Two wrongs? Also why should physical violence mean that somebody else's speech, especially an academics, be limited? As Franklin said: *"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety"* &gt; Sums up terfs nicely Where in the article does it say that she is a radical feminist? Or are you just inferring that from the fact she wants to protect women's spaces? I am not a RadFem but I can see the value in having gender segregated spaces. And I can also understand that on occasion there is a need to make the distinction between biological sex and assumed gender. Prisons, Sports &amp; refuges come to mind. &gt; It's just scumbags looking for the last remaining humans they can shit on You realise you've whipped yourself up into a frenzy, calling an academic a "reprehensible shit talking scumbag" simply for airing a different opinion. &gt; if you're a marginalised part of society someone is attacking you constantly- and then acting like the victim. Ergo; we should threaten those with differences of opinion until they need to have personal security. Cool, really made society better there. &gt; Just another hateful woman because she has a different opinion to you? &gt; no one has ever actually done anything to Therefore is not allowed an opinion on controversial topic? &gt; acting like a victim so she cant be criticised. This is about people vocal objecting to her, people have made actual threats of violence and she now needs to have physical protection. ...No offence, but it sounds to me that you want to live in a society that has blasphemy type laws surrounding the trans issues. You can not descent from the state approved line and to do so means you deserve whatever you get. I seriously hope you are in a very small, but painfully vocal, minority with these views.
He keeps picking those 10/10s!
Nah, we "showed you" on in June 2016 and then again in december 2019. Next weekend been a long time coming!
Doubt it.
I must have missed it, what policy is that? The side bar still says: &gt; The following types of posts **are allowed** (unless they cross into grossly offensiveness, repetitiveness, or cover for disallowed content as described in the previous paragraph): discussion of immigration, multiculturism, etc., insults, offensiveness, discussion of trans hetero homo issues.
We've not left yet right? The EU is slowing to crawl and it's dragging us down with them
Wow, almost as though we've just had a non functioning majority in parliament with MPs constantly trying to derail brexit for the last 3 years!
Should we also fly the NATO and WTO flags from our government buildings? The only reason we ever did was because we were in a Political Union with the EU, something that will no longer be true.
Ok, whatever, believe what you like. NI is going anywhere.
Donations "took a nose dive" after everyone who was ever going to donate had donated. Also after the first few days it did start too look as though even if we did raise the money it wouldn't go ahead. If you *want* to donate to Help For Heroes you might as well go direct.
Oh please. If the Tories used that logic then they'd never have won the Red Wall seats.
Where in my comment did I express outrage? I just asked what's wrong with that?
that what?
Why? If they put RLB in charge, Labour may actually be less popular - because it proves that they just aren't listening.
&gt; Except under Blair crime, NHS waiting times, and poverty all decreased Blair resided over and period of unprecedented growth, and still managed to spend so much that he wracked up a massive deficit and screwed of the future with PFI deals. It's not had to improve some KPIs if you are willing to break the bank to do so. By comparison, the Tories took over and instituted a period of austerity. Of course you won't be able to compete on those same KPIs if you then stop all of the unmanageable borrowing. However, on things like social policies the Tories definitely moved to the left under Cameron and now even appear to be doing so fiscally under Boris.
Perhaps if you stop lumping "them" altogether you might get somewhere. I voted to leave and I don't give a fuck what colour skin migrants have.
&gt; Labour borrowed less than their Tory predecessors Ah the old conflation of debt and deficit. Labour entered government in 1997 with a relatively small deficit (the deficit did grow to cator for the early 90s slow down). But by the time they left office the deficit was huge. https://external-preview.redd.it/L0OAcq2FFAl-9Qd2cb2Z2IEfkvjblEv-AUmqUXnr98M.jpg?width=1024&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=2bb3b426bd8c9c9ede3a23c80ed0e5b96df6daca
It's not unique to the UK though. Go have a look at any country where the catholic church is the a major form of christianity and see how well they are doing.
The majority of people in the UK don't want free movement with anywhere.
&gt; Which is why we need to be investing now for what we will need in 20-30 years, not so that we remain decades behind requirements. Even then, you can't magic "space" out of nowhere. Many people do not want to live cheek by jowl with one another. &gt; Why welcome immigrtants if you want to take away their culture? Should all indians leave behind their cusine or faith? Because the country is not self sufficient in skills and we should want to attract the best skills we can. That does not mean we should have an open door to unskilled migrants. It's about getting the balance right. &gt; you want to take away their culture? I don't. I never said that. An immigration can embrace the culture of their host nation without having to have their own culture "taken away". &gt; Should all indians leave behind their cusine or faith? No, they needn't. But when you end up with ghettoisation it's not wrong to say that this isn't working as well as it should. &gt; As well as Britons excluding foreigners, wanting nothing to do with them and much preferring them to go live in ghettos rather than welcoming them as neighbours. I don't think that is fair. It's not about those people not being welcoming to forieigners, it's about them feeling as though they are a minority in their own country. &gt; See Farage and his ilk with 'Romanian neighbours'. Actual quote: &gt; "I was asked if a group of Romanian men moved in next to you, would you be concerned? And if you lived in London, I think you would be." https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27459923 I agree with him. I live next to a bunch of Romanians who hot bunked the 3 bedroom house with over 20 people. Mattresses lining the floor of the living room. People coming and going at all times of day. Weird visits from what I can only describe as a mafia arriving in fleets blacked out BMWs etc... Yeah sorry if it upsets you that people don't want to live next to that. &gt; Investment in unskilled UK labourers to offer them to chance to upskill or to invest in industries/areas where they are so they don't need to move to other areas in pursuit of work. Yeah this is where we start getting into fantasy land shit. If we create a load of new semi-skilled jobs, then all that will happen with FoM is that Europeans will just come and undercut them at those too. It's only skilled jobs where competition from migrants actually helps rather than hinders.
right well I am done. You're just attacking me for defending something which to me is obviously true - that British people on the whole do not like . Freedom of Movement. In fact the vast majority of the world does not. You might not be convinced by the arguments, that's fine, that's why you have a different opinion.
A 10min walk in Manchester would see you pass at least 4 gregs.
&gt; They voted for Brexit and the Tories they are obviously think. &gt; They need to be re-educated. They are obviously *think*, are they? They need reeducating, obviously. (Also you should not use "They" as the first introduction to the subject of a sentence - they? who?).
Please tell me you understand that Google results are highly curated depending on your browsing history and the data that google have on you. A staunch remainers searches results/autocomplete are going to differ wildly from Boris's - especially when googling about Boris and Brexit. &gt; This isn't some "light hearted fun" video. It's literal propaganda. Oh please. You're fucking hysterical.
I just think if you are going to go around calling people "think" you should take a long hard look at yourself first. You mind me of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEaEBmpu-4o
But the patents don't contain clauses like "Must have back door to chinese government". Which is where the issue lies.
&gt; You have been misinformed if you think article 13 was positive for civil liberties. Re-read what I wrote. I am saying that all of the fear mongering regarding Boris is turning out to not be true. I fucking hate A13 too, I agree with you.
&gt; The issue is that the EU want full reg alignment so it not only affects the standards we use to trade in the EU but also the standards we use to make stuff to trade with other countries. Does that apply to Canada or not? Last time I check Canada has tariff free trade with the EU but is regulatory aligned primarily with the USA&gt;
It's one year, a stepping stone. I fail to see the issue. On the other hand, if Corbyn had had his way, then this is exactly the sort of position the UK would have found itself in permanently with a Corbyn deal. In the institutions but off the table.
yeah I am in a similar vain. Luckily I avoid London like the plague, but the one time I did visit I got slapped with an 80quid fine.
Yep, he also signalled that he will curtail the use of sin-taxes like Sugar tax and minimum alcohol pricing. If that does turn out to be true, then I hope he stays in power for as long as possible. Extra points if he starts reversing some of that bullshit.
&gt; By the same token the EU can apply tariffs if it wants, As is there right, as can we. &gt; which probably amounts to no FTA By definition. &gt; The question is whether the EU intends to treat the UK differently to any other country in this regard I fail to see any compelling reason why the UK need be treat any differently to Canada - at least if the EU are being pragmatic. If they are being vindictive then well I guess anything is on the cards . - but I have no reason believe they will).
IDK why don't you ask /u/katiewritescode to whom I was replying. They brought it up and I've replied to their message. Don't want to talk about, then wind your neck in.
On in the same that we we "double bureaucracy" now with our single best trading nation - the USA.
Not they didn't.
What workers rights has he "gutted"?
Ok, none. Got it.
Which is why I said: &gt; Purely hypothetically Also EU regs apply to all members states. There are not specific regs for specific countries - that would defeat the point.
Names don't mean a lot. Antifa are supposed to be anti-fascist. But I am not sure they know the meaning of the word. There is nothing "Just" about replacing one form of discrimination with another.
Way to gloss over my concrete examples of antifa "protesting" against things that have fuck all to do with facism. In fact the desire to police thought, to shut down free speech and their blase use of violence makes them come across more fascist than thee people they are targeting. They are thugs. &gt; Battle of Cable Street Yes, probably. Being an actual fascist is as morally dispicable - but violence is not the solution - and attacking the police who are only doing their jobs, their job to protect peoples right to march is pretty thuggish. &gt; The demonstrators fought back with sticks, rocks, chair legs and other improvised weapons. Rubbish, rotten vegetables and the contents of chamber pots were thrown at the police by women in houses along the street Yeah, of course I don't fucking support that. But the very least at least those anti-fascist were actually protesting against real fascist. Rees Mogg is in no way shape or form comparable to Oswald Mosley.
I consider respecting democracy to be much "Nicer" than calling voters "thick" and spitting in their eyes. &gt; The Right never won an election by being nice. And the left is never going to win by being bitter and angry - are they?
More than I trust the mob. Yes. You are literally advocating mob rule. Mob rule is simply a test of who has the more thugs, not who is right.
&gt; Anti-fascists discriminate against people who choose to support and propagate a hateful genocidal ideology. The only problem is that Antifas idea of who "propagate a hateful genocidal ideology" is utterly bollocks and basically boils down to "People we disagree with". &gt; If you can't see a moral difference between these two then you should probably do some reading on the subject. I totally see a problem with mob rule. I'd rather have a few nazis kicking around and live in a country where we have free speech and don't have to worry about being taken out by the mob than live in your idea of how a society should operate.
ok whatever, I am done with you. Enjoy being a perputual loser and enjoy friday night.
It's reminder of who they are there to serve. Not pointless.
can tell.
Railways, fine - maybe. But nationalising Royal Mail or the PO is a terrible idea. Snail mail is a denying force and there are better ways of shipping parcels now. All we'd be doing is the socialising the losses of a failing business.
1. Mass exodus of bankers from London 2. GSaches, JPMorgan moving out of london 3. 500,000 unemployed in the 2 years after a vote to leave 4. Recession unemployed in the 2 years after a vote to leave 5. Chorlinated chicken 6. "Selling off the NHS" 7. Fishing rights will be the first head on the block 8. .... &gt; N.b the immediate recession was one of 5 possible scenarios that leavers jumped on whilst ignoring the others. Can you please specify which part of this report said it was only 1 of 5 scenarios? https://www.gov.uk/government/news/britain-to-enter-recession-with-500000-uk-jobs-lost-if-it-left-eu-new-treasury-analysis-shows
&gt; the eu and remain were treated as scapegoats, because they could be. You do realise I consider this a benefit of leaving? Our government can no longer pass the book. &gt; Why was farage ever given so much airtime? Because he is an excellent orator who is able to capture the zeitgeist of normal people far better than an career politician can dream of.
&gt; He's an awful leader Opinion. &gt; and a weak man Opinion. I bet you thought the same thing in summer 2019. And you were out of step then too. &gt; just optimism "Just" optimism. Lol. People like optimism, that's why Obama's HOPE campaign resonated with people. People are not interested in the status quo which they do not see as working nor are they interested in managed decline. ... But the truth is politics is multidimensional. I voted for Boris in 2019, and if push came to shove I'd vote for him again now. I don't think our government have done great on C19, but I don't think any of the other parties would have done much better; possible worse. But I still care just as much about Brexit as I did in 2019 and 2016, and quite frankly I don't trust labour to deliver with what we voted for given their absolute insult that was their 2019 Brexit policy and the way their MPs conducted themselves over the preceding 4 years.
Tells you all you need to know about this sub, I still get downvoted for rely facts.
I don't know when 100k was. But I remember the 2010 and 2015 elections. The 2010 was genuinely a melting pot of ideas. 2015 was really when it crossed over into total hysteria and "Tory Bad".
Still a strawman, you've just just added a load of hyperbole too.
1. This is not like Count Dankula, I genuinely and honest can not see what he did wrong. Unless we also think that John Cleese goosestepping in Fawlty Towers should also be a criminal offense. 2. The precedent are the idiots who set a model of Grenfell on fire in their back yard. 2. However, I agree, whilst this *is* morally repellant - this should *not* be a crime.
&gt; just thought it was a bit weird that you came after me for having opinions on a forum. I didn't come after you, you asked for an opinion: &gt; What do even Tories see in Johnson these days? And I gave you the answer. &gt; I feel like there are plenty of Tories who could be offering stronger, more articulate leadership at a time of national and global crisis Possibly, but those same people (in the Tory party and the opposition) failed to step up to the plate re. Brexit and either tried a compromise position (May), an attempt to wriggle out of it (Starmer) or complete denial of the vote (Swinson). The truth is people, like me, are not going to give up on the things we otherwise care about because there is a pandemic going on, especially given how hard we've had to fight to get it through the thick skulls of those in parliament that we actually want the very thing we voted for over the last 4 years. &gt; He's burned through an immense amount of political capital in 6 month I don't think so. I think he's burned a lot over the last 2 months. He was generally doing alright before C19, and the first month or so of real action he had support. In the last month or two he has come under intense scrutiny. &gt; earned by him as much as his party's shift in policy to Get Brexit Done Counter reality. If something damaged the Tory party it was the Tories under Theresa May. Go and have a look at the 2017 election results, the 2019 European Parliament results and then compare them to the 2019 General election result. If something damaged the Tory party its not Boris. Boris pisses off people who'd never consider voting for him anyway. &gt; To me, it must be his totemic optimism because he doesn't offer an awful lot else Optimism is not nothing, in fact its a lot. People looked at labour (and May!) and it was all negativity, doom, gloom, self loathing... which manifested itself in an acceptance of managed decline and at the very best becoming a vassal state of the EU. Don't like Boris? Provide a better alternative. I am not seeing one. &gt; Brexit was a vote to travel to an undefined destination, that's a statement of fact. Whether or not that is true I think there is no doubt that the public has given the stamp of approval to Boris plan forward in he 2019 General Election. If it wasn't already clear enough from the 2019 EU parliament election. &gt; positive, viable alternative as they have at attacking the EU You're not listening then. We want a free trade deal with the EU whilst remaining outside of its institutions. Like Canada. Thats what Boris wanted, thats what Farage wanted, that what I wanted. &gt; May realised the enormity of getting it right, but personally I don't think Johnson does. So she didn't, she failed to see that she trigged a death spiral from nearly day one and couldn't get out of it.
If somebody asks you to explain yourself, and you have a convenient excuse or 'gotcha' it doesn't really matter if you actually believe it - you'll use it. I don't really believe that Cummings did anything as bad as people are making out, but if the police started pestering me about my activities I might be inclined to wheel the excuse out.
I wouldn't trust twitter, that sounds like something an idiot would do.
It doesn't really matter whether they care, it's still better than stuffing money in their coffers.
52% percent of the active franchise. Labours 2019 Brexit policy sought to deny them the very thing we voted for. I honestly care more about that then the potential difference in handling of C19 - which, to be honest, I don't think Labour would have done all that much better.
&gt; ere is literally evidence out there that points in the direction of Labour handling this pandemic better, evidence that is building up on a day basis How can you have evidence of an alternative timeline? Going off talk of what an MP said? Talk is cheap. Or are assuming that because the Tories made a mistake, gaff or scandal that Labour wouldn't or wouldn't have made their own? &gt; Sure, them having the leavers of power could change things but there's not much reason to believe that it would. Who is 'them', the Tories or Labour? TBH I don't think any party would of handled it much better than the other. I think the UK has handled it badly because with have what I consider to be an obscenely high population density, a centralised health care system, an Ageing and diverse population and no domestic testing industry. The minutia of when we went into lockdown and how hard the lockdown was to me seems like tinkering around the edges. The biggest fault I've seen so far (and it's a biggy) is the prioritisation of the NHS over the care system - but I have no reason to believe that Labour would have dealt with that any different.
And what evidence is there that Labour or anyone else would have done any better? I think the vast majority of the deaths are a function of our population size, density, average age; the fact we have a centralised health care system and the fact we don't have a domestic testing system (like germany).
Pack it in, the vandals didn't have a fucking clue of the cultural significance of what they're were doing. They're ignorant self entitled prick.
Somebod correct me if I am wrong here. The recent bills in parliament do not mean for one second that the UK will allow lower standard products in from the USA. As things stands, bill or no bill, trade deal or no trade deal, the US imports would have to meet British standards. The amendments to the bill were basically simply there to tie the hands of the British government for even discussing standards. I don't see why the british government would accept that.
Where the fuck were the police?
&gt; He’s cancelled. Says all we need to know about you.
Weak shit. I just saw the lead officer basically defend and I even say condone the protesters. I personally think it's fucking pathetic. I hope he loses his job. Rewriting history helps nobody.
That you think cancellation is a valid "tactic", rather than dialogue and debate. Cancel culture is an absolute cancer and the opposite of liberalism.
That's a nice argument to make to the town council, not for a mob to rip it down without a civil dialogue.
Wrong. Smart Arse. The EU didn't exist until 1992. We've been in he European Community since '73.
Think what you like, but yesterday was the day the public opinion turned on this movement.
He is *the* reason Europe isn't dominated by Fascist strong men. Are you pro fascist mate? Sounds like you are.
&gt; He did leed britain through a crisis, and boy could we do with a leader now. He didn't lead us through a crisis, that totally belittles what he did. He lead us into a crisis to defeat fascism in Europe. Other political leaders at the time wanted to stay the hell out of it and let the continent get on with it. For that there is no applause great enough. &gt; He knowingly contributed to the bengali famine (3 million dead) and was a known racist. Citation needed. &gt; known racist No more than anyone else of the era. Should we celebrate nobody from our past?
This sub isn't much better.
Serious. Perhaps if you agree with the zeitgeist of this sub it doesn't appear so pathetic, but you try discussing something that isn't Tory Bad, Brexit bad and see how well it goes down here.
Sorry you are still not making a bit of sense, unless you are trying to suggest that the Maastrict Treaty didn't make the blindest bit of difference to the EC/EU. It was not simply a name change, it was a fundamental change in the organisation. So let's stop talking about vagaries, which piece of EU legislation ensured that flags should be fire retardant and what year was it introduced?
Well, I feel sorry for your world view. It's sad. I think you just under estimate how bleak things were at the time of WWII. Europe was largely dominated by totalitarian states. Churchill's actions marked a turning point. And end to Hitler and end to Mussolini and eventually an end to Franco.
&gt; The reality is that boris has gone back on his word. He said we wouldn't allow it in the uk and it is in plans To be honest I don't really have a problem with that. The fear is that US corps are going to under cut out own products by cutting corners in animal welfare. That won't happen under a dual tariff scheme. &gt; So yeah lets go with a no deal and see how it goes I'd rather have a deal, but not if it means we have to accept EU jurisdiction over what happens in our own borders and seas when not even dealing with the EU. Fuck that, we left the EU for a reason. It seems as though the EU are insisting on us being a vassal state for us to have a deal... not interested. &gt; Please see the values of Labour 2020 which are vastly different from Labour 2019. You've literally stuck that man who who developed the 2019 Brexit policy in charge of the party. When I hear the apology I will genuinely consider voting for them. I like Keir in many regards other than that one. &gt; But in my perspective i see a more divided country and becoming extremely xenophobe, and that is why i vote differently. I am sorry you think that. I don't know how old you are, but I've notice a marked reduction in the use of racist language and what is consider acceptable and not since the 90s and now. I don't think there has been much change over the last 9 years. Racism wasn't acceptable in 2011, and it isn't acceptable now.
Of course they can. Communists do it all the time. But Churchill didn't create the Bengal Famine. I did he act perfectly? Probably not. ~~He was~~ We were concentrating on the war effort, you might not have noticed but we were fighting to save a continent from fascism.
How's is it any different to Charlie Gilmour?
Literally desecration of the graves of those who fought to rid our continent of fascism. Bravo.
&gt; "Less racist" or even "least racist" doesn't mean "not racist". Something being illegal doesn't mean it doesn't happen. How do you define "not racists". 0 Racists in the entire nation?
Well I am glad you admit it at least. Personally I think the user you were responding to is correct. I don't see the need for your repsonse.
He was responding to questioning, not virtue signalling.
No, they seem to be saying others can DO whatever they like, just they should try and compel or coerce them into thinking that way too.
The isn't the question, at all. The question is what do you do with the parts of our history that are no longer acceptable. Statues not only records the people they depict, but they also highlight public sentiment at a point in time. We erase history at our peril. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_Olds
Doesn't work. They want to be recognised as the gender they identify. Doublethink has to ensue.
&gt; The existence of men who menstruate would disagree with that statement Men can literally can not menstruate. You might not like that literal definition but it is what it is, and JKR is technically correct. **man**: *an adult human male.* **male**: *of or denoting the sex that produces gametes, especially spermatozoa, with which a female may be fertilized or inseminated to produce offspring.* People are going to object if you are going to redefine words without any sort of dialog on the matter. Like how people have also tried to redefine racism. It's Maoist.
It's gotta be like Hogwarts for the Mericans and Chinese students, got to justify those fees somehow.
that flies both ways though doesn't. They're not really oppressing anyone either.
UKTV is the BBC. We should be aware of that, it's not some small satellite TV channel.
That's so sad they have to do that.
Fully
What did he do, that was any worse than what Cleese did? Come on. Be specific. He mocked Nazi's by getting his dog to act like long. I wouldn't call my dog Nelson Mandela because I have respect of Mandela. The just was to make the dog as awful as possible because his GF thought it was really cute. How did he choose to make it awful, by making it act like a Nazi, that joke doesn't work if you don't think Nazis are awful.
Some do. plenty do not.
thats a bit of revisionism. It's not as though he was thrown under the bus by liberals then sought Robinson the next day. He was thrown under the bus and jumped on (rightly) the free speech train, which is a cause that unites all sorts of people.
&gt; Well he wasn't right to jump on that train but even if he was Why is he not right to jump on the free speech train. I certainly say I am on it, what I am doing wrong? &gt; you can argue for something without hanging around with racists That is noensense. When I marched against the Iraq war, the the Free Palestine brigade would always turn up. We both shared the belief that the Iraq war was wrong. But I don't share all their views on Israel - I'd argue that I met a number of anti-semmites in their ranks. It doesn't mean I regret attending anti war demos.
I've heard that Grand Wizard Ricky Gervais also supported him.
I wish I knew exactly what the Black Lives Matter protests actually stood for. I am against police brutality and unfairly targeting any persons for any reason. But I am definitely against criminal damage, revision, whitewashing, censorship and self-flaggelation.
&gt; Brexit has always been an English affair but now even the Welsh have grown tried of it. How do you figure that? The Welsh voted to leave. Their political class treat them with contempt.
Better ban rap too then.
Firstly, fuck twitter. Secondly, did they say whether they are still using those words today? We can't base what comedy is and isn't allowed based what 8 year olds do. And any remake you just said about Cleese and his comedy could be said about lyrics in Rap. Often lyrics which use the word Nigger are the strongest and most powerful and get a raise out of us. An 8 year might hear those and decide that they're going to use those words too. Children are allowed to fuck up, they don't know better, it only takes an adult to tell them why thats wrong and put them straight. Kids are going to hear those words eventually. Can't shield them for life. &gt; because the words raised such a response of laughter in their parents The humour derived to the adults is far more important than worry about 8 year olds using bad words.
Ok, lets use the word lunatic fringe. Not a lot better.
&gt; There is no Them. . &gt; Just lots of really cringey poorly informed bigots melting under the slightest heat like a chocolate teapot. contradiction.
&gt; He hated the poor, the left, remainers, and women The link you cited doesn't make this point. Can you cite it? That's pretty slanderous.
Wow, respect for Nandy totally lost now. I supported her bit to be labour leader as she was the only candidate who seemed to "get" brexit. But sorry, this is insane.
Is this not because A LOT of millionaires will be retired older people - who 'worth' is in their asset value (ie houses)?
&gt; Shows how complicated these issues are, even stuff like equal pay is INCREDIBLY difficult to deal with when you actually look at the reasons for it. Men doing overtime, women do more part time, men and women getting equal hourly but on average earn less because more hours worked, etc, etc. Men &amp; women are on average going to accrue experience at very different rates as well which will lead to mens pay pull ahead.
Just to be clear, that wasn't the competitors who did that, that was the governing bodies and anti doping agencies. it's not like females competitors got together in a room and decided that testosterone should be the measure and therefore thus they only have themselves to blame. It's a subtle difference.
This is daft. By this logic we shouldn't separate men and women in the first place. Which in reality means women could compete competitively - at all.
Barring any actual evidence, "obviously". Evidence actually suggests otherwise. The real reason people, like myself, voted to leave was because of matter pertaining to Soverignty. As this post referendum poll puts it "the principle that decisions about the UK should be taken in the UK"... ie Take Back Control. https://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/
Precisely. TBH knowing a thing or two about planes, 1mil actually sounds... kinda cheap.
Prize selection of layabout hanging outside parliament I see. Hopefully the protestor will be charged for the damage to the vehicle and any injuries sustained.
ok?
&gt; What price were you willing to accept for sovereignty though? A fairly high one. Also I don't accept that Brexit is anywhere near as expensive as you think it is. We were told it'd cause a recession, I was pretty happy with that as a cost. It never caused a recession. In fact we had continued growth. &gt; I myself weighed up all the pros and cons at the time of voting and also put sovereignty into the pro list for voting leave. However, I also noted that there was a huge price to pay for sovereignty as my con list was a bit more padded out and I came to the conclusion that the trade off just wasn't justified. That's fine. I don't think there is anything wrong with voting for remain. I nearly did myself. I was worried I'd lose my job along with the 500,000 other who were supposed to be sacked on a "vote to leave". But on after weighing it up, on balance I came to a difference decision to you. &gt; aining back sovereignty worth the pain of brexit? I don't think it is at all fair to suggest that the pain of the last four years is the fault of those who voted to leave. It is the fault of politicians who refused to accept the outcome. &gt; e goalposts change day to day it seems and the control we're gaining isn't really there Wrong. I appreciate it's been a long time now, but you can go back 4 years and see that I was advocating a CETA type deal, and that's still what I advocate. I'd take No-deal over BrINO or remain too. &gt; I'm not sure the sovereignty is all it's cracked up to be. Cool, but that's a minority opinion.
Them concept of sovereignty in isolation. It's clearly a concept you don't understand to have to come to the conclusions you have.
Good lord, you need to get our of your echo chamber. You have an insanely skewed world view.
On balance I'd rather have a "lying clown" who will respect the outcome of an act of democracy. Then knowingly vote for somebody who seeks to rob me of my franchise. If you voted to leave or you believe that the results of referenda should be upheld in a democracy there was only one party to vote for.
Why wouldn't they have a lead? They're the only party who come close to really accepting the outcome of the 2016 referendum.
They're not. They're racist words being used to express a non-racist view. It's the same as how Nigger and Wog were used in Fawlty Towers, or in this message. The words alone do not make a racist. In Fawlty towers it was meant to lampoon racists. In Boris Johnson's piece he used picannny to invoke a sense of colonialism to criticise the way in which Blair went galavanting around the world as though he owned it. It is if any anything anti-racist (or at least anti-imperialist). Same for his letterboxes comment, the point he was making is that this attire does make many feel uncomfortable but that we shouldn't be dictating what women and can not wear in a liberal society. These are moderate points, Liberal if nothing else.
You're entitled to your opinion too.
Because it largely doesn't exist. Most of whats called systemic racism are actually class issue. It just so happens that black people are more likely to be working class. Other ethnicities, which correlate with other social classes, seem far less effected by these issues.
Well they should definitely apologise. For cultural appropriation though? **No** ~~idea~~. FTFY
cool I hope those MEPs representing the German industrial towns are the support of their people too.
But is that not because it was put to a vote (of councillors) and they voted against it?
&gt; My argument is I've often laughed out loud at women, both women I know, just talking to them, and stand up comedians. Hitchens didn't deny that funny women exist. &gt; will however agree that for men it's a much more important thing That was Hitchens argument. &gt; He makes some harsh comments, but he makes some fair ones too, the comedy industry is a bearpit and you have to play by men's rules, so its a toxic and intimidating industry for women more than men, I'd say. It probably can be a bit toxic, but if the alternative is for us to have "unfunny" comedians then so be it. I used to watch BBC panel programs. Like Mock the week. Which used to be fucking hilarious and then they starting fixing the panels and it just became really tame and drab. You knew, before, that if a women had made it onto the panel it was because they'd risen to the top. Anyway you've not really countered Hitchen's point, you've basically confirmed it. You're just arguing the semantics of the obviously provocative headline.
That boring. If you didn't find the joke funny you didn't need to comment; just scroll on. I thought it was funny.
All of the recent discussion on race, in the UK, are actually class issues. Forcing it down the race route is just going to leave some (white working boys, namely) even further behind.
The treasury is predicting "slightly lower growth after 15 years" for Brexit now, note "Lower Growth" not "recession". C19 as already massively increased public sector debt and our economy could shrink by a number between 10 and 40 percent in a single year.
&gt; I love how the Right turned on Morgan. What planet are you on?
Remain probably would win yes. Because they'd be a massive boycott of the vote. Labour wanted us to chose between Remain and a terrible BrINO that they themselves wouldn't even support. Good luck leading a country after that happened.
Bollocks. Set the USD-GBP graph to something more than a week and you'll see its not been "stable" for far longer than the time line of Brexit. This is just disingenuous.
Stupid was passing the Lisbon and Maastrict treaties without consulting the people, mate.
I aren't, I assure you.
Does matter, we voted to leave, not for a specific trade deal. Leave voters overwhelming voted for the Brexit Party who stood on a hard line no deal position this time last year, and we voted against for Boris's government on the grounds that we leave with or without a deal.
Ermm he said: &gt; right-wing **socially conservative** And you said: &gt; social policies to the left They re not the same.
bit weird to have different scales for Scotland and the rest of the UK on different scales. Why does scotlands scale go up to 160/auth vs 80/auth for the rest of the UK, despite the fact that it doesn't appear as though scotland goes above 40. Looks like somebody is trying to make it look as though scotland is doing better.
Conflating a Treaty between two sovereign nations with the Treaties that exist to expand the power and remit of political union is just intellectually dishonest.
&gt; you don't give the slightest shit about 'sovereignty' or being a total hypocrite. Okay dude. I can see your not here for a constructive debate. You just want somebody to project your strawmen onto, well it's not going to be me. Chill out a bit would you?
The tactics that Cambridge Analytica used were really not any different to what the Obama election campaign used.
&gt; People will say that it wasn’t racist because she doesn’t have any institutional power Those people need to learn what racism is.
This reminds me about what Blair said about short questions and long questions. The question is basically "Would you like a fair more representative system?", which the short answer is obvious "yes". But it neglects to account for all of the details that go long with that. Which would be the long conversation discussing the pros and cons of each approach. After which some people will move from support to oppose if only for the "it's not worth the hassle" reason.
only a couple of weeks ago, I believe, the guardian were saying the project was as good as dead and a national embarrassment.
