Yeah like people are free to enjoy bouncy castles, but I'd rather a uni use resources on so many other things to tackle these same issues, just seems like virtue signalling.
I'd imagine at Yale that's already ubiquitous, but at a less prestigious school I think that'd unironically be far more helpful.
The thing is by making it all these things that are associated with being a young child you're kind of selling it that way, certainly there's something implicitly there. And I don't even have a problem with having an event made for students to eat snacks and talk and draw together, I think that's super good, it's just the way it's being advertised I think isn't healthy.
Sure, but I'd still consider paleoconservatives conservatives despite my disagreements with them on many, many issues. I don't think you can gatekeep conservatism off just two economic issues.
Graham without a doubt doesn't care at all about abortion as an issue, I'm glad he's not pretending to here.
These are albums that weren't the pioneering records of a genre though, at least the one's I'm familiar with like Yes and MGMT were both already popular and making the same style of music before they were made.
Good counterexample! Electric Warrior and Is This It are also two of my favorite albums ever, so there are a few exceptions, but recently I've been very underwhelmed by pioneering records.
Or he did think it through and thought it was worth it still. I assure you it was planned for all sorts of different possible responses to doing this.
Anti imperialist warriors!
As in you've asked out a friend had it not work out and still are friends? I'm not saying it's a sure way to kill a friendship, just that after that things to change. Could even be for the better, but once you ask them out something about the nature of your relationship with them fundamentally changes.
There can be in some areas but of course how much an effect on sustainability growth has is gonna pretty heavily depend on what specific sector is being grown and where. And because of that the issue becomes a lot more complicated than the public at large can really have an honest conversation about. Imo best to just look at the most harmful areas and try to get public opposition to those than get an anticapitalist type sustainability since technology advancing will also counter some problems so the growth based approach is better as a whole.
I mean that isn't even anti-natalist at that point since you can judge that their lack of consent is meaningless here or that you think you'll raise them in a way that gives them a great life and it's not a problem. Why does the consent of someone incapable of ever saying yes or no matter? In the end you're the one making the decision anyways. Like if you want to argue an antinatalist position the whole consent thing seems like just the dumbest angle to use but that's apparently the best material you guys have or something.
Supporting a free trade agreement's ratification is literally what being good on trade results in. Brown and Klobuchar probably just support it because the unions supported this one and have opposed others. Warren is ideologically a lot more protectionist and into closed economies though for example. Bernie is the same he said he wouldn't support it instead flat out and he's the only one to say that I've seen.
Yeah either way Scott was a solid candidate, but Nelson easily would've won if he just did that one thing considering the margins.
My understanding is that kind of like Trump supporters voting for the tax cuts, people did the same with Modi, but again similar to Trump you didn't get the typical right wing opening up to trade and whatnot for economic growth, Trump actively closed the economy, but Modi just kept the status quo for the most part while still having pro business rhetoric and all. I'm not indian though, others here could better tell if this is or isn't true.
She's a good writer and got a lot of the best producers to work with her on songs. Dedicated doesn't have as good a producer working on most of the tracks (he though before Dedicated he had some exceptional songs), so that's why the songs on there that still have top tier production talent like Jack Antonoff on Want You in My Room really stand out.
Yeah but they're brown people so they don't count?
I mean she either thinks that or just takes Iranian government statements at face value. Both are pretty incriminating for a member of congress.
I mean the same is the case for all Israel's neighbors, Lebanon gets antagonism from us already just because terror groups within their borders, Egypt doesn't want to antagonize us and they've generally been decent to Israel over their history. That proximity keeps them from being like a KSA though in terms of anti Semitic vitriol put out by the government.
I don't mind attacks on Fox News' cable news stuff at all, but a lot of left of center people will say even WSJ is unreliable because Murdoch owns it, which is ironic because they do better journalism than anyone else in America those left leaning people would read.
At the same time every month you're sure to get a picture of pre revolution Iranian women being hot to the front page and thirsty redditors mourning the loss of 40 years of pictures like that.
What the heck SF to Osaka the cheapest I could find was still more than that. I'm surprised it's not north korean air or something if it's that cheap
He's the worst
It's literally called the L train though, can't imagine that bodes well for any romantic escapades undertaken on it
That would require he be in a debate with Pete first off
Pressley and AOC swap
I mean I gave up before getting to med school but I don't think any of the really smart premed people who I'd think made it in were communists. Maybe a few Bernie supporters, but for the most part it was a much left left wing group as the people I've taken IR classes with.
If Trump's pitch is I will do lots of racism, Bernie's pitch is I will do lots of socialism, Trump had plenty of specifics he advocated for.
Warren is also very much a dove, and even Biden was the dovish one under Obama. Bernie's biggest difference is he wants a closer relationship with the Latin American left and Warren wants more just neutrality on a bunch of stuff.
VP choice should only ever be political, Castro doesn't make any ticket stronger
This one is biased towards people who democrats actually want to be president
/r/teenagers is nonce central though
Probably the most feasible path to an actual two state solution is Israel annexing them and then an independence referendum later on. Little desire for two state seems present among either of the parties.
I'm not advocating it, just saying it seems most likely. Do you have a citation for two state being preferred among Palestinians? My understanding is that it's more a political thing that leaders say they want a single state than actually the desire, kind of like how Israeli leaders say that still too. Even what consists a "two state solution" seems to be very different between either side.
Nah he can win Iowa and if he does that he totally has a shot. I don't want him to win, but it's possible.
Which are they protesting now, Israel or their own government?
No I totally prefer Ba'athism to Wahhabiism, if there was a Ba'athist movement in KSA at the time, it was totally an awful call to choose Wahhabiism to counter communism. Relying on highly ideological religious extremists is never a good long term strategy since they're not controllable.
Yeah UK didn't do as good a job with this stuff as we did and Iran was mostly us following their lead IIRC. I at least understand the communism hysteria though.
I don't like Nixon for his policy (or at least foreign policy, I'm not a realist) but rather the way in which he managed the presidency. He had a lot of great domestic policy, but for the most part left domestic policy to congress to spearhead and would work with them on a need be basis while surrounding himself with foreign policy experts and focusing on that primarily. As well he's just an incredibly fascinating individual. He's one of the worst presidents of course just for watergate alone, but he's my personal favorite since his whole story is remarkable.
Has anyone read or heard of [Ordinary Times](https://ordinary-times.com/)? I wish magazines were a bit more clear of their ideological tilts, but I'm reading a piece from it that seems interesting and nuanced enough I could enjoy.
They watch a lot more porn than they visit liberal subreddits lol
If true, 5% of Republicans approve of Trump and also support impeaching him
Breyer should retire just for being a bad justice
Surely Biden isn't gonna nominate Merrick Garland as the safe SCOTUS pick that the GOP senate surely will vote onto the court
As a liberal elite it’d be wrong not to
What's bad about it?
Great take
Amy
NYT should absolutely be on the bottom, they've been incredibly sloppy with reporting recently. Other than that I'd agree with this list, but probably flip WSJ and Economist just out of personal preference.
So that would suggest access to contraceptives, not childhood happiness is what’s driving them down
Yeah if Clinton goes away it's totally possible you see elections being between Bernie Sanders types (but retaining his old left views on immigration) vs the Jeb Bushes of the world still dominating the GOP. But I don't know, I think GOP going crazy is all from media bubbles and no guardrails, idk if no Clinton stops either of those things.
There's a bunch of people who say they'd vote Trump unless it's Biden, there's also people who will stay at home unless Bernie is the nominee, you gotta get those people's votes to win, so disparaging them for being willing to vote Trump at all online probably isn't conductive to that goal. Like you can argue they should be willing to vote for other dems or even just stay home if they're not gonna vote for dems but if you really should walk on eggshells with these types if you want to win 2020.
I'm not arguing dems should nominate someone different to accommodate to these people, I'm saying people who are on the fence now shouldn't be disparaged for being so even if you have to be pretty dumb to think Trump hasn't been just awful at the job. When people say they'll vote Trump if it's not ______ candidate, I just think being rude to them for saying that only makes a Trump reelection slightly more likely.
The best album of that genre came out in 2001 though. Actually both of the best albums of that genre came out in 2001.
Yeah I mean if someone thinks a form of murder is actually legal and as ubiquitous as it is of course there's gonna be a really strong aversion to that. Still the whole idea that people actually don't see abortion as a difficult choice most of that time is such a dumb meme there's really no excuse for that.
He was on his way out of office already what are they gonna do, impeach him in a week?
Yeah I mean JCPOA was definitely a pause in nuclear development agreement for them, not a giving up on it entirely thing. The long term goal was that gets them more ingrained in the international system and all and eventually that'll lead to reduced nuclear ambitions. Which is fine I guess but imo a bit naive. As soon as nuclear developments began there we'd hopefully see strikes on the facilities just to prevent that but never invade Iran or anything. We dropped the ball on DPRK so bad, I really don't want the same for Iran to happen.
Bill Clinton is a repulsive individual this should be well know here already
Whoever solves that problem solved like a fundamental problem with human nature imo. I don’t think it can be done.
At least he didn’t say it was Mossad lol
Hello comrades, I’m curious today, who is your favorite serial killer? Mine? The United States government.
How so? Just for inventing a genre?
Liberty uni doesn’t have nearly as much sway as what many American conservatives would consider “the academic left” has sway in the Democratic Party and especially the intersection of certain types of academics and Democratic Party activism.
Last I check CA was close for everyone.
Your description would probably be the title as well
I’m not just referring to the leftist academia stuff, but also climate scientists would be included in that from the conservative perspective. Unis have a lot more sway than the handful of conservatives schools do, Liberty doesn’t actually have much sway in what the GOP does though. Media totally has that effect, but the only reason people car what Falwell think is that he’s made himself a media figure, he not even close to as well known as big Fox News hosts or Limbaugh is, he’s barely a footnote if that.
People’s welfare? As if. Only part they got is the nationalism and even than they can’t control all of their professed territory.
What if the child consents to working in the coal mines?
If Trump was half competent he'd be SecDef
There are plenty of reasonable libertarians who make natural allies for the neoliberal movement and ideologically are closer than any other group in American politics. That being said self identified libertarians won't ever stop on their conquest to make the former statement as dumb sounding as possible.
Is there anything they don't blame on the CIA?
I feel like dating someone with different political views would be a more enjoyable experience than if you agreed on everything. Like not to the extreme I wouldn't want to date a redhat or a bernie bro, but like a liberal or moderate libertarian or conservative I'd all rather date so long as we shared certain values than another communitarian. Like it's nice to be challenged on stuff from people close to you.
Maybe you just look young, I've never had someone comment on the vertical ID except at the main liquour store I go to where it's just policy to do extra checks on them.
Must just be a me living in CA thing in that case
Shouldn't it be "she eats way too much poutine"?
Honestly it'll be good as long as she doesn't try to emulate her sound on the debut album but rather does the less electronic stuff she did before that.
Nah breathy singing can totally work for a bond theme, gives it like a smoke filled bar atmosphere.
Whiskey highball
Imo grunge was mostly lazy music from the start, and just blew up because the public was tired of the hyper commercialism that was really dominating music then. Nevermind isn't terribly original or interesting music, but In Utero had Cobin actually writing some really interesting and solid music. The only other act I'd give the time of day that's considered grunge is Pearl Jam and their music doesn't have the punk roots the rest of the grunge groups really had, I don't think the label fits since there's so much blues influence on them. The rest of the grunge acts were just hair metal tier music rebranded.
None of those people are social democrats, they're all social liberals. And Scandinavian countries often have liberal parties as part of their coalition, they're not generally run by just social democrats.
Yeah but I don't like drinking anything without a ton of ice, depending on how much you want/none it'll all work regardless.
It's a liberal sub of course it'll be against paternalism
No the greatest moment of her career is when she released Melodrama one of the greatest albums ever made
&gt; Felon hiring practices aren't as obviously helpful It'd depend on what the practice is, if someone's a convicted nonse probably don't want them working in certain fields for example.
Everyone will get roasted by some media throughout a campaign, plenty of things to dislike about all four candidates in what was without a doubt the strongest four possible nominees in decades at least
Best case scenario 2024 nominee for the GOP
CNN like NYT and much media today's bias is less towards any ideological movement and more towards sensationalism. Since Fox has had the right wing sensationalist market on hold right now, that sensationalism tends to target liberals but of course the non ideological nature of it all means it'll help all sorts of groups out but blowing up certain stories or not covering others as much.
Neocons have a weird fixation on MENA I'm not totally sure why. Artifact of the region being a lot more important when the movement really started perhaps.
Sure, but it's at least in the process of opening up. Trump stepped back from the improved relations thing Obama was doing, but if we can build closer ties I think you can see some more real meaningful progress towards liberalism
I mean most of the stuff on Smile wasn't released, if the material came out as planned I'm saying it would've been seen as revolutionary as anything else coming out at the time. If you listen to Smile and try to put it in the context of 1966 it's super impressive and really would've made a big impact. Just a shame it never worked out that way.
I mean there was FARC and those leftist militias in Peru. Probably was a problem in other countries too. Iran vs KSA is a newer conflict than when the neocon movement started and Iran was one of the key allies of their MENA plan. The shift to being more closely aligned with KSA was just kind of a drift as we kept getting involved in the region more, but even with the Iraq war the goal was for Iraq to be our closest ally and a major power in the region after the war, not KSA.
I mean relations were never super warm or anything, but before the revolution the biggest divide between the two seemed to be that Iran recognized Israel and KSA didn't. Plus some religious divide and whatnot, but it wasn't really comparable to what we have now. As well the neocons were ardent Iran supporters up to the revolution, their policy was an axis of Turkey, Iran and Israel working with America in the region. After the revolution tension built up a lot as the highly ideological Iranian regime was very antagonistic to KSA and their brand of Islam as well as their oppression of Shia minorities in their country. And as Iran became a highly isolated state and made funding terrorist groups the basis of their foreign policy, tensions of course got us to the boiling point we're at now with proxy conflicts and the like.
Clearly not if USMCA passed with massive bipartisan majorities.
I think the extent to which that's actually the case is overstated by protectionists who supported it, it's largely a continuation of NAFTA with a few minor changes that are more labor focused actually protectionist from what I've read. Which I'd rather not have, but it's not like protecting industry stuff that I'd truly consider protectionism. Regardless though it's mostly just a rebrand of NAFTA from all I've read.
[Without any further degrees philosophy majors still do better than pretty much everything non STEM](https://www.visualcapitalist.com/visualizing-salaries-college-degrees/)
None of those majors were even listed as having a higher median though? Also why would parent's income make a difference? Better connections? Then you'd have to control for how good a uni they went to as well.
Thank you!
Everything. I'm not very experienced in writing outside of essay type stuff.
&gt; Two of the men, one a former Canadian Army reservist in the U.S. illegally, face charges including transporting a firearm and ammunition with intent to commit a felony, according to the U.S. attorney’s office in Maryland. One was also charged with transporting a machine gun, and the third man was charged with transporting and harboring an illegal alien. These guys are the absolute worst if you're gonna be a nazi at least be consistent and don't be an illegal immigrant yourself.
Ok should be a bit smoother now
Imagine being a nazi and looking for a name for your terror cell and being so unoriginal you steal from the most famous terrorist group of all time.Truly some grade A morons we're dealing with here.
Lol Rand really should give up on picking fights with people considering his record in them is just a bunch of Ls
&gt; Israel makes a lot of people vote R even if they hate everything about trump. I thought as a demo Jewish people were like 80% D voters. Just the orthodox minority consistently voted Republican.
&gt; We should take anyone who wants to come to the US from an authoritarian country. After screening to make sure they aren't like a spy or something else bad
Really Marx's fault if you boil it down
Lol snowflakes downvoting you
I'm specifically talking about top ten tier rappers rap greats, top 30 range I think a few really good albums is totally enough and that's where I'd put Em (Probably near the 15-20 range). Biggie has such a small catalog but it's so well regarded he gets in the top 5 for pretty much everyone because he never had a shot at making more. Pac had a much bigger catalog and really innovated rap music a lot, he easily earned his place in the top ten even though I personally think he released a lot of filler that gets ignored by fans. Kendrick pretty much everything he's released has been good at worst and an instant classic at best. Jay Z is my #1 but I think he has a ton of excellent records and over a long period of time too. Dre is more of a producer I don't think he's generally considered a top ten rapper though I do enjoy his stuff, and he's easily a top 5 producer. DMX is another I think isn't top 10 tier though again he totally deserves to be in that top 30 range.
Yeah and I don't ever think of him as someone with a way higher inflation of his abilities as a rapper like Lil Wayne or something. He's very self aware and I think that's part of why he was able to get some much cred within hip hop at the time.
You might not have been the demographic. The demo for those videos were disaffected muslim men. Think of the alt right's target demographic but with far better organization.
They believe that stuff already, it's just scaremongering most of the time anyways. They're not being tricked into watching racist stuff they want someone that agrees with their views on.
No duty, but you should do it regardless
As if I have the attention span to get through a whole manga
Yeah but at least this could get more people listening to some great records in the process. Music really seemed to be mostly segregated for a while past the civil rights movement and all. Only recently I think the divide between "black" and "white" music has really become almost non existent.
I'm hesitant to compare backlash Eminem deals with since being controversial has always been part of his image, MAGA folks get outraged at anything too. I could see grouping P-Funk or Sly and the Family Stone in with social justice movements making people more willing to roll their eyes at people who'd rank them along with Zeppelin or the Stones though. I doubt I'd have started listening to early funk if not for the fact that those artists are critical darlings, so I could see social justice groups not doing anything productive there. Still better than being anti-Semitic though.
Generally it's balanced budget amendment like what Germany has where you don't need the supermajority in times or war or recession, not always keep the budget balanced regardless of circumstance. Which imo seems like a fine proposal, but of course as I take more econ classes my opinion may change.
Ah I'm not super familiar with more catholic rooted group's frequency of taking communion.
Economically you're super liberal, while socially you have a mix of liberal and more paternalist views which could be more conservative rooted since you can't really get paternalism from liberalism. Foreign policy is very in line with liberalism. If you value individualism and freedom a lot which it seems like you would I'd say you're more philosophically rooted in liberalism here
Yeah I was gonna go with Low End Theory, but after listening to the whole thing the first half gets a bit stale with the beats even though as a whole it's still an amazing record.
Seeing conservatism as just conserving the way things are is a dumb way of defining the ideology.
Yeah but the unis in Europe are FREE
Yeah but it's not like he was an anarchist who wanted communism but also opposed the USSR, he fully embraced the USSR to own the capitalists. Good/Bad person is a dumb way of looking at people imo, but shilling for the Soviet Union is definitely malicious.
Can we get rid of MLK day and replace with Bernie Sanders day? He did more for black Americans anyways.
And drugs to be legalized should be done on a small scale first to see results, but probably most should stay illegal but change the approach in how we deal with them away from just locking people up to more cost effective measures that also yield better outcomes. If it was politically viable though I'd want huge restrictions on alcohol sales even.
&gt; Being able to buy antibiotics over the counter is wild What horrendous country is allowing antibiotics to be sold without a perscription? That's easily one of the worst ideas I've heard in my entire life. Antibiotics are harmful to humanity if they're not used for specific bacterial disease and taken exactly correctly which the layman absolutely won't do if they're available the same as aspirin
Not that I can't vibe to bro country, but it's remarkable how good late 60's early 70's country was compared to pretty much the rest of the genre's history.
In all seriousness though the Trump admin's constant attempts at pandering to black Americans is just so obliviously stupid I don't get why they bother to try at all
I guess but business just recently became more keen on Dems and supported plenty of goldbug republicans throughout the past ten years. I guess they figured it was just a meme that would never actually happen or something lol.
Sugar tax, make sure school lunches don't promote childhood obesity by being super sugary are two I can think of.
There's no evidence of it, but at this point the legend of it happening has transcended any reality of the situation.
Ah so that's where they've all been going. East Bay is a billion times better than those losers up north anyways they're making a mistake
[LOL](https://twitter.com/ibrahimpols/status/1219371279159087104?s=20)
Bernie's competitive in all the working class midwestern states, Pete does well in suburbs which open up some possibilities for him to win, but a harder path. Biden's competitive in both those categories he's far and away the strongest candidate.
Bernie has revolutionary fervor keeping him young, don't ignore that
You can't get MSG in Denmark? Life under communist social democratic rule must be so dull.
Absolutely, Arab Spring just would've also caused at the least protests against Hussein as well. Perhaps Iran would've also had more trouble involving itself in the Syrian conflict as well with Saddam still in power, but I'm not quite sure how that would've changed things
No I'm insinuating that MattY is part of the annoying segment of Bernie twitter lol
I had to read Chomsky for a class I did last semester and I did so in my micro class a few times tbh
Doesn't universal mean 100% coverage? America is like 90% IIRC
Generation soyboy
Enjoy all the money I'll have won betting on Trump
There are a ton of ways to lower costs because there's probably thousands of reasons costs are as high as they are. To try to cut costs in half would be super hard of course, but all sorts of incremental changes can be made that cut costs. Tort reform, shorter IP on drugs so generics can come out sooner, importing drugs from Canada seems to be a popular idea lately. You could similarly expand small amounts of coverage incrementally, you just don't see that as much because people want to be ambitious with the coverage thing.
Check out /r/AOCbae
I mean some Maoists are probably also Bernie supporters
If Republicans are gonna pick a model for their actions in private with women I'd rather they emulate Pence than the other guy...
No more than Biden
&gt; I obviously support large interventions on the supply side (loan forgiveness, more residencies, halving residencies, removing the undergrad prerequisite from medical training), but I think there’s obviously a lot of slop in the system currently. Imo the better way to go here is to just get doctors to be a far less ubiquitous and having a lot more PA's and NP's managed by a few doctors.
I'm gonna need Trump to shut down the government again or something so we can keep this up
Traitor to the neoliberal cause! He turned his back on us for the succs.
Yeah I agree the margins were so close you can correctly account her loss to about two dozen things. She took a lot for granted though and without the self inflicted damage alone she would've won.
Yeah I generally use gender neutral language, but here it's not needed lol
Get off here tankie! (Also how do you get this info?)
/u/userleansbot /u/Paramus98
To the degree that any primary will do that, but short of really big blunders by an eventual nominee I'm skeptical of how much primaries matter. Like Trump without a doubt had the most divisive, ugly primary and general election in terms of resistance from within the party in decades and he was still able to win despite all that. If there weren't a ton of prominent Republicans who said they wouldn't vote Trump I really don't think the election numbers would've looked all that much different.
&gt; Is it really pandering? Trump is certainly the most pro-life President we’ve had in the post-Roe era. Nope Bush Jr was a lot more pro life
Big problem in Mali as well IIRC and that's not there
Nah there's still some old Dems who might've voted for Biden or maybe even Sanders. She takes more votes away from Trump on net though I think
Don't care, it's a better system than FPTP
Too late for that he's the gun grabber guy
I mean not necessarily the electorate generally is about 1/3 each of partisans on any side and independents that hold all sorts of different views. Trump's pretty unpopular outside of his own party, so I wouldn't say he's particularly representative of many outside of that 1/3 chunk
You gotta appreciate the boldness to do it in SF at least that's hilarious
It wasn't just the politicians though, the opposition from media and the GOP electorate as a whole was immense up until and even for some after he won the nomination. It wasn't all just the party elites or Trump would've won much more handily. And even a lot of his support isn't because the party's adapted to be more like him and they like that, it's that in so many ways he's just been a generic Republican
I've heard him on a few grime tracks, always assumed he was a Brit
Tons of Republicans who support Trump will say they disagree with him on trade and on foreign policy, and certain aspects of immigration a lot though, but that's just not enough for them to abandon support alone. If after Trump the party stays protectionist I'll agree, but as of now there's been little encouraging Trump's tariffs and more just throwing their hands up in congress saying nothing we can do he's the president. He's not been anywhere near as isolationist as he's promised, and even his tariffs are frames as just a means to the end of a better deal, not as protectionism as a whole most of the time. I think a lot of these specifics are just flashes in a pan because few Republicans are supporting Trump's unorthodox positions for any other reason than that they want to support the president in whatever he does.
Anime profile pics 🤮
Hover over people's names and you see them
Federally funded doesn't matter to me either way it's gonna get financed through taxes or donations and there's barely any restrictions now. [ Public opinion on abortion has been almost entirely static for decades](https://news.gallup.com/poll/1576/abortion.aspx) this movement sucks at changing people's mind and has naively tied support to countless people who fail to deliver anything for them because they know the backlash of flipping roe would ruin their political careers. I've gotten to a point where I'm just a nihilist on this issue, it's an unwinnable battle.
Lol you're not gonna die from talking to Chinese people, pretty sure you have to already be in awful health to die from this thing.
What's it look like for other demographics?
there’s a lot of students from the midwest in my courses this semester, this might sound bad but I think I’m gonna avoid them like the plague (literally) I saw a bunch at CVS yesterday buying cheap beer. I feel like a dick but I’m not tryna interact with wypipo
Security on wechat is so bad actual diseases are getting transmitted through it now
Cutting visas allocated in half while the country's in the middle of a labor shortage is an awful idea, especially as low skilled labor would be cut even more since they'd likely not get preference within the system. Every time we've changed the visa ceiling it's been with a big reform of the system as well, I don't think that's as easy as you think.
Oh sure, but I don't think being a teenager excuses someone from saying repugnant things, like I've said plenty of highly inappropriate things as a teenager, but they shouldn't get written off as they'll grow out of it, they should be addressed so the pattern doesn't continue on. I'm fine with giving people an amnesty on this stuff after the fact, but there has to be a period of change before that point.
Yeah I mean M4A is a pipe dream anyways, doesn't really matter in the short term.
Wish I took a picture of it, but yesterday walking around the SF I went by the [giant Greta Thunenburg mural](https://imgur.com/r/13or30/1NmPpn8) and it was even more unsettling than the pictures show.
Walking by it felt extremely dystopian, somehow they thought this would be inspiring? I hate this city.
Yeah drop Pence for Haley at the convention
Pretty sure that's a plow not a fan lmao Trump is so dumb
Ben Shapiro is really impressive here in how he manages to annoy me more than Taylor Swift does in that preview.
Does Ben Shapiro literally just jerk himself off all day for each of his shows? I remember a couple years back watching a bit of him and certainly did that a good amount, but he was also capable of not fully indulging in hysterics all the time, but that clip of him dunking on Taylor Swift was one of the most unwatchable things I've ever seen, it's beyond any caricature of Shapiro I could even imagine.
I'd much more appropriately fit as an I, but being a registered Dem in CA is nice cause you can take as many right wing positions as you want and nobody'll question it since you're in the "good guy's party". If a Dem wins in 2020 I'll have to switch to GOP for the primary vote and I'll miss that free pass.
Trump is a tankie Americans love the Soviet Union
Someone with a show like his is always gonna in some way enable people with extreme views, in the same way not having anti-nazi laws like Germany has is gonna enable nazis. While I'm normally not the most liberal person, I'd rather anything around speech and expression be pretty liberally policed, and the way that Rogan engages with extremists on his show I think is a lot less misleading than how someone like Dave Rubin engages with them.
Lot of people without familiarity of the issue doesn't really get what's wrong with that since there's what they're used to and not used to. Takes a long time for language to evolve in ways that especially smaller groups feel is more respectful to them. There has to be a widespread cultural familiarity that doesn't really exist right now for transgendered people before you'll really see language around the issue change. Until that happens it'll be see as hyper woke.
It was published in a journal I'm pretty sure, maybe paper isn't the right word
Joe Rogan is probably more favorable to transgender people than the median American.
Yeah you're around literally the most passionate pro life people of course they'd all be like that. It's like if a Republican was around a woman's march and said the same thing. The GOP's strategy with the pro life movement has been to keep them thinking they're on the precipice of winning every election and as someone who's at the very least somewhat pro life it's really pissing me off.
I mean easy for me to say since I'm not affected by any of this stuff, I get people with strong emotion regarding these issues, it can get really personal. But it can always be good to take a step back even if that means coming to the reality of a probably pretty sucky situation on their part. But being smart about dealing with it can make that situation not last as long or be less sucky for them.
Ah yes those avowed lefties like Ross Douthat and Brett Stephens
Sure but you're banking on the geographic advantage to swing for the same party in the long term. That's without precedent. Electoral college swung for Dems from 2004-2012 but 2000 and 2016 it was good for Republicans. You can't expect it to advantage you forever.
Where do lefties get this idea that econ classes are like ancap indoctrination? Like any time we talked about unions or minimum rage or whatever in my intro classes the professor would just say that different economists have different thoughts on the extent to which an economy functions better with or without them in place. Like it's not a class you get a lot of hot takes on poverty. Maybe later ones I take will be but I doubt it.
I mean one of the most known economists is Krugman I don't buy this
Sure but these arguments around abortion are never over legality, they’re philosophical. Both in terms of when life does or doesn’t “count” and the extent to which individual autonomy might apply to these situations. Advocating for something just because it’s consensus seems like a strange philosophy to adhere to.
Camilla is so much better than Halsey
He never signaled he was really more hawkish than Yellen
She needs to vote to acquit she won't be able to win the general in such a red state.
The number that article is talking about is publicly held debt
Honestly Stars Are Blind is the worst of those three imo. Even though they'll all pretty good, she got some great producers on that record.
As if American high schoolers would be any better
Wouldn't have been very swingy if they weren't nominating morons like the guy to took Cantor's seat.
Democracy should absolutely not be the highest aim for a process of nominating presidential candidates within a party, the highest aim should be the process that will give the best nominee possible.
Social ostrecization of adults with all sorts of extremist views is a good way to combat them. Governent policing of speech is a lot trickier, and I think regardless of the society you're gonna see these types of people appear in any context, best you can hope for is they stay quiet and don't act on anything.
It sounds good as a sound bite during a general election. I doubt Biden is so naive as to expect a complete shift away from obstructionism from the GOP
Neocons are just a mix between trots and libs anyways
Wait is the virtue signalling religiosity a big thing in many evangelical churches? I've never really experienced that.
If they work for a co op
https://www.youtube.com/user/BrookingsInstitution
Same argument would go for Trump as well. He hasn't done anything with a Dem house, but executives have a ton of power.
Like an actual pornstar or like a wannabe pornstar?
Can you have a scientific explanation for attractiveness? It's all relative, right? Though I do have a theory for why it is that's sort of scientific so maybe?
I mean k pop videos don't generally have people in their 40's-50's lol. Both older actresses in dramas I've watch and just random koreans I've met in that age range I've noticed are way more attractive that other people of the same age. It's probably just because the cultural ubiquitousness of plastic surgery in Korea though.
Yeah I know I don't see the phenomenon nearly as much in other east asians though. Koreans look extremely distinct from other east asians imo.
Ok this is epic
Outcomes aren't our problem, costs are. They could of course be better, and something like maternal mortality rates definitely need improvement, but for the most part our outcomes compared to the rest of OECD wouldn't make you bat an eye.
I mean his conservative temperament is a big reason why he as a black man was able to win such a historic victory imo. I don't think he could've done the confrontational aggressive populism thing and became president.
You just went to a bad school, the only problem my school really had was a handful of bad teachers that had tenure.
Get ready to see a lot less women in your classes
Sure Oman and Jordan and Kuwait and all much nicer countries, but KSA has huge sway because they've been blessed with the most oil in the world. It's not just US support that's made them a powerful country. I mean KSA's ruled by morons and it's a country without hope for a future where it's terribly important, I think US strategy should absolutely look to distance itself from them in the medium to long term, but in the short term having that close relationship is a must, and I don't know what we can even do once they lose sway. Gotta hope some other country can modernize and want to be friends since we're insanely isolated in MENA now. All we've really got is Israel and the KSA squad left. And our relationships with both are fairly tenuous.
Hezbollah sucks at being terrorists you think they could build a whole tunnel?
I prefer the poppy seed over cinnamon raisin and honestly I'd probably rather have chocolate chip than cinnamon raisin on the NY lox bagel thing. Hard to mess it up though.
Nixon had more important things to do than worry about the small fascist country whose leader was delusional. He had a choice between two autocracies, and he chose the one that was far far more powerful to ally the US with and oppose another evil empire. It was easily the correct move to do, and looking at this with the hindsight of a now flourishing democratic Taiwan is no way to analyze the situation.
They were already powerful at the time, but the Nixon change didn't make them anything near a superpower or anything. there are so many more layers of history behind US PRC relations to say democratic reform was impossible is silly and to say that Nixon's visit to China is the reason why China developed into a superpower is just really reductionist. There are so many different factors that led us to where we are, and for a while reform seemed really likely. Not pushing democratic reform isn't a Nixon problem though, it's more a Bush Sr. - Bush Jr. problem.
What did the dating ping mean by this?
/u/nakdamink I really want to give some classic political literature a read, and since you posted Leviathan I figured that'd be a good place to start. Do you have any advice for reading very dense texts like it though? I've always had difficulty getting through it. Hoping to get to Republic by Plato and the Analects by Confucius after Leviathan.
All a few days from Tienanmen day too. Makes Trump's praise of China's response back in the 90's come to mind
Revisionist nationalism, glorification of military rule, totalitarianism, etc. I don't think the military will do the Tiananmen style crackdown that Trump seems to envision, but if they did take orders from his Twitter I don't think the label would be too ill fitting. This really is the most concerned I've been about anything he's said or done since him taking office.
Between him saying "when the looting starts the shooting starts" and his constant talk about how he wants these people dealt with so toughly I think it's hard not to see what outcome he's hoping for. Not that he's necessarily giving orders for it now though, but we're miles away from where any leader should be rhetoric wise. Fascism does have a meaning and it's overuse particularly by those on the left is a joke, but at the same time I think Trump has displayed at least a few characteristics of fascist leaders. Doesn't mean that the US is a fascist state or anything, we have constraints on power after all.
Sounds like an admission that the convention will do nothing but make himself less popular where he holds it. In that case he should just do it in California to own the libs
Oh ok I totally misread you there, sorry. Still the same general idea that at this point precision isn't the desired goal just getting a good idea of how common it is.
Yeah I've listened to that speech, it was very presidential and very necessary (shows why he won like 70% of the vote from Muslims in 2000) as well as his immigration reform speeches I've listened to. PEPFAR is what I most admired about him, but I remember being really struck by how diverse he made his cabinet as well. After seeing just how white Trump's cabinet was in particular the amount of diverse voices he surrounded himself with was also something we need a lot more of in America.
As if liberal tears aren't a more valuable commodity...
IF we actually can get some high profile changes out of this situation I think all this unrest could really end up being a good thing for American soft power. The world is watching us and even if things started out bad, once you get this much attention it can easily be spun into a net win! Trump clearly isn't gonna be the lead on this so everyone else in government from a local to state to congress level needs to get working on some solutions.
Is there anywhere remaining that isn't allowing religious services? I'd imagine my county's timetable is the latest in the country and they're opening up in a bit over a week
Yeah but getting the protesters to start things is incentivized behavior here as it will build more support for police. Vice versa too hence the whole point of the game
Yeah I think Bush's huge unpopularity really doomed his vision (at least in the short term). Hard to say if GOP could rebound for that vision any time soon. Most people in the party certainly aren't helping move it that way though, so I'm not exactly optimistic.
Plenty of states have sent in national guard though, using the actual military itself is the real point of contention
Defund the police could mean a number of things: * The money we spent on police could better be spent on other things and it's yield better public safety results * Police are paid to protect the interests of the state and the existence of a state is inherently bad so the job in of itself should be opposed * "Repeal and replace" police departments that suck because it would be more difficult to try to merely reform from where they're at right now * I'm angry at the police so I want them to be punished (in this case financially) Maybe there's some others but those are what I can think of easily. My opinion on the statement would be highly context dependent as two of these seem like completely reasonable if not good ideas.
It'll even say it's likely the knelling stuff kept him from getting a tryout, but at the same time the dude in his last season showed zero ability to read a defense. I think if not for the protests he'd get a training camp invite and maybe get a backup job, but the guy wasn't gonna last long term anyways. I'm glad he helped bring awareness to the issue, but I don't have much sympathy for the guy for a number of reasons.
I think that's true. Imo the revisionist vision of MLK is unfortunate (for more reasons than just this) because people can just throw a quote out of his and nobody wants to disagree. MLK was a socialist and I think he cheated on his wife and he was a very influential person in getting better legal protections for black Americans and that's all true. Idk if MLK did much autocrat apologia but if he did, that would be disgusting behavior even if he did lead great things too.
Just briefly looking over about him I can at least appreciate that he does seem to consistently hold to his principles in all different situations even though I certainly don't agree with said principles. If all the libertarian gun lover types were as consistent I think they'd be a very respectable group to disagree with.
I should preface this by saying that I believe there are two types of "social justice". One is social justice as a goal to be achieved and/or strived for, the other is social justice as an all encompassing worldview. I (generally at least) think the former is entirely commendable, no doubt a lot of groups in society have to live more difficult lives because what groups they're a member of (this of course is excluding people is really toxic groups like anti vaxers or ardent islamists). I think the latter however is a laughably shallow worldview, and completely incoherent and self defeating. I immensely dislike social justice as an ideology but that's a rant for another time. All that to say, I agree with [this tweet](https://twitter.com/conor64/status/1268350593610813441?s=20) here, but I think the social justice voices that will lost relevance will largely be of the later group, and I think the kind of inevitable lack of relevance will be a good thing. There needs to be something good to fill that vacuum with though! Any ideas on what that could be or what that could look like?
Maybe, I'm actually fairly optimistic that these could lead to better policing policies in a lot of cities though. I do agree that the actual impact of those changes would probably be worse than the impacts of greater infection numbers from protests (a lot of protests seem to want to mitigate this though!) just because I don't think that bad policing is really the main driver of the problem here.
Got it, that's quite different from the new approach being advocated for here. I certainly think doing what Camden did in Minneapolis would be a fine idea, but I'm a skeptic on what the twitter person is talking about.
I like the filibuster in it's original form where senators would actually have to go through the work and talk for hours on end to keep bills from being passed. Making it easier to do has cause it to get used way too often.
Why would they unless it's hurting their profit margins
Nihilists
Ah yes the classic succon legislation backfiring thing
Only way to deal with uncooperative labor is to just go Reagan on them all
This is the same stupid thing Republicans have done for decades about cutting government spending. What's important is spending (or not spending) money optimally, not getting some flat number like that means anything in term of how policy will change.
For Trump to be competent he'd have to be smarter and his ideology might be a little better developed past just being obsessed with himself. Nothing happens in a vacuum
Not nationwide, but I could see it being fine in some places
Oh I'm aware I don't doubt that at all. I doubt that it's happened with the volume needed to make this a pretty national problem though
It is if you think the reason police are bad are because they're just stocked with bad people
All of this still is putting the blame for these problems on the individual being some type of "bad person". In which case the real problem would be departments are hiring "bad people" or departments are turning people into "bad people"
pls
Sure but then the solution would be just hire better people lol I'm pretty skeptical that's the answer here
Good point! The people who talk all the time about police being nazis are usually looking at it more from the view of officers themselves being nazis though rather than the why aspect of it.
That's like saying you despise conservatism or islam lol the term means next to nothing by itself
What are some examples of rewarding bad actors you could give? Like arrest quotas? The extent to which it rewards bad actors rather than merely ignoring them I'm skeptical of. I guess something like boosting arrest numbers for sheriffs that are up for reelection would be another example too. Although that's not really the police system as much as a political system valuing the wrong things.
How do you solve a problem that pops up so often that it's pretty clearly (imo) embedded in human nature? You have to normalize that kind of intervention so much that not doing anything is rocking the boat. That's super hard to do!
Repeal and replace is pretty much how we got ICE though
To get a reward means you're getting something extra out of it. Unless you mean like some sort of adrenaline rush, that's plausible but you're using reward as lack of a deserved negative and that's not what that means lol. I don't think you really understand my position I agree on the need to reform these institutions to do their job better. I think the extent to which systemic oppression is at the hands of police is overblown but still certainly a phenomenon (and the extent to which a lot of other factors of systemic racism come in are very much under discussed). Like the reason cops might assume a black person in a nice car stole it might not be from the police unit's issues with systemic racism, but rather maybe from media tropes. And those media troupes in part stem from hundreds of years of black Americans not getting the same opportunities as whites. The cop is still at the least causing a black person grief but the reasons for that happening are really multifaceted imo. I don't actually hold a particularly high view of police officers at all (especially as their problems have been on full display the past week) I just think that their problems in terms of racism are mostly the same as society as a whole's problems, it's just their position makes the consequences of those problems a lot more severe. Which means finding a solution is a lot more difficult. Fortunately there's a lot of good ideas going around recently that should mitigate a lot of the harm police are able to do. I don't think they actually address the underlying issue though (maybe hiring more black cops and community policing would somewhat)
What's your main?
Is that like max w first and powerfarm?
When asked if he supports the abolition of police will Biden answer with: a) No b) Hell no
I'm not saying the problem is overblown, just that I think the explanation that police abuse is a cause rather than a symptom is overblown. I don't see how I'm doing any sort of mental gymnastics here, I'm saying that racial profiling is a thing that happens, but the reasons it happens is a culmination of a ton of different factors that are difficult to address. Just because I say that x and y are the reasons that someone profiles someone doesn't mean that it's suddenly ok for them to do so. As well nothing I said would suggest that I don't think white people have privilege or are being persecuted I have no clue where you're getting all that from. As for white nationalist types in departments I'd imagine that's a problem that varies from department to department but yeah you'd obviously have to purge them all and if it's well known about them within the department that'd be a reason to possibly hit reset on the whole thing. The leftists don't offer real solutions in abolishing policing, it either doesn't offer a valid solution for violent crime or it's some sort of militia type thing and I absolutely don't trust that. If the goal is to build trust with a community, just having people from the community heavily involved in the policing should do the trick. Plus having some sort of outside inspection of departments to keep standards up. If dismantling police fixes your police violence problem but violent crime were to shoot up by more than the decrease in police violence, you're not actually doing anything better.
Over a week or today?
He's smart but a really awful manager of people (which is the most important job a president has)
You joke but a lot of the cons who might vote Biden love Kav
Keeping anarchists away from a platform is heroes work! Thank you peaceful protesters, very cool!
Would depend what said libertarian thinks about the idea of where life and person-hood starts (or starts to count) as well as how they would value that right against the right of the person carrying to bodily autonomy. Same as the regular abortion debate really.
He's referring to Fujimori, Peru is fine now
&gt; i would argue that by latching onto them, it serves as a distraction from the actual issues that the protests are trying to bring awareness to and fix. This would be true if this sub wasn't some niche online discussion forum with zero meaningful impact on the conversation.
Imo this news cycle is peaking this weekend. These people have pretty bad timing since a week from now we'll be largely moved on to something new.
&gt; Sleepy Joe Biden and the CROOKED democrat party want to abolish all police departments! It's bad enough he's inviting MS13 to KILL AMERICANS, but this is a new low! This would be enough to get a whole news cycle about it lol
I don't disagree necessarily and I think that churches should be conservative in their reopening as if they become a hotbed for the virus that would be a really bad witness to the community, at the same time from a legal standpoint protections for freedom to practice religion are in the constitution along with protects for freedom to protest. If it's legal for people to go out in groups and protest outside, it should probably be legal for churches to hold their services outside too. And in California the numbers are the same for the size of protests and religious services that are allowed, so I have no problem with what's been done here.
He has like a 60%+ approval rating last I checked, that's pretty popular
My understanding is that those weren't the kind of big ethical issues of something like watergate and more just indicative of being kind of a scummy guy. Which considering how remarkably good at presidenting he was it doesn't seem unreasonable to tolerate it. Clinton had plenty of individual failures but was similarly very good at the job, it's understandable that Democrats stood by him.
This would be hypocritical if people were saying Cotton shouldn't be published and Taliban should rather than focusing on the stances themselves. That being said I'm inclined to disregard that perspective as autocrats and groups like the Taliban are not good faith actors to be trusted so publishing them is just being a mouthpiece potentially for propaganda and lies. Which still would be different from Cotton who just wrote a lazy and edgy article, they're different kinds of bad.
Refugees/Asylum seekers != immigration. To say his opposition to refugees is hypocritical would be more reasonable, but you could also argue that there are more confounding factors in inviting more people to help with injustice vs helping with injustice for people in the country right now. Romney could also oppose refugees and say that it's just a band aid solution and fixing the root issues of why they're leaving should be prioritized instead (this is more similar to the BLM view in that that's about fixing the actual problems) Idk there's a lot of different perspectives which one may support an issue and how those interact is of course gonna be different with different issues. I disagree with Romney's immigration position, but I don't think it's inherently hypocritical.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDwwAaVmnf4
Lyin Ted, Little Marco, Crooked Hillary were all good, Trump's fallen off bigly
Oh yeah I mean the groups pushing for this are anarchist types, they're not good faith actors in the political system. Still all the non radicals will blame them for failure I'm sure. If it even gets to that point in the first place. Lots of very vague language I'm seeing
I'm sort of sympathetic to this, but it wasn't really Gingrich himself and more the fact that those who came in under him didn't have many strong ideological principles. That could've turned out a number of different ways though, empty shells would be filled by whoever fills them regardless of their politics
This only makes sense if there's literally no police departments in the country that can work as models that have a lot of support from all different sectors of the community and have proven effective at keeping crime low. I really don't think you need much more than making sure cops and the communities they police are on the same line in terms of how force is applied and cops are compliant. Now maybe implementing that is easier said than done but I don't see why it wouldn't be easier than trying to think up something totally new.
Yeah I don't think there's really any group of people Trump actually likes other than whoever will praise him in the moment. Idk if I'd call it bigotry though.
I know a good amount of rich Republicans, they legitimately think welfare keeps people trapped. And that is a phenomenon, welfare cliffs can be a real thing that happens to people (though it's certainly overblown) and wealthy people (especially super wealthy people) really can be very detatched from reality, they assume everyone else has the privileges and advantages that they're used to and base their thinking around that. This brings up another point that one could ideologically think government support programs are inherently bad and those actions of cutting them would disproportionately hurt black americans. At the same time one could cynically just use that ideological fixation to push an anti black agenda. I think both elements are present in the GOP.
Please don't remind me of Cantor ugh
ON PAPER BUT IT WAS EXECUTED SO POORLY THAT DEFENDING IT ONLY MAKES YOU SOUND DUMB
M4A is great branding people like Medicare for the most part
It is really weird that there's an organization called black lives matter and they've kind of become one with the protests despite really only representing probably a smallish fraction of the people who say "black lives matter"'s views.
In what universe did CDU ever show signs of fascism? Returning Germany to a time of "past glory"? Being an aggressive and expansionist state? Putting the military at the center of society? I'm not aware of any of these characteristics under the CDU.
Unfortunately my German is probably on the level of a toddler, so I can't really get much out of the video. Regardless using anti-migrant/refugee rhetoric doesn't make a party fascist, fascism is a very specific ideological position to take and one that (again as far as I have been able to look into them) the CDU in the past would not align with.
I disagree, Trump has shaped the party right now around praising him being central to the equation. All else is secondary. The paleoconservatism that's increasing in popularity is it's own thing that's distinct from Trumpism as it would look a lot different in a position of power than Trump. Paleocons replacing Trump is worst case scenario, but there's still a ton of bickering within the party now. The GOP infighting never died under Trump, the same thing that's been happening since 2010 is still going on.
Oh yeah all fascist regimes use a ton of bad history and take credit for pasts that often aren't really theirs. It's just the extent to which you'd have to do that America would be more extreme than other examples I can think of where the label makes sense.
It's used by CCP propagandists too
I don't mind just dumping all the confederate statues cause they're all daughters of the confederacy garbage and not actually history, but pretty much any of the other getting rid of statues/monuments/naming things after people stuff I don't really like tbh. I get why it could be good cause it signifies a substantial change, and I totally get why people would want to move stuff that was put in place to remind people of who they should be afraid of basically, but idk it's cool to have a record of all this stuff in history. Even in extreme situations just getting rid of everything I think really deprives future generations.
&gt; [BLM: abolish the police lol](https://blacklivesmatter.com/defundthepolice/) FTFY
Why is this unpopular? That's literally the job of secret service and Trump getting killed or injured would be very bad and should be prevented.
To be fair if one person/group believes that a number of moderate reforms (or vice versa this could work either direction) won't actually impact the system, than pushing for those is just as bad if not worse than doing nothing because you don't solve the problem AND you get rid of the political push for change by implementing said reforms. If they were silent at least people would still be talking about it without action being done.
She's basically just an alt right thirst trap, no surprise here
That's not what that post is saying though, it's just saying he's close enough to the movement that it needs to get more pushback. It's true that he in the past and still today seems to have some level of influence in the black community though, I know still today there's a lot of rappers I've heard give him support and back in the 90's he was really leading a lot of things within African American communities. Antisemitism within African American communities is a fair problem to point out and Farrakhan and Nation of Islam have been real contributors to that problem.
Tbf including John Oliver as an example in any argument for why immigration is important is gonna really hurt your cause. Probably best to forget about him
Confirmation bias among the experts is something to look out for. The public health officials re the protest stuff at least weren't dishonest about it, they just inserted their own political opinions into a statement basically. Idk a few people have said actually there's not gonna be any change protests are fine, but for the most part the worst you could accuse them of is blurring the lines between a personal position from an expert and a position from an expert as an expert.
I detest anything resembling paramilitary, but at the same time people LARPing the Paris Commune are about the lamest paramilitary possible, so I'm not terribly concerned that anything serious could happen. Still really strongly dislike it though, but I'm not sure what's the most efficacious way to stop them would be. Might be doing nothing.
On one hand I think anti socialism is actually pretty important for elected officials, keeping bad faith actors underground is good for a functioning system, but on the other hand more and more the only thing Republicans seem to be able to sell themselves as is "we're anti socialism". I've seen this on a number of GOP representative's sites, and it's fine to have that in there, but you better have a better more coherent platform than just "we're not socialists" unless you're literally running against AOC or something where it's at least relevant.
At least your vote matters
I'm talking about making them a lot more intensive though. Cops get paid very well relative to how little you have to do to get the job.
I do wonder if ethno-nationalist types get really excited when they hear anti-colonialism activist types end up implicitly endorsing ethnonationalism in their arguments sometimes.
That's Hannity
Revisionist nationalism, idolizing rule under a strongman, anti-democracy/liberalism/communism, the state at the center of society so press, business, religion, families all needs to operate secondary to the state.
If you look at numbers of people dying in interactions with the police/criminal justice system it's not hard to see that the US does poorly compared to other developed countries, and yet people feel a need to post misleading numbers that aren't per capita and compare overall numbers between countries with wildly different populations.
Do we never label domestic groups as terrorist organizations? KKK clearly has a history of committing acts of terror the label doesn't seem unfitting.
Is makgeoli as cheap tasting as it looks or is it actually good? Soju is cheap too but it's clearly for just getting drunk moreso than actually enjoying.
KKK in the 20s was a lot more scary than they were goofy, it would've been hard to get good jokes
She's in a fringe paleocon party that has two seats
Twitter leftists have really done a great job getting me to like Biden more
I'm pretty skeptical on the extent to which Democrats are actually the ones driving this considering how state level abortion still is. Regardless I think it's a good selling point but it could upset some progressives who would (correctly) see this is rhetoric which views abortion as an inherently bad thing.
We're too big on privacy to get the level of compliance with tracing you'd need to actually be effective in stopping the spread smartly imo.
Considering how many people and orgs have been donating to the organization in reaction to the protests I think it's a lot more than popular knowledge would suggest. But also most of those people probably haven't ever even read anything of their platform.
Speak for yourself
I think we totally need to give out more visas, but I do agree with the people who say that huge waves of immigrants from radically different societies can destabilize a country and that's undesirable. The fact that they think much of Europe would somehow be excluded from that radically different category though is quite telling.
I mean the nice thing is you can use them to get good things that would otherwise be unpopular through. I'm not about excluding people really, just that you probably don't want big crowds of people radically different in mass. Doesn't mean you have to keep all of them out. I think America can moderate plenty of people's views and all that.
This makes sense if you hold a racial hierarchy of Han &gt; White &gt; Other
Cause their blonde roast is so much better than the dark roast? Agreed
Except for the Marines
&gt; “I know our president needs to see his base, and the base needs to see him,” Thom said. “We love him, we do. He inspires us, and we know when we’re at that rally, our job is to inspire him. We can tell that he’s missing interacting with us. I mean, they’ve had him locked away from who he’s fighting for. Having to be around these swamp creatures, Fauci and Birx and stuff—it’s eating at him. We know that it’s eating at him.” I've heard similar rhetoric from some Bernie supporters where they really put so much of their identity into a politician too. I wonder if as religious participation falls you're starting to see more people replace that aspect of finding identity with politics.
I know with Ferguson the killing was ruled justified or something like that even though the department as a whole was exposed to have a ton of racism in it (or something like that it's been a long time and I never looked into the actual specifics) so it's a lot more easy at that time that you could oppose the protests whereas this one was clearly super indefensible.
Dem governor will always be more palatable for Republicans than Dem senator assuming they have similar platforms.
Because he looked and sounded the part compared to the other guy who was getting a lot of press at the time who didn't.
Eh not really. They're more hyper contrarian democrat partisans. There's kind of a lack of coherent ideology outside of voting blue there. I enjoy it though, people for the most part are fun to argue with.
While the accelerationist left may for all intensive purposes be Republicans, they also would likely have a better understanding of what intersectionality means as well.
People really don't understand how on point Kanye was with this song, he was just miles ahead of most of us.
As an avid 90 day fiancé viewer I don't think that any of them have a fetish for the getting people a green card aspect.
I think it was 2018 when Trump was getting the most peace prize buzz but maybe it was just 2019 I don't remember. Either way I supported him whatever year that was, but for 2020 I'm gonna have to go with ANTIFA as my personal pick. It would've been better back to back with Trump but you take what you can get.
I mean BLM on their website have a section [advocating for defunding the police](https://blacklivesmatter.com/defundthepolice/) I can't exactly blame the general public for equating the two when the org has made it so easy to
[Not to turn into Alex Jones but some of this stuff has to be a false flag, right?](https://twitter.com/jonathanoosting/status/1271469493605236738?s=19)
The two aren't inherently contradictory as one may believe the restaurant should be able to have the right to refuse Trump people service, but also that the restaurant shouldn't use that liberty as it's toxic to use. Now granted I don't think that was the view held by most of the people who were super outraged about it, that was clearly just a tribal thing.
I don't know much about her, but she sounds 1000 times better than the alternatives.
NJ &gt; CA
Take it up with Mohamed lol
Just a guess but I'd assume he said sometime racist and people are once again calling for him to be pulled
Why hasn't Greta spoken out about whether or not we should abolish the police yet?
What happened to the no kink shame rule
I took some special science class and English class in middle school for 7th and 8th grade and because of that all my friends would be the kids who got straight As and I was sad because I didn't do that well (though I didn't really bother lol) but then I realized I really don't care cause grades are meaningless (especially in middle school)
Because the point of the DT is to argue about dumb stuff not to actually do important stuff. Though if you're going to complain about leftists for hours on end I'd hope you can also bother to take a few minutes aside to write your local officials on some ideas you think would actually be a good improvement.
Yeah I'm evangelical so a lot of people in my circles get married pretty early. Most people wait until they're done with undergrad at least, but a few go in really early. There was a friend of a friend who got married the summer after finishing high school. Which is pretty crazy but a few years later and they're still doing great apparently so it's hard to hate on it. I don't get a lot of pressure from it, but it does make me take a step back and think every time.
No this is based they're saying police unions aren't the only public sector union that holds black americans back
Considering I had never heard a Juneteenth until a few weeks ago when I saw it on my Google calander, Trump not having heard of it made way more sense than him trying to provoke stuff by having a rally that day. Good on him for moving it though, I was really impressed and surprised by that. Speaking of other than 4th of July, America really doesn't do patriotic holidays well, having more than one big one isn't atypical, but we only have one big one and a bunch of other smaller ones that don't get the kind of big celebrations you'd ideally like to see. Unfortunate that we didn't get a big one to commemorate the end of the civil war I think that would have done a lot of good for the country giving it a sense of unity today but also giving an opportunity to take a look at slavery and the past.
Typical liberul media reeeeee. The extent to which there were guys with guns in CHAZ is more comparable to the lockdown protests than bundy
I think WSJ has the best reporting. Compared to a number of non US papers like FT though they're a step below.
Defund the police in hindsight was some really smart stuff from the left (though I think this was accidental genius more than anything actually planned). Now literally like 99% of Democrats can triangulate without having to moderate their stance even a little.
Pretty based outside from the whole unconditional support of an autocrat part
Hey man I'd take Duckworth over anyone else at this point but I don't think it'd happen unfortunately
[WSJ does publish dems](https://www.wsj.com/articles/companies-shouldnt-be-accountable-only-to-shareholders-1534287687?mod=rsswn)
If one's method of judging the two doesn't take into account the contexts and events that occurred during each of their presidencies it's a bad analysis.
Obviously it's been decades, but there have been third parties in the past that have impacted politics quite a bit. Know nothings pushed both parties to be more anti immigration, segregationist parties pushed the issue better than either party could've, Reform party was a bit of a mess, but I think they did a good job getting attention to the anti globalization folks at a time when neither party was particularly interested in saying no to increasing globalization. I don't think it's fair to write off their recent collapse (ironically due to Trump's destroying the Reform party) and say the current situation is always a given.
Losing a Superbowl even in a tragic manner is still a great outcome for a season. Warriors suck now but for years on end were beyond overly strong, only reason they lost last year was for injuries. Kings aren't bay area. Giants suck now but not that long ago were terrific. Idk a think about hockey.
I mean I get it it's America somebody might see they're getting a ticket and just pull out a glock lol
Contrary to what a certain type of European would have you believe, America is not the only society with racism problems
&gt; approximately 30% of people say they would grow pot were it legal Lol there's no way this is true
Becoming more familiar with the alt right has been a really useful thing for me in that I've been able to identify someone more than a year before anyone else could. Like if someone ever says "Boy it sure is interesting that most media CEOs are Jewish" most people are just like yeah I guess that is an interesting statistic. These people aren't very subtle but if you're a normal person who's not super familiar with them I get missing it.
Obama was right to do what he did in Libya because our relationship with France was already tenuous from Iraq.
Imo the only time that's valid to bring up is if people are criticizing Trump for something Obama had done. Which does happen a decent amount.
DC is so much smaller than Rhode island the two aren't even comparable. There's no reason it should have the level of representation of another state just as one city. Ideally I'd give it one senate seat and a house seat because the fact that people who live there aren't given representation is indeed a disgrace.
Of course our president saying he wanted us to get the oil out of Syria (lol) just confirmed this as true in the eyes of the public. As if they'd take anything else Trump says at face value like that lol.
Nuclear take: Jeezy is top 20 all time. He's got the discog with at least two classics and no bad albums and he's had a massive influence in making rap what it is today. !ping RAP
What you should put in it probably depends on what you want out of tinder.
I definitely agree there, but when you have a lot of social pressure to say yes I get just caving. It's the easy way out for people who don't like confrontation.
Well yeah but if it's someone you don't know well there's no way to know that (and not really a way for them to like you already without much exposure) and if it is someone you know you can just find out if they're interested before asking them out and bypass the problem entirely.
Yeah but I'd leave the experience feeling like it was really rude for them to ask me out in the first place. And for some people that can happen really often and I think that would feel like constant harassment or something. Not that I have such a high view of myself that I'd ever be in that scenario but I wouldn't want to contribute to someone else feeling that way.
Serving a ping pong ball to them if they've never expressed interest in playing ping pong. Which is why dating apps fix this problem because everyone on the app by joining the app is saying hey I want to play ping pong.
Yeah it's all this type of stuff and I think understanding feminist thought on this type of thing is a big reason why I feel the way I do about the issue. Although I think asking someone out is just as problematic for a woman to do to a man so maybe that's not all there is to it.
See isn't arguing over whether asking someone out is unethical a way better schism than doing Israel Palestine for the hundredth time?
The added gender stuff though is so nebulous and overarching I think that to some extent you just have to accept it as a societal norm. Especially because in any given situation it may or may not really be at play to try to base one's actions around it I think would be pretty dumb. I'm more sensitive to the issue from the man to women side, but I think the principle itself it really more my problem and I was just made aware by learning some feminist stuff. That's not to say social norms can't or shouldn't be changed, but how the person is being asked out isn't the problematic thing here, so in his particular situation I don't see it as any worse.
Last I saw it was like 2:1
[Holy crap Ted just do your job and GTFO Twitter](https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/1272390385327837193?s=20)
Trump also was the least anti LGBT major candidate in the primaries though, while he was the most xenophobic by far
[We have the best people in charge of things folks](https://twitter.com/brianstelter/status/1272227451171717120?s=20)
Not just now
That disparity means that the bar for lethal force is often lowers for black americans, but this person is arguing that in the Brooks case he passed both the white and black lines so it wouldn't matter. Which I think is at the least a reasonable position to take here.
Petition to move the DT to /r/AOCbae
It's not only done for religious purposes
Big fan
I believe that is CLP's alt right spinoff
Even the people who bought the joke could've seen this punchline from a mile away
Because once you set the grounds for judicial activism, the judiciary can do all sorts of more things. Like any expansion of power, you have to be comfortable with your opponents having the same amount of power you think your side needs to shape society. Regardless I don't see this recent SCOTUS case as judicial activism anyways this was all very much rooted in the text of the law whether you agree with the interpretation or not.
I thought it'd be Rand Paul but this makes some sense too. He's an ass but as a direct cause for the current state of the GOP he's overrated.
I mean a bunch of Republicans might've had a grudge from Bork, but their policy regarding judges didn't change until McConnell became leader. And I believe there was some court brinksmanship from Dems under Reid before McConnell too (though Mitch upped the ante a lot)
Eh the reasons it's labeled in French in non Quebec provinces are dumb
Grouping the highly localized police all into one monolithic institution seems absurd to me. Changing how policing works also isn't abolishing it, that's literally just structural reforms. Even dissolving police departments and starting a new one or outsourcing to the county/state wouldn't be abolishing because the replacement still involves a lot of policing.
That's true for abolishing, I've only seen anarchists advocating for that even now, and their reasoning for wanting it abolished is rooted in police working for the state and the state being bad and literally nobody else cares about that stuff. The defund people (at least from what I've seen on people's socials) all have said that Camden defunded their police lol it's just a misleading catchphrase.
Tbf this is a dunk on the people calling Jews privileged
I don't believe in the existence of either end of the binary of sexuality, but I'd guess about &gt;!5%!&lt; identify as such
Xiaomis are better tho
Cable news in India is _very_ entertaining. Makes American cable news look way less toxic.
Now you have a drunk person who might do something stupid still like harassing people on the street who would then call the cops on them again
It is truly ironic that progressives say they're against white supremacy, but all the countries they think the US should be more like are far whiter than the US. Nobody ever argues that we could learn anything from Malaysia or Mexico. At least conservatives sometimes break this rule by saying we should be more like Singapore or Chile.
I like to think that people could still engage in civil discussion while voting for different people in 2012
If Obama can make a DACA program it makes sense that Trump can end said program. Any anger over the DACA decision that's soon to come down should be directed to the person who put all these people in that position for their livelihoods to be threatened just to be used as political pawns to get a stupid wall built.
Gerrymandering doesn't impact the senate or presidency, and can only work to a certain extent. The federal judiciary despite what people want it to be still isn't a completely party line political institution. And Republicans only have a slightly greater favorability among the military than the rest of the country.
And her many quotes in debates that would make GREAT attack ads for Trump
What did he charge?
The changing attitudes towards sex and consent are way more recent that young people realize.
Soju, Sprite and Yuzu juice
I mean the laws would be universally applied to all, perhaps there are laws in place that exist just to give Muslims problems though or without those protections you'd see things get even worse for Muslims in places like UP as discriminatory laws could be passed. At least as a long term goal it would still be desirable.
**wrong** (especially with mormons the other two didn't like Romney for that reason in 2012)
My understanding is that the current setup is much more unique to Muslims than that it applies to all religions the same. I understand why there isn't a uniform civil code, I was more trying to get Indians here to share some thoughts on it.
Nope they can just say yeah it's real but the private market will deliver us the tech to fight it far better than any big government programs can.
Fracking is mostly for LNG, right? You can easily just say that's lower emissions than coal or oil so it should be supported. Even if it was oil you can still say we're gonna need oil to have electricity and nobody wants to give that up, so might as well be American. Oil subsidy is hypocritical but Republicans keep corn subsidies and import controls on sugar in place, so it's not like they couldn't get away with it.
I still can't believe Trump got away with America First
Yeah people don't realize the party has gotten worse on the issue. It's gotten better over the past few years, but compared to where we were at in early 2000s still a few steps back.
Also going muddin on a backroad
Everywhere anarchism succeeds it gets crushed by an oppressive regime soon after. Schism over.
Alternatively he didn't know anything about it and just heard from people like Miller who were close to him that the unite the right guys weren't all that bad. I do think there's a pretty heavy echo chamber type thing going on with him and his circle, not that that would excuse it, he's still obviously racist.
There aren't any other white women being considered though AFAIK
I do but lol I'm not expecting Biden to pick her. It'd be a very easy vote though.
OAN to the left and more accurate than Fox? lol
Absolution tho
I'm thinking more from the government level if people stop caring. The atrophy from the public as a whole was inevitable.
I mean I hope that happens too, hoping isn't a prediction lol
Things Trump destroyed: * Reform Party * USFL * NBC making good TV * America (?)
Haha that's a good point, I think though that having younger presidents is likely to mean some of the same young people around them will be in roles working alongside them. If the oldest statesmen were doing a good job preparing younger generations I wouldn't take issue with having rule by the oldest, but right now I'm not inclined to believe that's the case.
The actual BLM organization sucks, you're better off donating to a more issues specific group.
Even aside from just getting a good result, I'm under the impression that cops don't really like taking those type of calls in the first place. That's not why they went into the job, so resistance to the move could be smaller.
&gt; &gt; as a lifelong republican, unleashing this crowd is as irresponsible as the protesters.. they both have rights..this is America... &gt;The protesters wore masks, used social distancing, and many even set up testing where it is available. They did everything as responsibly as possible. Trump is encouraging the opposition of all of those things. &gt; &gt;You are self-deluded in your blind support of the radical left Not even FT is safe from dumb comments sections
Cause it's so much easier to get into a good uni transferring from CC. I'm so glad I didn't go straight into a 4 year
I tried to put it in what I thought as the order of most strict to least strict reasons for opposing them. But CSA vs malicious reasons I could see being either way. I wouldn't mind having actual statues from the CSA if such a thing existed, but that's not what these are. There's no history there.
We'd get annexed instantly
Yeah but Bernie and Warren and Trump are more explicit about it while I'd consider Biden at the worst protectionism neutral.
After 4 years of doing it the line between a self interested act and genuinely commiting your life to the man blurs.
Most of these second waves just look like first waves in different places. We should've just tried to get all the waves to hit at once instead of locking everything down at once since lockdowns aren't feasible anymore.
[There's a certain aura of coolness Republicans just can't attain idk why](https://gfycat.com/insistentimpoliteflyingfox-shoulder-obama) Not that coolness is that important but all the best Republicans have been pretty boring. I guess Bush Jr. had a certain charisma to him, but I wouldn't think of him as cool in the way of an Obama or Clinton.
US really screwed up big by not making a big national holiday over winning the civil war like we have for 4th of July. Patriotic holidays are great (and winning the civil war totally deserves one) but also while it likely wouldn't have been at the time all about how ending slavery was great, it easily could've ended up including that aspect as things progressed and Black Americans would end up getting more influence in higher up positions. Probably many if not most white people had never heard of Juneteenth until this year and it's developed it's own very cool but also more niche history that I think would make it hard to cross over into the public consciousness.
That's not atypical for senators that are running for president. You saw the same thing happen with Bernie.
Excessive partisanship
What happened with Trump's rally tonight?
Where you learn about the civil war seems to have a big impact on what you learn about the civil war. I've met people who barely learned about slavery at all (or even had teachers try to downplay it) but also my history course in high school just basically mentioned the escalation over slavery and how that led up to the war, you're right that none of that is taught, but also what isn't taught is how adamant the slave states were about all new states being slave states because they were so scared of losing slavery if their power diminished. Perhaps it's my neoconservative side talking but when a regime is encouraging the degradation of an entire group of people in that way, action should be taken extremely harshly. Simply keeping the union together and nothing else would not have been an acceptable outcome. There was a need for a denazification type process in the south, and celebrating the end of their regime would be a healthy part of that. If Germany were full of Nazi revisionists today you'd hear the same complaints about how the US was too tough on them and how Dresen was an act of evil, whether or not people think they were treated well has a lot more to do with how successful the post war effort is than anything leading up to the war or during the war.
I mean I can't blame them, thanks to less testing they'll never have to heard any I told you so's about getting sick from the rally
8 oz cans of coke
Well Goldwater and both of the guys going against Obama were uniquely bad at that. so that wouldn't be a surprise to me at all.
I never found my education to be bad, but looking back there's a lot of lazy stuff that just gets accepted as fact despite being not true at all that's taught to people. That and a lot of things in history are a lot more complicated than can be taught to kids in particular so they just use a lot of inaccurate shortcuts.
Goldberg has a particularly strong hate boner wrt Wilson
French toast &gt; Pancakes and waffles
I believe that stereotype is taco bell not real mexican food
Never look for idols in history, especially with people as well documented as US presidents. People are incredibly flawed, that we see men such as Grant who I think are pretty inspiring figures with all their issues humanizes them and reminds us not to defend the indefensible even when it's people we like.
I was never too keen on it, but once I learned you can do savory french toast I really came around to love it.
&gt; Lincoln was good Ok this sounds like a take with good potential already! &gt; Because he understood the importance of the ethnostate Oh.
I believe that's usually caused by something in the water there, not the food
Imo the problem here is less the extreme negativity towards the GOP but rather the lack of a positive message to advocate for. If they had a particular ideological inclination they'd have to focus more on what they think should be done rather than just orange man bad and then that would lead them towards being a certain type of advocacy group within one of the parties (or just an issues based group). There's just nothing substantial there so it gets incredibly uninteresting after a while. Granted I think not wanting an at least decent enough GOP is in the long term a recipe for failure, but if you're gonna be that partisan about it at least just join the other party and try to get some sway there.
Graham I don't think has changed much at all on policy over the years, it's just rhetoric and politics that he did a total 180. Graham was by far the most based Republican running in 2016 and, he's pretty consistently voted on the right side of immigration bills. The dude 100% pivoted to loving Trump just to keep his seat safe, I want him to replace McConnell so bad.
And I want America to get rid of FPTP. Graham losing is probably about as likely.
Yeah I don't doubt it's possible at all, kids have too much time on their hands right now I could see them doing this. Especially the kpop fans those guys are intense.
Booker seems more popular than McGrath within the state. Granted neither have a change, but I think he has more.
More than the US yeah. Dealing with a problem you started is kind of a net neutral though lol
I mean if 2020 hasn't made you a doomer too I think you must have missed out on some stuff
Yes, yes all true. I'd just have to imagine that the same types of comments we hear today are what you would've heard people saying about Calvinists hundreds of years ago.
I believe it was Matilda who shared something a while ago saying that voters were less receptive to negative Trump ads than positive Biden ads, and I totally could see that. Biden showing how much of a contrast he is with Trump in his temperament and showing a kind of humanity that Trump isn't capable of makes a big contrast with ugly and mean Trump ads. Lincoln project only does negative activism, which on one hand given what they are I get it, but on the other, only negative activism takes away your groups ability to stand for anything other than ________ bad. Look at many Republicans running for house, if you check their issues pages you'll just see a few vague points about low taxes and wanting secure borders, but nothing at all specific and then there will always be opposing socialism or fighting Pelosi on there. The party isn't advocating for anything, and the Lincoln Project guys are falling into the same trap. Opposing Trump because Trump is bad is meaningless if there's nothing better to replace him. There are neo nazis who oppose Trump because they think he sold out to the jews, I'd certainly rather have Trump than their candidate. If you want to change things don't just focus on how much you hate the statues quo, offer an alternative that can push forward some of the values that you've held for decades. If that means becoming Dem affiliated and lobbying for conservatives Democrats I welcome that, and if it means keeping the R label and trying to get more liberal Republicans to win primaries I welcome that too, but just making fun of Trump doing stupid stuff to me looks like a group who wants to keep the immaturity and lack of substance that has been taking over the GOP for a decade at least.
Is Turkey actually trying to annex northern Syria long term? It'd be pretty funny if Syria just kept getting smaller and smaller as neighboring countries annex it.
If you're a Kurd Assad is definitely better, but for everyone else, Erdogan is at least a bit more respectful of human rights. And certainly being annexed by Israel is better than being ruled by the Assad regime.
I mean if gives people with that "interest" a legal and safe outlet I could see it being a net positive. And she wasn't really pretending to be a child or anything I don't think it'd make someone worse
A revolutionary comrade who would join us in the greater days of the sub
I mean if LGBT groups want to embrace intersectionality (which most big ones seem to desire) this is the type of thing they have to deal with. All attacks against one group have to be tied to all these other groups whose relevance to the topic at hand may be tenuous. That's why a movement that surged due to the murder of a black man has had many prominent groups within it put the focus on black trans women (who do face a disproportionate risk tbf). I'm not a believer in much of this intersectionality stuff other than the basic idea that different groups have unique issues and one size fits all approaches can miss those, but I do think people who subscribe to it are generally pretty consistent. The women's groups with focus on LGBT stuff, black groups will focus on indigenous issues, etc. It's not a one sided affair.
It's like if English had no plurals or verb conjugation
Starting at 1994, probably the most right moment in American politics since decades makes this study a bit shaky to me. Someone like Warren would've been a not uncommon Dem senator in the 60's and 70's I believe
Yes, reading a left wing conspiracy is what prompted this actually. But the same appeals to a mysterious "other" group lets anti-Semitism sneak in easily to those spaces too. Obviously we've already been seeing that in America.
I don't think nice guy-ism has the type of community that these other things have. That's just men who think they're entitled to sex and have deluded themselves into thinking they're a good person (which granted most people do that latter)
&gt; The Arab spring clearly shows that the general population doesn't believe in religious extremism. Not necessarily, Arab Spring led to an Islamist majority in Egyptian Parliament and Morsi wasn't exactly the most respectful of human rights. Islamists in Tunisia have been mostly in power, though they are a more moderate type of Islamism. But political Islam has replaced Baathism as the big movement in MENA.
This isn't about living in the nicer side of the city, it's about living in the city at all. I have a hard time believing there aren't non ghetto parts of Minneapolis. Of course there are low lifes in all sorts of places and grocery stores, but some places you're a lot more likely to encounter them. If you want to not worry about seeing people who are gonna try to go after you just go to a whole foods or something. I'm not gonna expect the off chance of being attacked by someone they've arrested with their kids to be enough that officers shouldn't have some vested interest in their community by living there. It's like when people come from out of state to represent a state in congress while they're only tenuously connected to the state, they have a lot less invested in the state to actually represent them well.
Everytime I've seen it was done with the point of portraying something blatantly racist being done ignorantly by a "bad person"
I'm sure the Civil and Human Right Commission really needs 100 million dollars
Of all those states only Georgia had a big spike. If you look at the timeline of daily cases most of the graphs are either a big hump like most east coast states or a pretty slowly rising slope. California, Texas, etc. never got to the point that NY was at in early April where hospitals were at or near capacity because they shut down before that. But without fundamentally changing anything to prevent the disease from spreading like having an expansive contact tracing system, all the lockdowns did was put the big wave on hold.
If it were forced and brought more utility to the prisoners I wouldn't mind it, but yeah I agree the current system is very bad.
Yes they're going through what NY was going through a few months ago, and Italy before that etc. It's not a second wave in the same place for the most part is my point. CA, FL, TX and all those states just delayed their first wave.
CA is a garbage state no disagreements here
Not Romney lmao he's Trump's age. DeSantis would've been the easiest pick ever a few months ago but we'll have to see how the covid dust settles if he could get back to his earlier popularity.
Vodka soda
Bill Nelson not running ads in Spanish won them Florida
I'll never not hedge
If that's all his pitch is he's definitely losing LOL
During the campaign he made a bunch of pretty left wing statements I get people believing pretty much anything about Trump pre-presidency since he wore so many masks.
Food and music easily. I've never been to the south though, so I can't say much about it other than it's impact on the culture.
Well sure I'm saying if he's resorting back to the same trick he tried last time he's screwed. I think he can cook up something more nefarious though
Despite Puerto Rico's current representative being a Republican lol, only DC would be an easy Dem seat
Not that's I'm not always for getting rid of the confederate flag, but is MS really just gonna make their new flag Yugoslavia without the star?
Yes very atypical. A Romney presidency means a bit more normal politics for at least a bit of time, I don't think you'd see the same super old field. Even if Democrats have done a very bad job getting younger candidates influence within the party. GOP was smart to keep fresh faces in power.
I just read an article that said there was a bill to just take out the confederate flag part
Or perhaps these past millennia are just a bump that will inevitably fall back down again. I think improvements can't be taken for granted and must be constantly and vigilantly maintained or they'll fall apart again. In America we've done a really poor job with that maintenance over the past two decades or so.
Once you watch an episode about something you know more about than him it makes you wonder about all the other stuff you didn't know that much about.
A mix of the Mexican elections one and the Venezuela one where there was a lot of laughing off autocratic behavior from Chavez and AMLO as just being quirky.
I'm pretty sure we're at fourth wave feminism at the moment and to frame it as just an anti trans radical vs pro trans liberal is super reductionist.
Yeah I think Trump will pull out the victory
Filibuster gets abused way more than it should, if every bill is getting filibustered we're better off without it. I was really hoping Trump could've gotten Republicans to nuke it but unfortunately he was too weak to do that.
&gt; it probably would increase the amount of times people have sex outside of marriage, and that would be a bad thing That's the argument but I'm certain it's untrue. Evangelicals just like to lie to themselves that their kids could never engage in sinful activities like that despite the fact that they in reality are never any better behaved than secular kids.
Most of the recent spikes have been a lot younger so it should be a lot less deaths than the other spikes were.
People here would likely find Costa Rica's president quite appealing
Unless there are a bunch of subreddits I'm familiar with that just got banned, we're nowhere close to one of the most relatively far right subs. There's still tons of nazi stuff on this site.
Republicans do the dunk that liberals support gun control but don't know anything about guns and that ignorance shows in a lot of their positions, but I'm saying that many conservatives are the same in that they don't know a thing about guns other than just "guns are cool" or something vague like that. This shows by a number of Republicans taking a position here that a gun person would never take as actual gun users as you point out are a lot more concerned with gun safety than just the types who think it's cool (which a number of Republicans are)
Many social democratic parties in Europe are called the socialist party. In Portugal the Social Democratic Party is actually the main right wing party. Labour under Corbyn was probably the most left wing a major party in Europe has gotten since usually there are more niche farther left parties in multiparty systems.
Mao too
Noam Chomsky single handedly made every human being in the world stupider by somehow convincing everyone that oil drives all conflict. I guess I should be grateful that at least it gives an instant red flag that I should ignore everything someone has to say.
