Is it worth spending 100 lapis on the replenishment bundle? Im 3 days in. Ive maxed out my main 5, have a crapload of cactaurs in reserve to relevel after I can ascend more units(Only managed 1). Now I wanna try and get the armor thingy from the christmas event but Im only at 4.5k canes atm and Im not sure which stage gives the most candy canes but I can solo up to Snow Village ADV, cant do ice caves ELT but I can do Ice Cave Pro barely. Regardless, I get like 200+ per snow village adv win so I dunno if I can actually make 20k before it ends while still having points for the next story mission if it unlocks. So Im looking at lapis to renew NRG but I kinda dont wanna spend 100 lapis for only 62 NRG refill(Rank 22) but 100 for 120 from the store seems... decent? Opinions? Or what I could do to try and make the 20k for the armor before the event ends? My team is neato but they all lack any sort of gear. ;_; Team is Awakened Loren/WKN/Barbariccia/Kryla/Luka.
I already threw at a buncha pulls. Hence my team. xD I already whaled 100 bucks in. Then Ive just been doing enchanted maze for a buncha leveling cactaurs while the going is good for when I can awaken my other 4 team members. I did loren first cause shes awesome. Sitting on 6k lapis still and just got to Port City Lodin so Im guessing I still have a metric shitton of story ahead of me. Just trying to do all the extra stuff now and do story afterwards. Already increased my unit limit to 300(Bought 200 slots). Im saving lapis/draws now for the next waifu to draw for. Id go after christine but since I already have pretty much everything else from that banner I don't care too much at missing her. And yep, been doing all my dailies and everything so far. I just didnt know that the 120 refill was worth the 100 lapis. Thanks for the info. So since you did answer, where can I learn about chaining? I hear about it but still dont understand it too much. And I guess Ima need to find friends. My friends all are noobs like me it seems. =(
Is there a way to farm TMR? I shoved everything into her so far. Shes at 30 trust atm. I also dont see this Joyful Spirit ability either? I just see the gowl, ticket, egg , moogles and pots.
So question about keys. Should I just open every chest I see? They seem kinda rare and cost a lot to make so Ive been skipping all the silver chests Ive come across so far but I dunno when exactly I should start opening them.
I had 500 crystals and was pulling for a Leo. Got nothing on the pull. 8 tickets. Yolo https://i.imgur.com/NM3pFZs.jpg Doubt Ill ever use him since he doesnt fit my team but YESSSSSS. So many new chains unlocked now... I hope. Never did get my leo tho. The other 7 tickets just got me another Kiki. *updates ssh* 7 new chains I can complete with Duke! Woohoo!
I yolo'd my ex tickets. My 4+ was crap but the normal one got me a Marie. Do I like her? o.O My only healer atm is Luka who Im trying to get the stuff for to awaken her. Looking at Marie she has a ton of buff/debuff stuff but isnt an actual healer so I dunno what to think about her. Team is Loren/WKN/Barb/Kryla/Luka.
Hrm. Well I just started 3 days ago so I dunno how soon something like ability awakening can actually happen. @.@ But good to know shes an actual healer later on. Now to learn about breaking since I just learned about chaining. Phew so much to try and learn. Edit: Oh breaking is just actual break skills like red their atk/def/etc? Well now thats easy. And makes more sense. Nevermind then if Im right with what breaking is.
I have no idea how events go so Im hoping theyre accessible for newbies cause I want those weapons. @.@
Oh so accessible for newbies just, as expected youd gain stuff slower since youre doing weaker fights compared to someone else. Cool! As long as I can grind myself some non potato gear from it then Im fine.
More a matter of finding friends I guess. Since All I have are newbie friends like myself. =(
Youre maxed. =( Im 740,971,216
I had deleted someone. Im so sorry. ;_; Sent a friend request now. Ethereal. Loren leader.
Woohoo! I beat pro gingerbread man! Now I can only do him when I have you up but Ill take it. I can get that coat even faster now.
Accepted, thanks a ton. @.@ Wooo. Time to push stuff with mah new friends.
Sent a request! Thanks all of you. =D You da best.
Never tried any RTS outside of SC and SC2. Just They Are Billions made me want to try out one that was noob friendly is all. It seems like a cool genre, Im just a bad player.
But what about the week of Efflorescence Shu?
So question regarding chaining. How do you figure out chaining between various characters? Im using my ipad so Im doing it all manually and so in pvp Im just messing around and seeing how chaining works. Given Im new Im just trying various things and seeing what sticks. So I see I can do a decent amount of damage by using marie to focus and then WKN + Barb Tornado + Aeroga. But how do you figure out when to start the chain and then a second question is when does the wind resist reduction factor in? Im assuming it means target takes more damage from wind, so if I do an elemental chain then WKN should deal 30% more with Aeroga + extra from tornado? Note: I know WKN is a tank. This is just me as a noob trying to get used to the idea of chaining in general. I figure if I have some sorta basis I can figure out more later on. Easier to dip my toes into chaining I can do atm. Regardless in this case I'd want tornado to go off first but not early enough so that WKN can still get 30% extra damage off the second hits? Or is the reduction calculated when damage is done so if both hit at the same time I can still get off extra damage regardless? Or am I over thinking chaining? D= Or or is chaining manually just something really hard to pull off? Cause I have no plans on doing anything on my pc. I play mobile games to play them mobile. Not to drag them onto my pc. Sorry if this is a dumb question. Im just trying to learn some more stuff for myself now.
Mmm. Makes sense then. Which is why its so odd to try and chain tornado and aeroga. It works but its sloppy.
I dont get this. So in this case you're talking about 2 Barbs that chain off each other then? Chaining is kinda confusing. I get the general idea, more damage if same element, you're essentially bouncing a hit counter between two characters in a weird game of magic pong so a double tap means it's over. But what does a finisher mean then in regards to chains? Since I dont have a barb friend atm I'ma assume with multi hit skills that each different hit raises a chain counter. So tornado hit 1(#1), tornado hit 1(#2), chain raises 1 counter. Now since Im perfect and timed the tornados perfectly, now tornado hit 2 goes off(#1) which raises the chain counter to 2? Then rinse, repeat till tornado is done and you exploded the enemy? That's whats meant by finisher since Barb has a multi hit spell so she can perfectly chain off a copy of herself? Or am I mistaken somewhere? And sorry for sounding like an idiot, I am one I swear.
This could have very easily have been posted in the daily topic. Nor is it a new sentiment. You pay weekly to renew it after first usage. It's known. Doubt it will change and they'll keep offering it I suppose as a way to give people free legendary skins. You're also not forced into spending 1k points. There is a silk skin, a box, and other items which your points can be put towards. However BB does read reddit and so I'm sure your idea on the 'fckn waste' has or will be seen and taken into careful consideration.
Oooooooh. I dont have dualcast on Barb so I didnt know that was what you meant! Thanks for clearing that up. Now it all makes sense. I was originally gonna edit my post to mention that I figured a finisher was like person 3 in a chain where 2 people would build it to max then 3 would be the holyshit kaboom dude. Ok now it all makes a lot more sense. Thanks for explaining it to me.
Man my 10+1s always look cool. I dont even care if these units arent terribly good. I like more units just cause they're cool. Whaled for the pack, my 2 10+1s got me Rem, Marie(Number 2), Loren(Number 2), Gladious, Hope, Nine, Rubicante. Getting Rem makes me try and figure out her vs Luka tho. The rest seem kinda meh though. Rem gets dual cast. auto revive and seems to have a vast magic arsenal. Luka can cure everything with a skill awakening. Is Rem just better?
Sent a request. Sorry, so many high leveled people were so nice and sent me a friend request I kept hitting cap. @.@ Do you all not want other higher level friends? Or do you have enough slots at your level where you can have a few lowbies? Granted in my other mobile game I play I dont care about the level of my friends either so it could be the same as it is here.
Ahh. Well thanks for the friend. You and everyone else are certainly helping me clear content I def couldn't at another time. Now Im just aiming to get 2-3 of those abilities from the snow event before I head either into TMR farming or story.
Are there magic daggers I can look for early on for Rem? Or do I just equip her with rods or staves for now?
Ahh. Ok thanks. I'm working towards my 2 TMRs from Loren which Ill get sometime this century so I'll make sure that she gets one first then.
Ok! Thanks for the info.
Thank you for the info.
I started like 4 days ago. O.O;
Yepyep! Thanks regardless. So equip her with a dagger anyway and look towards the future. Now I know. Whee. Almost all waifu team too. WKN isnt waifu sadly. ;_; Loren/Marie/Rem/WKN/Barb. Elf looks like a tank but WKN just seems better so meh. =( Im surely enjoying the game tho, tons of help in these topics and people are friending me and helping with stuff like events too.
I doubt Im anywhere near those but Ill take that in mind, good thing I can save posts. I only managed to awaken Loren, I have the rest of my team to go. I should slap myself for even thinking about super gear too.
Given I play on ios, Ive never actually done mobile on my pc. Where would be the best way to find out what sorta emu to use and then a macro guide so I could set up tmr farming?
Yep. We get half points tho.
You da best! Took me ...10m? to set up and works perfectly. Im new so I wont be using it too much just yet but its nice to know it in advance.
I could see that. Atm Im doing Loren x2/Mariex2/Emperor cause I figure those could help me the most as a new player. Emperor for Barb, 2x dual wields cant be bad and 2x rainbow robes? Sure. Granted I wont get them forever but hey, something to look forward to.
Im not actually using Emperor tho. My team is Loren/Marie/WKN/Barb/Ren. Just Emperor's trust gets me a good weapon for Barb I think.
I need to enhance so many units eventually. @.@ Only did Loren so far. Now I have no more mats. After my main team I wanna see about working on a few of my just cool units too. Like Elf. Gotta sub her in eventually so I can all waifu it up.
Makes sense. Im 4 days in tho. I gotta be realistic. Hell, I only evolved Loren cause I managed to get in a buncha Cloud matches to trade soldiers for awakening materials. I have no idea how Ima awaken the rest of my team now.
Yep. I have some friends already. Im looking forward to the sword so I can give something good to loren.
Since this is my first real event, can you get multiple weapons/equipment? Or is it like 1 per? And is it hard to get atleast 1 of everything?
Which inventory? I already increased my unit inventory to 300, havent touched friends and didnt know if there was other inventory to increase. Im rocking a halfway decent team so I just need gear for them and awakening material now. Loren/WKN/Rem/Marie/Barb. And Ive been TMR farming 2 lorens/2 maries/1 emperor for that gear like a month/2 down the line. Im looking to the future!
Oh boy. More stuff to spend lapis on. Good to know. Well I wont be stingy then. I figured I didnt need to pull anymore so Ill make sure I go to increasing those limits as needed then.
So with regards to 10+1 ticket, ow does that banner work? Is it all units? So I should save the ticket till some banner I like is up and then use it for a low chance of drawing said unit? Or is it just some random hodpodge of units and I should burn the ticket now? I dunno how the 10+1 thingy picks its units, same for ex tickets, so I dunno when I should do pulls. Im still new but I hae a decent team Id think that I need to awaken, so I dunno if I should pull for the sake of pulling or what.
Thats fine. Just wantedto know what units it held a ll. So I could just save the ticket till a banner I like for a non boosted rate potential draw. Might do that then.
So for the event are we just farming medals to a later date? Im not magically missing something am I? Kinda scared to use my NRG since I dunno what I may not be seeing.
...If there wasnt a monitor between us Id kiss you. I didnt know you used them to summon. X.X Oh my god it all makes sense now. Now I know where to get those royal orbs to make the weapons! Oh my god it's all clear now.
I am new, 5 days. So I did not know that last tip. Im not pulling on this banner tho, no waifus, dont care. But good to know.
Oh good, lightbringer isnt 100 ranks down! Now to hope I can make it this century.
Will do. You're right tho, the sub has been awesome. Made a few high level friends who helped me with the snow event right at the end and helped understand some stuff from the game in general. Now this banner will hopefully get me some weapons for my team and the nrg I dont have to spend will go to either TMR farming or doing the story. Running Loren/Marie/Barb/WKN/Ren and TMR farming 2x loren/2x marie/Emperor atm.
Yeah it wasnt till after that I was like.. oh, where did these things come from? xD
Ethereal, Rank 26 nooooooob~ Sent.
Thanks a ton. I will let you down! But atleast Loren looks awesome. =D
Oh I can survive for a while, its more that I give up cause Im plinking away at his HP and slowly losing. I just need some gear it feels like. I should probably do more story now that this event doesnt require NRG and same TMR farming for another time. Im sure with other friends I could bear pro eventually. Thanks for the tips though. Do wish this event had awakening stuff however. ;_; I wanna awaken my other units. I only have Loren awakened and no idea how Ima get more awakening items outside of buying the daily for 15k. Edit: And nope. He demolished my units even tanked up. =( Your unit still soloed him but yeah I was dead in 4 turns.
By 6star mats Im assuming you mean 5 to 6 star awakening mats? Cause thats what I need. ;_; Need to awaken WKN, Marie, Ren and Barb. With the Cloud match I got enough items only for Loren cause I started right as the event ended. And I did try tanking in the match but he just demolished me in 3-4~ turns even broken. So Id need a friend who could 1-2 turn him on pro to stand a chance. Your unit did perfectly tho. 19 turns later he was dead. xD
Yeah. I have the story, event, I need to look forward to the chamber of awakening so my awesome units can become awesomer.
Oh my god... the chambers open for free daily. I was thinking it was a rotating thing like the enchanted forest and gil snappers. ;_; Is there anything else I need to know about this game now rather than later? I learned today the medals from the event are for summons, chambers can be opened daily, friends are awesome, this game rocks. I need something else to blow my mind now. Edit: I read the beginners guide. I shoulda read it better. Ima go hang myself in a corner now. Loren I dont deserve you.
That I have looked into surprisingly!
And waifus. I get to look forward to banners with waifus I wont pull!
Yeah. I also noobed my way into googling my awakening materials and then finding the chamber opens free once a day! I could farm my mats. ;_; Some of these characters are super power at 6stars so I think it'd be worth farming this for a bit even tho it is 20 nrg and complete rng to if Ill even get items I need or not. But still like you said, pro + elt is fine for me. I just want to get some gear so Ill take what I can get. I didnt even know you could refresh orbs for lapis too so if it comes down to it final day I could do that too.
You're absolutely nuts. And I say that with love.
The wiki says it does as a rare drop tho. https://exvius.gamepedia.com/Chamber_of_Awakening Is it outdated/wrong?
Makes sense as a female why you wouldnt know. You'd be after husbandos then, a more niche idea and the counterpart to waifus.
Does the https://exvius.gamepedia.com/Chamber_of_Awakening really drop 6star awakening mats as a rare drop or not? Is the chance so low that its not even worth the 20nrg to try for them?
Yeah I didnt miss his banner I just didnt pull from it since he wasnt limited. Pulled Christines banner and got WKN and enough Tinkerers to start my own work shop. Saving up all my newbie lapis for a banner I like down the road.
Well Im so low that those 20nrg can be safely put somewhere else then. Guess no awakening for me for a while.
Sent a request! Ethereal 26 is moi! Edit: Also forgot to just say thank you!
&gt;.&gt; Cant add without an ID. xD Im 740,971,216 or you can just shoot me your ID. But thanks for the offer!
Dunno if it's ok to ask here, if not I'll delete this post but I figured I'd make a seperate post asking if anyone had friend slots open who could either solo ELT or help with pro. 740,971,216 is my ID, Ethereal Rank 26. I can do pro with friends but ELT demolishes my team in 2-3 turns cause of lack of gear and what not. Again if I shouldnt ask here just tell me, sorry!
Oh yeah, I never check posts a second time, sorry! xD Request sent from Ethereal!
Healing/def wont help me. I get demolished in the highest tier one. Your Christine is doing great however, no worries there. I dunno if I should try her soloing the strongest one tho. I kinda dont want to waste an orb. But no worries again, just having friends for the second highest is perfect for me. Im new so whatever I can do is great!
Well WKN melts for me even with breaks and defense up. =( Then everyone else follows after.
/u/Densuo Just cause everyone else was doing it.
Nope! That requires doing story which Im actually doing now. Im on the second map and the mats are towards the end I guess. Figured since this event doesnt require NRG I can catch up on it then.
Are there any 1-2 star units to look out for and keep for any reason? Did a massive pull looking for Paul and got him but now I have a ton of 1-2 star units clogging up the pipes and I wanna sell whatever I can.
Everything else is ok to sell if they're 1-2 star? Cause Ill keep them on the lookout then.
What do I do with all these special moogles the event draw is giving me? I dont plan on drawing on the banner so my chance of getting the units are low but they take so much space.
I actually didnt know you could merge them, that was my problem. I do the daily pulls which is why I said my chance was low, not 0. Now that I know you can merge them though, lot easier to keep them around. Thanks tho for the advice.
Recommended order for making event weapons? Started a few days ago and my team is loren(awk)/barb/wkn/ren/Marie. Made the sword already so that + falchion is on Loren. Gonna go for two staves next, dagger for ren, dunno what's best for wkn and after that dunno what else to make. Dunno if I should worry about the earth sword or the claws at all. As a side question. I can awaken one more unit, either wkn or barb or wait for a few more mats for either of the other two, any opinion on who should be next? And last question, almost have one Loren tmr done, who should use it?
Recommended order for making event weapons? Started a few days ago and my team is loren(awk)/barb/wkn/ren/Marie. Made the sword already so that + falchion is on Loren. Gonna go for two staves next, dagger for ren, dunno what's best for wkn and after that dunno what else to make. Dunno if I should worry about the earth sword or the claws at all. As a side question. I can awaken one more unit, either wkn or barb or wait for a few more mats for either of the other two, any opinion on who should be next? And last question, almost have one Loren tmr done, who should use it?
Well Ive made the Sword and 1 staff so far, staff for Barb. Atm my units include Loren x2, Marie x2, Emperor, Rem(I keep saying Ren, its Rem!), WKN, Barb, Elf, Gladiolus, Kryla, Hope, Mercedes x2, Nine, Luka x2, Soleil, Leon x2, Grace, BT Fina x2, Rikku x2, Amelia, Bran x2, Helena, of the earth x2, Desch, of the waters, Glauca x2Silvia, William x2, Cor, Olif, Rubicante, Tinkerer Carrie x5. Main team was as stated Loren/Rem/Marie/Barb/WKN. I 6stared Loren first but yeah, now I can 6star one more unit finally. So WKN is my best bet for second 6star? And I'll send a friend invite now then! I'm Ethereal lv29 now.
Mmk, so Ill make my 2 more staves, 1 dagger then just make 1 of the sword/claws for having them sake and after that if I still can make more stuff, Ill figure it out then.
Well being new, I dont exactly have a big pool of units. So I did some homework and some questioning a few days ago and out of what I have, that seemed like my best possible team. Loren x2, Marie x2, Emperor, Rem(I keep saying Ren, its Rem!), WKN, Barb, Elf, Gladiolus, Kryla, Hope, Mercedes x2, Nine, Luka x2, Soleil, Leon x2, Grace, BT Fina x2, Rikku x2, Amelia, Bran x2, Helena, of the earth x2, Desch, of the waters, Glauca x2Silvia, William x2, Cor, Olif, Rubicante, Tinkerer Carrie x5. Edit: And being I awakened Loren, I kinda dunno who to awaken second.
So awaken Rem next, koo. Ill need to get 1 more material before I can actually awaken her but yeah, her 6star skills look neato. Nice heal, finally gets her dagger buff, reses.
Makes sense, thanks for the input. I just have so little resources atm that I dont wanna make a mistake when I cant really afford it. Better I suppose to ask help then to make a mistake and ask forgiveness later.
Yeah Ima do that after gil snappers finish. Figured Id save up gil. Already at 2mil so Im stocking up more.
What did Kirna do to you?
I guess since I use Damien I just never saw her as a problem.
What are the properly built ones? I have my own Kirna warming the bench with Jin cause fuck if I know wtf to do with her.
But then Damien hits you and you die.
Then I must be facing all bad kirnas cause Ive not faced one with a shield I can't out damage. Maybe Ill just go and raise my kirna for when her EE comes out I guess if shes better then Alexa. And I guess raise Vanity too.
Is that some new 5star I havent heard about?
I just started this game a week ago and I whaled already. Cause I can. I want waifus. Tell this banner to go away already so I can spend my lapis on another banner for some cool units. &gt;(
Im wondering. Go on.
* **ID:** 740,971,216 * **IGN:** Ethereal * **Rank:** 33(For now) * **Lead(s):** 559 ATK Loren * **Activity:** Secondly * **Looking for:** Friends who can clear pro events at least. Just started a week ago. * **Other:** I don't bite and was checked for rabies.
I actually mentioned the wrong version!I was looking for pro friends, not elt. Im never gonna remember the order I swear. For elt I have 1 friend who can clear it for me over 20 turns so I just do elt every 3h or so. I need more PRO friends tho, my team is still squishy and not very damagey so pro can't be done yet. So pretty much any unit can do pro tho so Im not picky. Ill update the first post tho.
My friend who clears ELT is a DKC. Its kinda boring, kinda long but a clear is a clear. Just spam that move that damages himself and depending on crits it takes between 15-20 turns. But a free clear is a free clear. Ive finally made one of every weapon too except the fist and I didnt even notice the event was going for so long. So now I can get myself more staves and a second dagger and then who knows what Ill get next. Thanks tho!
Well my team dies turn 2/3. &gt;.&gt;; Im running Loren/WKN/Marie/Rem/Barb tho. Even with barfiraga, I end up dead. =( That only protects me from fire afterall.
Loren x2, Marie x2, Emperor, Rem(I keep saying Ren, its Rem!), WKN, Barb, Elf, Gladiolus, Kryla, Hope, Mercedes x2, Nine, Luka x2, Soleil, Leon x2, Grace, BT Fina x2, Rikku x2, Amelia, Bran x2, Helena, of the earth x2, Desch, of the waters, Glauca x2Silvia, William x2, Cor, Olif, Rubicante, Tinkerer Carrie x5. Thats all Ive managed to pull in my weak of playing.
Yeah I just need more cactaurs, a lot more. Ive run out of my stock so I cant even finish off Barb or even look at a second unit now. =( Ive also not touched my second Loren since I barely have enough weapons for my first loren. Gear is a huge block right now. And I mean, I dont mind. PRO vs ELT is just a 700~ point difference so I wont die either way if I cant do the hardest difficulty.
Accepted and thanks!
Given Im a week in, how many of each event item should I aim for? So far I made the Light Sword, 2x Staves, 1 Dagger, 1 Shield, 1 Earth Sword. I wanna make atleast 1 more dagger but given we still have so many days left I know I'll be able to make a few more items most likely. I just dunno whats a good number of each item to hold. I figure I won't need more then 2 daggers ever. Not sure if I should aim for a 3rd staff. Probably a second shield atleast. No clue if the claws are worth it.
Someone hold me, Im crying. I hit claim all and claimed 3 120 energies. ;_; I wanted to save them for this weekend. Im new! I didnt mean to click it, I was trying to just claim the cactaurs I had bought. ;_; I mean I guess this means go through the story now...
WG leads to so many midstalls Im not sure if I like it or not. My last match went about 15 minutes of Vero/Felix/Seres vs Choi/WG/Seres. My team wasnt fast enough to catch Vero or Seres, so Felix continued to get the ball but Choi/Seres wouldn't attack him and Felix would heal off punching WG and each time Vero/Seres got the ball WG would co-op so they'd never try to pen. Ahhhh the vicious cycle! I still won cause their Lev's last kick did 300 damage cause a Jibril &gt; Lev pass didnt give him enough spirit for an active but still. WG is so troll some times.
I was hoping for xenoblade info. Im waiting for NG+ so hard, supposed to come out this month. No info tho.
Im sure it depends on the person. Talk to Innox or someone and I bet they don't want the DM if it means their crit damage with 16% pen evolved or something dumb. Sometimes you just want that one stone with the amazing sub stats cause that's literally all you need anymore. Some people make millions per week and can make every unique they need so those rare stones with stupid stats like 16%+ in something are worth their weight in gold, Im sure comparable for them to a legendary unit.
Odin EE, even tho she isnt for like 2 more patches iirc. ;_;
Hence why I said 2 more patches. =p
Im very optimistic. Maybe next one is both of them since they were skipped this one. pls odin waifu.
I didnt think Kirna EE was this fast. Since I drew her, time to join the cancer. So Kirna/Aiolos//Duran/???/??? ?Figure I may aswell blow my stock of littres and piggies and max her out now and see if I can even fill her line, if I cant I may just stick with alexa then.
Aiolos is still Cr tho. Are there better options? I've never seen a silk or bi or even Alice with her. I've also never used a Cr gk outside of irre for fun decades ago so what do I know about cr units.
Not seen any rainbow kirnas. =(
https://i.imgur.com/od8ciHg.jpg Kinda sad its a dupe. My first time ever finding one in scouts tho. I was just looking for Vanity or Altair dupes. Whelp, bought it and I guess Ill just lick her a few times while I look for 1 dupe now of either Vanity or Altair. Do rainbow kirna's reroll any slots? Building mine now to never use her since both my Vanity/Altairs are 1/5.
O, then I guess I was looking for altair dupes. Not that it mattered, got another sob after this so I quit looking cause Im down to 100gp now.
Maybe Im blind or an idiot, but where do I see how long till my raid orbs return? On the home page it used to show it but now it shows the new event so I dunno where to look.
Well damn. I dont wanna level up cause I can use an orb then level so I guess Ill just keep checking. Thanks for confirming this for me tho, I was checking everything to see if I was legit blind.
Ahh. Im only a week into the game so this is my first time experiencing this, hence the question. Well no big loss for me, just need to guesstimate and try and play around with my levelups.
So I have multiple questions. First, given Im a week in, Im wondering how I should figure out who's skills to awaken first. I also dont have many unit awakening items so I was wondering what units might be worth awakening aswell. Loren x2, Marie x2, Emperor, Rem, WKN, Barb, Elf, Gladiolus, Kryla, WoL, Hope, Mercedes x2, Nine, Luka x2, Soleil, Leon x2, Grace, BT Fina x2, Rikku x2, Amelia, Bran x2, Helena, of the earth x2, Desch, of the waters, Glauca x2Silvia, William x2, Cor, Olif, Rubicante, Tinkerer Carrie x5. My main team has finally all be awakened Loren/WKN/Barb/Marie/Rem and fully leveled so Im wondering if I should worry about awakening other units now or save for a later date. Someone told me since I have two Lorens I could chain them with each other so she was an option for me. Soleli is pretty so I have her maxed at 5star waiting for a potential awakening though I heard she needs her skills awakened to be worth using and I also have Marie/Rem so is she even needed? Or hell any other unit could also be awakened if Im missing any. WoL wasnt mentioned cause I drew him today and WKN looks cooler anyway. Then comes the idea where I dunno who's skills to awaken first either. I dunno how many story quests there are for the event but Im at Truth of the Past 90NRG to complete next and not a ton of mats yet and I dunno if I only get Purecrysts from the stages themselves or just from the bonus rewards. My other thing Im curious about is how two Loren's would work if both have different element weapons. How exactly does chaining work with regards to elemental weapons? Main loren has the light sword/falchion and my other has x earth greatswords. ...Sorry for this shitshow of a post and thanks in advance to anyone who can offer atleast some insight. Kinda overwhelmed now that I have so much available to me.
Hrm so 2 lorens wont work till I get me my excalibur then or go 4x earth greatswords. Well guess I learned a lot.
I just noticed I had 6 extra SoBs even after I had already crafted my SHoT/SoB as my first LUQ long ago. I DONT WANT MORE SOBS. Someone trade me for some GK stones? Maybe an IC? Ive never had an IC before in all my years of playing.
Wish we could trade. I only find SoBs in scout. ;_; I like my SHoT/SoB on Jean but hes pretty much all I use it on, dont regret it tho, just regret Ive had like 11 SoBs so far and not one single ignition catalyst or something. Or even stones to make a Kirna unique. No, I get 6 SoBs and 4 CCJs.
I need 4 HoMs. Im up a SHoT and LS. ;_; Grats on yer luck tho. Buy a lotto ticket.
I have literally no stones for my kirna. Or even characters to use in her line. Vanity/Altair at 1/5 each. Hate life. 2 shots, 1 LS. We're 0 for 3. Batting like the major leagues right now.
I always considered her balanced OP, despite how that makes no sense. She does what she does but not in any really gamebreaking way. She has a legit 6star worthy line totem that isnt like a bazillion defenses like Duran was. Her active just makes her stronger but she is naturally strong so its kinda a wash there imo. She gives a line butt and team wide debuff but her debuff doesnt last 12 hours, has a legit condition attached to it and she also requires positioning to make her work out perfectly which can work against you in away games due to how weird stuff is set up with regards to your assist slot positioning and stuff. Honestly, imo, she's a legendary player worth her weight in gold without being entirely broken. Miri/Jibril/Old Meta/Felix could be considered like 7star units, the next tier of legendary while Jiho is just a balanced legendary. This is all how I personally feel about her though. Legends should feel stronger than a 5star(RIP Jin/Meta/Leventor/William) but they shouldn't feel like theyre a star above whats stated. Then we're gonna be like 5star units, legendary units(6star) and omega units(Nat 7star). Some units start feeling like a nat 7star compared to Jiho who is just 'better then any other 5 star'.
Irru is a 1 star unit hiding in a 5 star body. Forget that you own him.
You need to hit them more than they hit you. Thats pretty much it. Each hit you do deals a % of their HP, so you keep hitting them till you get it front, then keep penning when youre up front till its at.. I think 600~ hp? Thats when you can kick, its HP will drop to 1 and then the kick will deal 1 damage. If you have a Shu/Shu friend you can stick him front to get in the penetrations faster since he double attacks. Or any units that make you faster so you can get in more attacks than they get in.
Yeah Ive never actually done it that way so I couldnt say anything about it. I always just hit them more than they hit me with whatever line I had.
Kirna with only Nerua? No Altair/Vanity? Has everything Ive been told a lie? Is this a subreddit of lying liar faces?
Dude, you dont run a defensive miri? I see them all the time, hearts of minerva everywhere so that they dont get crit when the backline pens through her.
So with tomorrow coming I dunno what to do. | | | | |:---:|:---:|:---:| |Striker|Gerbil|Girltheon| |Dies for your sins|???|The Doggo| |???|???|???| | |???|???| WG mid has won me many a games. She doesn't care bout no body, cept when she has the ball, then she cares. Otherwise she stops games hard with 40% co-op. With the new alexa nerf coming tho I dunno if I want a wall mid. She's such an effective wall on the come back that only mono pen teams reliably go through her from all the games Ive played. She'll gladly kill herself on a duke but on taking the pen only mono light duke's have just straight gone through her. This is obviously bad for the new Alexa though. So Metatron is another option given her buff, tho would I want a Batt Metatron again? Or go for a LUQ and get something FS/CCJ and reroll her? Does make her squishier on the steal though but with her new supposedly always 80% AB I doubt we can really keep her super tanky on steals. Then comes the new Kirna. I could stay Alexa and hate myself. Go back to Glayde or try the new Kirna. If I do Kirna I could do something like Jiho/Hilde/Kirna/Aiolos/Nerua tho Im not sure this is enough crit reduction for Miri's, is it even possible to have enough crit reduction for her? Hilde is there over altair for the chain and cause without a reroll I dunno if Altair is worth it. There is also the option of instead of running Megatron, just running Yeo Jung, or running her over Hilde. | | | | |:---:|:---:|:---:| |Striker|Gerbil|Girltheon| |Seres|Megatron Redux|Choi| |Jiho|Yeo Jung|Aiolos| | |Kirna|Nerua| A vert HP/CR totem is pretty neat, her stones might be good enough to run her/aiolos as both co-op fodder. Dunno tho, never used Kirna and no idea how yeo/meta will actually be.
311/367 chains done. Finally got my Cassiel back. Ive finished all possible chains I can now. Own all classic star units, tons of new stars, missing a few legends still so Ortega is gonna forever be the last 3star Ill never get to complete. 84% of all chains done tho. I wish I had a way to track subchains now cause that's all I have left to go after.
Only if I can keep your DS.
I just noticed the influx of Kirna means even more Aiolos means even less Rabian usage. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. D=
Ive posted my maxed Valerie a while back. https://i.imgur.com/WttL0bj.jpg I only ever sub her in vs light GKs tho. Damien is stronger vs everything else. She stomps Alexas and Isillias for me tho over Damien. Just give her Galb and I forgot whatelse I gave her. The photo is just her naked. https://i.imgur.com/4GTfaa1.jpg Thats a photo in a game but its an old one, old Hamchops and stuff. I don't have one of her with a Balth pass or anything.
I dont wanna spend money but Ive been waiting for a Mirr skin forever. ;_; It looks cute too tho the leg positioning for skins are always so weird.
So looking at Yeo Jung... I kinda don't see it. Her stones are ass for a CM, ardor and 2x dark is shit. Better then 3x dark I guess. Her only ability to help her is Space Distorion which only gives a massive 20% Reflex and dec damage by 20%. She has a HP/CR totem on a line and even her HP recovery is kinda shit cause it's with an action and not like just in general to atleast make her look mildly appearing. Even if we were looking at mono/dual teams without legends Kyouske/Erica look better then she does and Erica even gives global pen resist. Dark has Lynbell and fuck it, Ignes even. Backline she def doesn't seem to have a spot so I kinda dunno what they were thinking about with her. I.. want to like her but unless Im missing something or she breaks the curse of special units having shitty stats, I dunno who's gonna use her outside of like 5star league as a meme cause they don't have WG or someone who just really likes her and uses her anyway.
It looks like her left leg is broken unless Im seeing it wrong. Its like her knee is going inward while her foot is going outward. They do that with all art tho so I dunno if its even a valid complaint anymore. We should start worrying when the legs are normal.
I doubt a red reflex + her passive is gonna put her reflex anywhere near what it matters. Looking at her stats on SS, her reflexes are 772 at MSUP/60. So her passive isn't really gonna do shit to somehow push her above common mids. Dribble and steal are even less than Odin's and she's a leader unlike Odin who is a defender so she's gonna suffer from leaderitis mid. I'd rather have seen her with a thunder slot imo, then she could be a midline totem with a FS and aim for just stealing potentials. Im only comparing her to Odin btw cause I can't really think of another unit to compare her to. She's a leader with defender stone slots. She's a special unit but isn't WG so being tanky doesn't seem like what she should be good at. 20% DR, 20% reflex, 30% crit resist and 20% HP on special unit stats does not a CM make. Even comparing her to E alice, E alice had a lot worse stats but more power and her abilites were a lot more useful. I don't see 20% HP for your frontline assist mattering much and backline you can go for 10% less CR on your GK and run whatever chain unit they have and probably have a better unit backline anyway. Like Hilde or Altair for Kirna, Irre... ok, Yeo might be a better CR totem for Irre given how absolute dogshit Irre's chains are.
I wanna see how Odin fares with her. Figured Id try Aiolos/Odin/Kirna/Pinol/Nerua and see how it works. I was debating Chundo cause I was looking for crit debuffs or just good debuffs in general, but Pinol seemed like a better unit to buff with Odin.
Yeah I have a ST, I wanna build my legendary tho. I need a shitton more gold tho. I also dunno if I wanna go ST/HoM or DM/HoM.
...Thats true. I didnt think of that.
As someone else said in yesterdays topic, I dont see this as good enough to make her good at CM again in pvp. I faced her a few times in pvp and she just fed my WG. She'll suffer the same against Felix I'ma guess. She just repeatedly hit my WG and while yes, stealing my AB was annoying, she just kept suicide then and giving my WG free pass to their front. Against Felix she will probably deal some damage but not enough to KO any good felix and will just provide healing for their team. This is also why I run my WG still, cause against Felix I dont need to worry about anything. Half the time I'll just see stalls mid as their line passes around forever rather than feeding into felix.
Yet every team is Miri pretty much. Which makes her absurdly weaker then before. 1 stack of her passive from a Balth &gt; Miri start is no where near enough to survive any half decent Miri even with a legendary. Even my Glayde takes less damage now from Miri's then Alexa does. Thats running a full backline Jiho/Duran/GK/Nerua/Shaman.
I lost to your stupid team at overtime. Just saiyan. Thats with the stupid pvp buff from the uhh, whatever is the not ranked shit. We tickled each other and you won by points at the end.
Yeah my Damien would get you down to like 700~ but your leventor was tickling my Glayde. She never went below 2k. I didnt see the end so Ima just guess a final kick was done on Glayde solo or something which let you win by points. I got tired of watching after 30m passed in game so I just stopped watching then.
He never got a chance for multiple kicks. I was running Jiho/Duran/ER+DM Glayde/Magnus/Shaman and your Lev was center which meant he kept kicking into 3. And with the pvp stats buff Glayde was sitting at 4k HP. So he was kicking for 800~ ish but your felix kept healing, and healing. My backline kept trying to pen him and failing hard. So each time I thought I might KO Kirna she'd be up another 2k HP again from heals.
Ima be one of those, I dont have the perfect backline for it and I use WG instead of Felix, but yeah my Kirna is maxed. Just need like 10m gold to make her legendary. My backline isnt perfect either but Ima run it cause I wanna finally use odin and Kirna gives me the best excuse for it. Vanity/Odin/Kirna/Aiolos/Nerua. Odin will massively buff Kirna's debuff and Vanity's debuff and Im not sure but Ima guess it should also buff the action bar debuff Aiolos has? Gonna see how well that line works.
Got myself the new whirlwind GK and the new ardor guy. Yay, more chains! Sadly can only complete the ardor guy, but thats still 1 more unit chain completion.
I do WG &gt; Baldr but a lot of it just comes down to using supports who can increase crit damage imo. I also use Baldr ace since he's essentially a special uriel ace. Without Uriel you have units like black daisy active if you cant do it straight out, etc. Look for units like that. I forgot what units reduce defense from the backline too.
Wooty
Has anyone tried Yeo Jung yet? Im debating stuffing some littres into her vs maxing my Vanity. I already have a CM in the form of WG but meh, maybe Yeo could be good?
Has anyone else had their game crash when combining stones? It reminds me of the old crash where the game would crash whenever you ST'd a player. Ive crashed everytime Ive made a new HoM. On that note. ST+HoM or DM+HoM for Kirna? I finally have 4 HoMs and a ST and DM. Dunno which is better. Only healing already in my line would be Aiolos and Jibril frontline.
So while doing Yeo Jung's chains Ive noticed... her chains are fucking amazing. Seres, Choi, Elchi? In separate chains? Her rival sucks but otherwise holy hell I wish everyone had her chains. For mono they... are decent, but rainbow? Amazing. You can find Elchi everywhere so no worries about not having your own. Rainbow will prob be running Seres/Choi anyway and tbh ernesto isnt THAT rare, Not as rare as Lukia anyway. Edit: Oh and Seres/Choi/Elchi have her in their own chains. Shes in every chain she has herself.
Well atleast this makes me feel better that it isnt my ipad or something.
Have any kirnas rerolled the red slot? I dunno if running a red reflex really amounts to much and red kinda feels like a waste of a defensive slot if you're not slotting a DM in there. Reroll it for dark? Just keep it?
Oh I know. I was on the Yandere field trip long before her EE even came out. Just Damien and Presty came out and it was like... well.. uhh.. bye. She and Sharr are sitting on the ardor bench with all my other hyper maxed ardor characters I dont use anymore but miss. RIP Angela. Balth/Gerbil, rip Renee. Etcetc. =( But yeah I might just do that then. I already swap out Damien vs any light GKs cause Valerie has been destroying them for me. She's been my thunder Damien. Edit: And I dont need Jiho for Kyoko either which is nice. I dont -need- Jiho for Damien but I feel like I need her less for Kyoko cause Galb exists.
But seres wg/Yeo and Choi is sexier
I like the Skittles I get in that line cause of Yeo. That and he pens for me. Seres just gets punched and Yeo or wg kinda sit there.
https://i.imgur.com/HJgHD82.jpg Not even mad at the x52. Pen went from 4.8 to 8 on that +15 so I'm quite lovin' it. Kyoko got a shiny new stone.
You let it repeat. That's it. Now depending on how invested your backline you'll finish within 2-3 miho heals. If you're running Seres/Linmay/GK/Lucian it matters how invested your units are for how much damage Hilde does to herself. I use Alexa and my Linmay is 60, Lucian is 50 and I can usually pen through Hilde at 2 and a half heals, sometimes 3 depending on how often Hilde is ramming Alexa/Linmay with her active. The way I do it is just to make sure Hilde is at 100~ HP and Miho is at 800~, Alexa can punch Hilde then and then my midline can get the ball to Aske to win. The other way is to use Seres/x/Lucian/x but I dunno how different that method is. The tl;dr is you just keep it up however. Miho's heal heals for less each time and you -should- be outdamaging it slowly with their frontline also taking damage from stealing/penning.
Yep. A lot of my extra damage comes cause Bora gets a massive amount of ATB back that shes constantly KOing Seres. Presty is obviously freezing her which will screw you over. With my set up my line has no action bar so what happens is Seres is KOed, Alexa has ball, I pass it. Linmay/Lucian get the ball and since they have like 20% bar I never need to worry about them doing an action. Their frontline steals the ball back and Bora almost instantly gets another shot. Linmay/Lucian revive the line when attacked which means Seres is always alive so Seres is getting KO'd multiple times per ingame minute. The only time it takes over a minute is when Bora actually tries a steal and instead only gets a KO instead of a reflex steal cause then her action bar is back to 0.
Yeah, in CoD/CoT if youre running some form of seres strat most times presty will be counter to it cause a lot of strats involve her dying a lot. Edit: or just remove the paralyze. I forget a presty without paralyze can exist. &gt;.&gt;;
Ofcourse live pvp would put me against dericksd. ;_; I managed to survive to 43m tickling his GK. I shoulda tried Rabian all things considered.
So are people still running alexa, swapped back to Glayde? After the last nerf she seems ugh but Glayde is barely much better for me in a 4 man backline. I dunno what to do. Back to Angela? idk. 5star league. Normal I can just run kirna.
Whats the fastest/best melee weapon for slicing off body parts? Im a bow main, first game but I kinda wanna try a melee weapon. I super enjoy cutting off body parts tho but I cant stand slow weapons. Recommendations? Edit: I kinda wanna try bugstaff just cause it looks flashy and not slow. But is it useful for cutting parts and a decent solo weapon?
But I dunno how fast weapons are, hence the question. All I really know is hammer is balls slow, GS looks second slowest and demon blades are stupid fast but have the range of somewhere inside your body. I just dunno the weapon types outside of training so I dunno what would work as a part cutting weapon but also not be insanely slow.
Is there a way to deal with the ticking damage in the bottom zone? Just got there and had to fight Odo for the story and while hes easy the constant ticking damage from the poison air and his enrage just wrecked me.
How much harder is 2-4N then 1-4N was? I got brutalizied doing 1-4N but I managed it with 1 support + my main but I see that one of the quests is to do calibrations which I have no idea what they are but I wanna do them to try for the second to last event award, unless I dont need it? I already have all the rewards from spending tokens so I unlocked the unit from the event but I wanna get atleast 1 challenger medal and I dunno if that means I should grind really hard to do the 2-x night missions.
Yeah as I told another poster, I just never built my RF units before this. I focused on my smg/ar team and barely touched my RF girls. So I went in with some super SMGs and underpowered RFs to bruteforce it so I could start doing the dailies. Loli Waifu and M14 are beasts tho, even at low level. Happy I have like 5 Grizzlys too, so I can atleast x4 her without wasting cores. Saving my cores for raifu 99 and my RF team(95/FAL)
IM SO EXCITED! SO2 is the start my li gaming life. Rose tinted glasses be damned I could play SO2 and SO3 and SO4... SO5 doesnt exist, and SO1 and not care. Ive been wanting a new SO no matter what and not this is coming stateside. AIIIIIII. Im a 30 year old and I just fangirl screamed and I dont even care. Heres to hoping the game doesnt suck, since Ive never played it or know anything about it.
Good to know. Thats what I did last time. Friend went down in 1\-4, I went up and took the boss/everything else, I won with 2 units left but fuck it, a win is a win and now I can do those dailies.
Until I multiply that kuribo a million times and then threw them as furry grenades at your stupid dragon!
RIP wallet.
Is there an event tomorrow? I kinda dont wanna pull today, I excluded Jibril already so I kinda want a chance at both presty or ein, Im wondering how much I care for bonus milage if there is no event tomorrow. I have 8k crystals and 120\+ tickets to burn.
Anyone know if there are any figures/keychains/etc of M99? Loli raifu! Checked my usual amiami and there are figures I could find for only 4 characters so far, so Im wondering if GF just doesnt have much in the way of merch out yet.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. Theyre cute. Ill take offbrand china knockoffs. Theyre adorable. Thanks! Figures you never go anything but official but keychains, no one cares!
Yeah Im just waiting for tomorrow. I dont care about milage. I care about legends I dont have.
5 star doesn't really matter imo. There are too many 5 stars and you cant exclude every one that youd want to. The dupes could also be used as fodder which makes them not as painful to get. Now legends is a personal pref. I excluded max legends but its cause I was a megawhale and didnt want to draw another new legend that I already had. Your case is deciding how much will it hurt you to draw a dupe legend, can you afford to use the DS to exclude the legend, etc.
140 tickets, 8400 crystals. Finally did get ein after all my tickets and 5600 crystals. Ill take it. Also got 5 new units! Wonny, Gigerfelt, Asuray, Sephirot, Kura. Im excited cause this means I can finally do more chains! And I kept my 1.9k DS. Wooo. Keeping my DS is the best part. Time to max her out! Edit: I know Ein is new, but rerolling Dark for light? Dark kinda sucksas a slot and I dunno if I'd care to go for a DM/Something stone over just keeping her with an ER/DM instead since its something I already have anyway. Going for DM top seems meh anyway, she sucks crit but her biggest boon seems to come from crit damage reduction over crit reduction so DM just seems like a better option as a sub which leaves either ST or ER as the top.
And I havent actually played the Persona Dancing series myself to make comparisons there. But I have played GH/RB and comparing it there, hrm. Im great at Diva games but I was absolutely terrible at GH/RB.
Saved crystals too. Having 2.8k at the end is... 2.8k more than I expected. Means Im ready for disappointment depending on the next waifu legend I wanna try for.
Ew Felix. Hisshiss. I dont use dudes.
Trying to do a dual ace team, havent actually played for a long time but I wanna go dark/ardor and Yeo Jung's ace seems nifty to let me run upside down waifu. Dunno how well it'd go. | | | | |:\-\-\-:|:\-\-\-:|:\-\-\-:| |Rabian|Melisa|Baltheon| |Serestia|Yeo Jung|Choi| |Jiho|Death Queen|Odin| | |Ein|Nari| I haven't tried Ein yet but Ima assume steal is a debuff so it'd be affected by Odin. DQ already stomps pass effect, Jiho is Jiho. Midline is skittles galore. Can't hit any chains with frontline sadly. If I don't think that an ace burst for reflex is needed I could go for Ein ace tho, then run Roina mid. Other options are to nix Nari and go for 2x passes \+ Yong Hee frontline to ensure Rabian keeps stealing and getting shots off. Idk. I just wanna run Dark/Ardor and try out Rabian. Can always swap her out for Noa/Sharr/Kyoko/Damien if Im facing an Aiolos. Have pretty much every unit, opinions?
\(Passive 2\) Night of the Lemures: Steals the Attack Power by 30&amp;#37; and critical rate by 20&amp;#37; of the attacker when being attacked with a shot.\(Activates only when placed in Goal Keeper position\)​ \-.\- Not stealing. Atleast get it right if you want to try and correct me. I haven't gotten to use her yet, I'm just going by her skills while I work on doing all her chains so I havent seen if her steal skill is a debuff or not, which I said I 'assume' it is. Cause it obviously wouldn't be a buff, so unless there is a third sort of skill type, then it'd be a debuff which would be buffed by Odin.
What legendaries are you people using on utility strikers? Figured I'd finally build one for Rabian but Ive been out the loop so long idk what to even aim for. Actually looking at stones Im wondering if trying something like RoM \+ Transfer of Corruption? Hrm, probably not good though cause she'd have enough reflex given the line... but decreasing CAR seems kind of nifty... Or just build a SoB \+ GoFJ? That does seem nifty, extra pen, extra crit damage. Frontline is Rabian/Melisa/Balth/Metatron with Niarose ace. For that matter, I know one player ran Niarose, anyone remember how they stoned her? Im running her as my CM atm cause.. my options mid kinda suck. Seres/Niarose/Choi. I could run Seres co\-op as CM and Niarose as a sideliner.
Noa ace team dream still alive! Just gotta figure out now how her first passive works. Is it after everything or base...
Anyone know if Noa's new skill is total AP or base? Cause if she takes 3.5 after her own ace burst, she might be interesting to use?
My first bae. I'll always use her whenever I can. As an attacker she was my first option for characters to use that could punch Dukes/Khirels in the face and come out with a 50/50 against them when being penned against. Has/had the highest personal base reflex buff and has decent reflexes to use it with aswell. Honestly doesnt need it all that much though cause reflex isn't as much of a deal now a days compared to simply brutalizing units with raw damage which she has in spades. Personally I run her as exactly that, a 5star legendary attacker. She gains massive AP from her first passive, and is usually first to start unless she's being massively outsped. Her starting with the ball is pref to not because of her second passive Magic Power Leak which is great cause she can proc it twice. It's essentially a free EBM that lasts for 10m in mid/frontline since it procs when she penetrates and then again when she passes in the frontline which makes for a great attack boost for your striker. I've always been against the grain with stones for her, but my own personal pref is to run Red/Dark Crit, red penetration and Encompassing Soul. Given all the innate crit she has, even though she has no actual crit damage boosts, these 3 allow her to crit and crit hard while helping out the fact that since she has no sustain, she'll lifesteal back a bunch of the damage she does to keep her happy enough to continue attacking vs being a one trick pony. Now all that said, reason to use her over everyone else now? Meh. I personally love my Miku wannabe on rollerblades but she is selfish as a lot of attackers are. And if you're running ardor then your wing options can be better fit most likely with units like Victoria, Nabi if you have her, Erica, Choi, hell Ive run Nari mid before. Roina is not CM material but fits in the wings perfectly. Na Yang Ho is sort of a downgrade to her imo. She's never been the ardor unit to use and now as more units get released shes being powercreeped on hard so there is honestly small reason to use her outside of 'I really like her' reasons. Chain wise theyre fairly decent, as she has useful chains from fairly common ardor units in Victoria/Nari/Melisa/Shu. Fighting spirit is trash and will almost never be activated however, same with affection unless wonny somehow comes into meta.
Is 5-4 a decent not get killed level to drag some dolls around for levels? My main team is 70~ FAL/M4A1/Type95/UMP45/Skorpion and I wanna get to work on the 2-xN missions so I need to level some RF/handgun units. Dunno what would be the safest/fastest way to get them up to to snuff though. 4-3E? 5-4? Gotta level M14, Grizzly, and M99 for my night missions. Grizzly is gonna be my HG cause I have like 20 of her, M99 for raifu and M14 cause I also have like 90 of her. And then just using supports and seeing if I can bruteforce 2-4N so I can do enhancements for my final dailies.
Yeah. 2-4N is calib. My only problem with 1-4N when I bruteforced it was no AP, so I had to draw in my M14/99 cause everyone else did no actual damage. I havent actually tried the 2-xN levels yet so I dunno if 2-4N is going to be another one where I get rocked by not having armor pen, unless being at 90+ means I can bruteforce it regardless.
Thats good to know. Ill continue leveling my main team then and just toss in grizzly when I get to the night missions.
So opinions from mono ardorians. [https://imgur.com/a/HSxV1VF](https://imgur.com/a/HSxV1VF) Running ideas for a mono Noa burst given her new passives. This is a side team to my ardor/dark team that Im still messing around with cause fuck I dunno what to do with Niarose. I could also meme it up and try for Elaine mid which honestly might be better then Niarose mid. Or just say screw the HP and go for Na Yang Ho. Regardless, for the mono ardor noa. [https://imgur.com/a/iWGpkeG](https://imgur.com/a/iWGpkeG) Opinions on where to go with that? One thing I was debating was saying screw Nari, put Kevin frontline, Vic over Roina\(This is probably a guarantee, I just forgot to do it in the screenshot\) and then... Micki backline? Yuri just for the HP stacks? I haven't tested how Noa's new passive works but it could potentially be fun. And I always have Kyoko as my back up if this doesn't work anyway cause Noa's passive sucks or something.
So how exactly do dorms and batteries work? I have 6 dorms unlocked, 12k, 15k, 10k, 10k, 6250, 4630 comfort and yet Im only getting 35~ batteries each recharge. Is that normal? I figured Id end up with more per.
Do you know both times pst? I can convert easy enough since Im -5, aka est. So one pickup is 2 - 5 pst, and the other is? And thanks for this, I didnt know anything.
So is 4-3e actually better core drops? Or can I just grind 5-4 and get the same amount but better exp? Im not actually getting hurt in 5-4 so I wanna grind it for exp but also get myself some cores too. I dunno if levels actually do drop more 3stars tho or if its just a mental thing? Cause neither hurt me so idc which I do but Id rather further my team.
I. Need. FALs. Now.
So I havent beaten 2-4N yet but my question is, how exactly are calibration tickets used/what are they used for? Im only going to need 3 quests for the event which are to consume calibration tickets but is this a time thing? Or can I just consume 200 instantly when I beat 2-4N? I just want to know if I need to rush for 2-4N tomorrow or not, or if I even have time to do it.I already have 200 tickets from the 2400 point reward so its going to be just a matter of using them.
Interesting. So Ima need more 5star gear then. Shit, how did people spend 200 tickets!? O.O;
OOOOOH. I thought it was 1 ticket per attempt. Well that makes it a lot easier. Now I fully understand it. I guess when I beat 2-4N I can just calibrate my silencer or something then. Im sitting on 2 5star night visions, a suppressor, HV and HP ammo and a camo cape. The suppressor seems like itd be the most worth it.
See, I was thinking its one ticket per. Now I understand it more. Any piece of gear I should aim for first then? I have 2 NV goggles, HP and HV ammo, 1 suppressor and 1 camo cape.
Mono Skittles and Ardor/Dark funsies. [https://imgur.com/a/oA1G2Z6](https://imgur.com/a/oA1G2Z6) Stoning both at once was a pain. However, Noa is fucking awesome. Holy shit. Kicking people for 11k is awesome. I do need to know however, how are people stoning those amazing super fast starting 1 shot Choi's? I feel like my choi is a snail. D= And he doesn't always manage to pen either. I also need to find a way to make Erica and Kevin not suck. Atm they're kinda just... there. But still, Im happy with both my teams.
I have mine with CI, Dark AS, Ardor/Dark CD. D= I could prob go double ardor CD but is ignition cat better then cold icicle?
I actually legit havent. I'd run him.
Well in the case of IE, does it add a lot of world gen? Thats another thing I suppose Im trying to avoid. I'm fine with.. 1-2 new ores. But I don't want to collect 18 different coppers then tin, then bauxite then dragonite then meteorite then whatever other ite you can think of. Im mostly looking to keep this world as vanilla-ish so I can build/etc while having fun sidequests of sorts to do in the meantime. Not to farm 28 different ores, then spend an hour trying to automate everything so that I can automate the next thing. Tinkers is straight forward and barely has shit to look for, Mek.. ok, Mek is OP and I just enjoy it cause its a mod I always enjoyed. If IE isn't a heavy tech mod then I guess it wouldnt hurt to add it. So long as Im not turning my modpack into another kitchen sink pack, Im tired of those. Some fun little mods and a bunch of building stuff and Im happy.
Shhhh. I dont know that! &gt;.&gt; Ok, I want something to compliment Mek that isn't another Mek! Better? God, I swear no one lets me have fun. &gt;.&gt;;
That does. Thanks.
No worries though. Im looking at minor magic mods now too. If I only keep mekanism and stuff like actuallyadditions and 1\-2 magic mods I won't even be mad. I dont need more mods, just figured Id get info exactly like you provided me. Thanks.
Yeah and I mean I just always liked their blocks personally. Its koo.
What tiers got vita codes? Honestly I dont even remember wtf came with my set, I paid for the 300 tier and that was like 20 years ago in internet time. I already have the game on my pc twice cause of the release, take down, rerelease but honestly fuck all if I can remember if a vita code was put in to the bundle aswell.
Exactly my problem. I wanted to try it but I cant go two feet without another dark biome and while they dont bother me, I want new biomes not the same 4 repeating 100 times. I cant seem to fix it either.
Stated and done and even without spawning in one theyre actually every other biome I see. Ive lowered it to 2 and Im still seeing them more often then any other biome.
What equipment is the least useful? Ive cannabalized all my 2stars and I want to upgrade some of my 5stars and dunno what subset of 3stars I can start using as fodder.
Im ready for Fal. Shes all I care about.
I really wish the website was laid out better. I have 38 games and fuck if I can remember what I own. I wish it would show you an 'Owned' or something. GOD. Anyway I want Imouto Paradise 2. Hows Evenicle ?
Oh, I know the urls. o.o I was just stating what I wanted. My comment was more \&lt;website really needs x\&gt; then \&lt;and from the sale Im buying y\&gt;. And I wanted to know how Evenicle was. IP2 I was gonna buy regardless.
Do you have to register? I can't find it on the iOS AppStore so it seems like something everyone will get if milestones are hit
So who should I aim for next? https://imgur.com/a/NEiNpjo Didnt wanna do multiple screenshots so aside from that I have Springfield Im leveling cause I have 900 of her, Welrod with no investments, Thompson(x2), UMP9(x2), 416. Who should I focus on leveling after my 2 RFs?(M14 and RaifuLaifu99) I have a buncha SV-98s Ive saved up to level, want to finish Skorp eventually. Need to level a few HGs Im assuming since I only really have Grizzly. Im hoping Mk23 cause shes a waifu, but the only options I have are Five-seven, Welrod, P7, SAA, Makarov, Tokarev. Been chucking the rest. I kept all of these cause of cuteness.
Well Im doing 0-2 religiously. I just havent used my cores yet. Been leveling my rifles so I can start my 3-x night stages. Gonna probably finish up Grizzly today to x5 later while I level up up M14 more. Type95 Im in no rush to hit x5 with yet. I have all my dupes planned out already so all my extra FFCs have been hitting the chipper and damn does she drop a lot, same with those useless HGs from 0-2. Type99 is getting leveled regardless cause shes raifu but Ill start on Makarov then after I finish my 2 rifles. Still havent even looked at any MGs aside from bunny waifu but I guess those dont matter till SGs come out anyway.
This made me chuckle a lot more then it should have.
Is there a list of easiest units/stages to go for to complete dailies/etc quests? For bosses that's easy enough but honestly fuck me if I can remember where to find normal robots or whatever they're all called for these daily/weekly/event quests. And yes, clicking the quest takes you just to the stage but doesn't tell you which particular level is best or even which has the particular enemy you're looking for. Like today's event for me says eliminate 20 normal machine type s.f. enemies. Wish I knew a way to just knock it out in 2s, apparently 0-2 only has 1 of them cause I'm at 2/20 so far. And for the weekly Im at 20/200 armored machine types, which I'm going to assume are the night tanks? And Im at 0/200 for armored humanoid which.. I have no clue what they are.
Dunno why you were downvoted. I also hate watching videos for... well everything. Give me text and images unless its something that requires a video like a secret in a game that's literally 'So walk around this one rock 20 feet down this slope of no name, turn three times, press x, jiggle in a certain way and bam, sword of whydidicomehere appears. Cause then a video helps. Otherwise spare me not caring about your intro, your youtube channel, your voice Ill probably hate, seeing your loading screens, the units you have that wont matter for me cause we probably wont be using the same ones, etc. Just give me the juice.
Any Khriel friends? Global, IGN: Unspun Rank 150 Odin is prob my ace atm. Figures me having every legend except Khriel and Jin would one day bite me in the ass. Just need a Khriel friend for the boss fight so I dont waste crystals.
Anything to do with M99 is a #win.
How long do you guys spend on your dorms? Spent 50 bucks, finally got my FAL costume along with 2 P7 and Tokarev so now I have a crapton of dorm stuff. I already spend like 130~ last event and spent like an hour on my dorms. ;_; Now its time to do it again! ...Not even mad. M99 deserves only the best. Good thing I have 6 dorms. Time to see what I can do later.
Just did that. Feels good. Now I have 6 10k dorms and they all look sweet to boot.
Monster! D= your girls deserve better!
I had the opposite problem. I 5x'd my Grizzly with dupes except for the final 5x one which I paid 15 cores for cause I didnt want to wait for the last dupe to just 5x her. I did finally manage to get 1 calico tho after what feels like 200 different tries.
Can this be activated US?
Oh good, 30 days. This is on all channels though, even on the twitch app it shows that i can't sub to any channels. Also tried on firefox and no good.
If youre able to watch your game 24/7 or close to it, is there a consensus on the best 4 logistics to run for the most amount of resources evenly distributed? Given no regard for any items from said missions. We dont have the 7x missions out yet and Im lazy to try and math out which 4 missions would evenly be the best for me. Im at 52-59k~ on everything but 86k manpower and I kinda wanna just even out my resource gain for when we do get shotguns and heavy production. Working from home means I can just watch my stuff all day and night aswell so long/short logistics dont matter to me.
Oh wow, thats actually great. Thanks for the link!
So proton decay? Damn. Fuck man I dont wanna lose my sub streak -.-
Nature's Beauty. All the old versions of better underground disappeared so trying to install it gives an error.
Are there any 2 stars that arent obtainable elsewhere? basically I wanna make sure I can unlock all my 2stars and use them are powerup suppositories without accidentally selling some unobtainable one or something.
Thanks for that. Time to feed them all away! Space, glorious space!
Which missions are best for armored machine and armored humanoids? Just night missions? Gotta knockout my weekly.
Oh man! You just made atleast a part of my day.
Ahh. I had seen this earlier but I only saw mention of one face so I didnt know if it was changed to only look like the old grinder and not actually be able to have an output on all 4 sides to allow for crazy wacky wiring.
What logistics are you guys running with the event currently out? Any changes or same 4?I just run 5-3, 3-2, 6-1, 0-2 for the past week or so, dunno if I wanna change anything up. Maybe go for more ammo. Im sitting at 137k, 52k, 58k, 75k so I wanna start building up an ammo stock.
Got it my first try. Still no M1918 ammo tho. =(
M99. ;_; Ill never use her on a normal team but shes adorable.
Yeah. I normally just sit on 100 contracts of tdolls and 200 equipment. Maybe Ill just build a bigger stockpile then, which should happen anyway since 2 of my missions give 1 of each.
Is the game down? I could have sworn I have a sunborn account but it logged me out and I cant reset my password cause of network error and when I try google it just says login failed. My internet is fine cause I can use it for everything is else so idk whats happening. Edit: nvm it is under a maint. -.-
I agree to an extent. Piano and Shakespeare puzzles from silent hill hard mode are beyond unfair and if you solved them without help you are a god.
No, cutlass Shakespeare puzzle from 3. You had to have actual good Shakespeare knowledge to get the puzzle. That was entirely unfair. Ok, maybe not unfair but that was a shitter of a puzzle.
Mod fixes? And isn't metallurgy only 1.8? I guess I should have stated for 1.12 if I didn't. I've just been getting bored with the usual tinkers stuff. It's neat don't get me wrong, but then I kinda never wanna use anything else from another mod until I get some OP "Sword of destruction from the heavens who can slay even the devil +20 and goes through chaos reduction shield of OPness Mk500" which would finally beat out whatever I make from tinkers.
How many resources do I need? 162k/62k/57k/89k resources, 100 cores. Just sitting on them. Dunno how prepared I should be for a few pull attempts. Wanna abuse this rate up on logistics while I can.
Opinions on 20 gems for 10 refills on the combat sims? I dont care too much to spend gems on whatever, I have all my dorms and stuff, not really looking to any skins unless theyre for my new SG/MG team which is why I ask causeI kinda wanna try and fast track my new team to lv90\~ Burned like 80 pulls yesterday to get PKP so I could finally make my PKP/PK/MG5/Mk23/Elphlt team. I dunno if the 20 gems for 10 rerills is like overpriced or what not for what you get. &amp;#x200B; I also dont know how Adv Training exp actually works. Is all exp gained distributed evenly between all units? Is it bonused as usual depending on the units dummy linking? Just so I can maximize my exp gains. Would I use like 5 100s to clear the adv training and just use this second team and theyd gain full exp then?
Hrm. Damn. Well I was hoping for the combat reports too as an extra, but good to know. Guess Ill figure it out.
Huuum. Maybe Ill just slap it on Kikirat then since I have no one else to use it with. Thanks.
Assassin Coli or Lor or Ruele or Ravi for first 6 star? Decisions decisions... Coli is a cutie but I dont have any speed sets for her yet. Ruele is rocking amazing HP gear from the pvp set + other stuff. Ravi has generic atk/crit stuff cause I havent upgraded lifesteal set yet to see if its worth a swap. Lor also has generic atk/crit.
There is a megathread for questions exactly like this.
Are there any speed sets to be found anywhere? My A. Coli needs one badly.
Someone beat 10-10 with just 2stars with a 5star evo cap on them.(Aka he couldnt 6star his 2stars, only 5), so no, you can beat 10-10 with anything. Roll for what you want.
So I asked before with no answer. Is there any speed sets I can just find? Or do I need to farm dragon and just hope for something good from there? Need gear for A. Coli.
Yeah but where? I know about some of the other lab sets, but I havent seen a speed set so I dunno if Im just not there or if a speed set doesnt exist. I know found gear is stronger than crafted, but Im just interested in a speed set. I have HP/atk/lifesteal. I need a speed though.
Ashton Anchors was the first Barreler. &amp;#x200B; [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CbZ6z4HDeg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CbZ6z4HDeg)
So Im confused. I can see the pack in the US, but I cant see the individual game pages. What happens if I buy the pack? Do.. I get the games even if I cant see the pages? I'm so confused.
Whats the cheapest Equipment production I could do to still get decent equipment fodder to level up my gear? I don't wanna keep doing 151x4 cause it feels like a waste for just fodder, but I'm not sure if there is like a cheap sweet spot for average fodder exp vs cost to make/cost to upgrade. I have all the gold gear I could want for 2 echelons+ now it's just a matter of +10ing my gear. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Also is there another HG that could take GR Mk23's spot in a 3MG/HG/SG formation? I don't care for her normal outfit and I'm unsure if I either missed her sweetheart outfit, if it's just not up for exchange or not out yet but until I get that she totes doesn't fit in my cuties team.
O.O I just saw her tile buffs. Ok, I want her. She's the only HG I dont have, makes sense. And guess I'll spam 10x4 then cause Im sitting on almost 2k weapon thingies. -.- Thanks.
Yeah atm Im running Elphelt/PKP/PK/MG5/Mk23. Ive wanted to have a SF unit since I started this game day 1 so Elphelt finally made me make my first MG team. Just Mk23 doesn't fit in the aesthetic too well. Ive been trying for months for Suomi so I could finally use her stupid 2D skin but now that I know contender has amazing buff tiles I'll swap to trying for her. Edit: Elphelt be able to dish out damage is also why Ima aim more for contender over using Colt SAA tho that is a good option itself. But waifu gotta be able to pop someone should the match last long enough.
So question regarding stats on characters. So some characters scale off something else, hp/speed/etc. So in the example of A. Coli, she scales off speed. So would I want boots with atk % on them? Or speed on them? Attack still gives attack but whats the % of speed to attack in the case of her? Trying to find out my optimal set.
Urgent Missions are once every 2 hours from what I've read. Otherwise the chance to trigger is random. Just keep doing missions every 2hours since the last urgent one till a new one procs.
So question regarding stats on characters. So some characters scale off something else, hp/speed/etc. So in the example of A. Coli, she scales off speed. So would I want boots with atk % on them? Or speed on them? Attack still gives attack but whats the % of speed to attack in the case of her? Trying to find out my optimal set.
Just one question. Under factory &gt; Retirement &gt; Select T-Doll, I'm not sure if this is just my mind or an actual change, but I'm almost positive before the UI change you could change the sorting from Ascending to descending and sort by from default = level to to Acquire Sequence. In everything else, it saves what you just used, however in retirement you ALWAYS need to recheck your sorting which is majorly annoying for anyone spamming doll creation and then retirement cause you need to resort twice to find the new units to retire. &amp;#x200B; So the question is will this ever be fixed? I could understand if options swapped to default when either the game closed OR you left the factory page itself, but it's only for the retirement part of the factory page that sorting never sticks and I wanted to know if that sorting is either bugged, intentional or will ever be fixed.
So speed main stat on boots over atk%? Edit: Just for clarification. I have speed set boots, sub stats are whatever. But main stat for boots can roll atk% on boots only, or speed. Just not sure if getting extra speed is worth it over the rare atk% cause I'm not sure how everything adds up. I have both boots and need to start upgrading them for my A. Coli.
Koo. And yep, got all of those. Got a T5 epic chit chance neck with crit damage/atk subs, and a t3 epic ring with atk% main and crit chance/damage subs. @.@ My A. Coli is gonna rooooock~ Thanks for the info. No speed subs on ring/neck but I'll take most over just garbage accessories.
Damn, only 172. =( I need some better gear in her other slots. Ugh, her gear upgraded super nasty for me. 59% crit, 172 speed. Ick. Guess Ill be happy atleast my Ruele's gear didn't upgrade terribly.
Prob. She's rocking 3/4 of the pvp set and all her gear properly upgraded with HP and resists and stuff so she's sitting at 9k HP with just +9-12 gear so I cant wait to see how it looks at +15 and when I get the pvp chest. &amp;#x200B; The res is sooooo good too.
Dunno how I feel about the event ring. A T5 epic is nice.. but speed set with HP? Uuuuuggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. &amp;#x200B; Granted still a great ring, but Im crying. Do I wanna use it over my T3 with attack%? &amp;#x200B; Mostly care about A. Coli. Mine rolled Def%/Speed/Crit Hit Chance/Effect Resistance so the sub stats arent terrible.... But I'm currently using an Atk% with Atk/Crit hit Chance/Crit hit damage/Effectiveness subs T3 ring... &amp;#x200B; What to do... Do I just eat the crit damage/atk% loss in exchange for HP and speed, speed of which A. Coli loves... or just put this on Tieria or something.
Yeah, I think it's prob just best for Tieria. My Ruele is rocking the pvp set so def no need there.
Im not using my Diene, but good to know it might be an option for her if I build her up later.
Thanks. Minor thing but as someone who’s been spamming every other week or so for certain dolls, it’s frustrating when you need to retire the new dolls but the settings don’t save and it’s only for retire that it does that. Almost second nature now to hit retire, descending then acquire sequence after every 10 or so dolls I produce.
Yeah I can echo that. Davi is dying a ton now.
Since you seem to have atleast some knowledge which is more then I do. Just a minor question so I dont spam questions and I can just hope we end up with a megathread or something. &amp;#x200B; Is going mono a bad thing? I pulled all 5 dark units and have an actual team of characters I enjoy. Metis/Elizabeth/AI(From facebook)/Lan Fei/Pantheon. I chose AI cause I didnt like the look of Dana and AI was dark which fits in. Elizabeth is my waifu but I have no idea how end game is and if I'll just hate myself a ton later on or if content might just be harder cause I'm mono. &amp;#x200B; Mostly asking for now cause it'll prob be a while before non-omega whales can make multiple teams to focus on and have for different content. Also leveling sucks, jesus. So grind 4-6, feed fodder if needed. &amp;#x200B; I guess one last question is, are there any 3 star units that you just can't ever get again to make sure you lock and don't feed? Or are 3 stars aside from maybe Davi free reign to feed or sell?
Thanks for the big post and a lot of things to look forward to. Atleast Elizabeth is just 'nothing special' and not terrible though. I REALLY like her look and I kinda want to focus on her. I'm usually a waifu player in all games I play but even Pantheon doesn't seem terrible and his story is highly amusing. So I'm atleast glad atm stuff is'nt bad for me. I did forsee the future being hard but given what you said, I figure I'm still ok for atleast global? I'ma play a lot so I'm just mostly worried about the -now-. The future I forsee myself with multiple other elemental 5stars and lower(I have like 30 other childs) and so I know I'll eventually have more. Just don't want the now to suck terribly and you alleviated that fear.
So I wanted to know, for expeditions, it says the longer it is the better the rewards. Yet the exp is the same if you do it 12h vs doing 1h 12 times only 1h 12 times gives more possible rewards...? &amp;#x200B; So am I missing some reason to do 6/12h aside from when Im asleep? If Im awake is doing 1h every 1h just better?
Is that worth the extra time then? Are the box upgrades worth losing 12 separate items if we're going with the 1h x 12 vs 12h x 1.
Separate question, is there a reason accessories are thrown at you when they cant be used? So many accessory drops/tickets but you can't use accessories till you get a unit to S-Rank? Unless S-Ranking 3stars is super easy so that's why its done? Im using all 5stars and getting the onyx and a unit to lv50 seems like a chore. Not that I mind, it's just getting a TON of drops I can't use early feels super weird.
Another question. Practical way to get gold? Or should I not be looking at doing 3 gold pulls a day? Its 900k and thats kinda a lot of gold given the gold we get.
Just to try for 5 stars without using gems. I like collections. xD
So what youre saying is... there's a chance.
Since you're awake, one last question. Any recommended stage to grind pre 4-6? Im just doing 3-7 or whichever is the equip+ one cause I can atleast afk farm it and finally burn my stamina. I can do 4-6 but I need to be awake to use my skills or I'll fail. &amp;#x200B; Or is it worth paying the 2k for auto drive cause the exp difference from 4-6 over 3-7 would be worth that much more? I just wanna burn those 1k+ stamina I have while exp up is active but I dont wanna pay attention.
Yeah, Ive used all my awakenings on just my mono dark team atm just Im trying to save to make sure I can do the awakening at lv35 so Ive not done a few C/D++'s. Sitting on 400k~ atm tho so maybe it'll be worth just burning some gold now in exchange for a metric buttload of exp for the future. Since gold is everyday but exp+ is only weekends until they stop it.
Im confused by how levels and everything work. My team is full lv30-40s\~ and Im getting bodied in pvp by lv11s. Is pvp more a matter of the unit/skills then stats? Cause that would just make sense then. I dont expect to win with a mono dark team, but its just odd to run my team fully skilled up, B-A ranks and then getting smashed by characters half my level. &amp;#x200B; For that matter, what constitutes power? Do these players just have better gear or something? Half my level, full Cs and they have more power then my team does. Very confusing thing when levels dont matter but theyre in the game regardless. Wish I could see enemy equips and what not.
https://imgur.com/a/CqprBER The gear is kinda crappy tho. (A)2 star weapon/armor on Metis, (C)+4 Weapon/+3 Sailor Uniform on Elizabeth, (C)2 star hammer/+11(A)3 star armor on AI, +1(C) 5 star weapon/(A)3 armor on Lan Fei, (C) 3 Star Shuriken/Sailor Uniform on Pantheon
https://imgur.com/a/CqprBER
So a lot of it is just gear then? Mmm, ok. What should I invest in? 4stars or better? And what is the +cap on gear?
Yeah, Elizabeth is my main focus cause shes my waifu. So Ima max her out. Ill aim for 4-5star equipment to level first then. Main problem is just an issue of not enough gold, but I guess it'll come in as it comes in.
And heres another sale where I wish the store would tell you if you owned a game or not. I hate needing to go into these sales with another browser tab open to run through my games and see what I dont already own.
Quick question, whats the best stage for machines? Im one 4-9 item away from Yuna, then I noticed I need the machine killing part left. Don't care about drops or exp, I just want to destroy this quest as fast as possible.
I hate my life. Ofcourse the 5star event ticket gets me another dark. Frej this time. ;\_; All 5 of my 5stars are dark. Metis/Elizabeth/AI/Lan Fei/Pantheon. ;\_; Now Frej. Dont even know what to do with him since Elizabeth is waifu 4 laifu.
5. Azur Lane and Girls Frontline I kinda just do some dalies, whatever is simple and doesn't require actual fights aside from the quick daily fights. Ever7/Destiny Child I actually play. And I log in daily for school idol festival daily rewards. Need to make sure I keep up on potential new Nicos.
Its more me just wanting something new. ;_; I love my dark team even if Frej is a poopyface. I just wanna see a different color. Even my 3-4stars are mostly dark that I have copies of.
Anyone can give me the downlow on Yuna? Finally unlocked her, no idea how to use her. Just wanna know how to gear her up, what sets.
Glad Im not alone here. If they don't have an actual like.. humanoid body and are 3stars I kinda just impulse trash them. Or if they dont look cool.
Sure, wynaut.
Whats the point of her 3rd skill then? It.. deals damage? And not even good damage?
Opinions on a waifu team I could set up to push more PvE stuff? Units atm &amp;#x200B; 5\*: Diene, Yuna, Ruele, Ravi, Assassin Coli, Kikirat v2, Kiris, Lorina, Tieria 4\*: Surin, Rin, Achates, Mercedes, Silk, Hazel, Bask 3\*: Whatever, most if not all. &amp;#x200B; Just named the units I'd actually use. Atm my main team for pvp/pve is basically Ruele/Ravi/Lorina/Tieria but for pvp I change out Tieria for A. Coli. Gonna recall Tieria tho and figured at the same time I should just figure out a team to focus on to push more pve stuff, beat world difficulty/etc and focus my goras on. I've only been gora'ing up Ravi/Ruele/A.Coli. Pulled with 300 covenants to try and get the artifact for Diene but no luck. ;\_; I did end up pulling R&amp;L, Rosa and a few other artifacts tho. So opinions on the best waifu team I could start focusing on?
Question. I kinda wanna use Diene, she looks cool, unsure how to fit her in my team though so Im wondering if I could get input on potential teams. &amp;#x200B; Atm: Ruele, Ravi, Lorina, Tieria &amp;#x200B; Want to replace Tieria so I am looking at my units and Im wondering if for pve this would be viable for mobs and single target? &amp;#x200B; Ruele, Ravi, Diene, Yuna? Seems like it'd end up stupidly fast with Diene using Magaraha's Tome and Ruele as my healer. Yuna with either Rosa or Bloodstone for heals if this team looks like it needs it? Ravi deals with the rest? The only other units I have/could use that I -would- use are Kiris, Silk, Lorina, Surin, A. Coil. &amp;#x200B; Opinions?
I wasted 350\~ tokens. Still have 9k gems but I feel ya. I knew there was no rate up but I wanted the artifact. Got crapbuckets but still feelin' good.
What do you guys buy from the rumble shop? I keep forgetting to check it every reset but does it usually have stuff Ill want right now? Ive seen some 3star gear and a buncha evo mats. I bought a 1-3 ticket once. Anything amazing can show up there?
Opinions on a waifu team I could set up to push more PvE stuff? Units atm 5\*: Diene, Yuna, Ruele, Ravi, Assassin Coli, Kikirat v2, Kiris, Lorina, Tieria 4\*: Surin, Rin, Achates, Mercedes, Silk, Hazel, Bask 3\*: Whatever, most if not all. Just named the units I'd actually use. Atm my main team for pvp/pve is basically Ruele/Ravi/Lorina/Tieria but for pvp I change out Tieria for A. Coli. Gonna recall Tieria tho and figured at the same time I should just figure out a team to focus on to push more pve stuff, beat world difficulty/etc and focus my goras on. I've only been gora'ing up Ravi/Ruele/A.Coli. Pulled with 300 covenants to try and get the artifact for Diene but no luck. ;\_; I did end up pulling R&amp;L, Rosa and a few other artifacts tho. So opinions on the best waifu team I could start focusing on? &amp;#x200B; Lorina is pretty beastly as single target so she should stay swapping in but I kinda want an excuse to focus on new units I have. &lt;.&gt; So any opinions?
So am I set if &amp;#x200B; I have Tiamat, 43k(atm) gems, Metis is my healer, Pantheon is my d.buffer, AI is my defender. &amp;#x200B; No exp fodders cause Ive been maxing out my 5star mono dark team but thats easy enough. &amp;#x200B; I'm breathing. &amp;#x200B; ...Am I ready?
So just no Diene and run silk instead? So Ruele/Ravi/Silk/Yuna? And swap Yuna for Lor if I think Ima go for solo fights?
Ruele is healer and the only resser iirc. Her S3 is an actual 100% res/1 turn immunity/100% heal. She's destina basically. Auto's heal, second skill is a single target heal/cleanse.
So question, when afk leveling, how does exp work? Is it just per unit or does exp from max units get pushed to the non max? And what sort of teams do people use when afk leveling? I have a crapton of stamina and I wanna level some more units now that I got my main team to 50. Alas, I need fodder out the wazoo to sell too so this kills 2 birds with 1 stone. &amp;#x200B; I dunno if I should be doing like 4 max + 1 to be leveled or like 2 to be leveled or what since I dunno if there is an exp share or anything. &amp;#x200B; I mainly need onyx tho. I need to S rank AI and Pantheon. ;\_; So expensive.
Got it. It feels kinda like a waste with more maxed units tho, Im finally going through the story now that my main team is at lv50 so I can see how hard is 5-8 and see if I can do it with just 3 units. Or 6-8. Dunno what either one has but they hafta atleast give better item drops. Though Id rather fodder. I need 90k~ more onyx. X.X
Does Yuna have potential as a damage dealer? Basically could I run Ravi/Yuna as my main DD's and complete content with 2 supports? I recalled my Tieria and wanna know if I could invest in Yuna or not. Shes awesome as a character, just dunno how my famage would be. I have Lorina but I find her character style just boring. Spear something, spear something harder, spear for a bit, spear them again. Not even really flashy. Id have Ruele/Diene as supports and with Ravi able to heal herself anyway I could try for full damage Yuna? idk. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B;
Meh. =( I really wanna use Yuna and Diene but I guess both at once is impossible. Guess just use Lor over Yuna.
Does the MG update on Maggotbaits being 100% TL and 62% edited mean possible next year? $.$
Nevermind, Ill ask it in general.
Is Tiamat any good? I raised her originally as my only 3 star cause she looked neat and I needed a non dark unit. Dunno how she actually is however and if shed be useful in my mono dark fortress for the upcoming event. &amp;#x200B; Or just level Yuna? Just noticed I had a yuna already so now I have my options between a +1 Yuna vs +3 Tiamat.
Right, but your second part filled out what I needed. Im not made of Onyx. I need like 100k. @.@ Not inc whatever Ima use on the one fire I pick. So Ima just pick Yuna and focus on her... since I already S ranked Tiamat. ;_; I can just use my fire units to support Yuna.
Sounds good on paper. This is, as always, a wait and see how it pans out kind of deal however. Anything can be written down in text. &amp;#x200B; It seems to come off as MG or Jast however so I want to see how they can differentiate themselves and if they do add things the 'fans' want or frankly should have... \*cough show us games we already own, wishlists basic stuff cough\* &amp;#x200B; That end was me entering my 5c, free to ignore it.
Sorry, I'm just super cynical is all. I always hold judgement till I see a finished product and my words just come out as crass cause you do hear a lot of talk of things. Kinda just need to see an actual product however to give a valid opinion. &amp;#x200B; I do hope stuff pans out however, cause it takes one person/team/group/etc doing it right for others to hopefully follow. &amp;#x200B; My one complaint with nearly every platform, VN only or not, is that they never show if you own something. I always go back to JAST/MG cause they're simply the biggest at the moment, but my main issue is always when sales pop up. I'm old in my mind, 30, and I don't believe myself to have an amazing memory. So when sales happen for 20 games and I need to have another tab open in my browser to flip through pages on my account to see if I own everything on sale or not, I get frustrated. I'm the person these companies like, we see sale we buy sale. But unlike steam which happily tells you '&lt;Game Owned&gt;' and thus makes ie easy for me to spend my money. With JAST/MG half the time I'm like... do I even care anymore? If it's not on my top 2 'waiting for a sale' to buy, I kinda just don't care anymore cause of the hassle their marketplace is. &amp;#x200B; So I'll watch for this and just hope to see how the future pans out, if some basic stuff is innovated, etcetc.
Sion taric kill lanes bot. Good times.
Did JP AI ever get buffed? I'm just wondering how long I might have to wait to have a good AI or if I should just invest in a 4star defender till AI gets buffed like 2 years from now since I heard.. I think KR AI is like good now. I already maxed out my AI but she still folds like paper for me. =(
Fortune's retrofit is in. o.o She was my first retrofit cause she's the crying waifu.
God this. All these ships and while I have expanded a few times, its so hard to catch up and still get skins.
Opinions on first 6star? Diene, Ravi, Ruele, A. Coli, Yuna or Lor? &amp;#x200B; Edit: To be more specific &amp;#x200B; Diene:Tome, nothing else notable(18k) Yuna: +15 Rosa, nothing else notable(21k) Ravi: +15 scythe, +15 lifesteal set(32k, some skill ups) Ruele: Full +15 PvP set, 11k HP/1.1k def (30.k, some skill ups) A. Coli: +11 R &amp; L(28k, some skill ups) LorLor: 30.1k some skill ups
Some sets take 4 slots instead of 2. So HP takes 2 equip slots while speed takes 4, which is why you see speed/hp and not speed/hp/hp, cause the second is impossible.
Yeah, Lorina. Almost unlocked her class change.
Yeah I decided to go with Lor first. Shes my big damage dealer anyway. A. Coli will prob be next. She does well as is so Im not hurting to make her insanely stronger.
Is there a guide fro how to uncensor on nox? Ive never done anything involving anything with nox aside from opening DC with it but Im kinda interested in uncensoring, I just feel my age now as I have no clue how its actually done. Even reading it made me feel dumb and I try to consider myself tech savvy. X.X
Thanks for the video. Felt like an idiot since Ive never replaced before but it worked out perfectly.
There isn't a c057\_01, only 02 on the tutorial. &amp;#x200B; So not sure where to fix for base. Her S rank is fine, just base doesn't work.
Lan Fei S rank works, but normal doesn't. Is 057 just her base? And 058 her S rank? Cause you/I could just remove base to eliminate all problems till whatever is the problem is somehow fixed. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Yes, can confirm. If you want to use this and Lan Fei no problem, delete the 057 file from the character folder BEFORE putting it into your game cause you want the original files for Lan Fei's original costume and not to update them with the broken ones. I had to redownload the game on nox cause I didnt have the original 057 files. 058 is her S costume which seems to work for me without problems.
Yeah, you didn't mention take it from the backup however. &lt;.&lt; I digress, I didn't save a backup regardless so I reinstalled it painlessly. &amp;#x200B; You don't need to remove 57\_02 however, her S rank costume is fine, it's only base which has the error. So just not using 057\_01 will work seamlessly. &amp;#x200B; Edit: And I only mention you not mentioning the backup cause you say it will uncensor however if you're going to default.. then it's not uncensored if you're restoring from backup which by nature of being a backup of the original file.. is not uncensored?
I didn't even think about it. No plans on messing with stuff for now however... as I never saved a second backup. &lt;.&lt;;;; &amp;#x200B; I just deleted 57\_01 from the files when I ported it over without ever thinking of backups. But if you do try it and it works let me know.
Should I be ok for the event? I know they get to lv40 but who knows if level = power? &amp;#x200B; Current team is &amp;#x200B; Maxed: Frej, Elizabeth, AI, Fan Lei, +1 Metis Non Maxed: S Pantheon And my invested fire attacker is just a +1 Yuna but I left her at 4star. &amp;#x200B; I'ma guess just replace either Frej or Elizabeth with Yuna? And then I should be fine? &amp;#x200B; Edit: By maxed I mean full awakened. Pantheon just got S rank unlocked before I started putting a bazillion onyx in getting Metis her lv2 omega expensive skills.
So wait, dont use Yuna at all? Just full dark?
I did 3 pulls and ended up with 3 5stars. RNG is random.
3.2% +76 is what its stayed at since Rank 2 1/10 till rank 2 10/10
By your reckoning they’ve been pointless for a longer time then just now. Alas my shortsighted friend, they are not pointless. Each day brings new highlighted deals which means more avenues for discussion while also allowing for a clearing of sorts. Yesterday’s topic was well over 1.3k in comments which is terrible to try and go through. A purge a day in the form of new topics brings clarity and harms no one, except yourself I suppose.
What happens if a raid expires? Im at lv36 raid trying to get to 40 but I cant get anyone to join my raids anymore. Max friends, longest offline is 1d(70 friends) and nada. =(
Mostly. Ive only ever purchased the monthly.
Pretty much. Ive given up whaling in games after spending like 5-7k or more on soccer spirits and just now wondering what I did with my life.
Everywhere. I had no heals at 10-10 beside Hazel so she was my first pull and I havent looked back since. PvP, PvE, whatever.
Eli5. Red rock dude summons ram then headbutts it away. The ram knocks up enemies in the direction hit but you can miss the ram, aka wiff it. The ram is client side for what you see but server side for the actual hit box, I’m guessing. So big red dude sees sonic ram and can’t hit it, friends see normal ram and laugh at terrible rock guy.
Well there goes my luck. 10 pulls, Kise, the weird purple dude from last banner and the new artifact. Are any of those super important to level? Or use? &amp;#x200B; Main team is Ruele/Loriana/Ravi + Diene/Yuna as the need calls for it or A. Coli in pvp.
Is Chang'e furutre proof for people whove played KR/JP? I have the mats to 6 star something so Im debating what to do. &amp;#x200B; Atm my 5stars are &amp;#x200B; Frej, Metis +1, Chang'e +2, A.I., Lan Fei, Elizabeth, Pantheon, Medb &lt;-- All maxed skills/etc &amp;#x200B; Hades, Rusalka, Santa, Aria, Krampus, Hermes +1 &lt;-- Not maxed in skills or otherwise &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; So I'm looking at either saving or evo'ing something that is kinda future proof. Also as a side question, anyone know how long after game launch till AI got her rework? I love AI but god shes terrible and I dont have any defenders I'd like to use(Hades is a no till the skin) and dunno the best 4star tank I could possible use over AI.
My DDs suck, even Elizabeth is just meh. ;_; And shes waifu. Maybe Ill just sit on the mats then.
Gawd, same boat. Im evoing each one by themself and its like... if I ever get a good fire unit, welp rip. You aint getting to 60 ever.
I used to fall into this trap. Years ago I spent like 300 in... god I forgot the game, trying for Sakura Miku till I finally got her. &amp;#x200B; What I've learned is, atleast depending on the game, is being f2p or a minnow isn't bad as long as you can temper yourself. Will I ever buy a 100$ pack like I used to every time a new one came out in soccer spirits? Hell fucking no. But if you enjoy a game you shouldn't let disappointment keep you from EVER spending money again. &amp;#x200B; I consider it a gaming budget of sorts. I was wondering why I don't play big video games as much yesterday and I figured it out, I'm playing fucking gacha games like I would normal games back in the 90s. So with my main 4 games, I buy a monthly pack. It's a small, hell tiny, step up from being entirely f2p, but it's also a minor advantage and it's affordable. If you enjoy a game and want a tiny leg? Don't cold turkey if you have the means, spend on a monthly instead. &amp;#x200B; I spend about 30\~ on 4 different monthly packs for 4 games and I'm feeling great.(Azur Lane, Girl's Frontline, Epic7, Destiny Child). &amp;#x200B; So learn a lesson, don't go in hard so you're not super disappointed in the end but you don't need to suddenly hit the other end of the spectrum.
How does the quest for lv1 raid from slayer mode even get done? o.o I never see lv1s and you need to do 10? &amp;#x200B; Edit: Also what does raid reset do? I get it summons a lv1 boss, but does that mean you need to fight 39 bosses again to get to lv40 for the plat chest rewards? Why would you reset then?
f2p, got Kise and the weird purple dude I dont care about from the last banner and the artifact from this banner in 7 pulls. f2p unless you count the monthly. &amp;#x200B; Also ML was Ruele and A. Coli and my 3rd one was the disappointing 3star light tank girl, f2p btw. &amp;#x200B; \*downvotes self\*
Oooooh. 1-40 makes a lot more sense. All the other ones before this one said 40 then I got this in my last 3 quests and Im like WAIT WHAT!? Thanks.
Whats consensus for what to do with 4stars? Im sitting on 80 4 stars now, 3 are evo'd 3stars so they don't count. Not counting the fire evo mats either. Just extract them? Im keeping some waifus but then I have like the christmas dudes I care nothing about, I have enough Europa's to start a very large harem of them. I have enough Tisiphone's that I could have enough replacement bodyparts till protons begin to decay, etc. &amp;#x200B; Just dunno if I should save every last one I grab or if there is a point where I can just start extracting from them like I do my 3stars. &amp;#x200B; And if I could be pointed to a list of 4stars to keep would be nice too. My main team is Metis/Chang'e+2/AI(I need a new tank till her rework)/Frej/Lan Fei. Bunch of extra 5stars are in the back. Im currently at 175/190 childslots though and in desperate need of onyx for Krampus/Hades/Chang'e though.
He reminds me of me. Which is to say atleast he feels like an actual person/demon and not catchall Mcgee strongest character in the universe with the omega blade that he can only unlock when in danger and then when the omega blade breaks he gets the Omega Blade +2 Delux cause he was secretly son of the old demon who was actually the father of all demons and the god who created god who created demons cause plot. &amp;#x200B; Hes just a dude who wants to play games, watch anime and fuck wanting to be head of demons.
Yeah I picked up those 2 and Miku. Do the others hit sales frequently?
Man. I feel so boring. D= Everyone did some elaborate dress and when I saw the name I figured just a business woman in a business suit. The social elites to me are just simple, non flaunty. D= Business suit, high heels and a powerful aura. ;\_; I dont think Ive ever thought the same idea as anyone else in a styling event yet.
New month means I got my +9 wil just now. Guess Ill learn to change my attack order for Charlotte. Never used Acha tho, mine is only +6. Still worth using? Ive been using Hell/Leto/Britain as my 4 stars mostly cause I dunno which 3 stars to use as my defenders otherwise. Which is why I know my arena team sucks atm. I seriously need to revamp it. Arines,Maria, Marron, Mercedes, Rai, Rignette, Leto, Hell, Britain. Dunno why I still use Rai, hes been kinda shit for me. I need to fix my team up bad.
Oh good, so its not just me. &amp;#x200B; We could not complete your call, please try again?
Same in New York, 12:48 PM, 6/3/19
Anubis
I dont have enough normal scrolls. Im frequently dipping into my friendship stash cause of it. You just need to play more if you have too many. Ranking them to 5stars costs a ton.
This is a system seller for me. I will buy an xbox 1 just for this game
Got Ken. Dunno if Id use him since I have Ravi, but atleast its not a dupe.
Im sad. I pulled Asmode. =( I have Mamo and Beliath and Beliath is getting all my books so far. ;\_;
Ok, I finally wanna push. I have Angelia, Luna, Dizzy and.. whatever else for the 4th slot. What gear do they need so I can start doing wyvern 10 then 11. Ive always just done 9 cause 10 beat me up cause Ive had Ruele but I guess its time to steal Ruele's gear if I need to.
Yeah. So I can do W10 easy it seems. Dizzy, Luna, Kise and Angelica. 11 is destroying me tho. I dont have a speed set for Dizzy, my HP set on angelica is just the s1 HP set. No 11 for me it seems. I fared better with Diene over Kise on 11 but I only got it to 20% cause Angelia gets dunked on hard. I dont really have debuffers outside of Dizzy.
Asmode worth using at +0? I have... 0 plans of sticking books in him anytime within the next 3 years given how fast I gain books, which is slow.
Is it worth replacing Ravi with Ken? Or something? Got Ken from the ticket but my Ravi is 6stars fully decked out. Ken seems to be pretty similar so I dunno if its worth swapping to him?
Ive been eyeballing it. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07LHFX4JQ/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o09_s00?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1 I dont know if timers vary based on the fryer so thats what I have. It starts at 18m but Ive been using it about 2 weeks now and the way I like it, darker, crispy has been around 16m with a rotation in between to ensure proper bronzing.
Thanks. Ive just read about pam being bad for air fryers but thats always been as a direct spray and not as just a food coating. Gonna try it tonight.
Yeah, that was the purpose of the question. Im not gonna spray them in the fryer, but I suck at tossing and getting all the fries. So putting them on the plate, spraying then transfering was my main question. I didnt know if it'd break anything just itself. Ya know, is pam just the enemy of all fries in general or only if directly sprayed. Now I know.
Working with what I got atm, but Ill take that to heart for the future.
I just swapped my hell out for Alicia. I was gonna do Viola but meh, didnt seem as good for my own team. Was excited for it tho. Charlotte still stays in tho, even without hell, there are a lot more normal spacing teams that Im facing since Gunther isnt a thing that she still deals massive amounts of damage.
Shes stupid fast and has a stun.
The mana series ofcourse.
And I just started feeding Ken molas cause people told me to use him over my uber Ravioli. ;\_;
Oh I know. But with her getting buffed she'll be an even better Ravioli.
Doesnt answer the question regardless.
So is this a good monitor?
27 gold transmits. Hrmhrmhrm. Thats 4ML pulls. HRMHRMHRM. Do I wanna do ML pulls now? &amp;#x200B; Light: Gloomyrain, Fighter Maya, Blaze Dingo, Celeste, Elson, Arowell, Gunther x2, Mirsa, Kikirat v2, Ruele &amp;#x200B; Dark: C.Dom, Lor xwhatever gets her to C, Foot Goddess Tene, ML Vildred, A.Coli, Pyllis, A. Lots, BBKarin, Requiemroar, Hurado x2, Ilryos Axe, Wanda, Otillie, Sven &amp;#x200B; Just finally beat 79/80 after putting it off forever. Debating waiting for ..Eviler Ravi? I do want ML Rin tho. Is there a picture of Eviler Ravi out? Or do we just know she'll exist soon?
want to trade for mystic pulls ;_; Ill trade ML Vildred for her. Ill double it for Vildred/ML vildred for her. And I asked more cause I dunno if any MLs are worth pulling for now over inflating the pool and waiting for Eviler Ravi. Even 1 new character is still a lower chance for something that I could pull for now.
No idea what to do with him. I know he destroys me a lot, but aside from that, idunno.
If I wanted to use ML Tene, what sorta team would she need and what sorta gear?
Since ML Vildred is getting buffed, I wanna join the first wave of cancer. How would people gear him? Never used him before in my life, hell, I dont even pvp but I have so many good units I should finally pvp. &amp;#x200B; Im sad I missed the C.Dom meta cause my C.Dom and ML Tene are both 6stars and Ive never used either. ;\_; So I wanna try and build a team to see what exists past masters 4. Yes, I have Dizzy and Ruele and pretty much whatever isnt ML Ara/Baal and I only just beat W11 like last week so Im trying to farm up halfway decent gear and finally do some pvp. &amp;#x200B; Heck, I might even do my first raid in like 3 months. Ive done the new raid like once, I know Im missing a shitton of potential gear from there too.
Good deal. I'll see what I can get. Ive already wasted molas into too many units to count, whats a few more into him just to farm some points while the meta gets settled. Thanks.
Well Ive only beaten one boss, once. And that was way back when. Dunno what happened now xD Honestly I should be able to do most everything given my units. Dizzy, Bellona, Luna, Ken, Ruele, Ravi, C.Dom, Angelica, C.Lor, ML Tene, Sol, Zeno for my 6stars. Baiken, ML Vildred, Diene, Sigret, Basar, Yuna, Kayron, Yufine, Kise, A.Coli, Achates, Silk, Kiris, F.Kluri for my notable 5stars tho I have a lot more of those too. Ive just... never tried? I coasted, I never went past W9, etc. So my gear is absolute crap, dunno good pve setups. Hell I just did floor 80 today cause I was bored when I prob coulda beat it long ago. Ruele was my fist ML and Ive been playing since day 1. ;_; Bot now Im trying to figure out a good pve comp so I could do the final raid. Trying to find a good pve comp so I dont keep refreshing hoping to not see a dizzy/cleave comp. Im finally tired of being average.
Normal raid. And I guess Ill look into it. As said Ive ... thrown my molas at anything with a pretty face. Dizzy(6), Bellona(4), Luna(12), Ken(6), Ruele(7), Ravi(6), C.Dom(2), Angelica(10), C.Lor(7), ML Tene(10), Diene(6), Yuna(2), Kise(8), A.Coli(4), Achates(3). So Ill see about trying the raid out right now. Sucks that my Diene's gear sucks donkey but who knows, I should be able to do it. Thanks for the info.
Anyone else 100%ing world/normal? I just noticed you get a mola for each map in world, or the sidequest now. I wanna farm W11 but seeing the shit drops so far I kinda wanna scratch this itch to 100% the story instead for the phat loots...
What sort of stats am I looking for for ML Vildred? Right now I have 2.8k HP, 95% crit, 236% crit damage and portrait of the saviors. &amp;#x200B; My gear options arent too hot so meh. Atk/crit set. Debating what else to change. &amp;#x200B; And what to mola? Just max his S3 Ima guess and ignore the rest?
Yeah, thanks for the 2 recommendations but the latter part is why I asked. I figured it'd be easier to just ask for recommendations rather then dig through what Im sure is 90% dogshit for perhaps 1-2 good games.
Thats pretty much exactly what I meant. Never played a picross game before but this essentially encapsulates what Im looking for. A puzzle genre type game along the lines of multiple 'games' that could be played. Eg: Solitaire, a word search, picross, etc. An overarching game where in you can play that game over and over cause it either has randomization(Majong/Solitaire) or it's like Picross with many preset puzzles but that don't require a 30m gaming session unless Im a complete dunderbuss to said puzzle.
So I see a lot of the games. Is this a thing where I should start from Picross s? Or jump straight to s3? Or any of the spinoffs I see?
What does Karin do? I dont own her, just her ML version. I never do GW but I did it today and she attacked like 8 turns in a row. 2 attacks and killed my Ken, R&amp;L then killed Ravi and Im surprised she didnt kill Kise either. And I have no idea what happened. But I feel like she took waaaay to many turns.
Well atleast now I know what happened. Can BBKarin do that? Ive never even looked at her.
I play Love Nikki with a VIP system which.. doesnt exactly do anything evil. Just pays the artists. oo;
Situation and person. I don’t fly but as a native New Yorker I can sleep on a crowded train standing, sitting, whatever. Full on zonked the fuck out. And I still never miss a stop. Your body just gets used to it and if you don’t have shit on you worth stealing, you kinda don’t care.
Omega dumb question. But Ive been farming w11 for like a week now and havent found what would be obvious upgrades. I still have about a 90% winrate auto with Luna/Kise/Diene/Angie, I know my Luna def needs new gear cause shes using the lv70(I think?) lifesteal set still. Kise is using the lv70 atk set from the quests. Angie has the hp pvp stuff and diene has crap. &amp;#x200B; Anyway, my main question was, for gear, what should I be saving to look for upgrades? What sorta stats? For that matter, should I care about the hit set? I dunno whod even use it, I have most characters so I could prob find someone to use it maybe? idk. &amp;#x200B; Anyway, I just need to either sell a buncha gear or figure out which to upgrade a few times to find out if theyre trash, just dunno which.
Thanks.
I totally forgot about Dizzy. I have literally 0 gear for her. Makes sense to start getting her a hitset atleast since apparently everyone else needs a speed set.
So Ive asked this question before, but now I ask with a caveat. Are there puzzle type games that reward you with some form of unlockables. Some carrot on the stick to keep ya going aside from the immense pleasure from 'Ive got it!(Cue Danganronpa guy)' moments? I love unlocking stuff, seeing a form of progression or something to work towards aside from seeing just a medal or something. Heck Im fine with unlockable pictures to form a story or whatever. Just... something! &amp;#x200B; So any puzzle type games that could possibly fit the bill? Or I guess, fun games with a lot of collectables/unlockables. I love Binding of isaac for example and have like 1.4k hours across every pc version cause I love unlocking something new. $.$ Just now I kinda want a puzzle game or a game that doesn't require any skill from me. Literally no skill aside from mental. Dont wanna shoot, dont wanna kill. I have enough of that. Card games are ok tho, Slay the spire is off tho, Yugioh Ill get when it comes out.
Theres supposed to be a patch soon, Im waiting for that.
Asking the real questions
Im sold. Gimme cynthia.
Its ok, I have the avildred combo. It combinds avildred and hoping he dies as soon as possible.
I impulse faceslammed 4 5star books into Wayla cause I drew a dupe for her... So I have a +5 Walya and dunno how to use her cause atm Im using Ceres/+3 Veronia... &amp;#x200B; Currently stuck in a pvp match but should I regret my decisions or use her somewhere? My arena team atleast is Hell/Ceres/+9 Sier/+3 Vero/+10 Leto/+10 Rignette/+9 Wil/Charlotte/Mamo. &amp;#x200B; And I have an asmode I dunno if Ill ever use and my +1 Beliath who Im building even if I never use her cause shes waifu.
Anyone know whats happening if you have it on jast? &amp;#x200B; Edit: Was the jast version even the 18+ version? Ive had it but never played it yet.
Less change and more deception. They mistranslated a skill, sold the character, then fixed the translation after which made an already 'meh, waifu but could be kinda janky fun with a counterset' into 'holy shit even melissa is better than this'.
Ahh. Thanks for the clarification. I also highly agree everything is better in text, my light novel collection can attest to that. Going from SAO Anime &gt; Manga &gt; LN was eye opening. Overlord was stunning. Etc. So I can readily agree, I just didnt know that korean/chinese stuff was translated till recently. Solo Leveling was the first one where I went from images &gt; text tho and then the rest is history. But I love even small semblances of romance. MGA had it but its so sparce and infuriating. Im also a giant sap so while reading ATG I swear there were onion ninjas all the time. ;_; But I'll take your suggestions to heart and see what they are exactly. I'm not sure what you mean excessive btw, in regards to characters. Over the top? Extreme in what they do? Harem master? Idk. I can usually look past a lot really, even MGA is more of a 'meh, whatever, Ill keep reading' 7/10 rather then something Id give up forever. Im invested, I obviously didnt hate it in 3.8k chapters, Im just more critical of it. I find my tolerance for stuff is high if it has something Im really into. Good action/romance make me very tolerant.
Harems are fun tho. =( Well when the cast sticks around anyway. Thats just one of my issues with MGA. Aside from every 100 chapters being the past 100 with new names but everything else is the same, all the women are gone. Thats why I like ATG in that example. As stated, if you got a harem/romance but the girls stick around then Im in. =D And I read a lot already. Im binging 200~ chapters a day. I have tons of time to read while working. I just wanna find what I like. Which is romance/action. I dont mind cringe fests, I just find it a fun read. Im 31, Im too old now to change what I like. I still like my stupid ecchi animes and harem animes too. Its stupid fun when its not -entirely- stupid. Like Keijo. Who could hate that? https://media3.giphy.com/media/4DP16Qb9bm8WQ/giphy.gif?cid=790b7611c2e97af647a61b659e1e2710d083bc854a785ac8&amp;rid=giphy.gif Surface to surface butt missile? We need this in our light novels and manhwas and wuxias.
Oh. Im fine with murder. Bring it on. Kill 'em all. If they deserve it then take their lives, dig out the roots then salt the earth to ensure there can never be retribution. Its not excessive, its necessity.
So Ive tried Heavenly Jewel Change. I love it already. Its weird but I find the MC to be amusing. Yes the start is kinda.. what I expected but given what Ive come from its of the same vein. Im only 18 chapters in but its fun so far. Nice enough to be a side read atleast. Thanks for this recommendation. &amp;#x200B; Edit: And yes, I probably have poor tastes in novels. But sue me. If Im having fun idgaf. xD
So I have to comment again. Heavenly Jewel Change is amazing. Im 260 chapters in. I laughed, I cried, I also wished he was more like Yun Che and would just destroy everyone. But this is great. I cant put it down. Are there any other novels with characters like Yun Che tho? Now that I know I like romance but I also like brutal characters who know what they want, what belongs to them and if something is denied to them then they show appropriately excessive force cause the victor is king so the means dont matter.
Weiquin is too nice. Ugh. I love everything else but half the time I want him to smite someone with an iron fist. Gonna add PMG to the next to read list tho. Easy enough to juggle 4 novels. Thanks again for all the recommendations.
Well I was looking in general. I figured Id hit everything from chinese to american. Since theyre mostly just.. japanese/chinese focused there. Unless americans dont do web novels? ;_;
Alright, thanks for the info. Ill spread this question wide and far then.
Thanks for the list. =O I know the honeymoon period wont last forever but in that case I can write my own!Im not exactly sold on the whole market they have cornered but I def wanna do my own take on it.
You sold me at genocides. If there was something I like beyond romance is MCs who know that problems have a root and the root needs to be cleared Salt the earth. Raze the ground. Dig out the graves. Consume the corses. Damn the souls. Elimitate every generation and ensure no one can ever wrong you again! ...Damn thats excessive. Lets go.
The 2 characters from Guilty Gear? Granted I got them so not limited for me. =D
You have a point.
Like Starter and I believe the otherone I got once was protection? I dont remember, might have been defense and then it was added. But there was starter and one -defensive sounding- option which didnt have an option on &amp;#x200B; [https://aceship.github.io/AN-EN-Tags/akhr.html](https://aceship.github.io/AN-EN-Tags/akhr.html) &amp;#x200B; So I wanted some clarity &amp;#x200B; Edit: Oops, this was origionally gonna be a topic. The question was &amp;#x200B; What is starter on the website. Is starter = newbie?
I did. On server EN it doesnt have starter. Hence the question.
Interesting. So atleast america just kinda... copies stuff and we don't have our own 'thing'. Which I mean, I guess it makes sense? CH/JP/KR do have thousands of years of things to work off of. Ideas, tropes, religions and stuff. While america/the americas don't? I mean we have like christian tropes, the idea of heaven/hell which I guess could be considered along the lines of that. But we don't have history of stories written about reincarnation, or Buddhist ideas or stuff like that. Maybe Im just talking to myself now and seeing the truth. But damn, guess I was hoping for something interesting for myself to work off of and get ideas from that I might actually know/be able to use without sounding like a bumbling fool.
Mmm. Makes sense. Im not looking to make money tho. More like a side thing for me. I want to write cause I have an idea and its easier to experience it by writing it rather than just thinking. Just ya know, sometimes you kinda want to have references and ideas to look up to. But when its only available from something build on a foundation from another country then meh.
Weapon action for bouncer. Its basically a dodge if used naturally, or it modifies your weapon skills in some way if used during them. Like a backflip during their dash PA, their heel kick autocasts shifta and makes them kick downward, their spin turns into a gravity bomb spin and their aoe turns into a kick, that rips your face off.
So can someone point me to a bouncer guide that deals with how to optimally use your skills? I have the basics, mag stuff, skill trees, etc. I just feel like Im most likely totally fucked with any idea of max potential with my kickyboots.
Cant sell fresh finds gear.
Ahh. Hunter. Sorry, didnt know.
So while not representative of NA. How quickly did JP get those custom skills? I want to not be a slow ranger and I wanna know if my slideyshooty is like months out or 3 years later in episode 18 we finally get to customize skills.
Kinda. Means I need to read some skills and understand it. &amp;#x200B; But for the boss fight part, is how you charge special? Since you want 3 bars kicks. Ima guess it just depends on whatever hits the boss easiest and just chain those kicks?
Someone doesnt have almost 600k zings done like I do. =( Only 1400 a day is low numbers for someone who pandas daily. I used to max on Zings back in the day cause I was too lazy to do anything else. 3k days was easy money. And this is low end. A lot of people have more then 3mil hits done, Im like 5th compared to them. Nevermind maxing almost everyday when 5s used to post. Sigh. I miss victoria and Visuals. ;_; Yoshis and DCS as the extra pandas when Zings were good money too. The good ol days of mturk.
But they dont have a number?
5s, Zings qual, DCS, back in the day when VSR posted almost daily. Procores. Yoshi's(Japanese DCS for 8c and 12c depending on time of day). Tons more quals Ive forgotten over the years.
Is there a way to unfuck a mag? I accidently didn't see what mag I was feeding and gained 4 r-atk on my dex mag. ;\_; I don't think 4ratk will kill me but FUCK.
Does it let you choose what to delevel or is it rng? Could I lose dex levels forever until rng blesses me with ratk reduction?
Who da man? You da man!
Random question I just thought of. When you use a scratch ticket, one box is gold, 2 are blue.... But does whatever box you click actually matter for anything?
'Nother question. Whats the optimal PA use for bravers? I remember reading atm it's basically spamming one skill but Im not even sure which that is. I do know for aoe there is Bellflower. But aside from that, what are my main skills to look at and which to avoid?
Is sh Luther supposed to be so hard? Hard being subjective. Pranced in as a lv60 bad ranger. Proceeded to get flogged like a bad puppy. We won with 23s left and I swear my team was surprised we managed. &amp;#x200B; and yes Jp frogs will prob say they can do Luther sh blindfolded with their weapon tied behind their back. Solo. Extreme. At 1hp. Uphill both ways. In space. &amp;#x200B; but for na?
Don’t think so.
Man. Now I understand wanting status weapons. Do skills proc status? Ill admit Ive never really watched. But if they could then I could just use a rifle with blind and steady shot since its like 7 hits? Ill assume each bullet has a chance and its not a general chance for the first hit of a skill?
Do multi hit PAs take into account status effects for all their hits? Example steady shot from rangers. If I have a blind rifle would I have like.. a 7x(I think its 7 hits?) chance to inflict blind? So maybe carry a blind rifle for luther or maybe other boss status weapons if this does work? &amp;#x200B; Or is it like a base chance on a skill so either the first bullet inflicts &lt;status&gt; and 2+ don't ever have a chance?
But sometimes ya can only rely on yourself.
Can you put fresh finds items in shared storage? I want the thigh daggers on a new character but I cant make a new character till tomorrow cause I forgot I had a lv1 on another ship. &amp;#x200B; So could I buy the thigh daggers and put them into shared storage? I -know- I cant sell them. But I just wanna give them to myself. Im just not sure if FF stuff is -character who bought it- specific or -account as long as you didn't use it-
Quick ranger question. When youre loaded with a bullet, how do you regain your PP? Since shooting would use it. Do you swap to launcher? Am I doing something terribly off? Might aswell figure out where Im fucking up before I get into content where people will care that Im fucking up.
Curious if anyone can recommend a hunter guide? Or fighter? Or both? How are hunters for dps anyway? I wanna build a melee to try it out but the idea of standing at low HP to deal damage terrifies me as someone who can barely survive at ranged. &amp;#x200B; Figured Id see if hunter does anything besides being a subclass or read up on fighter and see if its not as bad as it sounds.
Just wanted a quick confirmation. After character creation you can edit for free for like 5h or whatever. Does this include changing hairstyles? I don't wanna spend 6m buying 2 hair styles to have it on my newest character if I can just create her and then use the hair item and free change. &amp;#x200B; Actually could I change hair and hair color? Im unsure exactly what isn't allowed to be changed even during the free period. I know for when I made my cast I couldn't change her color which saddened me.
You can move during those. Your camera is just out. Some seem unavoidable though. Like the ship mech dude, if you're on him I think the explosion always hits and is unguardable? Maybe aoe guard. But I know for like dragons and what not even when it pulls out you can still move, just cant see it.
You can guard the machine explosion? Ive never managed it. D= Man I suck. Always hate winning only to die cause the explosion deals like 600 damage.
All color? Even hair? Hrm. RIP. Thanks tho.
No, I get that. But after making a character they let you do stuff for free within a time period without needing a pass. But somethings are still locked. And Im not sure if normal hair color is locked or not. &amp;#x200B; Like cast color was locked for me 2 minutes after making my cast character. Despite the grace period new characters get.
Also I get what's always free. Just my example is I have a hair I want to use but only 1of. So I want to make the character use the hair then check colors without a salon pass. Sine you're given a grace period for new characters. Just I recall the grace period didn't let me change everything on my cast. So IDK how much a normal character could change.
So apparently the hunter trainer is the fighter trainer? How do I make him... start fighter training? How many quests to unlock it?
Anyone have specific advice how to unlock the fighter trainer? Im lv35 as hunter, unlocked my sub class already and idk what else I need to do to unlock fighter stuff since apparently the fighter quest guy is the same as the hunter one? &amp;#x200B; Do I need to complete every hunter quest aswell?
Unsuspended Monday without contact. Got an email Tuesday from Amazon Twitter that they were going tohelp but I told them too late. Lol Either way resolved.
Is there a reason to upgrade the summoner auto attack ring? Does it do something more at +20 then +0?
Can someone briefly explain how to raise a pet past 10 stars? Like do Jinga 13star eggs exist and are just super rare? Or how do I level them more? Jinga is at 85 and Im just wondering how else to power it up beyond feeding a bazillion eggs trying to raise its stats and waiting for sweets that don't exist yet. &amp;#x200B; Edit: Note I know a higher star egg = raising its star level. Just more wondering if they exist or if there is a way now to get more levels.
If I go Hu/Su, what sort of skills am I looking for with summoner? I have my own summoner main so I have no issue making a hunter specific skill tree if that matters. This is going to be my hunter/fighter/force main character. So any other subs can be whatever with whatever appropriate skills.
Its an urgent quest. &amp;#x200B; [https://pso2.com/news/urgent-quests/uqjune2020part1](https://pso2.com/news/urgent-quests/uqjune2020part1) &amp;#x200B; You can use this to find out when it'll drop but I believe there are chances for 'extra' urgent quests at random. And maybe Wind and rain could happen there? Im unsure about that though. &amp;#x200B; Urgent quests are always on the half-hour though. So if you want to check you can check 5min before :00 or before :30 and see if there is a notification for an urgent quest.
Can anyone recommend a force guide? I wanna do some magic pewpews but I like reading guides and learning a bit of what Im getting into.
Anyone with a quick yay or nay on the 3 syberia games? I know what they are, what Im getting into. But how is the story and what not. Worth it basically?
See. I have mirage slide as a summoner so when I swap to ranger I feel like a schmuck cause I can't do this. Send help and type 0 skills
Is there a guide to all this. I haven't even touched weapon upgrade yet so IDK what I'm in for
For force, do I need to focus and get every element upgrade? I don't know all the spells Ill eventually have but I was wondering if I could skip flame/ice? I wanted to focus on wind/lighting/dark/light. Ima assume Ill just have enough points to get more elements anyway. But if that's a 'dump points' thing later on then that's fine. &amp;#x200B; Just want some info for early on. If its ok to just skip fire/ice?
Thats why my ranger is kinda just, there. Shes 60+ but man I feel like a sloth compared to everyone else and my iframes suck cause I suck.
Exactly. I started as ranger and then I was like, lemme try summon OH MY GOD WHAT IS THIS DODGE SKILL FUCK BLOCKING X X X X X X X X 0 DAMAGE HAHAHA LUTHER IS EZMODE &amp;#x200B; Then I play ranger and hunter again and take damage and Im sad.
How can you see where spells drop? I don't wanna spend 100k on spells if I could just try and farm them myself but idk where I could find that. =(
1 per character. Not per class.
Do items have drops even if its not stated? Cause like Im looking at Ilzonde which shows as a drop from normal exploration but onlylv7. But I sdon'tee anything under harder difficulties. So is 7 the highest I can find? And only on normal? So no point in playing harder difficulties?
Ilzonde and Ilzan
Maybe a silly question. But when you're done with an urgent quest, home with a million unid'd items. What makes a weapon/armor worth keeping/looking at/putting on the shop vs turning it into cubes or spheres? &amp;#x200B; Basically what should I be looking for? Ive been keeping 7slotters and 6sloitters cause I don't exactly know how upslotting works(Which I assume is even a thing). Ive kept 12 stars cause Im unsure what to do with those. But anything else? &amp;#x200B; Mostly cause Im a freaking summoner so I don't get new weapons anyway so I haven't really paid any attention to weapons/affixes/etc. I just have been going by the idea that more 10stars means more cubes to buy shit with and 12stars will eventually rot in my inventory. But now with the loot pinata I need to stop saving so much shit.
Well Im doing EX Loot Pinata so almost everything he drops seems to be 10star+. But now hes clogging my inventory. 100+ drops from him just from 1 halfhour run. So I kinda need to know whats worth selling atleast or keeing for when I switch classes. So even tho my harmonizer options can fit in a thimble, doesnt mean I dont need to know what to keep. That said, Ill look up said youtube guy.
Does summoner have this? I’m 73 and only seen the ex cube trade in for 1 point since like lv50. Which doesn’t help since I can’t get class ex till 75
Edit: Nevermind apparently I did it. Summoning Up Excellence. Wtf. I never noticed it.
Saved
So I finally hit 75 after like 2 weeks cause Ive been playing almost every class and finally settled on summoner for now cause holy shit Mirage Slide is the best thing since sliced bread. &amp;#x200B; Anyway. My main question is, I started doing ultimate farming. What general rules are there? Stock up on 5 moons and telepipes. Im res bitch. Keep up 20k Shifta and Rare 250. I can and should always keep it up and use some of the crap that drops to get cubes to buy 250s as I need? Ima guess keep tri up too even if 50 is the most efficient one I can do? &amp;#x200B; With regards to enemies. For the uhh, zone boss I guess? Idk the weird floaty bitch with the 800 detachable parts. Does damage to them transfer over to main/count as main damage? Or are they like Luther's bracers where they're for show and damage on them doesn't count and Im just gonna be annoyed trying to aim sparky through them to hit the main body and actually damage it? Aside from that, anything to know/do? Also is the final boss really shitty and not worth it? I did it in both areas, apparently its the same thing. Annoying but super easy as a summoner, just tedious. &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; &amp;#x200B; And just a random addon question.... how do melee even survive? Holy shit. This almost made me want to never play hunter, ever. So much melee shit that just seemed instant and did 900000000 damage. Random boss has 6 laser wings and goes schwingschwing and tapdances on your face while spinning like a top. Wtf do melee even do?
Crazy question, but do summoner pets have spawns attached to them? Watching this now I question. I carry a launcher anyway on my summoner but since doggo one shots them anyway and I don't need to target I kinda just wigglywavey my hand and let him shoopandswoop at everything. But could he spawn something when he's far from them?
Summoner question. So how does returning to egg work? You cant sell eggs, but since I have a 75 summoner already but I have another character I like more, can I return to egg and then use the pet on my other character? Do I lose stuff in their snack box? What all happens?
Can anyone explain what exactly Id need to purchase so I can have and use a second skill tree for a class? Used summoner as a subclass and went all in on the bonus stats. No issue there but now I wanna swap my summoner main who was on my cast to this other character cause shes a Newman with all my awesome custom gear and I really like summoner. &amp;#x200B; So I know Ill need to buy a candy tongs to save all my candies. But what exactly is the difference between swap skill tree and add skill tree? If I add a skill tree can I not then swap to it/between it and my original skill tree? This is where I need some help so Im not spending on the wrong thing. &amp;#x200B; Or should I just buy a skill tree reset and forget about summoner sub? I kinda have all my classes as mains on this character now so making proper subs is hard.
...So tldr its more like 'Transfer extra skill tree' then swap skill tree? &amp;#x200B; Im over here thinking Ima get nickle and dimed everytime I want to change my skill tree. &amp;#x200B; So basically Ill be fine with just buying 1 extra tree for summoner. Lets me have my all stat bonus one and then have my natural one and I can switch between the two without further payment? &amp;#x200B; Thanks.
I hate you. 4 days now trying for any 13 that isn't Marron. Got 4 nemesis weapons and I could probably buy an egg if they could be put up for sale by now.
You are right. It’s all 12. Fuck. I can’t even get a 13 of a pet I don’t use. It’s burned my brain cells away.
Either or. Drops from the ange bosses.
How should I prepare for rappy day? I want a rappy pet. Pref 2. I missed last rappy day cause I didn't know it existed. So I want to be set tomorrow. &amp;#x200B; Anything specific? Best things to run? Stock up on rare 250s?
Few questions regarding today. &amp;#x200B; First. Are rappy eggs rappy eggs? Or Unidentified Egg? &amp;#x200B; Second. Do Unid'd 13star eggs look different? Just like how 13star weapons show as shiny in your inventory for easy noticiability.
So I could get either or. But if I do find a rappy egg as unid'd it'd be rainbow. Got it &amp;#x200B; Next. WHY DO COOKIES EXIST AS A RARE DROP!? GOD BOSSES FUCKING SUCK. 5 days. 1 13 egg, stupid Sally or Sammy or whatever. And fucking cookies. No one uses these. GOD I HATE PICKING THEM UP. &amp;#x200B; Sorry, Im ranting.
I didn’t read past make a written guide. That’s literally all I want. I don’t want to watch your video and like and subscribe. I want to know a and b in a manner I can book mark and use later and not need to listen to Justin Bieber or whatever free monstercat music you start and end with And scrub through 15m of video for one thing.
Can someone explain what I should be keeping armor wise for upgrading/affixing in the future? Weapons Ive generally not swap shopped anything with a + cause that's more Exp to give 12star sigmas to feed to 13stars. Main stats at IV. And 6-7 slots. &amp;#x200B; But I just noticed my premium storage is almost full and its cause I had like almost 150+ 11/12star armors cause I have no idea what I should be saving vs swap shopping. &amp;#x200B; So if someone could give me general ideas of what could even go on armor that would be worth keeping so I could get my storage back. &amp;#x200B; Also what do I do with all these sigmas/nox weapons no one buys? Same as my Deo's? Shit affixes, chuck'em in the swap shop grinder?
Edit: Read the post under mine.
til
What counts as decent affixes for units tho? Ive seen II's. Can units only get defensive affixes either? Thats why I ask. Idk what is 'decent'. For weapons I can easily guess stuff like Might IV, keep. For armor idk what is even the cap. Ive never seen a &lt;defensive III&gt; before so idk if a 2 is good? Or super shitty luck, etc.
Thanks a ton for this info. Easy to figure out what to get rid of initially at least. Cleared up 50 slots. Tomorrow I can look over my 3-4 slot units.
Atleast you all have the option to buy a rare. I’m crying in summoner as the past week, about 7h a day and I have 2 Sally’s and one aero to show for it. &amp;#x200B; got about 8 nemesis drops, 2 gix, full ray. But I couldn’t buy a jinga if I had 300mil to offer.
I did 15h farming on the 22 and didn’t even end up with a suit. Shit sucks for summoners. I could buy 50 suits but not 1 egg. Maxed out tons of fodder tho cause all bosses drop for us are amazing cookies that sell for billions11!1!! And fodder eggs.
If I evolve a pet, which element does it get? Original or new? &amp;#x200B; Aka Ice Sally &gt; Light Popple Egg &gt; &lt;???&gt; Popple? Ice or Light?
How can I get more tris 100? I ran out... Im sad.
No clue whats good or not and this is an old account I haven't logged into for like a year so I don't wanna reroll. Nor will I probably play but yay, 100 roll! Cute stuff, stuff I don't know if its good or not. Woohoo! I just love pulling!
Something something leave you an intact corpse. &amp;#x200B; truly a frog at the bottom of a well
When I have 300\~ melon/marron/viola eggs in my storage, my best option is to just make like 10 fodder pets, feed all my eggs to them and save the fodders for when I eventually find a 13? &amp;#x200B; Do all the +s on a fodder pet transfer over? Been almost 2 weeks of farming for a jinga and all I have to show are about 15 nemesis items Ill never use so Ive very sad atm.
Time to make like 20 fodders then. Hello free storage my old friend.
Is something wrong with chat? I cant chat to area or party or anything. Then I could. Then I couldn't. Same with some party members. Was going a UQ forest. Chat is omega weird atm. I can type but nothing shows, idk if other people can see cause I cant see any responses I tdon'think.
Oooooh. Thanks for the info! I thought it was just I was shadowbanned or something different. Thanks
Are the weapons from the Unique Weapon Badges any good? They look cool but Ima assume if I have nemesis then I edon'tven look at them? Is the difference minor between them tho? Im all for cosmetics.
Damn. They look cool too. =/ I have 2.6k badges and just checked out the merch right now.
I have no idea? Do they drop from ultimate? Ive been farming that for about 2 weeks looing for a jinga egg
