DID Q PREDICT THIS?
I still remember when /r/conservative wasn't all over Trump's nuts.
That's nice, dear.
Yeah no
Yes. My kid wants it and I look forward to playing his created levels. It's on its way.
Have you tried contacting support?
/r/whyweretheyfilming
Nathaniel (Nathan) Merlin. Of course, Nathaniel is my kid's name so I'm just a bit biased. :)
I saw the tiger coming up from the woods. I didn't realize the camera was constantly recording.
&gt;Arguing with fools does no one any good. Wise words.
Who's arguing?
I'll return next year!
"peek my interest"
Can't come fast enough.
You are correct!
I'm getting it free for a year. It's whatever to me at this point. I don't play online at all.
Like it or not, this type of shit happens at hate rallies. I don't condone this behaviour, but shit.
Remember when the right cheered on when Gianforte body slammed the journalist? I 'member.
&gt;Watch how democrats and other anti-america groups will defend this. Mayor of Portland is also an antifa terrorist so he will also defend this violence. Lol. Who's defending Antifa's actions? Also, is the mayor literally an Antifa terrorist?
Damn right they both should've been arrested. Gianforte, however, wasn't. The right cheered him on and elected him. There's the difference.
Ah yep. I remember that well. Another darling of the right.
Buzz words!
That's fair. I hope you're being fair and policing both sides.
Why is Obama even relevant?
That's completely fair. I already stated in another comment I don't condone this type of behaviour.
Who is "you guys?"
That's your prerogative. I wasn't trying to convince you. Did you believe everything Avenatti said, because he's a lawyer?
Key word "was,"bud. He's no longer president and hardly relevant. I have no clue how European cartoonists work, so thanks for sharing. It doesn't change much, though.
I like you.
Lol. What a dolt.
I remember when /r/conspiracy was about actual conspiracies.
The left isn't celebrating shit. It's funny how because he's a token gay minority he's now untouchable. The double standards by the right are hilarious.
This is hardly unpopular. NEXT!
I've got you down for a "No, I can't prove jack shit."
Just calling it like I see it. I don't claim to be right. I'm just another idiot expressing his opinion.
True. True.
Yep. It's been said many times already and I'm guilty as charged.
Same to you, dude. Have a good week.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
Alright, I forgive your made up quote. We're cooler than cool.
Not really.
Holy shit. Now I don't feel so bad about my whatsboutism.
Sometimes we hear what we want to hear.
Consistently? Really? Care to share evidence?
Lemon: "no organization is perfect." What a staunch defense of Antifa. Trump called Gianforte "my guy" after the incident. Sounds like wholehearted support if you ask me.
You're putting all sorts of words in my mouth. Stay classy, buddy. At least I'm apart from the problem and not a part of the problem.
Nah, because then I'd lose my wife and kids.
I got love for you, man. Happy New year.
Along with that royal grape, you're golden, my man.
New Age Care in Mt Prospect isn't doing rec sales in 2020 according to their social media pages.
Is this post from 2001?
Use dry fettuccine noodles. Someone at work put them out and they work well.
Where's the real life?
You answered your own questions, honestly.
Rather take up digital storage than physical, but that's just me.
When he president you see. You see.
Not for me, it isn't.
Huh
Well this is a cringeworthy post.
Don't want it, don't care for it. I don't mind if it comes, but I wouldn't use it.
Maybe he's just joking with you. He's a dad, after all.
He did say he's an idiot.
Tough crowd!
Listen to the stupid red hat blather on. What a joke.
I will, eventually. I don't tie myself to one system.
I went over my data caps two months in a row so my Stadia is gathering dust right now. I refuse to give Comcast any more money. That's one barrier.
A hearty yep.
Victim complex in full effect!
The Witcher 3 and Immortal Redneck.
It's not.
Charge Overwatch overnight. Ba dum tsssss
Yuuuuuge mistake, buddy. Yuuuuuuuuuuuge.
If the analyst said so, it must so.
Red hats don't give a shit.
Ok.
The Witcher only because I was woefully unprepared.
No way, Jose.
You know, I don't feel bad for these people.
Data caps are real and they suck. I'm not playing right now because I can't afford overage charges. I've been spending a lot of time with my Switch and The Witcher 3.
Well that sucks for IMPOTUS. G'luck!
People are just as excited to get it as you are, homie. Give it a couple weeks. That's my plan.
This is hardly unpopular, tho. Anecdotal, but I feel like the fad is passing. You don't see as many tanning salons as you did up to a couple of years ago. Who knows, though.
Old enough to know he's peddling bullshit.
lol. GTFO out with the cringy af tough talk.
From some random redditor? I don't get it.
No idea what you're trying to accomplish here. Try English?
&gt;"No uh actually the guy who got blown up really won" When'd I say anything about the terrorist tho?
The gist of it is that I didn't say what you quoted. Is that right? Edit: you also don't know how to quote for shit. Get it together, red hat. I said "cringy af tough talk."
You're trying so hard. It's adorable. &amp;#x200B; Anyhow, enjoy.
Does this bag show up in your search?
Who thinks that? Are you confusing me with someone else? So many questions, so little time.
bad bot!
bad bot!
Cool. I was just curious. Thanks!
IMPOTUS says what?
" The Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election, must end quickly. Read the Transcripts, see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement, NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!" " Congress &amp; the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote, &amp; we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind! " No mention of Iran in his tweets. Weird.
"we" Baaaaaaaaaaaaaa baaaaaaaaaa
Don't forget the daily thread from some guy who wants to get his gf/wife into gaming and so he needs recs.
Fix them yourself. Replace the joysticks. Super easy.
In the thread about this their defense is actually "yeah, well Dems are MORE racist than Republicans."
Are these types of posts normal in January?
Eye can't even
YEAH SURE MAYBE I DON'T KNOW WHY ARE YOU YELLING
All good, man. This was pointless on both our parts anyway.
Yep. Someone should tell OP.
That's kinda illegal, don't you think?
NO. SHIT.
&gt;Dont you think the catholic church went a little too far? I know this is a morning show, so you cant talk about all those crimes I don't get this reference. I googled it and I'll have to watch it.
Agreed. I meant more so the continued extortion that the person I replied to suggested. Call it even and move on.
Thanks, man. Appreciate it.
I've gone back to Jewel precisely because of this. A little more expensive but a better experience overall.
Ok, this is common sense and hardly unpopular.
Good for OP, but it's nothing we haven't heard before.
I agree with you. All very valid points. I didn't mind the post either, and it beats the never-ending "help me find a game for my GF/wife" posts.
That's fair. They also could've provided an example or two, but that's just me.
Fuck military worship and fuck those who try to paint us as unpatriotic.
I don't even consider it a touchscreen. I'm okay with bare-bones, non-gimmicky games. That's just my preference though.
From what I can remember, Wave was very lackluster.
&gt; It could be something to do with the rumours of a new switch perhaps but why recall the switch when it is so unbelievably successful? That's a huge stretch.
Don't get me wrong, I'd love it just as much as the next guy, but I just don't see it happening.
Didn't you already share this a couple of days ago? Someone did if it wasn't you. Hmmmm....
A lot of people hate weed culture, even pot smokers.
Nice try, but the same pic was posted twice in the last 8 hours. Credit for trying though!
That's how leaks work.
Poke fans will still find a reason to get upset or something.
Yep. Satisfye grip and I love it.
Speaking of propaganda time my dude.
Trump's dick suckers? I don't get it.
/r/nocontextpics Screw this shitty sub.
It's the whole "ePsTeIn dIdNt kIlL hImSeLf" karma whoring bullshit.
(R)etarded
Policeman: "You wanna take it off or...?" Juicy: "Yeah I just wanted you guys to see it." *Proceeds to awkwardly remove guillotine.*
I mean, the Nintendo controllers aren't without their own issues, so who's to say he's not being the wise one here?
"We bitch and moan about every goddamn thing under the sun, but we'll still buy it."
I've never seen it so I'm glad they did, but I feel you.
Yeah I'm not sure I get the logic either.
The Beatnuts get no respect.
I get it. It's exactly why I'm digital only.
I can't even imagine being bothered by kids doing this shit. My kid does it all the time and sure it can be embarrassing, but they're kids, dammit.
I'm just glad we have something other than a right-wing talking point on top.
Didn't he have the terrorist killed because of his Impeachment? Many smart people are saying!
I'm with you!
What is SMTV?
You should branch out, my fellow human being. You're missing out on so much.
I should've known that. Thanks!
"I voted for Obama." Sure you did.
Fine. I won't call your African "American" ever again.
Pretty sure that's what OP just did, in a sense.
I can read the text fine.
That's the point of a protest?
Why are you taking such offense to a stupid comment?
Yes.
The point of a protest is to inconvenience people. They don't happen when it's best for everyone, including you. I don't protest (don't have much of a reason to). It's fine if you're on the opposite end. There's more ways than one to protest. Edit: So quick to downvote. Don't be so wound up this early, bud. It's Saturday. Smoke a bowl.
Maybe. Maybe not. Protests are what they are irrelevant of you or my opinion. I didn't say I agree with the methods. They obviously work, though.
Sure.
Do you really think I meant it? Think long and hard.
Not gonna lie. You had me in the first half, OP.
I don't know that this is unpopular. I'm on the fence about it.
People think they're so clever, don't they?
I like my cookies medium-rare.
They do! They just happened to be out on Saturday morning. Not sure if they've upped again.
Yep. They had a bunch. I tried the wildberry sweet stones and lime chews. Both tasted good and did the job.
Saturday morning, I got there around 10:15 and was inside by 11:20 and out the door 20 minutes later. The guys out front said the lines are shorter in the afternoon.
I agree. Sorry, dude.
Cause he can?
&gt;Good comment retard
You sound like the kind of guy who is only happy when putting others down just saying, feeling a lot of negative energy
Holy shit dude. You pretty much live on Reddit, too.
He thinks I'm you because I made a similar comment. Sup, dude.
/u/[TerpenoidTester](https://www.reddit.com/user/TerpenoidTester/) thinks I'm you because I made a similar comment to yours. He believes we're using alts and we're one and the same person. Just checking in to see if I'm you and you're me.
no u!
How do you know I'm pretending? What was my point again?
I like your explanation better than mine!
&gt;Kill yourself
The door guys were telling us the lines tend to slow down in the afternoon after the morning rush, so take that for what it's worth. Maybe try calling ahead?
They were out completely. Good luck!
&gt;Would you like to continue to eat shit from my ass?
&gt;Good typing Mr retard man.
&gt;Man smoke some weed, you're riled up as fuck 😂
&gt;What a useless comment. A perfect reflection of your pathetic existence.
Did you mean frankly?
OP: Hey, you're on federal US grounds. Please step onto the sidewalk. Them:
Classic /u/non-return-valve
I just play what I want when I want. Seems to work out well for me.
Someone should reward this stupidity with gold. Show it off to the world.
&gt;Way more popular than obama. &amp;#x200B; LOLOLOLOLOLOL &amp;#x200B; Prove it.
You sound real dumb.
That's what I got out of his gibberish.
Considering what? I'm laughing.
Excellent point. Trump has proven time and time again that he cares about Putin's opinion.
Yeah, Alex Jones, Qanon, Tucker Carlson, Shapiro. The possibilities are endless!
I'm not in college. I don't wonder about what you're going to do, ever.
Followed and converted to YT Music. Thanks!
Oh no worries, I know that. I convert them for myself every couple of weeks or so. Nonetheless, your effort is greatly appreciated!
I make it a point to leave them up and will only typically delete if the other person I'm replying to delete theirs and it no longer make sense. I don't feel like a badass, though. lol
Reddit is finicky af.
It's a no for me, dawg
/end thread
The more I hear about socialism the more I like it.
All right, I guess. Guy next to me just unleashed hell on Earth. Fuck me. My ass is also wet because my Indian co-workers wet their asses after they're done shitting and they leave a watery mess underneath the toilet seats which I don't notice until after I've started shitting.
Those names suck tho
Broke ass couldn't afford Mickey D's but now she can because of a pyramid scheme. What am I missing?
Do you know what sub you're in or nah?
U mad? &amp;#x200B; Edit: Shitty troll is shitty.
Not too shabby, I guess. Enjoy. I love the packaging.
Las nieves de enero - Chalino Sánchez
Bite me.
You linked to a 2 second video.
Sorry. I should've realized 500 people already mentioned it to you.
I hear our army is scared to death of the Chinese army. I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm just saying. Our guys aren't forced to join the military...
Quick! Find a way to blame Google!
The Witcher 3 is a solid port.
Shit. I think I agree with you, OP.
I'm okay if it never comes to the Switch. I can't imagine the video quality would be worth the trouble of logging in.
Sounds easy as heck.
Nice score!
/r/im14andthisisdeep
I need more of this. We need more of this.
What else did you learn from cruising OP's profile?
What was your favorite bar of 2019?
The Witcher 3 and I might finally finish up Katana Zero.
1953
Overage charges.
No, we don't. I don't need it to do a ton of things just okay.
Sure
It's all the same shit anyways.
Religion does a pretty good job of that all by itself.
So if they dropped the Witcher 3 without explaining the efforts they took to accomplish it, you'd be good with that? I feel like people would be besides themselves crying about how it's an inferior product and shame on CDPR for thinking they'd pull a fast one over our heads.
Recently?
Personally speaking, the eShop is the last place I'd want to read reviews. There's plenty better outlets for that, if you ask me.
"I am really not hating" Bruh
Guilty Conscience - 070 Shake
No idea what TMS even means.
Don't leave it on an airplane.
Preaching to the choir here, aren't you?
Oh, mine is safe and sound, bud. I'm just passing along other peoples' hard-learned lessons!
D'oh. I kept thinking Shin Megami Tensei but that made no sense. Thanks!
k.
Parenting. How the fuck does it work?
What a shite argument. Irrelevant to the discussion at hand.
One more reason to vote for Bernie.
I was just wondering if Stadia still works at hotels, too.
Keep going.
Lots of armchair lawyers are PISSED.
You sure that's our tax money and not donations?
Somebody wanna copy/paste?
&gt;That's not an argument. Maybe you should debate me rather than resorting to personal attacks.
I wonder if this is a weekly thread or something.
Abso-freaking-lutely.
Rules for thee, but not for me.
At least they're calling them lies nowadays instead of "mistruths," whatever the fuck that meant.
Make it 21 across the board and call it a day.
Yep. Clearly. They love spreading bullshit but hate to be called on it. Oh well.
Sup, kettle.
Make me.
&gt;"The Aug. 4, 2011, piece you are referring to, headlined “Close the Gaps: Disparities That Threaten America,” was an editorial, not a news article. It was written by a member of the Valley News Editorial Board and as such reflects the opinion of the newspaper." You sure he said it?
You're SOL, my friend.
Don't let the armchair psychologists get to you. They're full of it.
Again, let's leave it to the professionals, unless, of course, you're one?
I just don't get why everyone wants to play armchair psychologist. Dude had a bad week, admittedly, and he took his frustrations out on an electronic device. It was a bad decision, but to sit there and tell him he's going to end up in prison is laughable at best.
That's a very valid point I didn't consider. I just think OP had a bad week, let his/her anger get the best of him/her and now they regret it. If OP came out swinging at his critics then I think people might have a case to make for OP seeking professional help. To me, OP seemed pretty level-headed in their responses.
That's just silly.
Yeah, of course they're capable. They're also capable of climbing Mount Everest. Will it happen? Probably not. Is it worth worrying over? Shit no.
Look at you trying to psychoanalyze me because I refuse to castigate OP like the rest of you armchair quacks all did. Have fun with that, buddy.
Dude's still tending to his wounds.
Bees knees
I never cared for the original so put me in the "don't care" camp. I wouldn't be opposed to the idea tho.
Makes no sense to me either. If you like the game, get it. Stop worrying about whether it's coming out in physical format. Chances are, they'll end up overpaying because it's a limited run anyway. I don't quite get the obsession.
Ent is slang for someone who smokes weed.
&gt; Oh good, another 5 year old port headed to the Switch I saw this tweet in response. Why is this a bad thing?
Can't say I blame the coyote for its actions.
I don't use it, tbh. I'm pretty sure it's a Reddit thing.
Bad bot!
That's possible, I suppose. Edit: what's with the downvotes, weirdos?
NES, SNES, N64, XBOX, Gamecube, PS2, Wii, PS3, PS4, Wii U, Switch Gameboy, GB Advance, GB Micro, DS, DSi, DS Lite, 3DS
I smell blueberries in mine.
Blasphemy.
I like your explanation better, honestly. I *think* it's short for enthusiast or some shit.
Maybe it's the nostalgia?
Sheltered or whatever it's called. Way too difficult.
Don't limit your gameplay because of what *could* happen. People say all the time they treat their Switches like a newborn baby and it still happens.
Exactly. This guy gets it.
This is really at the top of this sub? Wow.
I heard her call herself Puerto Rican and not Latinx (God I hate that word) but maybe she did it elsewhere. She also said she researched for several years (whatever that means). I tried reading it but it was too much like a telenovela. I can see how people would be upset. I'm still not convinced of the controversy tho.
I feel like these types of threads are a dime a dozen.
"Acceptable?" Interesting choice of words.
Literally the first sentence of the post.
Call me crazy but I like it.
Wait - You mean you guys haven't already been demanding this shit for the last several weeks?
It's in the article.
Who said to have to convince anyone to pay attention to the service?
Because if they share details on a project and it goes south then the sub will want their heads on a platter. They can't win so they play it safe by keeping mum.
I'm sure she'll get right on it.
Trump's Dick Suckers. Weird flex by magatards, but who can ever figure those types out...
That's what news websites do...
They could, but maybe they don't want to? A lot of people don't want to have to deal with emulation.
Right. Now find that middle ground and make it work. Sounds easy, don't you think?
Do you like breakfast sandwiches? I like breakfast sandwiches.
Hey... It's this mug again.
He's Trump's role model.
Are you going to be nice and buy them a new pair, since they're so cheap?
Sorry. I wasn't asking you to do it. I meant generally speaking.
You're not the first nor last to bring this up, OP.
So another day that ends with a y?
Clickbaity title is clickbaity.
This sub is running out of stuff to complain about. I can feel it.
Fair enough.
A lot of people don't want to buy an older console. If they want a port it's fine, man. You don't have to purchase it.
A lot of people don't want to buy an older console. If they want a port it's fine, man. You don't have to purchase it.
OOF. I never even considered that. Sucks for the next guy!
Another very valid point.
I never charge my dead switch on the dock and it charges just fine.
I don't get the point of this post.
Wow. So true.
Plenty of people are having fun with the service, so I'm not so sure about that.
Lots of feelz.
I'm still trying to figure out what the fuck they said. That title gives me anxiety.
Bruh I paid .99 a month for my pager back in the day. The fuck? I do remember spending hours trying to record the perfect greeting tho.
I used to try and find the right house music mix to spotlight on my intro. Good times!
Less thinking, more research on your part next time, pardner.
True true
[Immortal Redneck](https://youtu.be/EqHowBW6wZE). Check it out.
You've used peacock and HBO max?
Now you're just being pedantic as hell for no reason whatsoever. Geez.
For a community that prides itself on being the core demo for Stadia (older, jobs, kids, limited time, etc.) it sure as hell needs a lot of hand-holding. I'm too busy to get worked up over things like this.
Sound advice.
Exactly. No matter what, Google can't win. Outrage culture needs to die off.
Which takes little to no effort to do. You get that, right?
My gosh what a horribly worded tweet.
Seem him twice and both sets were similar and I fucking loved it.
Yes.
Too late.
Doesn't even make sense.
Cause it's dumb.
Thanks for taking time out of your day to explain. Still dumb.
Assholes can't reproduce.
See now, that would've been funny.
Fuck's he got to do with it?
You're all right, bud.
Who's upset?
Life isn't fair, bucko.
Apparently, they are.
I'm with 100%.
Witcher 3 until my eyes bleed.
Because I love the fucking game. It's blurry as shit, but I'm having a good time with it.
Dude's in /r/menrights are having a fit about women's subs. Funny shit.
This OP didn't try to pass it off as local tho.
I doubt most people believe China is better here. Speaking for myself, I love seeing them troll his cowardly ass. They're scum, too, but I'm enjoying the show.
Sucks for you, I guess, but thanks for sharing.
Byyyyyyyyye!
That's brutal. Sorry man.
I've had mine for about two months, no issues. I wax it once a week or so.
I haven't received anything, either. It's probably just random, which seems fair to an extent.
And that's cause I asked for them!
Yeah, insurance will handle it. No sense in getting outraged over weed. I'm of the opinion that things need to change, and if buildings burn in the process, then so be it.
"Fuck it. Shoot him in the back instead."
I should report you for bootlicking.
You're a good little bootlicker, aren't you?
I don't trust anyone that feels the need to tell me to trust them.
I've seen plenty of this from the media. Stop lying.
You've got no empathy but you're telling other people to grow up?
I won't argue against that point. It's completely valid.
Fuck if I know, but I'm still not fazed.
Apparently, if you seemingly break the law you also get murdered by pigs. Spare me your feelings on the matter, please.
Meh. Good PR.
Lol.
Found the redhat.
Because some things are bigger than mediocre video game trailers.
Dumb fascist pigs.
Something is going to change. If buildings burn in the process, then so be it.
Are you libertarian, aka an embarrassed Republican?
Shit can be replaced.
What about the other three?
I'm not sure if you've noticed, but he's not around much.
Looters and murderers? What the fuck are you blathering on about?
Tell me more about what you personally find to be acceptable forms of protest. Stuff that doesn't bother you or cause you any inconvenience whatsoever.
OP didn't ask you to rehash your dumb ass arguments.
Fuck it.
I disgust you? You must have low tolerance for disgust if my dumb ass opinion disgusts you. What about LEOs murdering innocent black men? What's that do for your feelings?
I am not sure what you're trying to say here.
That sucks.
Triggered happy pigs.
We can do it until we're blue in the face, my guy. There will always be looters and provocateurs looking to fuck it all up for you. You're not wrong; it's just not as easy as you want it to be.
We can go back and forth all day, man. If an innocent black man wasn't murdered by a cop, we wouldn't be here. Peaceful protests (kneeling) were mocked widely. Something's gotta give.
Stumpy fuck!
Speaking for myself I very much rather prefer a remote over my phone. Chromecasting isn't perfect, by any means.
True true
So you're saying he probably earned the beatdown?
Wholeheartedly agree. 250+ hours for me.
Trump likes his red maps. Will he like this one?
The real cringe is in the comments.
I thought so. Thanks!
You must be new around here.
Autofill is hit or miss for me nowadays.
How about no? And I say this as a Latino.
I need to see the science behind this claim.
You too, bud.
Gotttttem
How many?
I'm waiting for the redhats who say the "lamestream" media won't cover this story.
It's a tragic story, but is this the right subreddit for it?
You have to consider their feelings and wait until they're done. No ifs ands or buts.
MUH CENSORSHIP!
Speaking of disingenuous...
I'm still sad we won't get to see them this summer at Pitchfork.
I have nowhere to watch it.
No lie, I don't even come here for cringe anymore.
It's everything I hoped for.
Of course the pig hides her badge number.
You guys sure are making it real hard for me to dislike you immensely right now.
I have a day one system and it's still going strong. Aside from joycon drift, no real issues to report. I also don't treat my Switch like the second coming of Christ so it's a pretty sturdy system after all's said and done. Thousands of hours, mostly undocked. I play undocked 99.9% of the time.
Is the Joliet mayor is a fascist pig?
Fascist pigs carrying out Trump's America, I guess.
What did they do? I need something to get worked up over.
I fucking love MJ.
Sounds about white.
ANTIFA! OOGA BOOGA!
Did Pimmy Tool write the title?
Don't care. Burn them all.
I wouldn't say people go crazy.
"White people should be able to call back people niggers without impunity." Totally not racist.
Didn't we find the out yesterday?
I don't do many day one purchases anymore, so meh for me.
Where?
Yeah, let's avoid talking about difficult race issues. That'll do it.
Dumbfucking pig.
Redundant af.
Some redhat.
I tried with Bernie.
Maybe they've always been there, and they're emboldened now?
A dust cyclone is also handy along with the shop vac.
Are people not allowed to criticize?
They won't. They're all talk.
If you start out argument with "So..." you already lost, my guy.
He's got a beef and he brought it to the sub. Isn't that what this sub is for? Or is it just for bootlickers who are willing to give out a praising review? Your "gist" of OP's post is far off the mark, my guy.
Your last two posts start out the same. You lost, my guy.
I guess you're choosing to be dense.
Everyone's a Nazi nowadays.
Do you have the sub rules handy or nah, since you're going around policing the forum and all?
Oh, I'm sorry I didn't consider their feelings.
Are they correct about your views? I didn't check your profile.
Here we go with the conversative victim complex again. It never fails.
Right. I'm triggered.
Search for "white people" in this sub and you'll see how popular an opinion it is. It's been gilded before.
Lol Ok then. Your response says it all.
Well that was uncalled for.
No shit? It's still victim complex bullshit. "Everyone is against me!"
Just not against white people?
Post this on /r/conservative and see how well it does. They banned me. Edit: They think a civil war is brewing because Live PD was pulled from the air this weekend. I shit you not.
Which type of bigotry is okay?
&gt;Aww, are you a triggered snowflake??
Fair enough. Take it easy, bud.
Tell me more.
There's always one.
Your post also got gilded twice. Popular af.
It was removed cause it's a popular opinion but we can continue to pretend it's a /r/conspiracy, if you want. We just need your submission statement.
But according to OP, those views are okay because "religion."
I'll be paying them a visit soon!
Scumsucking pigs.
It's a protest. It's meant to inconvenience. It's as American as apple pie.
So is killing an innocent black man. Don't get it twisted. Those people wouldn't be there if it weren't for that simple little fact.
This is some wholesome shit right here.
Check out the fucking edgelord.
Is Trump racist?
Fair enough. I meant anyone with a functioning brain.
Why won't the police weed out the bad police?
That's actually a good answer. Thanks for not simply downvoting and moving on.
Same thing happened to me three months ago. It'll never be the same again.
No music is fine with me.
People in this sub are downvoting a perfectly good response because nInTeNdO sUcKs!
No it doesn't. It's a much better experience overall.
Depends on who you ask.
You don't *have* to use another device. It's an option. Options are good.
I love how these threads eventually just turn into bitch fests.
When's the last time someone came up to you and "fucked" with you? Be honest.
Omg. So deep.
MAGAts are the worst.
You really just "both sides" the thread, huh?
Listen to you. You sound downright Qtarded.
You're so brave.
Retarded, even.
Libertarian? Aka "embarrassed Republicans?"
Ok. Trump supporters.
This is Amerikkka
Idiot vs racist fuck? I'll take the idiot.
He sounds like a fucking moron.
This is entirely acceptable, imo. No one likes to hear that loud ass beeping.
I'm sure these comments will be civil.
I don't.
Yo you really are a dumb fucking kid, aren't you?
No idea whatsoever, aye?
How about nowadays? Where does the KKK's political allegiance lie, in your opinion?
I'm so tired of this stupid post.
I tried to use the $10 discount on the Division 2 DLC but I had to get a refund, since the code only applies if the base game is included. It's dumb as shit, and today's update was garbage.
You only get upvoted if you post a dumb ass picture of your PS4 downloading a game.
Stahp it.
Looks pretty enough. I'd play it.
Aaaand we're back. I am, at least.
I appreciate your comment so much. I had to stop because I got all the game changers and now I'm broke.
I picked up this [little guy](https://www.sneakypetestore.com/collections/featured-products/products/teardrop-micro-bong?variant=32185748652113]) from Sneaky Pete's and it's been pretty good to me so far.
