Custom pin connectors are still stupid. They aren't superior to the standard 2.5 or 3.5mm, and it's not like there aren't other cable manufacturers making replacement cables already.
If you can find a pair of [JBL Studio 590's](https://www.jbl.com/loudspeakers/STUDIO+590.html) for that price it would serve you well. I've seen them as low as $600/each new.
I was wondering if anyone would mention his new song, are they using it in the movie? It'd be an odd coincidence if they weren't.
Might have been a little too critical for a biopic.
That light sword is going on my Agrias so I can finally stop using the holy lance. Both of my Excaliburs are already on other units, and I just can't justify farming another one.
Holy Lance is fine, still a nice little bump in attack in comparison (+14) and super nice for people like me that are already using multiple Excaliburs on other units.
You can have mine, I have too many damn tanks. WoL, Mystea, Wilhelm, Cecil, EV, all this juggling is making me dizzy so I just leave WoL in 99% of the time.
Unfortunately, those systems are not meant to be taken apart or serviced in any way.
Comcast has been going around "upgrading" everyone's plans for "free". Often, I've seen that they are moving customers to a higher speed tier, but discounting their rate *for a limited time*. I would look at your bill closely. Aside from that, if everyone on your block *also* received a free speed upgrade, it's possible that the total utilized bandwidth for your area has gone up as a result of the increase, effectively lowering your available bandwidth during peak times.
What model TV do you have? My Samsung Smart TV has a home button on it, does yours not?
The OS install date is likely just the date of the last major Windows 10 update (the latest update is basically a new OS). Given the timing of your issues, there may be an issue relating to the graphics card. Have you tried updating to the latest NVIDIA drivers?
What model is your laptop?
It's very possible the keyboard is failing, or at minimum malfunctioning, especially given that many of the keys are located in the lower left corner of the keyboard. If the keyboard still does not work properly after a fresh install, the issue is hardware related. Unfortunately there is little you can do outside of reseating the ribbon cable for the keyboard or outright replacing it.
I'd just move it or use the plastic wand attachment near the computer. The chassis usually isn't susceptible to static, but the front facing usb ports certainly could be.
&gt; they've lost my business. Count yourself lucky if you have alternatives. Most of us don't.
Malware wouldn't be able to affect all devices, I would certainly bring the issue to your ISP.
Thanks for updating with your fix, it's nice for others that may come here in the future with the same issue.
Are you streaming the live games through a particular service? Or just streaming them online from a less than legitimate source? 3rd party hosters often make their money by running ads and doing other shady behind the scenes tasks that may not run on a phone or tablet, but are running with reckless abandon when navigated to on your Mac and eating up bandwidth.
Definitely narrow it down to a particular IO, could be a short somewhere.
The issue could very well be on the ISP side, a good test would be to see if it affects another device.
You can use any USB charging cable, yes. The Galaxy j5 uses a standard usb 2.0 micro-usb cable.
+1 for wifi analyzer, been using it daily for like 5-6 years now.
Check with neighbors? It's possible that the school no longer carries that channel, but hasn't updated the website.
You should be able to download Norton from the the page you purchased it as many time as you like, you don't need to buy another copy. If you are having issues uninstalling AVG, they have an "AVG Remover" utility available [here](https://www.avg.com/en-us/utilities).
I'd check your upload speeds. Running a proxy through your home means you will be restricted to the upload speed of your internet connection. Most 100mbps download plans still only have uploads of 10mbps (or less). 10mbps plus the inherent latency to the middle east may not be suitable for streaming services. Additionally, you don't want to have to play phone IT support when your house loses power. Smart DNS works differently than a proxy, as it appears to only mask your dns lookups (which is enough to fool most streaming services, apparently), rather than acting as a proxy for all of your traffic. $25/yr is CHEAP, just do it.
Very weird, it's certainly possible that the devices have been temporarily blacklisted because they have higher than normal use on the free XFINITY network. It's not meant to be used as a daily internet connection, they may have identified your devices by MAC address.
&gt; It may send logs back reporting on web traffic as part of that. 100% it logs visited websites. Nearly every business grade AV tracks all URL lookups, Trend, Kasp, Norton, Sophos, and McAfee certainly all do.
&gt; epoxy YUK! Yeah man, anything to prevent user repair-ability. It's a strange, strange world we live in.
Try uninstalling the drivers and installing a previous version (rather than the latest version).
Try downloading and installing the latest bluetooth drivers for your computer from Acer.
If you can go a bit bigger, I think the UE Wonderboom is fantastic sounding, I'd even go as far to say it's better than the full sized UE Boom 3.
"Cooler" as in it keeps things cold, not meaning cool looking.
I thought they were goodyear welted, if that is the case then yes, they can be resoled.
I love my Kinect solely for the reason that it acts as a voice operated IR blaster. I can walk in to my house and turn on my xbox, receiver, and tv, then open spotify, all with my voice while I'm getting dinner ready. Volume up, volume down, as well as pause and play are great to have with multiple people watching, just say "xbox pause" when you need to go grab a beer, no need to find out who has the remote. If they simply sold it as a $50 voice activated universal remote, nobody would bat an eye.
Pretty much. The only other material I can think of is satin/silk, but I doubt you can find a real blanket made out of either, and they certainly won't be "heavy".
It's vaguely possible that there is some software emulation that could be going on to give a "3d" soundspace. [Here's a company that shows an example](http://www.3dsoundlabs.com/#section_2). Basically it feeds some of the sound from the left channel and to the right and vice versa to give the illusion of listening to loud speakers rather than headphones.
"GolfNow members will be able to redeem their Rewards on Hot Deals tee times available ~~Monday through Thursday after 2:00 p.m. booked three or more days in advance.~~ Thursdays and Holidays after 7:00PM in the month of October booked three or more years in advance". Literally just as useful to me.
Just so you know, the lady that asks that question is the neighbor...that's why she's in another yard and black.
Just get any USB DAC that you like and get a usb-C adapter. For example [this](https://www.amazon.com/Cable-Matters-USB-C-Printer-Scanner/dp/B00VKSF39O/ref=pd_bxgy_107_img_3?_encoding=UTF8&amp;pd_rd_i=B00VKSF39O&amp;pd_rd_r=RN6M81ATZZ9EBSB6HFZB&amp;pd_rd_w=YPKkd&amp;pd_rd_wg=FfAUY&amp;psc=1&amp;refRID=RN6M81ATZZ9EBSB6HFZB) will allow you to use any USB-B device.
You'd need to do it in software, even then you'd be running all audio to the computer first, then outputting to the DAC. It'd be far easier to combine the signals in the analog domain. While possible, I don't think I've ever seen a hardware mixer that accepts digital inputs.
All wireless speakers have amps in them, they have to in order to drive the speaker. Wireless speakers will only have line level inputs like RCA or Optical.
Unfortunately, the system is likely failing due to some internal component (a capacitor would be my guess).
Unfortunately, no. If you get a USB DAC that has a digital output, you could certainly bypass it.
Welcome to the show. Mine did the same thing. There's a lot of stress on those plastic tabs, especially for those of us with larger heads. They will not sell you a replacement, even though it's like, a $5 part. I had to buy a cheap 300S on eBay to replace the part myself. Overall I've had a terrible customer service experience with them. I will never buy a Hifiman product again.
I'd lower it a tad, you don't want a bump of the preamp volume knob to blow anything up. Ideally you'd want both pots to be in the 30-70 range, that's where they are more accurate from a channel balance standpoint.
Just use a standard RCA.
Bears fan actually. ..and right now I'm pissed that we haven't had a player selected to the pro bowl in three years.
Yeah, they say right there that they are injection molded, no resoling.
Totally man, took me forever to find an OP Maggot Brain in playable condition. I've got most of the Parliament/Funkadelic discography now, but "Tales of Kid Funkadelic" still eludes me.
&gt; (neck resets) don't diminish the value as long as they are done right. For a bolt-on, sure, but I've never seen a neck reset on a set neck *not* affect the value.
You've probably only got a few years until the baby figures it out too.
I'm all about that 0#0#0#0# life mang.
I pay $1/mo for an app on my phone that does it for me. It's actually super useful and totally worth $12 year.
I don't really know, then again most of the vintage guitar collectors I've ever met never actually play their damn guitars. I have to assume that since there are so many out there that *haven't* needed a neck reset, there really isn't an incentive to pay the same amount for a guitar that has had work done. In my experience, acoustics are living and breathing, I don't think I've ever held a truly vintage acoustic that hasn't needed or already had significant work done to it.
Profits go to pretty much everything from the lease to salaries. The more I learned about Goodwill, the happier I was to shop there. They really to provide a great service to those with disabilities and criminal records looking to get some job stability.
Only if the person pulling it off the truck thinks it's worth anything. Some nice stuff definitely goes out on the floor because the employees don't know/care what it is.
You can just ask for a new number. You can say "I think it was stolen" and they will issue a new number entirely. They only reissue the same number if your card expires or breaks.
That's fair, as a non profit they kind of have to do that eh. It's interesting to think of net and gross when your product cost is nil.
The beauty is that Apple doesn't really need a reason to ban something from their app store. Sure, they have rules and regulations, but there's nothing stopping them from removing anything they want.
I'm a big fan of the UE Wonderboom. Surprisingly neutral and loud without the bloated muddy bass most BT speakers seem to be designed for.
I fully enhanced Garland. I mean, he easily reaches 1200+ ATK and 1600+ with TDH. He's got great ability elemental coverage, only missing ice, lightning, and light. Even has innate man-eater. Not bad for a 3* base. If only he had an attack with more than 200% damage.
That would be so much more useful. I managed to bear through it (only wasted like, 200NRG...). DQ event was certainly the time to do it though because of all the friend Dragonlords.
Bahamut offers 6 paths, one for each stat. You have enough SP to complete 3 of them. Most agree that ATK and MAG are the most important, and HP/MP to be useless (hp/mp scaling is garbage on espers atm). That leaves you with DEF/SPR. Tanks are generally going to be using Golem, so the obvious choice for me is SPR. Phoenix is pretty simple as well. Get the undead magic killer and raise. The rest is up to you
Wilhelm is certainly better than Cecil, but he serves a slightly different purpose. In this game there are two distinct types of tanks. Cover tanks, and provoke tanks. Provoke tanks (like Wilhelm) specialize in forcing opponents to attack the tank rather than the rest of the party, this works great for single target attacks, but does nothing for AoE attacks that hit all units. Cover tanks do this a different way. Rather than forcing the opponent to attack the tank directly, the tank absorbs incoming damage directed towards allies. This works great for AoE, but is less effective for single target attacks because of some math behind the game mechanics. Cecil, WoL, Mystea are examples of cover tanks. WKN, Wilhelm, LMS are examples of provoke tanks. Generally speaking, 5* base tanks (like wilhelm) are going to be better than 4* or 3* tanks like Cecil.
Yes. I've had several receivers from Onkyo and Sony that did this as well. Basically, any receiver with remote volume before digital volume control (pre 1990 or so) did this.
As the owner of a CA-810, I reject your buttons and demand switches.
It definitely looks nice, but it's not really optional when the unit has a real potentiometer. You simply aren't changing the volume without physically moving the pot.
The yellow balloon from the raid boss is worth getting, just because it's a unique item we may not see ever again.
Ice brand is craftable.
The spell itself is, yes, the DoT is a status effect and doesn't count as magic.
Gentrification is a real thing, all it does is displace even more people. There's always going to be a "rough" part of town, attempting to clean it up by forcibly removing its inhabitants only creates more issues. I wouldn't live there based on that alone.
Are you asking if people who make more should pay more taxes, or if they should have a higher tax *rate*? I think it's obvious that the rich should pay more than the poor, if you were to force everyone to pay the same dollar amount it would have to be laughably low to ensure that the poor can afford it. A percentage based income tax makes way more sense. Now, should the rich be taxed at a higher *rate*? That's tougher. Some would say that it doesn't encourage wealth, I think that's nonsense. Personally I believe that the rich *should* pay a higher tax rate, but only on the income above the bracket should be taxed at that rate. This is currently how the US tax system works. For example. Say the tax rate is 33% for anyone making up to $50,000, but jumps to 35% from $50,000 to $150,000. If someone makes, say, $100,000/yr, *only* that $50,000 should be taxed at 35%. This means the effective tax rate for that individual is 34%. This prevents someone who receives a raise from $49,999 to $50,000 from making effectively less money because they moved up a tax bracket.
Where do you live that taxes are handled this way?
Must have been me combining your last comments together in my head, sorry about that.
I'm on board so long as we can close all the loopholes. The rich are already paying a smaller effective percentage than the average person anyways. I'd rather see them pay 30% than see them pay 45% while getting out of 20% of it.
That I can't really explain, sorry. My advise would be to either find a way to demo some subs, or at least look for some subs with RCA/TRS through functionality so that you can connect your 305's to it.
You cant still do this without the MAIN IN part.
Settings-&gt; Display-&gt; Screen Mode
Wow, then my gut would tell be it could possibly proc both physical and magic covers.
I've got a decent leather jacket from them, it's got a removable wool liner. Some of their leather goods were up to snuff.
Weeds are just plants we decided that we don't like the look of.
I believe their potted maximum does increase. Also, there is no need to pot the second 6*, as it gets effectively turned in to an item and those pots go to waste.
He's certainly got more versatility as he's got a pretty solid ATK/MAG break and isn't tied down to a specific element like Fry so he's more compatible with other chainers and can be used no matter what resistance an enemy might have. That said, Fry does a lot more damage, but is more difficult to build. I'd farm the Ice Katana and use them together though.
He casts it first turn, then at every HP threshold (70%/50%/30%). If you cross more than one threshold in a single turn it appears he will cast it in consecutive turns for each threshold you crossed.
&gt; 2 XLR to 3.5mm cables Do you mean two individual XLR to 3.5mm cables? Those will not work the way you want them to work. A 3.5mm to XLR cable is going to carry a stereo signal, which you do not want going to your single speaker. You need a single 3.5mm to dual XLR (Y breakout cable) to split that stereo signal in to two mono channels, one for left, one for right. &gt; I was going to buy a sound blaster z PCIe card Unless there is a specific reason you want the sound blaster, I'd recommend getting an external DAC over an internal card. Less interference in general, and more flexible moving forward. Additionally, even with a 3.5mm to dual XLR, you will be running an unbalanced connection. In computer environments these *can* be noisy. It would be recommended to get an audio interface like the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 so that you can connect your speakers via TRS/XLR rather than using adapter cables.
Those are passive speakers, they will not function without an amplifier.
Yup, hell, last night I was testing and couldn't find any non-terminated speaker wire so I chopped a cheap RCA cable up and it worked fine. Basically anything made of copper with more than a few strands will work.
Do you have a laptop or something that you could test on to see if it is something with your machine? It makes sense that it may not be fully USB3.0 compatible. If still weak, there may be some sort of issue with the connection between the DAC and amplifier internally. In that case you'd want to contact Schiit support. Lastly, do make sure that the unit is set to the correct output, it is possible that at high levels the audio could leak from one to the other.
&gt; Is he better than Dark Veritas right now? Yes. His HE chain damage modifier is higher (2x for DV, 2.6x for eOrl). &gt;Does he continue to beat out VoD, post VoD's enhancements? I'm not really hip to JP, but it looks like his enhancements are pretty similar to Orl. So, they're probably about the same. The difference here is that VoD's HE chain is innately Dark. One one hand it's nice because he doesn't need to equip a dark element weapon, but this means he has to element flexibility. Orl imperils light, but the damage is element-less, which means he can do any type of damage depending on what weapon he wields. Basically, I think VoD has usefulness, and with enhancements might even have more innate ATK, but unless you are dark chaining, he doesn't beat Orl.
&gt; Xlr to dual xlr cables have only about 3 inches of cable length from the split So long as there isn't a stopper, the cables can be pulled apart. Just pull until the desired amount, then stick some electrical tape at the split to keep it from continuing. &gt; Also would the soundcard not give me balanced audio? Correct. Unbalanced audio over 3.5mm. &gt; The 2i2 could work but if probably need a bigger desk because I'm fighting for space, but that's a non issue really. And if I were to get that I'd need male to male connections still, right? Yup. You could need TRS -&gt; TRS cables, or TRS -&gt; XLR cables.
I thought it was a joke that millennials were scared of handling raw meat. Guess there's some truth to that. Food-borne illness is certainly a thing, but unless it's chicken I don't worry much about it other than handwashing utensils/cutting boards afterwards.
That's me all over. I'm a compulsive taster, I figure I've eaten about a serving and a half by the time I'm done cooking, so no need to make a plate.
Ah shit, you're right. He's the only HE chainer I don't actually have. So it looks like he's about the same as Orl, although IMO harder to gear if you want to self imperil because dark swords aren't as abundant as light. He does have a slightly better break, however.
&gt; 1) Do multidriver earphones need more current or something, due to more components? Or a higher voltage? My PC is able to supply more power (?) Impedance isn't necessarily tied to multiple drivers, or anything else in particular. The ZS6 is 15ohm, which is certainly sensitive enough for just about any output. &gt; 2) Is the problem the amplifiers or the DACs? PC has a Realtek ALC888S, phone Snapdragon 625 (Hexagon DSP?), and laptop some Conexant chip. The ALC888S is a reasonably decent chipset, I can't speak for the others. &gt; 3) Any suggestions to get a similar output from y devices? I'm forced to apply a large bass boost to my earphones to make them bearable....PC's untouched output is however the best thing I've ever heard. Other than perhaps an external usb dac or amplifier, not really. &gt; 4) cont 2. If I had to buy something to fix this, would it be an amp or DAC? What would you recommend under $100? I'd probably just go for a combo amp/dac to make things simple (and smaller). The FiiO Q1 is a pretty popular option at the moment. &gt; 5) Why aren't these Realtek chips used in DAPs or anything? Tom's harware wrote an interesting article about how their best chips were comparable in quality to some $2000 DAC/AMP combos and they're also dirt cheap (Less than 2 dollars a chip) You'd be surprised. The DAC chip is usually one of the *least* expensive components of a DAC. Even highly rated chips from Burr-Brown or Wolfson can be had for a few dollars. Silicon is cheap.
eAgrias is pretty solid man, especially since she chains with Fry, Orl, Seph, and DV.
Pretty much, yes. The subsonic filter is for removing rumble that causes excess cone movement. I believe this unit was produced from 1977-1979.
One would think for $3000 you would get some decent features, but even the A-S1000 only has basic eq and balance.
New enough to have all the features, old enough to still have aluminum in stead of plastic.
Get real soy-boy
Banana plugs for sure. It's all about convenience and durability. Banana plugs rank highly in both categories. Or do you mean for a preamp?
&gt; It's actually a nice weapon to have a dupe of, I don't think we have lots of ~~elemental~~ swords with decent attack. FTFY For some reason every good weapon is a Greatsword. Of the 7 swords above 100ATK, 4 of them are 5* TMR's, 1 of them was a limited time purchasable bundle, and 1 of them is a TMR of a limited time unit. Literally *one* 100+ ATK sword is a 4* TMR, *and it's the lowest attack of them all*. Conversely, there are 14 greatswords with 100+ ATK, and they come from events, 3* tmrs, one of them is literally given to you in story mode.
The one's you are missing: Onion Sword (Onion Knight TMR) 135 ATK Lohengrin (Premium Bundle) 109 ATK Mana Blade (Randi TMR) 101 ATK Sorcery (Silvia TMR) 100 ATK Literally the only one that's remotely attainable is Sorcery. Everything else is locked behind a 5* TMR or is unobtainable altogether.
Oh don't get me wrong, Trump is a man-child that's been given a blank check to a world superpower.
They do cap at 300%, as pretty much everything in the game does. Physical and Magic Killers are separate caps, however. I've not explicitly tested the Duke skill, but it would seem that it should stack with other sources of physical dragon killer.
It's all pretty reliant on your supporting setup. Seph/Orl/eAgrias/DV are great chaining comps because they self imperil. OK needs help to get there but has more raw damage output when enhanced.
"We've found an inoperable tumor in your father's brain, at this time we suggest contacting hospice" ^^^^honks ^^^^^nose
If your children are adults, yes.
For a beginner? Learn to make contact. Don't worry about hitting it far, don't even necessarily worry about hitting it straight. Those things come with time, but *everything* relies upon making contact. I often see beginners swinging for the fences, or trying to figure out how to get rid of their slice/hook when they straight up whiff or hit the ball with the heel/toe of the club 80% of the time.
Of course that's okay. The key to golf (for us amateurs) is not to hit the ball a mile, it's consistency. Distance will come in time.
Eh, having two makes the fight a breeze as it helps the RNG aspect. His utility can only increase over time as I don't see us getting a better turn 1 fire nuke any time soon. Either way, he's absolutely a circus unit, but those friend Dragonlords don't come out of thin air!
&gt; If I let unused equipment sit for years, will it degrade to the point of being unusable? Foam surrounds will degrade whether you use the speakers or not. Capacitors kept in a cool dry place certainly won't blow on their own, but will still fall out of spec over time. Resistors and IC's will generally be okay if kept in a cool dry place. Tubes are similar so long as a seal doesn't spontaneously fail. Whether the device is rendered unusable or not highly depends on the quality of components used and how long the unit sits. My advice is to either: 1. Purchase something heirloom quality and use it for yourself 2. Wait until she's old enough to use it and purchase it then
&gt; Can a DAP drive power hungry 600 ohm headphones? Theoretically, yes. I don't know of any devices on the market that do, though. You'd be better off with a standalone portable headphone amp.
Can the babyface record from the optical input? If so just get a receiver that supports both optical in/out, then connect the babyface to both.
Those 6 pin mini connectors are not compatible with standard 3/4 pin slots. You'll need an adapter, but I can't find one in a cursory search.
&gt; I'm passably good with a soldering iron and have a multimeter That's not normal soldering, that's microsoldering and it's a different beast.
From someone that has tangible hearing loss. Go see an ENT (ear, nose, and throat doctor). There are dozens of causes and resolutions to hearing issues, an ENT is the only professional that can properly diagnose you with hearing loss and help to develop a solution.
&gt; Six McNuggets and a medium fry with no drink is nearly $7 Yeah, when you order things that aren't on whatever the current iteration of the "dollar menu" is. You used to be able to get 8 nuggets for $2 and a medium fry for another dollar. Nowdays I grab a McChicken, a cheeseburger, and a drink, and walk out the door for $3.18 Same with Taco Bell, you could order a quesadilla and a drink for like $10, or you can get 10 pounds of bean burrito for the same amount.
I just equivocate all my purchases to McChickens. $10 = 10 McChickens I call it the McChicken index, or MCI. Taco Bell dollar menu generally has an MCI of &gt;1, Wendy's is darn near 0.35
I have a cousin that maintains he's 6'5", but we're the exact same height. It's laughable how insistent he is that I don't know how tall I am.
No, not the Canadian McChicken, the American McChicken, which is the smaller sandwich. Still a deal for a dollar though.
Oh absolutely. But back then he was counting on what, 10-15 guys to have a shit round? Now anyone can win. You have so many flash in the pan types (think Martin Kaymer in 2011) that steal a major or two then sink back down to the middle of the pack. For example, take the majors champions in the 20 year period from '58-'78. Nicklaus: 15x Player: 9x Palmer: 7x Trevino: 5x Of the 80 Majors in that period, 36 were won by the same 4 players. In fact, only 25 Majors went to players that do not have more than one major under their belt, 10 of those were the PGA Championship, largely because it was often held close to the more storied Open Championship and top golfers didn't even attend the event in the early 60's.
One tip I'll give you is try practicing on real grass rather than mats. Sure, if you're using a tee it won't matter, but I personally hate hitting off of mats, it hurts my shoulder and all I do is duff the ball. As soon as I hit off of grass I'm striking them just fine.
Mine did it after about 8 months, I bought mine back in 2015.
I honestly suggest trying an OTL Tube amp. Not that it will be better than the iDSD, just, different.
You don't. [You fix it by buying a new one, they are pretty cheap tweeters](http://www.fullcompass.com/brand/KRK_KRK/Replacement-Service-Parts.html)
One step at a time is fine. Use them with the Focusrite. If you feel it's lacking or are looking for an upgrade down the line, invest in a headphone amplifier then. No need to rush out and buy something just because someone on the internet said so.
I'm 27 now, but things haven't changed much. I got a bank account at 15 because I started working and needed a place to put money. I walked in to a bank, said "I would like an account". I had my learners permit and my SS card with me and we opened an account.
Still have to open accounts in person with identification.
Ultima Online was once king of the MMO realm. That is, until EA got a hold of it. Obviously anything EA touches goes to shit, but that was one of the first times I saw it happen before my eyes. It's a little easier to watch it happening when it's an MMO that's always under development.
There's a difference. When someone you interact with often drops off of the map, it's generally a good idea to check up on them. I've had this go several ways. Sometimes you don't get a response. Or you get a frail one. It's never a good idea to push, but firmly stating that you're there for them if they need you goes a long way. Drop a line every once in a while, that's all you can do. Other times you get someone who wants to pull you in to their pit of despair. They like to make you feel like you are obligated to help them out. I call this OFS (Only Friend Syndrome). Pity friends aren't really friends, and both people are negatively impacted. The sooner you force them to realize what they are doing, the sooner they can stop.
I've always thought that McDonalds should start carrying faux-hollandaise. The Egg McMuffin is nearly a benedict anyways. I'd pay another $.50 to get some hollandaise goodness on top.
A traditional 401k gets taxed. As the money that goes in to it is pre-tax money that you don't pay income tax on. A Roth IRA (or 401k) consists of post tax dollars, and any gains are nontaxable when withdrawn.
It's been here in MD as long as I can remember.
IMO newer bags with anti-chatter features are far more effective and just a more elegant solution overall. Definitely more expensive than iron covers though.
Try switching to the CD input and enabling the built-in preamp on the table.
So when the turntable is connected to the CD input, and the built in preamp is on, you just hear static? Sounds like something is wrong on the turntable end. Try reseating the headshell (you release it by twisting the collar).
Damn straight motherfucker. Practicing? Have all the swing thoughts you want, tweak things, get technical. Playing? Get natural. Step up, hit the damn ball. If it's not muscle memory, how is it going to be repeatable? I understand stepping back to decide what kind of shot you are going to hit when coming out of a tricky lie, or how you are going to shape a shot; but once you've decided on it, commit.
Paintings, puppet shows, sculptures. I think the phenakisticope was invented in the early 1800's, which is about as close to animation as you can get.
The stupidest? *God doesn't exist because bad things happen to good people.* It's pretty much a basic pillar of Christianity that faith (and ultimately humanity) is tested. How could you possibly test faith if everything is rainbows and puppies all the time? If you don't give a person any motivation to do bad things, how can you determine if that person is a good person? I can certainly give you some stupid arguments *for* the existence of God, but this is by far the stupidest *against* the existence of God.
Nice. I have the same lofts, but the 60 gets so little use that I'm considering dropping it and picking up a 49/50.
Aside from built in apps? I'm pretty sure I've had the same bubble level app on every smart phone I've owned going back to my original Moto Droid.
A test of faith isn't necessarily that narrow. How many people does a toddler having leukemia affect? Parents, siblings, even the doctors treating the illness. I've seen entire communities come together to support a single individual. Negative things can bring us together, and just as easily tear us apart. The darkness is not the opposite of light, rather the lack of it.
It's never *not* convenient to have a bubble level on your person at all times. Hanging pictures? Bubble level. Applying a sticker? Bubble level. The ability to draw a straight, level line at all times is surprisingly useful. I certainly don't use it every day, but just like having a flashlight app (now obviously built in to android/iOS), it's a tool that I'm never without, and doesn't take up any additional space.
Four alarms. I set an alarm 15 minutes before I need to get up, 5 minutes before I need to get up, when I need to get up, and 5 minutes after when I *really* need to get up.
There are a LOT of insurance companies out there that would simply go out of business. You don't need medical insurance if the medical care is free. Sure, there may be some private medical practices and insurances out there, but a vast majority of Americans would no longer carry insurance. Unfortunately, lawmakers are people, quite often they are wealthy people. You know who owns stock in health insurance companies? The very same wealthy people. Simply put, free medical care (obviously not free, but paid for by taxes) stands to negatively affect the lawmakers' personal livelihoods. Nobody is going to want to pass a law that negatively affects them.
Because.
Do you not have the remote? Most of the time demo mode is set during initial startup, it's usually easy to turn off in the menus.
&gt; If we are gods creation and cancer is God's creation then cancer in kids is God's creation. According to christians, things don't just happen. Isn't that the entire creationist argument? Not *quite*. If my business creates peanut butter, bread, and jelly, am I responsible for Peanut Butter Jelly Sandwiches? Creationism is a moving target, and the explanation is different depending on whom you ask. So for a reasonable debate, we have to look at the larger authorities. I think the Catholic Church qualifies. The current Catholic view on creationism is that all things were set in motion by God. He is the unmoved mover. Now, does that mean that God is *directly* involved in the manner of all things? Hardly. Evolution is compatible with this idea. Stating that God created the building blocks of life, then left that life to grow and evolve on its own is a close approximation to the current standing. God begets life, life begets bacteria, bacteria begets disease. Not to say that cancer specifically is a result of bacteria, but you get my point. There *is* a conflict when it comes to specific instances, however. Not the existence of disease, rather the aforementioned instance of a toddler with cancer. To say that God is omnipotent, that all things are in control of God at all times, is quite a powerful statement. Recall that in the Bible, God has his own struggles with the likes of Lucifer. If God wishes *it*, is not within his power to make *it* simply be? If God is the creator of all things, are not all things a manner of his doing? That's an entire rabbit hole that I encourage people to explore with each other.
I suppose I'll put it this way. Suspend your belief for a moment if you will, that God doesn't exist. Suppose God's intent was to create *good* people. Now *good* is a judgement of character, character is a result of decisions. So for someone to be good, they must *choose* to be good. Fair enough, people need to have free will in order to choose to be good, and they need to choose to be good to be good people. Now, if you only put someone in a situation that being good benefits them, and being bad negatively affects them, are they really *choosing* to be good? No, they're just making the easiest decision. To separate the good from the bad you need people to have the motivation to make bad decisions, to do things that are evil. What makes people do bad things? Anger, jealousy, depression, revenge; things that develop as a response to the negativity in life. Good people need to be challenged to be good, they can't simply exist as good people. To prevent misfortune is to prevent growth and disserve the greater goal.
Did you just stack DPS? I assume you had to use Xon and a Healer at minimum.
They make outdoor in-ceiling speakers for this reason. Do not attempt to install indoor speakers outdoors.
Don't forget out west where they can't pronounce "bush". The first time I heard someone say "boosh" I had no idea what the hell they were talking about.
Old Bay is a product by McCormick spice company, which (along with Domino's Sugar) started right here in Baltimore.
Chick n' Ruth's or bust.
Understand that these people are the vocal minority. It seems like they are coming out of the woodwork but they've always been there. As you said, they just now have the ability to create their own echo-chamber to justify their beliefs.
&gt; Think about gravity. It's a singular point that pulls matter towards it. When you drop a ball, it goes to the ground towards that point. Simple to explain, the flat earth is moving upward at a rate of 9.8 m/s^2
I honestly believe that they got Kubrick to fake the moon landing. He was just such a perfectionist that he made them film on location.
Illegal activity all around, everything from attempting to sell a vape to an underage girl to arranging a sting under the guise of soliciting illegal drugs. It just so happens that people that buy and sell illegal things tend...to do more illegal things. The police are honestly not going to want to unwind all of this. My suggestion is to cut your losses. Let the police do what they are going to do and let it be, and keep your interaction with criminals to a minimum.
Generally helps if the Kallax is full of vinyl to weigh it down, thus dampening the vibrations. If you don't have enough to fill it I would suggest filling the cubbies with something else to bring up the total mass.
Air is probably too dry if you are having that much issue with static, have you ever thought of a humidifier? There's always going to be a degree of static, it's just the nature of things. What kind of mat are you using? Rubber mats are so ubiquitous in older tables because they aren't affected by static.
If you stop illegally parking, you'd probably stop getting towed. They aren't towing you because of the sticker, they're towing you because you aren't in a parking space. It really doesn't matter if you aren't blocking anything, if you aren't in a space, they're going to tow you. I'll agree that it's a blatant money-grab (as they likely make money on each tow), but it's well within their rights to tow anyone committing a parking violation so long as there is a tow sign posted. If there aren't enough spaces for you to park, you would need to take that to your landlord/leasing agency/HOA. Now, you say that it is a large complex, and that there are no spots available. Does that mean that there isn't a *single* spot in the lot? Or does it mean that there are no *convenient* spots near your entrance?
That literature does seem to indicate that the other owner could be held responsible for your veterinary bill, yes; at least according to the day care. Is there video of the attack?
It may very well involve changing ownership of the account, or opening a new account entirely. I'm not suggesting you can do this without his permission or involvement.
I would recommend /r/legaladviceUK for this, as this sub is mainly US based and we've got different laws regarding employment.
They can absolutely lower your wages without consent, they are only required to notify you that your wages are being changed.
Steam will not do anything about the skins, they only have the power to add and remove games from the account, not items within the games. It sounds like someone may have hacked your account in some way, but may not have been able to trade out items due to the authenticator. It seems nearly unthinkable that a hacker that compromised your account was lying in wait for your to transfer all of your items to a random person on your friends list. Something doesn't add up, either there is something you aren't telling us, or there is something you don't know involving your friend. Either way, Steam can't do anything about the skins, and there is no legal recourse here.
Do you have a lease?
Okay, I would assume you have some tenancy rights to file a noise complaint, but I'm only familiar with US law. /r/legaladviceUK might be of more help.
&gt; How do most vinyl users handle taking music on the go? We listen to digital music, like everyone else. Sure, there are some guys that may have records that are difficult or impossible to find in a digital format that will digitize their records, but that's a vast minority of folks.
&gt; if this means serious trouble for the business I would have to consider moving on I would say yes, a high ranking member of a 3-5 person company going to jail for retail fraud would be a sign that the business is in trouble. If you are worried about her losing a business license, that would indicate that she is the owner. That's a real bad thing for a small business. How long is she going to be in jail?
You didn't have proof of insurance, which the officer recorded as an uninsured vehicle. Get proof of insurance for the time and date of the ticket (may require a letter from the insurance company), and go to the courthouse with your ticket and evidence in-hand. A traffic misdemeanor is not like a criminal misdemeanor. It will not show up on a criminal background check like a DUI would. Either way, when you resolve the ticket it will be removed from your record anyhow. Traffic Court is the wild west, we can't tell you how long you'll be there. Plan on taking a morning off of work for this.
&gt; the supplier should be protecting their brand That's between the supplier and Tim. If you share a supplier and believe that Tim is outside the scope of the partner agreements, you can certainly tip them off. &gt; I need to create my own brand... I honestly fail to see the benefit here. Other than perhaps name penetration. The average consumer can read what the box says, and aren't thinking that Tim is manufacturing an item with a big Apple logo on the box.
Only bested by the NFCE IMO, the Skins/Boys rivalry has some real bad blood behind it.
They pretty much need the Bears to stop playing football altogether.
I'm on board with the Brady hate, but Soldier Field and Gillette Stadium are basically the same temperature in February.
OP actually has an 8 pin variant, you can count the cutouts in his picture. [https://www.amazon.com/Black-8-Pin-Mini-Cable-Ferrite/dp/B0026SY76M](https://www.amazon.com/Black-8-Pin-Mini-Cable-Ferrite/dp/B0026SY76M)
At this point it's harder to find a gas station that carries kerosene than it is to keep these things working.
I'm a sysadmin, and in my experience, older HP Laserjets are damn near indestructible, plus, all the consumable parts are user replaceable (fuser, rollers, pads, transfer assembly). While Brother makes a product at a much better price point, I have nothing but issues locating replacement parts. Canon may be a good compromise.
I think it has gotten worse in different ways. I will commend them in that there haven't been nearly as many catch issues as previous years.
Fair enough. Again, it depends on how often you do laundry. At that age it's very possible that his parents were doing laundry and didn't want to wash socks once a week.
You'd probably be best off either buying used, or getting him some sort of gift card to a retailer that sells tables, as you aren't going to get anything worthwhile new at that price. The *absolute* cheapest new turntable that's worth it's salt is probably the [Pro-Ject Elemental](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Pro-Ject-Audio-Systems-Elemental-Turntable-White/dp/B01CZW81MO). Unless you have a friend or other family member familiar with turntables, you may not want to venture in to used tables unassisted.
I have a brother and we look pretty similar, I don't know how that would help you though.
&gt; but no one at the house called for it to be towed. Well, *somebody* called the towing company. The towing company doesn't just arrive unsolicited and tow a car. &gt; was it legal for them to tow it that quickly and without notice &gt; It doesn't have a pass If the lot is marked as a tow away zone, and you do not have a permit on the vehicle, then yes, they can tow you whenever they please. &gt; I know when I lived in Texas they had to give notice. It was likely *their policy* to give notice. So far as I can tell, there are no laws forcing towing companies to give notice of a tow.
If you believe the equipment isn't safe, you can report it to OSHA.
Stressing out your employees isn't illegal, if it was then every business would be closed. Reducing an employee's wage is also not illegal so long as it doesn't fall below minimum wage and that they are informed of the reduction. What they cannot do is reduce pay for hours already worked. I highly doubt you are going to be able to claim the stroke as damages.
You're right, not sure what I was thinking.
Sounds like the power outage has caused the HDD to fail, either that or it's corrupted the partition structure. If you care about the data, you should probably take it to a local data recovery center. You could try Easus, but know that the longer you run the drive, the closer it may be getting to eventual death if the drive actually *is* failing. Just so you know, you can download a trial of the Easus Data Recovery to see if it finds files before buying it.
&gt; Do I have any rights to refuse these frequent “inspections” of my home when I’m not even there?! So long as they give you proper notice, nope. You don't own the property, the landowner or any agent acting on the landowner's behalf is legally allow to enter the premises. Inspections are common, especially in apartments. This is normal behavior, I've had quarterly inspections at my apartment for years.
No. All they have to do is give you notice, either via mail, or more frequently, post it in a conspicuous public area. You certainly can arrange to be there, and they can't ask you to vacate, but you do not have any right to force them to come when you are home.
The summons will have a number to contact the court. Your friend needs to do that and explain that he was just served what appears to be a past due summons.
If the pawn shop has a policy where they won't release guns back to someone that is currently being charged with a felony, that's perfectly reasonable. Understand that *every* felon starts as "innocent until proven guilty". They can claim that they cannot in good conscious release firearms to a suspected felon, as they could be liable for anything he may do with them. Since he pawned them (not you), you have no right to them. If you are claiming that he *stole* the guns and then pawned them, you may have an avenue there (as they were not his property to pawn), but I assume firearm theft isn't another charge you wish to add to his rap sheet. Xanax is a Schedule IV drug. So the felony charge is valid, punishable up to 5 years in prison (per charge). Hopefully your boyfriend doesn't have a long criminal history and can cop a plea. As far as the guns are concerned, all you can do is reason with the pawn shop, and explain what has happened. As far as your lives are concerned, most people wind up in your situation because they don't have a support system. If you have alienated or otherwise separated yourself from your family and friends, I suggest you try and repair those relationships. Otherwise, there are certainly resources out there for people in a similar bind. /r/foodpantry can be a really great community.
Sounds like she was the owner of the account. Just because you give her money towards the account doesn't make you the owner. She can do what she pleases with her accounts. You do not have the right to internet access. You've done what you can, you'll have your own internet soon enough, and no, you don't have to give her access to it.
Here is the FAQ from the Ontario Government site: [https://www.ontario.ca/page/cannabis-legalization#section-6](https://www.ontario.ca/page/cannabis-legalization#section-6)
You aren't going to find a solution that is going to appease you that isn't going to cost you more than the $20 you've already paid.
I'm not saying that they are going to dismiss your unemployment, I'm just saying make sure that if you earn any income, that you report it.
It really wouldn't work like that. The gene can only be manipulated to grow things where other things are normally grown, as you are changing the "blueprint" that the body uses to grow the appendage. In humans, that would be the equivalent of growing a leg where an arm should be, not just growing a leg wherever you please.
My Mitsubishi Outlander takes premium. Of course you can put regular in it, it just doesn't perform as well. I get better MPG out of the premium, so it's six of one half a dozen of the other.
Meh, my Outlander has decent selectable AWD (I can lock the rear diff or even put it in fwd if need be), seats 7, and has like 8.5" of ground clearance. Sure, I'm not offroading in the damned thing, but it's certainly more viable than a sedan when you live in the mountains like I do.
Why not just remove the mech altogether? It should just operate a door that releases the ball, right?
&gt; Are you injured? That's the big question here. If there was bodily harm involved, there would certainly be a civil case, if not a criminal one. The police are simply not going to follow up on "I was loitering and the manager pushed me out the door".
Most (if not all) home inspectors have a limitation of liability clause written in to their pre-inspection contract/agreement. You'd need to consult that agreement to see what the inspector is and is not liable for.
Romeo and Juliet laws exist to protect these relationships, so long as you are within 4 years of each other you should be fine, especially if you don't plan on sexual relations. Just don't attempt to drive him/her across state lines. You don't want to be caught and charged with trafficking a minor.
I can confirm that they absolutely work with smash, why wouldn't they?
Sort of like Verizon. They own a ridiculous amount of the actual lines up on telephone poles. They were forced by the government to lease those lines to other companies for resale.
Taking a cop to the store that sold you the card won't do anything. Suing the local shop also won't do anything. You bought the card from them, they gave you the card. These "promotions" are run by tons of mobile games in conjunction with Google, and are not awarded by Google, rather by the company that maintains the game. If you've not contacted Clash of Clan's support, I suggest you do so. They are likely going to be the only ones that can help here. Taking google to small claims court won't even be possible if you don't live in CA, and taking a real lawsuit against them is going to cost a hell of a lot more than $50.
I feel like there must be something you aren't telling us. Why have your parents intentionally stranded you in Algeria?
They're on par with the TEAC, Pioneer, and AT LP120 "DJ Turntables". All the tables are super-OEM, meaning that the tables are all made in the same factories, and slight modifications are done to make them fit within a companies brand. Notice that they all have the same tonearm, feature set, and platter.
&gt; What’s wide open? At the maximum hz cross over? Yup LFE should be affected by the setting on the receiver as well.
Did your girlfriend open a case with her insurance company? You should always get a tow through your insurance company after an accident rather than calling a tow company directly.
They temporarily debited you $300, it was not your money to keep. You don't get to keep it just because you didn't know where it came from.
&gt; Is it legal in the US to have sex with an ex-student? Yes. In fact, so long as both parties are of age and able to consent, a teacher can have sex with a *current student*. Though, for obvious reasons that would likely get the professor terminated for an ethics violation. The only thing you should be worrying about is the school's policies, legally I don't see any path that the former student could take.
Looks like you are going to have to sue. $10,000 just so happens to be the limit for small claims court in NY, so you can probably avoid a full on lawsuit. My suggestion would be to take the owner to small claims, [this link should be helpful](https://www.nycourts.gov/courthelp/smallclaims/index.shtml). Also, please remove the potentially identifying information before the mods remove your post.
Still though, that's an internal policy issue, not really a legal one. It looks like OP's husband has already cut things off according to her post, so any damage has been done. So long as he doesn't continue to have relations with her, I just don't think there's any recourse.
All you can do is contact your local court or precinct and notify them that those individuals no longer live there, and that you are the owner of the house. They are unlikely to come bust down your door, especially over traffic infractions, but it is possible that you might get a knock on the door from an officer.
I'm not arguing that, I'm just saying that being forced to resign is an internal application of policy, you aren't getting charged with a crime.
Did you at any point utilize their services (i.e. did you submit a claim during this period)?
&gt; will the fact that I was smoking weed while living here before it became legal in October help or hurt me since this is the first time he has ever complained about it and now he's claiming to be allergic to it? If he has evidence you were committing crimes on the property, that could possibly hurt you.
&gt; My issue is getting my music to my receiver in a higher quality than 3.5mm headphone jack out. You'd be surprised how high quality a 3.5mm headphone jack is compared to most other technologies. The DAC's in MacBook's are actually pretty good. Your only other option would be to get a USB-&gt;Optical dongle and connect to the receiver via TOSLINK.
If the issue is resolved by playing with the volume pot, you should absolutely start by cleaning that pot. I've never used Facom, my go to is DeOxit.
What monitors are you using, and what are you connecting with two sets of RCA cables?
&gt; “dramatically improve clarity, openness, and detail.” You know what else is "dramatic"? Paradigm's marketing team. Bi-amping does have some uses, but it's not going to change much of anything in your scenario.
Okay, so that I understand, you use your turntable and computer as inputs, and use the Rokit's as your output. Something as simple as the Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 should work. The only thing you'll need to do is grab a couple RCA/TS adapters for your turntable.
You could get someone to make you one. Most larger cities have a potters guild or some sort of arts center where local artisans sell their pieces. I've got a whole cabinet of great ceramic mugs of all shapes and sizes.
Not quite. You would connect your rockit's to the back, either via RCA or TRS. You would connect your computer via USB. You would connect your turntable to the front combo ports, which are XLR/TS ports. Buy a [pair of RCA/TS adapters](https://www.amazon.com/Tisino-Adapter-Copper-Quarter-Connector/dp/B0782LPDZG/ref=sr_1_10) and connect your turntable to the front.
Somebody should probably tell him...
&gt; Presumably an employer can’t change your job entirely - as an extreme, if some’s hired to be an accountant, the boss can’t change them to be a secretary Barring an employee contract, they sure can. If you don't like it or don't want to do it, you've got the right to quit. Now, your boss can't make you perform a task that requires training/licensing. As an example, as a waitress your boss can't arbitrarily decide that you are now a heart surgeon.
&gt; What should I expect? Until you get served, nobody knows. If your friend still had tenancy at the house, she would have a right to enter. If they've separated and she's moved halfway across the country, she very well may not be allowed in the house, especially after the divorce was finalized three months ago.
I'm assuming your line of thinking is that demographic information is being used by the government to disparage you. &amp;#x200B; Your demographic information is not criminal activity, and being of a demographic is not a crime. Therefore, it does not qualify as "incriminating" and does not (by my understanding) fall under the purview of the 5th amendment. &amp;#x200B; You would certainly still face any fines or penalties associated with not following the survey (though a recent article has mentioned that these penalties have not been assessed since the 1970's).
There really isn't a legal question here. &amp;#x200B; Her parents have the right to control who she communicates with and how. So long as they aren't actively abusing her (and no, excluding her from friend groups is not abuse), there's really little that can be done. &amp;#x200B; If you believe that there is a domestic violence issue, you can report that to the authorities.
You'd have to actually consult with a copyright/trademark lawyer on that one.
It won't hurt you to contact the department.
Generally, yes. &amp;#x200B; Promise rings are highly individual, it's not uncommon for them to even be exchanged between friends. &amp;#x200B; An engagement precedes an engagement, a promise ring precedes a promise. If no wedding planning or intent to be engaged to wed was established, it may be difficult for the court to differentiate a promise ring from any other ring.
It is an interesting question. &amp;#x200B; I believe you could milk it, but the owner of the cow may have a claim of ownership to that milk and could potentially sue you for the monetary value of the milk. &amp;#x200B; It's certainly a civil issue rather than a criminal one.
Huh, my Note 8 handled it fine with the normal YouTube android app.
Unfortunately "should not generally be operated" does not mean "can not be operated". &amp;#x200B; If the time it takes to fight it is worth the cost that you may avoid, then go for it.
Have you talked to them about being able to stay at home during the inspection? Explain that it's not feasible for you to leave your house for three days at a time; and that you don't have transportation available to you. &amp;#x200B; If they really want you out perhaps you can agree to leave once they arrive for the inspection and return when they are done. &amp;#x200B; You can't prevent them from doing an inspection with proper notice; but I don't see what legal right they have to force you to evacuate your apartment.
Call the court and explain the situation. They may need to have you appear in person at the court house and pay your fine.
Your lease likely states that you have a certain term before your lease ends that you need to notify them of your intent to renew. Sometimes that's 30 days, sometimes it's 60, but it should be spelled out in your lease. &amp;#x200B; Now, this doesn't mean that you are homeless when your lease expires. Once your lease ends you become a month to month tenant under the conditions of your previous lease. They would still need to give you notice if they desire to terminate your agreement. &amp;#x200B; If you want to renew for another lease term, I suggest you call your landlord and renew your lease.
Whatever precinct that you got the ticket in, unfortunately. &amp;#x200B; Call them first, obviously.
Not that I can tell. &amp;#x200B; The land is the land. Hell, she didn't even know it wasn't build-able, she was just told that by the neighbor. Perhaps she knew they were wrong but decided that she didn't feel like having neighbors that clearly didn't want her there. &amp;#x200B; If you had asked and she intentionally misled you, there may be something there, but at the end of the day you've no monetary losses to speak of.
Yeah, that was my first reaction. &amp;#x200B; You can leave snapchat messages unread, you can remove snapchat friends, and you can block users. &amp;#x200B; If she really didn't want these pictures, there's multiple ways of dealing with that. I'm not excusing what he's doing, but at least offer a little resistance and see if he stops.
While true, I find that the time to get litigious is after you've made an appeal to their sensibilities. &amp;#x200B; If OP has not come to them with the issue, she has not given them the opportunity to rectify the problem. &amp;#x200B; Jumping straight in to hostility may not be as effective in the short term.
You would need to know the WAN IP of your second router (the WR840). The subnet is of little use to us. &amp;#x200B; Either way, the forwarding should go as follows. &amp;#x200B; In the modem: &amp;#x200B; Port forward port 14492 to \[WAN IP of 2nd router\] &amp;#x200B; In the router: &amp;#x200B; Port forward port 14492 to \[IP address of your computer\]
Have you tried updating the firmware? That's certainly not normal behavior.
Forward port 14492 to the ip address [10.13.63.18](https://10.13.63.18) in the modem. &amp;#x200B; Then forward port 14492 in the router to your computer's IP address.
The issue is that the paint and finish on new guitars is so damn good that no amount of wear will ever match the fading and pitting that occurred on old 60's and 70's guitars. &amp;#x200B; I don't fault someone for liking the look of an old guitar, if anything I think Fender and Gibson should add nitro finish as an option so that these guys don't have to mangle their guitars to get that look.
I can say for certain I'm not taking 20+ strokes in mulligans. My only real vice has been moving my ball out of shitty fairway conditions as my local course is being mismanaged in to the ground and refuses to put out divot mix. &amp;#x200B; I recently started actually keeping track of my handicap through GHIN and have done away with my mulligan per nine approach.
Wait, are Australian handicaps calculated differently than USGA Handicaps?
I'll admit that when I pop out on a Friday afternoon and there's a ton of new players hacking it up I get frustrated; then I think to myself "would I rather them slow me down today, or at my 9:30 tee time on Saturday?". &amp;#x200B; New players have to play sometime, and twilight golf during the week is the perfect time for them to do it. We were all new once.
Apparently he shot 75-72-57 (204) &amp;#x200B; A player perhaps playing more conservatively and shooting four or five under par each day would still have beat him.
I really only come to this sub for shitposts, the regular OC of WITB and HIO is kind of stale. &amp;#x200B; I do like course reviews and PGA chatter though.
My Big Bertha Alpha hosel broke, and then I broke the shaft attempting to put a new one on. &amp;#x200B; Saw a good deal on an XR 16 and bought it. The thing is an absolute canon and feels so much lighter than my BB felt.
Depends on what you mean by colored. &amp;#x200B; Grey and Black look fine to me.
Artificial sweeteners are my last remaining vice; I've eliminated nearly everything else indulgent from my diet. &amp;#x200B; There's no way that aspartame can be worse for me than being like 100 pounds overweight. So far as I'm concerned it's harm reduction.
Aren't the last two panels basically the same joke as the poker one?
Playing in a scramble to win is like playing chess with a pigeon.
It's the Spider-Man 3 of Zelda games.
Being offensive isn't illegal. &amp;#x200B; Harassing someone can certainly be, and explicit or inappropriate behavior is certainly enough reason for termination, but simply making offensive jokes isn't illegal, at least, not in this country.
An airport is a public place and there is no expectation of privacy. &amp;#x200B; Additionally, unless someone can be specifically identified (as in, you recorded and entire conversation between two people), it's doubtful that you'd run in to any issues. If you happen to record any specific conversations, you should probably edit them out.
There are some questions that I have. &amp;#x200B; 1. Do Female Cashiers and Male Cashiers have different uniforms? 2. Are Female Cashiers permitted to wear Male Cashiers Uniforms? &amp;#x200B; It is not an issue that different positions have separate uniforms. It is also not an issue that uniforms be different depending on size or fit, as that may be up to the clothing manufacturer and not the company ordering the clothing.
Contact him and ask for an itemized list, then look at the list to see if it is reasonable. $4600 in repairs is pretty hefty, outside of replacing all the carpets and all the appliances I don't know how they would arrive at that number, which is why you need the list.
Yup, my 5XL shirt from India fits great. Good thing I don't have a complex about it.
I think he's talking about rain hoods on bags.
If you only consider the wealthy, then sure. &amp;#x200B; There's nobody talking about the middle-class folk that fall in to poverty, or about the super-wealthy that fall to the upper-middle class. If you are speaking only directly about people that end up in the super-wealthy class, then yeah, being born in it is the way to go.
I think that's basically the reasoning behind universal income, wherein there just won't be jobs in the future for everyone, if you want more you'll need to have useful skills beyond what automation can accomplish. &amp;#x200B; The worry I have is that you are going to have issues making working lucrative enough to have people elect to work, yet not compensating them to a point where they now are in control of a majority of the wealth. &amp;#x200B; Simply put, relying purely upon desire for excess for employment under UBI is just as likely to create income disparity as capitalism.
As the debts were accrued while married, generally speaking he would inherit the debt. The debtors could likely place a lien against any assets he has, it would depend on how his business is organized. You and your wife do not inherit the medical debts of her parents. In the event of their passing, any remaining debt would be settled against the estate, likely considerably affecting inheritance. Your wife being a medical proxy does not make her responsible for the debt. More concerning is how that much medical debt was accrued. Does she not have insurance?
It's a common tactic to fire long term employees and replace them with new hires. Many corporations have pay increases for seniority, so in a relatively unskilled position (like a warehouse) it's an easy way for management to cut overhead.
Damn dude, accepted drinking habits vary so widely it's ridiculous. If someone had a single beer (say, with dinner) every night, I'd call them a light drinker. I rarely drink during the week, but I'll take down a 16 pack over the weekend without blinking. Honestly, unless I'm waking up with a hangover, I don't think about how much I drink.
&gt;I think context it important too. If I drink 10 beers on a Saturday with my friends and don’t drink all week, I don’t see that as an issue. If I drink 10 beers by myself watching tv on a Saturday, that may be an underlying issue. I understand what you are saying, but the concept of "social drinking" is getting outdated. Our social lives are ever encroaching on our private lives in the age of social media. Is there a social difference between getting drunk with your friends in the same room and getting drunk in a video game voice lobby with your friends? I'm not really sure.
I understand what you are saying. The problem with taking a 1 year lease and altering it to 10 years is that all you need to do is add a trailing 0 to everything and it looks fine; especially if the original writer didn't use commas in the thousands place. The second time the 49,500 number shows up looks odd. The 500 is much lighter than the 49 or the trailing zeros for cents. This also occurs in several other places in the document, as if it could be a combination of simple alterations combined with white out or some other method. At this point I think OP, the tenants, and the previous owner need to appear before a judge and have this all sorted out. If this is altered in some way, the previous owner should have retained the original. If the previous owner does not have an original they may be liable for misrepresenting the property.
A notice to vacate is NOT an eviction; though it is usually the precursor to one. They will not be able to physically remove you and your belongings at the end of the 30 days, rather, they would need to start the eviction process, which can take anywhere from 10-30 days (varies by locality and court availability). You would likely not really want an eviction on your record, as it could affect your ability to find rent elsewhere. Best thing to do would be to contact the city to find out what the status is.
Most guilds are funding repair bots, as well as saving in the case of thunderfury/hand of rag. Besides that, when BWL comes out, everyone in raid is going to need the onyxia cloak, guilds looking to push that content should be funding those cloaks out of the guild bank.
Welcome to playing a hybrid class. The Paladin Teir 1 is garbage for Holy Paladins, just like the Shaman Teir 1 is garbage for Elemental Shamans. You will likely not be looking at any gear with the "shaman" class tag save for the T2 pants from Rag and T2 helm from Ony. Everything else will be non class-specific gear, which you'll need to roll against other dps classes for.
Yeah, for DPS groups are super easy. Healing is a little more difficult. Sure, I can find a job healing in any dungeon that doesn't have notable drops for healers (Strat Live, for example); but it seems every group for a dungeon with BiS healing gear is started by a healer. I suppose the issue is more that tank BiS and healing BiS are all in different dungeons, and it's hard to find members to run dungeons for no reward.
There is no "should" date. The date the lease specifies is the date. Sure, we think of lease terms in months, but there's no law that states a lease needs to be a round number. You could sign a lease for 200 days and while abnormal, it's perfectly legal. The date written on the lease is the date. If all else is normal, it's just a preference, likely because they prefer for tenants to be out on a Monday, giving them ample time to prep the apartment during the week to minimize vacancy.
Looks like nice leather, at least 14oz by the looks of it. Unfortunately, Aquascutum no longer appears to sell belts. Pretty much any full grain 10-14oz leather belt is going to be skookum though.
PRS makes a Semi-Hollow SE Custom 22 that has a through body trem in it.
The best for me is just to find a song with the chord change I want to practice and use that. Anything else I find too boring to really want to play.
It's usually a combination of things, but primarily the 1/4" connectors are absolutely garbage on those cheap cables. They are usually barely soldered, I've even seen friction fit cables relying solely on the plastic molding for connectivity. A decent set of connectors is probably going to cost about the same as a new cable; so unless you are buying connectors in industrial quantity or are super picky about your cables, just buy a new one on Amazon for a tenner. EDIT: I'll add that connectors are the majority cost in almost any cable. You can buy 1000ft of cable for a couple hundred bucks; 1/4" connectors are usually $5-$6 a piece.
I had a copy of Maggot Brain from them before I located an original. I wouldn't purchase from them again. My copy was generally pressed okay, just a little surface noise; but the mastering was substandard to say the least. My interactions with other collectors have verified that my experience is hardly unique.
I'm here for the music. If the pressing is good and the cover is relatively in tact, then I'm not worried about it.
\+1 for Hanks. I've got two that I've had for 5-6 years, bulletproof these things are.
skookum as frig
I've honestly started making my own. 10oz vegetable tanned leather for softer belts, 14oz (or higher) full grain for something sturdier. Brass buckles and chicago screws that won't tarnish or wear like zinc or nickel will. Just make yourself a good template and you are good to go. I'm still working on burnishing and perhaps dying them. [https://i.imgur.com/VOds6ev.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/VOds6ev.jpg)
Acoustic or Electric? I'd be far more weary of an Acoustic.
They're all the same size, but they've got different tapers. Generally speaking, most guitars will have either a 3 degree taper bridge, a 5 degree taper bridge, or a straight hole bridge. Most martins will have a 5 degree taper, but I'm not sure if the backpacker is an outlier. Most any pin will work in a straight hole bridge.
Nevada is an at-will employment state. You can be let go for no reason at all.
Sounds like your husband was/is part of an ongoing federal investigation, then left the country. They are likely using their authority at customs to seize the items that he previously denied them access to. Is it a loophole? Sure; but I do not believe it to be illegal. They have legal precedent to search and seizure at customs. Leaving the country during an ongoing federal investigation is going to raise flags, and is likely enough to qualify for reasonable suspicion. I understand they told your husband that he's not a suspect; that's what they tell everyone. In reality it seems he's very much a suspect, and there must be some merit to their case on the business if the investigation is lasting this long.
&gt; There *might* be an argument that denying you employment for using medical marijuana for a bona fide medical condition would be some form of illegal discrimination, but that would likely, as of today, be an uphill battle that would require you to retain lawyers and enter into litigation and do a whole bunch of stuff like that. So long as it's a Federal Crime to possess, I doubt it.
In Maryland there's a toll road (ICC/ MD 200) that literally doesn't have anything but the digital payment option (EZPASS). There aren't even booths or lanes, just overhead sensors that grab your info at highway speeds. If you weren't from the area you would have no idea what an EZPASS was, and that the road doesn't offer normal payment. Once you take the on ramp, you're toast if you don't have their digital payment device, you may not even realize that it's a toll road, and there isn't an opportunity to turn around either. Also there's the express lanes on 695, they also only offer digital payment. It's not a toll road, but there are "fast" lanes that are tolled.
I've honestly not had a ton of experience with Gibson acoustics. The G45 has generally very positive reviews, the only negative (which really isn't a negative) is that the G45 has a reduced depth, meaning that it may not have the projection or volume of a full sized dreadnought, but will likely be more comfortable to play (especially for a beginner).
I think the Ortofon OM5E is certainly competitive at its price point of \~$70; but yeah at $120 on Amazon, the Nagaoka is a great cart. I certainly wouldn't buy a 2M Red (which is a commonly suggested cart) over the Nagaoka.
It's tough that you can't demo it, but that's a pretty good deal on the D-15 Special.
Just a standard Debut III or the USB version?
A Police Officer's job is to enforce the law, not interpret it.
&gt; So in theory I could sell a patch/bugfix for a game as long as I can find a way to inject the code (instead of distributing their code with a few changes). Absolutely. &amp;#x200B; &gt; It's hard to make sense of especially when you look at the release license where they try to make some blanket claims stopping you from selling even code made for or with a supplied software-development-kit. If the EULA that you agree to when using their supplied software-development kit states that you cannot sell content created with the kit, then you are legally bound to that agreement. The software development kits embed their copyrighted code in to the content, ensuring that they can identify it's origin in the event of a legal issue. &amp;#x200B; &gt; At what point does the publishers license claims become moot? When they stop supporting it or stop selling it? Neither. The publishers license claims will become moot when the copyright expires and the product becomes public domain.
We aren't the judge, we have no idea how the judge may interpret the issue. I highly doubt you will get ticket removed, for the following reasons: 1. You admit fully that the reason you made the turn was because you were "half asleep". Admitting to the judge that you were driving impaired is not a great start to a defense. 2. You also state "historically the turn is prohibited to reduce traffic into the community area as many prohibited turn signs are". This is an assumption. As far as you have described, you are not a traffic engineer; and likely neither is the judge. Your opinions of why the sign is there are likely to be disregarded. 3. As for your secondary argument, Police Cruisers often have cameras. It's very possible your turn was caught on camera, which is also likely to cause the judge to immediately dismiss your plea.
&gt;Now I'm wondering if you know of anyway I can look up some real world cases where a publisher shut down a project along these lines. Probably isn't one, as none of them likely even reach court. Most of these small projects are independent ventures with no real company backing them. A simple cease and desist letter is enough to shut them down, lawyers hardly ever even get involved. As far as I know none have even made it to court, leaving us with no cases to establish any sort of precedent.
If you are subpoenaed you have to show up. Obviously you matter enough to the case that someone has your name; so you are somehow involved. They prosecution doesn't just pull names out of a hat for these types of things.
Is this a cell phone or a landline? If it's a cell phone you can just block the number; if it's a landline you can call the phone company and have them block the number.
Are you under 21? There are different vehicle codes that apply to minors possessing alcohol in a vehicle.
You may want to get clarification as to whether it's a class action suit against the manufacturer, or simply a firm that regularly handles these types of cases (similar to asbestos/mesothelioma firms). If it's a class action suit, your options are to refuse inclusion in the suit and pursue your own personal legal council (at your expense, of course); or to enroll in the class action lawsuit and reap the rewards of any judgement or settlement that may follow. If it is simply a firm that specializes in occupational hazards, then feel free to shop around for the best rate, or the company with the best track record with this specific product.
I have to politely disagree with both of these. Hurt - Yes, I like Johnny's version, in fact, all of the American recordings of him by Rubin are fantastically somber, gritty, and strikingly real. However, I think his sonically stripped down version lacks some of the minutia and beauty of the original, particularly in the bridge. Mad World - Similar to the above; while I agree that Gary's version is far more classically haunting, it lacks the chaotic nature of the original. Anyone can take a song with sad lyrics and perform it in a minor key, the original is a manic combination of depressing lyrics and upbeat tempo, constantly dipping in to a minor then resolving it to major. It beautifully conveys it's meaning through both melody and lyricism, with not a single note going to waste. Really for me it's a prime example of how music can capture a complex mental state, rather than just a single emotion.
Isn't Flamelash gone now? I'm pretty sure they merged it with another server.
Does your lease guarantee you a living space free from the smell of cigarette smoke? If not, the landlord is not in non-compliance and the law you mentioned is not applicable. If another tenant is breaking the terms of their lease, that is between them and the landlord, and does not affect your lease or tenancy.
This entire post is a bit of a mess, so I'm understanding you correctly: You are being charged for changing the state of a utility pump, something which you are not to authorized to do, which was behind lock and key? What is this pump for, why did you turn it off? Also, about the camera. You are stating that you personally set up a trail cam, then the police found it, took it, and are using the video contents to prosecute you?
Sounds like they caught you on video turning a public utility on and off. This likely caused disruption for anyone relying on that utility; you are being prosecuted for that. The graffiti has nothing to do with this. Other than that being why you were there. If they also caught you picking a lock, they are likely extrapolating that information to explain how you bypassed the lock on the device. The best thing you could do is argue that the lock picking was separate event, unrelated to the breaker; and that you simply switched it off when cleaning graffiti; then immediately turned it back on. This may get you a reduced sentence/judgement, but ultimately you did commit the crime that could have caused real damage to people.
Hell yeah brother!
&gt;certified pre owned cost half and still feel new. And have a manufacturers warranty.
Unless you are signing something explicitly stating that you are not in the process of a traffic related conviction, I don't see why not.
Only 22 WPC too, curiouser and curiouser. Adjustable input voltage and separate channel attenuation, definitely a cool piece, understandably rare as I can't imagine them selling too many of these.
Sounds like they were pulling you over in hopes of finding other violations (drink driving, possession, etc). Generally speaking, if you've not received a citation at the time of the violation, the officer has chosen not to issue a citation.
Unfortunately, legalities aside, an all black car with tinted windows is bound to garner attention from the authorities late at night.
Stop all contact, don't send him money. Ignore his future attempts to solicit money from you, and stop attempting to buy illegal drugs on the internet from strangers.
As far as I know, Kijiji states that you should receive payment in full before shipping an item. They have no power over the users, and can only ban their accounts.
Finally got my Harmonious this weekend; now I just need those damn boots from Stonespine... RNG is crazy. Our Raid has had Salamander's drop three weeks in a row, I've never seen anything like it.
At this point I don't even want it. Just carry my built up luck to BWL and hope to get an actual upgrade.
If he's US based, it's very unlikely he will ever be in contact with German police, it's even less likely that they will start an investigation based upon his information. You simply cannot contact a police force halfway around the world with a screenshot of paypal payment for $90 and get someone arrested. Block him, ignore him. Anything he tries to threaten you with is simply to extort more money from you.
Ignorance is not innocence. If you are knowingly using a bus pass which is fake, you are still committing fraud. Even if you are unknowingly using a fake bus pass, you've got no evidence to prove that you didn't know it was fake. Generally speaking, the pass will just be revoked, but you could certainly be held liable.
&gt;No I was speeding but I believe it was from being an inexperienced driver. Not only is that not grounds for dismissal, in fact, it is further evidence that your license should be revoked.
If you want to report their relationship to the police, do so. Do not communicate with him at any point. Vigilante justice seems like a great idea until you wind up in the line of fire. "Supposedly got her pregnant" isn't really a solid foundation for accusing someone of statutory rape. Appeal to the authorities or to her parents, otherwise you should stay away for your own safety.
If OP was the one that used the credit cards, even if under the influence of drugs/alcohol, they are unfortunately responsible for the transactions. It would have been helpful to see if the signatures for the transactions were OP's. The CC company should at minimum have these on record.
Do what you would do any other time someone is physically threatening you. Contact the authorities.
&gt; Say you want to get ten people together to coborrow on a loan. Is there any legal protection for the individual coborrowers in case one of them backs out. No, co-borrowers are responsible for the entirety of the loan. That is the point of co-borrowers, to allow for greater funds or decreased rates by spreading risk over multiple borrowers. You would have the ability to sue for damages if and when someone backs out.
Interesting, did the issuing officer have the driver sign the citation?
I don't understand. It is not illegal to overpay a loan, even intentionally. If you are doing this to launder money, or to otherwise avoid taxes (say, by overpaying from a pre-tax account in order to receive those funds as post-tax income in a standard account); then this is fraud. Basically, I can't see a reasonable situation where this would be beneficial but not illegal, aside from perhaps performing multiple transactions from an account with a transaction limit.
You need to start by contacting your debt counseling service to bring this to their attention. It's possible that they have made a mistake in payment details, or that a previously agreed upon payment arrangement had been overlooked or dissolved.
Assuming your father will be under medical care (hospice or similar) when he passes, you will need to contact a mortuary or funeral home. The hospital or care facility will assist you with this, as they will be organizing the details of pickup/delivery. If your father is not under medical supervision at the time of his passing, you will likely need to contact emergency services to transport him to the hospital. From there you will need to plan a funeral with the funeral home or mortuary. For handling the estate, it's generally recommended to hire a probate or estate planning attorney, who will handle the will and estate; this will make the process of opening the estate to debtors as well as handling inheritance much more straightforward.
If the ToS states that the promotion is restricted to one use per person, you could be found to be in violation of those terms. I doubt they could pursue criminal charges, but you could be barred from using their services if they feel the damages caused were sufficient. In all likelihood nothing would come of it, if anything the loophole will just be closed.
&gt;what happens when my kids become that "frisky" age? Are you expecting your children to change their sexual behavior in the next 6 months? Or is this simply a hypothetical? If you are only monitoring public areas, I doubt that you could be held responsible for the footage. However, if you have cameras in bathrooms or bedrooms where there is a reasonable expectation of privacy, as well as a reasonable expectation of nudity, a case could be made that the cameras were knowingly recording sexually explicit images of a minor. My suggestion would be to monitor only public areas of the house, or at minimum avoid placing cameras in the bedrooms of sexually active minors. EDIT: I will add that if you were to inadvertently capture any offending images, you would be best served to delete them upon discovery. Knowingly retaining or distributing those images supersedes the method of capture.
I'm a sysadmin that deals with a number of hosted platforms. Given the malleable and fast moving business of virtualization, it's understandable that hardware will be changed over the lifetime of a subscription. You are not obligated to notify users of a change in hardware that does not negatively impact their services. However, in the future, I would recommend that you phrase your specs in more vague terms. "At least X amount of RAM", "At least X amount of processing cores", etc. At minimum you could at an asterisk near each figure with fine print stating that while hardware is subject to change, performance will meet or exceed the quoted values. This will allow you to change hardware at a whim without having to notify users of every minor change.
All rogues think rogues should get it, all hunters think hunters should get it. Honestly, it's a reasonable BiS for both classes. End of conversation. Honestly, you're lucky they aren't opening it up for warriors too.
At such a low level? Not really. You'll be replacing gear constantly, so unless you have a huge gap in your gear (say, a level 5 wand), you really don't need to worry about gear. You can look up the loot tables for dungeons (Deadmines, for example) to see if there are any helpful items in there that you need.
I'm not sure what you are saying here. Classic is a retail branch, sure, I'm sure they share some of the same engineers in management positions and exist in the same infrastructure as retail. "Changed the old database to work with the classic branch". I do not know that this sentence means. Basically, the game in its entirety was pulled from the archives; then tuned to operate within their existing infrastructure. This meant integrating it with the newest version of [battle.net](https://battle.net) (for login, chat, and friends services), modernizing the graphics engine (though the same textures are still used), and likely optimizing/translating the code to work with their new backend. Very specifically, classic is NOT a recreation of vanilla WoW using retail code. The "database", meaning where character data, such as quests, items, talents, etc, is entirely different from the retail database; not only in content, but in structure. They've overhauled their entire system more than once over the past 15 years. This means that utilizing the same code from current retail transfers literally would not work on classic; and would require a complete revamp. This is not difficult (per se), but it does take actual man hours; and blizzard has shown that outside of the initial effort to get classic off the ground, they are uninterested in investing engineer resources on new features. Hell, they don't even want to staff GM's for the game.
Historically, yes. At one point Blizzard stopped requiring that new players purchase every single expansion, and simply allowed users to play up through the previous expansion with only a subscription.
I recently switched from Healbot to Grid2 + Clique and I have to say I'm much happier on this side. Way more customization options.
&gt; I don't see how Clique would be "much faster" "Much faster" is subjective. Basically he's saying that you can avoid targeting issues as well as reduce heal times. You literally cannot get a faster cast time than instantly with a mouse click. No matter how fast you are, you aren't going to be able to click+press faster than a single click.
Frostsaber is technically free.
&gt; When I met him, he told me that the court took his license away. Without a license he's not permitted to operate any motor vehicle, no matter who the owner is.
Firstly, you should absolutely share this with your wife. If anything, she needs to be made aware that there is possibly someone out there that could mean harm to her. Secondly, it is never advisable to pay ransom, especially with digital pictures. There is nothing keeping them from demanding more money any time they feel like and threatening to release the pictures. If the pictures were taken at a public (I assume nude) beach, I'm not sure they are illegal; as there is not an expectation of privacy on a public beach. If the photographer is based in Mykonos, you will likely have issues dealing with authorities on the matter in Belgium, as they have no authority in Greece.
Ah, I was mistaken. Then the only free mounts are Paladin/Warlock 60% I suppose.
You should go through probate to handle any creditors he may have. Most people don't go through life without some sort of debt (car loan, credit card, mortgage, etc). You legally have to open the estate to claims, a probate lawyer will help you do this.
&gt; Who do I even call? Call your landlord and explain the issue. This should not be your fight.
That's more /r/livesound territory.
Or find a crafter who is selling that item and trade the mats+gold for the already made item. If you can't find someone selling the item, you can just look in the AH and contact the user with the listing.
I'd add that tanks are way harder to come by in Vanilla, simply because warriors are the only viable end-game MT. This means that you won't see many Bear Tanks, and won't see Prot Paladins pretty much at all. When you restrict end game content to a single class/spec combo, you reduce the amount of people willing to level unviable characters. TBC fixes these issues.
&gt;I was just wondering if their was any kind of thing preventing against this There is no law stating that you have to be provided a table to eat lunch.
1. If you do not want to have the accident reported to insurance, you would have to ensure that neither you nor the other party reports the accident to insurance. 2. If you decide to settle on the accident privately, you need to have her sign a document detailing explicitly that she was at fault, including the payment amount. 3. Body shops are not required to report repairs to insurance, dealerships are not required to either, but the repair may affect manufacturers warranty. 4. If I was in the situation, I would have called the police and had a report filed so that I can call my insurance company and report the accident.
Okay, do you have any paper or digital statements that show that? I can understand how someone may forget about a store card with $20-$30 on it, but most people remember a $1000 jewelry purchase. I know that when I had a Kay card that there was an online portal to log in and pay, in addition to paper statements. If you could find a statement or log in to that portal to see what you paid off that would be helpful. As far as to why you haven't received mail from them, it's your responsibility to update the contact information on your credit accounts. If you fail to do that they will continue sending notifications to your registered address.
IMO if the entirety of the ball is below to the lip of the cup, the ball should be considered "holed". If you can power lip a ball all the way below the surface, hell, you deserve it.
Don't connect them in series, connect them independently to the R and L channels on the A output. Each channel is a separate load.
You have to understand that nearly all subs are powered, only in a minority of scenarios are subs not paired with their own amplifiers (car audio for example). There are powered subs that are meant for integration with passive speakers, like the one you have there, and ones meant for being paired with studio monitors. An appropriate sub to pair with your monitors is something along the lines of the JBL LSR310S, which has balanced inputs and outputs for connecting to studio monitors, rather than having line level inputs and speaker level outputs like the Polk that you have.
The M73 and M74 so far as I can tell are older models than the M34i, I don't have much experience listening to all those older Missions because they are mainly a UK brand.
Once you start talking about truly flagship hi-fi, most of the objectivity goes away. There's so many manufacturers making no-compromise solutions it's almost impossible to tell someone what to buy. My suggestion would be to find a reputable hi-fi dealer in your area and demo some stuff. Since you seem to like McIntosh stuff, you may want to start with their MT series; otherwise starting with a highly renowned company with a great pedigree like VPI would be recommended.
All things being equal? I would probably go with the gold if given the chance completely blind; the c-cam dome tweeters used in that era of gold speakers is very similar to the one used in the silvers today, but the tweeter in the gold is reported to go to 45khz, which is a pretty large jump from the 35khz reported in the silvers. Perhaps Monitor Audio has just gotten more reasonable or more honest in their reported specs, but still, a difference nonetheless. The real difference is whether the 4-driver system has a sonic advantage over the newer 3 driver system. The reported frequency response on the gold is far superior, going down to 28Hz, far lower than the 38Hz reported by the silvers. Even though the tech has changed, on paper the GS60 is still very competitive, but it's so hard to compare speakers without listening to them. I'd say if anything, the GS60 is more comparable to the Silver 500 than the Silver 200.
McIntosh is pretty new to the turntable game, with the MT10 being introduced in 2008 and the MT5 in 2017. McIntosh is an extremely important and storied brand, but not for their turntables. I've seen reports that their tables are actually designed and manufactured by Clearaudio, who've been making tables since the late 70's. Pro-Ject is a bit older, having started around 1991, but has become more known for their entry level and budget turntables than any of their high end stuff. Now, I've heard good things about their signature series, but their pedigree is still suspect in the audiophile community as far as resale is considered. For my money, I think VPI is the best bang for buck turntable manufacturer (in the high end at least). They've been in business sine 1978, manufacture their tables in the USA, and have only ever made turntables and turntable accessories. That's the definition of pedigree. Their Prime series of tables hold immense value, and their ultra-high end tables are known as some of the best in the world. The Linn Sondek is probably another high pedigree option that's honestly a bit of a sleeper. It's been in production in some fashion or another for the better part of 50 years. They consistently provide upgrade options, nearly every part of that table can be upgraded to world-class components. Music Hall is certainly another option, but they too have fallen in to the trap of making cheap outsourced tables to compete in the budget turntable market that emerged in the past ten years. Those are really all of the high end turntable options I would personally consider. There are some other companies with storied histories like Rega and of course the recently revitalized Technics; but for tables with real lasting value, while still having reasonably recognizable second hand marketability; that's about it.
In a brief lookup of the term "PORO" on both trademark and copyright, the term "PORO" is not in and of itself trademarked. In fact, the only thing trademarked by Riot with "Poro" in it is: [**BLITZCRANK'S** **PORO** **ROUNDUP**](http://tmsearch.uspto.gov/bin/showfield?f=doc&amp;state=4810:51hp1v.3.3) Riot does appear to have a copyright on the image of a Poro: [https://cocatalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?v1=5&amp;ti=1,5&amp;Search\_Arg=poro&amp;Search\_Code=TALL&amp;CNT=25&amp;PID=7Vn0L7XmujciHMTiLsxmth3UbX7r&amp;SEQ=20200128142211&amp;SID=1](https://cocatalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?v1=5&amp;ti=1,5&amp;Search_Arg=poro&amp;Search_Code=TALL&amp;CNT=25&amp;PID=7Vn0L7XmujciHMTiLsxmth3UbX7r&amp;SEQ=20200128142211&amp;SID=1) So I'd say absolutely not on the image of a poro, but at first glance the name poro doesn't appear as though it would be a trademark violation.
If you are using it in relation to internet media, especially since you are quite literally making media surrounding their content; yeah I would avoid anything too obviously based on a Poro. Someone more versed in copyright law may be able to better satisfy your question; I'm not sure if a slightly modified homage, or perhaps a silhouette, may suffice.
Got me in the first half, not gonna lie.
That's a good price on the Bronze 6's. The Kenwood is a fairly budget A/V receiver from the 90's, and may not be the best choice for powering your new speakers; but sometimes the best equipment is the equipment you already own. Hook them up, listen to them. When you get the urge to upgrade, or if the sound doesn't quite impress you like it did in the store, then you can get a new amplifier.
Probably, though some would state that the Marantz may sound better. I'd probably just use the Denon for simplicity.
Exactly, subs are a completely different piece of equipment, and do not need to match the brand or model of the speaker. Sure, many high end manufacturers make subwoofers, and suggest their own when purchasing speakers; many people will buy both, but by and large most people with a subwoofer are looking for something that fits their physical space, budget, and needs rather than something from the same manufacturer as their speakers.
If you want something that can soak up watts, look no further than Magnepans. Looks like the Bryston is about 400 wpc in to 4 ohms, if you can find a local pair of 3.6/3.7 or even 20.1/20.7 if you've got the coin (and space); you'll be blown away by what they can do.
Yes, you will either need a valid CA driver's license OR verification that you have completed a driver's education course (yes, the same courses all the teenagers are taking). Then you will be able to apply for your Motorcycle Learner's Permit. You must obtain a learner's permit before obtaining an unrestricted motorcycle license.
&gt; Is this common practice, i'm fine with the fee but I'm very concerned with being held 100% responsible for finding another tenant. This is common practice. Does your lease include any statements about breaking the lease? If it doesn't it's pretty much up to the management company to decide how they want to handle it. Some won't let you break a lease at all without paying it off.
Just because your work contains their copyrighted content does not mean that it now belongs to them. So long as you can reasonably prove that you are the creator of the content, it belongs to you.
Why Georgia and Neon are incredible, it's hard to suggest learning them though because they are extremely difficult.
Most divorces are logged in case searches, location is not optional. In which state would the divorce have been filed?
There are lots of fights in BWL where you really need dedicated tank healers and raid healers. The drakes specifically, as heals pretty much need to be pre-casted on shadowflames and healers need to be watching the boss's target for tank swaps. Raid healing is pretty much FFA, just make sure everyone has healcomms and people aren't sniping.
Absolutely not. Best levelers in the world are doing it in 21 hours with boosts, so you wouldn't even have 40 members to 60 until day two or three. At best you'll have people in pre-bis. The BoE epics will take time to drop, so you can basically rule those out in the first week. Items like HoJ or SGC will take many, many runs. I doubt you could kit your DPS with them even maxing your resets every hour. They could clean MC, Ony, and ZG. Honestly I doubt they could get past Vael in the first week unless they were VERY lucky with drops.
Does the contract provide any detail as to the responsibilities of each party in the event of a natural disaster or pandemic? I think a compromise, at minimum, would be to resume instruction when the social distancing mandates are lifted. However, the wording of the contract is of utmost importance.
There are industries where workstation water-drinking bans are in effect. Healthcare workers and clean room workers are two examples. I cannot find a situation where OSHA requires that employees receive water breaks outside of normally mandated breaks.
If you have a contract, you need to read the stipulations of said contract in reference to dismissal. If there is no literature in the contract preventing you from being dismissed in the manner you stated, then you have no protections under the contract and can be dismissed without reason.
Are you allowed bathroom breaks? If so, could water be consumed during that time allotment? Regularly scheduled water breaks are absolutely a thing in many industries that have logistical issues with open water containers in the work area. It would be worth getting the staff to appeal to management to allow water breaks throughout the day.
Question, seeing as you appear to have some command of OSHA regulations. I've personally operated in multiple capacities that, by their nature, do not allow employees to carry or consume liquids of any sort. Specifically in a clean room used for recovery of sensitive data wherein there is a lengthy process to suit up and it is not feasible to allow employees to spend \~20-30 minutes to desuit, drink, resuit, and sanitize any time they wish to drink. There were regularly scheduled water breaks every 2 hours, but I would hardly call that "adequate" to the personal needs of every employee. My understanding, from both management as well as OSHA, was that this is proper and acceptable considering the restrictions inherent to the work performed. Is this not true? Do you have experience in fields that cannot accommodate open drinking containters?
I honestly don't know how they would beat the clock, perhaps stacking rogues for maximum backstabs?
There is nothing illegal about having handcuff keys on your person. Handcuff keys are not banned or restricted in any way, handcuff keys (as well as handcuffs themselves) are available for purchase commercially. It IS, however, illegal to unlock handcuffs that have been applied by an officer of the law in an attempt to escape detainment.
How is it the same a ragnaros? I understand there's a time limit on rag, as they wouldn't survive a second submerge, but you aren't losing a player every 15 seconds to burning adrenaline. Additionally, I think the dps would have to hold back, as a not-quite pre-bis tank is not going to be able to hold threat against dps with infinite resources. If the can make it past vael, I think they could clear; however there is zero chance that they will make it past the Prophet Skeram in the first week.
I suppose I don't understand what it is that you are looking for. Does your receiver have RCA preouts? That would be a better way to connect to separate power amplifier. How many speakers are you wanting to power?
You will not find much success attempting to use parts of the Logitech system separately. They are designed for use with each other. If you want to improve your sound, you should be looking to replace the unit as a whole.
My main concern is that they are communicating via email and phone number. That is not how lawyers, law enforcement officers, or the motor vehicle administration would communicate something of this nature. "Start the paperwork to get the car out of your name". What paperwork? Signing over the title is literally all of the paperwork there is. OP doesn't appear to have that title, as the junkyard would have requested it when they bought it. If OP still has the car registered to them through the DMV/MVA, then they absolutely need to take care of that. If the argument is that OP is still the owner of the car, then the person driving it would be liable for stealing said car and causing damage, not OP. The company that called OP is a debt collector, OP needs to not acknowledge the debt and monitor their credit score.
Are the existing speakers broken? You simply are not going to find high quality replacements, the only manufacturers making speakers that fit the description are made by commodity computer speaker manufacturers like Logitech. If you currently don't have the money to replace them, then save your money and let them be. Then spend that money down the line for something better.
Unfortunately, HDMI is not a popular input in stereo equipment. While you may see digital inputs in the form of TOSLINK or Coaxial, HDMI is almost exclusively tied to A/V equipment. Best bet would just to be to grab an HDMI adapter and convert to RCA/TOSLINK/Coaxial
If you've signed away the responsibility to the property management company, it's possible that they do have the ability to restrict you from accessing the property. Of course, it would not be criminal, but rather a contractual violation. You would need to read the contract that you signed for more details. As an aside, could you go get tested for COVID? I'd imagine that if you were able to provide negative test results that they would allow access to the property.
&gt;The only way he would have obtained this is by going through my boyfriend's phone, &gt; &gt;You can't possibly know that. Correct, OP's SO very well could have distributed the photos, either directly or indirectly to the "friend". Not saying that is what happened, just that it's possible.
This is pretty common in poker, and is called "staking", other activities will simply call it "sponsoring". It's not *expressly* gambling, and as far as I know is not restricted by any state or federal law. I would imagine in legal terms it would be a loan with conditional return.
Yep, that's endangerment and you'd likely be responsible for damage to the vehicle as well as any personal injury. If you want to prevent people from accessing your driveway, you'll either need a gate, or a proper spike strip (sometimes called "tiger teeth") and signage.
NAH This is incredibly common, and if the rules have changed it's likely because of her new husband's influence. Either way, I don't see anything that would indicate underlying homophobia, otherwise I'd imagine your partner wouldn't be allowed over at all. It's understandable that you don't like the situation, most children aren't a huge fan of their parents rules. Live by their rules, or don't live in their house. I was 24 when I moved out and my GF (now wife) certainly wasn't allowed to sleep over unless there was an emergency.
Even then, greater nature protection pots go a loooong way.
I'm on a PvP server, so we have to do things a little differently to avoid griefing. Dire Maul is always first, because it takes the longest to get, and you risk dying and losing buffs. Hearth/port to major city. Log off. Songflower next, usually done by a small group of guild alts that can summon. Log in when ready for summons. Hearth/port to SW. Log off. Wait for Ony/Nef head, log in for buff. Log off. Now, different people do Hakkar buff different ways. Some will go to BB (that boat is dangerous, so best way is to either get alts or warlocks with engineering that can port there), we wind up just flying to westfall and skating down to the island as a 40 man raid and turning in our own heart. Then you get a mage to port to Ironforge and fly to Thorium point. At the end of the day, Ony and DM are the most important buffs. The others are good, but don't have nearly the same benefit. The only exception is DMF buffs, if you are DPS that pure damage boost is unbeatable.
Thanks for the article, a very fun read; I've always liked Guttenberg, but never really read many of his older articles.
Yeah, that's casual water in my book.
&gt;Can someone give me advice on what i can do legally. That would depend on the rental agreement you agreed to. If there are no exit clauses allowing you to recoup your payment, you likely have no recourse. &gt;These are scary times to put children in a strange environment and my the rest of the family. Vacation are for relaxing not having to watch your back and deal with these spontaneous protest that seem to turn violent when certain groups hijacked the protest. That is not the fault of the rental company or the owner, there is no legal precedence that would allow you to exit the contract and receive the refund based on the possibility of protest/riot; especially 3 days before the intended start date of your rental.
Oh damn, I'm an idiot. I still think that Quel/Mal would be better than dual warblades. It really just hurts to see those edgies go to waste.
Yep, that's illegal distribution of copyrighted material. You would need a license from the copyright holder. You are allowed to create copies of that music for your own use and archive purposes, you are not permitted to resell it. You can resell a CD or Cassette, but only because that is a physical copy, and is assumed that you no longer have access to it once it leaves your possession. If it was originally purchased in another medium, you cannot sell your converted copies.
&gt; The officer asked if we wanted him to apprehend her. Myself and that neighbor ultimately decided against that (he didn’t have the history with her that I do) but that the officer would go to her home and explain to her that should any of this continue she would be going to jail. You don't control the actions of the officer, only the act of reporting the incidents. My advice would be to have her apprehended and the police will do what they are supposed to do.
You can ask the hospital to put you on the list; they will instruct you on how (or if) that is possible. If they are limiting visitation to the next of kin (the oldest child), then you really don't have much recourse. If your sister has the ability to put you on the list, but won't, that's a personal issue that you will need to resolve; not a legal one. That fact that you brought her in is of no consequence.
You don't even need the W-2 specifically, your 1040 will list your place of employment.
A 1040 is the standard tax document that is used to file your federal income taxes. That is what you would have sent to the IRS when you did your taxes. If you filed your taxes online, you should be able to retrieve a copy of the 1040 from the company you filed with. You can always ask for a copy from the IRS, but that can take weeks/months, and wouldn't help you in this situation.
The acts that OP has discussed, while taken out of context, may not appear to be blatantly the actions of an ill person, rather the history of abuse, denial, and exceptionally antagonistic behavior is not that of a person of sound mind. Either way, that's why they have psychiatric holds, to evaluate if someone is a danger to themselves or the people around them due to mental illness.
&gt;I forgot to mention my sister is a horrible person Her character is not of relevance in regards to this matter. &gt;older than my brother and I by 20 years Then she is likely visibly and clearly older than you two &gt;and hasn't seen or visited us &amp; mom since she left when she got knocked up at 16 Again, that isn't relevant to the situation &gt;She's not in my mother's will and is acting without POA. Are you stating that you or your brother have PoA? The named executors in the will are not given power of attorney in this matter. In another comment you state the following: &gt;Anybody with some actual advice here? I can't help to feel that you want someone to give you a magic bullet that solves the problem. Unfortunately that is not how legal matters work. Ultimately, the oldest child (I'm assuming your father is also deceased) will be given control of the situation. In the short term there is little you can do other than speak with the hospital or with your sister. Does your mother have any surviving brothers or sisters? I'm sorry that this is something you are having to go through, but the standard practices and procedures in these matters is clear.
It's not that I'm not compassionate to your issue, but this is a legal subreddit and I'm telling you what recourse you have legally.
I'm assuming then, that the inner material of the cushion was primarily asbestos? Asbestos in that form isn't inherently dangerous, especially if it has been contained in a faux leather shell. In fact, asbestos is completely legal in the US, and the only discontinued asbestos products are vinyl tiles, cement, roofing felt, adhesives/sealants/coatings, and asbestos reinforced plastics. Could you provide more information about what parts of the cushion were identified to be asbestos, also, where did you take the cushion to have it identified? There's a very real possibility that you and your family have not had any exposure to asbestos fibers. Asbestos doesn't really have a "smell" that lines up with your expectation, often times that is a result of the off-gassing of the cheap plastics commonly used in China. EDIT: I misread your post, the resistance mechanism (essentially a "brake") was primarily asbestos? Asbestos brakes ARE still in production and are legal so far as I can tell, and exposure is primarily confined to repair. At this point, there IS a danger of exposure. However, there is not currently a ban on products in this category using asbestos. How does the resistance mech work? Is there a grinding action that would cause wear?
That's a big ask, does dps caster a lot more good. 90% of raiding paladins are wearing that damn turban.
I mean, you can't see your gear in cat form anyways.
Harmonious Gauntlets are dope.
Zelle isn't intended to be used that way anyhow. Neither are other services like Venmo or CashApp. Paypal is great for this, you can create an invoice and process everything properly, and you get protection from Paypal.
Eww, I hope it was at least a shadow priest.
Start farming mats for potions, I suppose. Dreamfoil, Elemental Earth, Shadow Oil, and Dream Dust (mats for greater nature/shadow/arcane protection potions), are going to be in much higher demand come AQ.
If you aren't crunching runes like altoids, then you aren't trying hard enough.
You do not need an amplifer for those speakers, they are "active" speakers, meaning that they already have amplifiers built in to them. Unfortunately, the 5005 doesn't have "pre-outs" that would allow you to use it as a preamp. If you have the ability to, I would consider either returning the speakers and picking up some passive speakers, or returning the 5005 and picking up a preamp or amplifier with pre-outs.
Our guild operates as follows: 1. Talk about gold buying as much as you want outside of game, but keep it out of the client. Blizzard can pull these logs at any time, talk in discord. 2. While we appreciate donations and assistance with guildmates, if you are raid logging, but are somehow still coming up with thousands of gold, we know you are buying it. You aren't going to rise to leadership with your bankroll. 3. If you get banned for gold buying, tough shit. If you miss raid because Blizz tossed you a 7 day suspension, you're getting marked absent. As far as an answer to your binding situation, MT and OT should ALWAYS be the first TF. Giving it to a dps just ensures that your OT will literally never be 2nd threat, and that's an issue.
It's tougher with bindings, it costs thousands upon thousands of gold to complete; giving it to someone who is simply not capable or willing to put in the effort to complete the sword does the guild absolutely no good. I'd rather it go to someone willing to buy gold to complete it than have those bindings sitting in a bank until TBC.
I'd rather do a full BRD run 3 times than 100 Anger runs lol.
&gt;I am not being given the same opportunity my fellow workers are given. You are, they are paying you for a week's worth of time in which you will not be working. That's exactly what other people are getting as a benefit. If you don't want to be paid for the next week, you should be able to ask that they put it in as unpaid leave. You wouldn't receive any money for that week, but then would be able to use your PTO later in the year. The use of PTO and unpaid leave varies from company to company though, so you'll need to run it by them. Asking that an employer give you more PTO than your counterparts is not a reasonable accommodation.
1.) Botters don't need to transfer their characters, they just make new ones on other servers and use the same bot script. Sure they lose a bit of productivity during that down period, but this can be done during off hours when the loss isn't great. I'm not suggesting that players leave their servers. Botters still have to abide by Blizzard's account rule, only one character can be played at a time per account. This is part of why Blizzard likely doesn't want to get rid of bots, because they are losing $15/mo per bot they ban. 2.) I also didn't state that simply by not buying gold that the bots can be stopped, I'm just stating that the doomsday scenario being presented where 99% of the playerbase is bots is ludicrous, as there is literally no incentive to botting if there's nobody to purchase services/goods.
&gt; It's system that isn't supposed to be there. True, it's a system that's not intended to be there, but *has* been around in some form or another since the early days of this game. Obviously bots have gotten much more sophisticated and effective and present more of an issue now. Perhaps I'm ignorant, or just somehow the servers that I play on have fewer bots; but literally the only issue I've ever run in to is the cost of black lotus (which Blizzard directly addressed). Everything else appears to be stable, and I'm able to sustain myself with the gold I earn from raid plus a little farming in felwood for runes. Arcanite crystals are batshit, I'll give you that, but DM:E runs are a guaranteed way to avoid competing with bots if you need them. At the end of the day, I'm able to raid all current content without worrying about gold, and that's really the only reason I play this game. Would I prefer that bots not exist? Sure. Is it "ruining the game" for me? Hardly.
I do not believe they do. Your locality will have noise ordinances that dictate the appropriate times, but during a standard work day is nearly always acceptable. If the sound levels are dangerous, you may have recourse, but simply by being distracting, I do not believe there are any policies or legal precedents that would prevent them from construction during normal hours, even if you happen to be working from home.
A debit card is linked to a bank account, debit transactions are the same as cash and once the money is gone, it's gone. CC transactions can be voided, as they take time to process, and aren't directly tied to liquid funds.
You'd be surprised how few RP servers are actually RP. Just check the community and ask how much RP there is on that server.
1. I'd say so, yes. 2. With 1/4" TRS cables. You'll need one for each speaker.
Wait on the response from the School. You should have been given a copy of your lease when you moved in, that should have been the first document you referenced.
I guess I have, I'm an imbecile and can't actually figure out which side of the argument you are on.
Hunters should be in T2, not T1. But yeah, most of their upgrades from that point are weapons and accessories. You are correct in that Hunter DPS becomes less competitive in Naxx.
So far as I can tell, video editing is video editing, there do not appear to be any special laws regarding editing porn. Obviously consuming or distributing illegal works, such as child porn, is illegal, but otherwise I do not believe that there are any other restrictions. Just make sure you are classified as either an employee or contractor, many businesses will try to pay video editors under the table, which can lead to tax issues.
I've really only got experience with Grid2 and Healbot, neither of which I have seen do this.
I had a hole last week where the noodle was literally only 1/2" below the hole. Anything that wasn't center cup with perfect speed just rolled straight through like there was no hole at all.
They've needed "WoW 2" for a looong time. Shadowlands is essentially their half-assed attempt at it. The problem is that they have placed SO MUCH emphasis on collecting mounts/pets/transmogs that the majority of the WoW community would simply revolt at the idea of starting over.
100% agree on using another IP. Something in the Starcraft universe would tickle my fancy.
All you can do is lay down a consecrate and have DPS back off. With improved Righteous fury it's not super difficult to regain threat. Especially if you are salving all the dps. For undead and demons, exorcism is super useful for a damage spike and is effectively a taunt.
I can't say I've ever heard internal phone speakers that I would describe as "high quality reproduction", but I will say that the latest round of Samsung devices are fairly impressive, especially when not turned to full volume. The best I've ever heard was probably the Razer Phone 2, which has full stereo front firing speakers and gets rather loud with out distortion.
If there's a bridge then it doesn't matter. Positive to red, negative to black. You can use either set of terminals.
As /u/JeopardyWizzz stated, did the contract have any clauses relating to cancellation/rescheduling? If the State of Florida is not preventing you from having the wedding, and the venue is open and able to provide their services as stated in the contract, you do not have any implicit right to cancel/reschedule with impunity. All provisions for that will be outlined in the contract. Unfortunately, if there are no clauses in the contract allowing you to reschedule, or you have already cancelled, you likely do not have any legal recourse. So far as their response for rescheduling is concerned, they cannot reschedule you for next year if all of their event slots are booked; many venues are booked months/years in advance, especially right now with everyone postponing events due to COVID. All they can do is notify you if another event cancels. You cannot force them to cancel someone else's event so that you may reschedule your own.
Probate lawyer would be a great place to start.
You should probably make a phone call. Lawyers are infamous for being slow to respond to email.
Traveling with paraphernalia is always a risk, if there is residue of an illicit substance you could be looking at potential serious charges.
To be clear, for my understanding and the benefit of other users, you are stating that you create sexually explicit content on the internet, and sell that content through an online vendor "OnlyFans". Someone either purchased or otherwise obtained that content, then distributed it to your coworkers? Your case would be for damages resulting from loss of income from the illegal distribution of your content, though this would likely not be worth litigation considering the costs of lawyers. You would have no case against your coworkers from a legal perspective as if those were private videos (such as "revenge porn"). As far as the termination is concerned, barring an employment contract or union contract that states otherwise, you likely have no recourse.
&gt;I guess my issue is that I see a grey area here since they were not posted for the public I understand what you are saying, but isn't onlyfans a public site? Meaning, can't anyone log in and pay to access the content? Simply being behind a paywall doesn't make it "private" in the eyes of the law. Payment through onlyfans is not "consent" to view your photos, rather a license to access the material for personal use, the moment you published illicit photos/videos to a publicly accessible online marketplace, you have given your consent for people to view it. It is now merchandise. The only real case here is a copyright violation due to the illegal distribution of copyrighted materials.
You should just be able to unpin, then repin explorer. The pin object gets corrupted by the latest update.
So explorer works fine when opened from desktop/start menu, but when you pin it the pin still doesn't work?
[https://eapps.courts.state.va.us/fmsOnline/#/searchHome?fips=000J](https://eapps.courts.state.va.us/fmsOnline/#/searchHome?fips=000J)
Suing a major corporation is going to cost a LOT more than 125GBP. Additionally, considering that they are based in the UK, you may have to fly back there (or have a lawyer represent you). We would need to see the literature on the site that you visited, many websites detail terms of service at the bottom of the page in fairly inconspicuous text. If you agreed to a ToS by utilizing the system, you may have signed off your ability to get a refund.
&gt; They are not reliable, the apartment is in pretty bad shape- gashes in the vinyl flooring, hole repairs everywhere, burns on the kitchen counter, stains and scratches all throughout the apartment everywhere How do you know this? Did you do an inspection before moving in? If so, why are these just now an issue? If you are not being provided access to the property, that is an issue that could *possibly* allow you to terminate the lease. You would need to contact your local Utah court to see how you go about starting a case; you cannot simply abandon the lease.
Your options are likely limited to giving him your deposit and agreeing to alternative lodging, or looking elsewhere. No matter what, you need to get communication from the landlord in writing.
&gt;But I dont know if the state police are allowed to run your plates for no reason at all. Yes, they are. Police run plates at stop lights all the time, and expired registration is a stoppable offense.
&gt; What specific laws has he broken From what I can tell, none. He could have obtained your phone number from any number of sources, including your ex. You have no way of verifying he obtained your number from evidence. Now, what he did may be *unethical*, but considering you weren't underage, and from what your post states he didn't do anything that could be considered sexual harassment; I don't see anything actionable here. Don't take this as me downplaying the issue, but if all he did was attempt to flirt with you over text message, I do not think you have a case here.
Then you are aware of your legal options. It's perfectly understandable that the landlord doesn't want to provide lodging until a deposit is paid, as that would put him at risk should something happen to the property. While perhaps unsatisfactory, if there are many units, the landlord may not have been aware of the insect problem either and is acting in line with standard protocol when it comes to resolving the issue.
It's very concerning that you are occupying the property without a lease; by its very nature your presence would indicate that the lease is assumed to be valid. You need to make your decision and communicate it to the landlord.
Do you know who this person is? Or are you just suspicious that it is the same person doing it? If you cannot identify the person doing this, you will find it difficult to bring a suit against them. Unfortunately, Instagram is not required to honor your requests, and their anti-impersonation measures are not legal in nature and are restricted to their platform. So far as the onlyfans material is concerned, publicly sharing the pictures is a violation of the ToS of OnlyFans, and could be considered Illegal distribution from a copyright perspective; but you would likely not be able to claim that sharing of illicit content that you currently sell to the public is damaging to your name and reputation.
Looks like there's something wrong with the power supply on the 120V side, switching to 240V must be bypassing that issue and allowing the sub to operate in a reduced capacity. Operating it this way could cause further issues down the line.
If he is listed on the deed, then he is in fact part owner of the house. He need not be currently residing there to use the house as storage. More information is necessary here, do you rent from him? Are you also partial owner?
You can certainly provide him a new bill of sale (it's possible he lost the original) but that can be provided via email or mail. Make sure you back-date it, however. I would not provide him your license. So long as you signed the title to him, that's all he should need.
Okay, then it would depend on the terms of your lease with him.
Generally speaking, it is fine to use whatever products you want in the manufacture of a new product. Rarely does a company with a complex product manufacture all of their parts. So long as what you are doing is "transformative", you are in the clear. Using accessories to decorate a product of your design is certainly transformative. If there are trademarked logos on the items you are using, you may want to remove/hide them.
Given that a base model 2019 Yaris is $15,600, depending on how much you put down, a jump in interest from 5.99 to 18.99 could cost you much more over the term of the loan, even with the $3,000 savings. Let's assume $1000 down for now. $15,600 at 18.99% over 72 months is **$27,250.30** $18,600 at 5.99% over 72 months is **$23,188.09** So, even with the extra $3k lumped in to your loan, you wind up saving over $4,000 over the course of the loan at the lower rate. Now, it's fully possible that the dealership itself is profiting more off of the higher total, but in the long run, adding that $3000 coverage helps you, rather than hurts you. Considering you state that you have little to no credit, it's very possible that the financing agent was trying to *improve* your loan by adding the coverage. Obviously the numbers aren't going to match exactly, and you can plug the real numbers in to the equation; but I believe that you got promotional financing based on the coverage, and you should seriously consider how much the higher rate would cost you.
I'll add that all fees and additions would have been on the financial paperwork. You would have received a copy of that before and after you signed it. When people say that the fees have to be disclosed to you, it does not have to be verbal, and if you signed the financial papers without reading them thoroughly, you may have missed the end total with an itemized list. If you were provided with an accurate list, and signed that financing, you are bound to the loan.
Not really. Either a replacement or a refund is acceptable in this case, and while many companies try to give their customers the choice, the law puts that decision in the hands of the reseller. It does draw some concern that you no longer have access to the card used for the transaction, have you canceled or lost that card? Or was it someone else's card?
They don't even have to do anything to it; for the same reason you or I could sell an old piece of clothing at a yard sale, so too can a business. Most companies (like Nike) have agreements with resellers (like Amazon or Kohls) that restrict advertising and cost, but this is so that the reseller can negotiate better pricing in order to make profit. There is nothing illegal about walking in to a store, buying a Nike sweater, then reselling it for profit. Now, if they were to represent the item as something else, using the trademarked name or copyrighted logo, they could be in trouble; but simply stating "We made a Nike sweater in to a bag" is perfectly acceptable; calling it a "Nike bag", representing the item as a product of Nike, would likely be trademark/copyright infringement.
First and foremost you would need to ensure that you are able to operate that establishment from your home. Some HOA's do not allow this, some localities have limits on running businesses that involve retail traffic in residential zones.
The highly depends on the wording of the website. At checkout you would need to read any additional terms and conditions that apply.
I'm about to pick up a pair of B&amp;W Matrix 804's and a Forte Audio Model 6 for what I think is a pretty screaming deal. Trying to read as much as I can about them but the 804's didn't seem to be incredibly popular at the time compared to the 801/802; and there's really just not a lot of information about later model Forte Audio gear. Anybody have experience or words of wisdom about this gear? As with any gear that's \~35 years old I'm sure there's some stuff that will need to be checked out.
Yup, I've refoamed a number of drivers in my day, though I imagine that B&amp;W was using butyl rubber at the time. I'll be checking for rubbing in the voice coils; but with the COVID situation I simply won't be able to demo them before purchase. I've been promised they work and been sent a video of them working; but that's never foolproof. I'm honestly considering picking up a power inverter to demo them from my car.
So long as the landlord isn't asking them to do anything illegal (like break in to other's residences to take pictures), she can offer any sort of reward she wants.
The Massdrop 6XX is basically an HD650, which is very similar to the HD600. The Jubilee is more like an improved HD598 that sounds similar to an HD660S. If you are looking for a similar experience to your dad's headphones, you should be considering the 6XX. I've got a pair of HD600's and love them to death, and as a result I've convinced a good number of friends to pick up the 6XX.
Unless you have very specific needs, speaker wire of appropriate gauge will be audibly indistinguishable. The main factors to consider are appearance, durability, and price. Spend as much as you'd like to get the appearance and resilience you prefer. Bluejeans has many options and you can customize your length, appearance, gauge, and connector. They are also very reasonably priced without being worryingly cheap.
Looking at the current trademarks, simply the term "d20" looks only to be trademarked for clothing and apparel, as well as dietary supplements. A project unrelated to those would not conflict or infringe on that trademark. If this is a serious business project, it would be in your best interest to speak with an IP lawyer and register the name of your project.
That's fair and I understand the concern, but yes, customarily with service professionals such as plumbers or HVAC technicians, a service call has a minimum fee. It seems very odd that the cost of the visit wasn't discussed before hand. Either way $150 is fairly standard, especially during peak hours in the summer.
Location was added after my comment was made. This is why location is not optional.
Unfortunately it's a bit of both. When you go to a bar and order a drink, they don't tell you the cost unless you ask. It's your responsibility to ask just ask much as it is his responsibility to tell.
New? Yes. That price is even low for a used set.
The weak link here is almost certainly the speakers; and to be honest, that's the weak link in *most* of the systems that get posted here. How much of a budget are you working with?
I don't think anyone here would recommend the Woburn. Given the choice between the two I'd take the Sixes and run.
SORRY, I replied to the wrong post. My understanding is that the RP-600M is the replacement for the RP-160M in the lineup. I found the RP-160M to be a very handsome and well-performing bookshelf; and would have no qualms in suggesting them for an apartment or smaller setup. Bass response was very surprising, and may well be *just* enough for those weary of including a subwoofer.
Last pair on ebay sold for £430.00. Considering they retailed for \~£985.00 around 10-12 years ago, a little less than 50% value seems about right.
Providing free therapy is certainly non-profit activity, however, if the building is used for profit (rental income), I do not know that it counts as non-profit activity if that rental income is then used to support non-profit activities.
I'm always of the opinion that you should get separates whenever possible. It allows future compatibility/interoperability, upgradeability, and adds to resale value. Considering the price, I'm curious why the KEF LS50 isn't one of your options.
&gt; The Schiit rep that I contacted told me that the popping sound might be caused by the fact that the Vidar is providing too much power to the speakers That's not how that works at all. If you power the Asgard off before powering off the Vidar, does the pop still occur? Plenty of vintage capacitor coupled amplifiers do this, even when operating to factory spec. I'm not sure if the Vidar has an output relay, but if it does and is still popping during power off, then there may be some sort of bias or DC issue.
&gt; told them $300 each but kept them at half utilities Your mortgage is $1000/mo? I know that this is a legal advice thread, but putting yourself underwater as a landlord is just bad business. Ultimately, the moment you moved out, and no longer resided on the premises, you needed to treat this as a rental property. Did you have them sign an amended lease when the boyfriend moved in? Does the lease cover the rental of a room? Or does she have a lease to the entire house? This is important, as if she has full purview of the house, and you no longer live there, you cannot simply enter the property at will and must give notice to the tenants (generally 24 hours); especially before moving their possessions around. The boyfriend's personal history is of no real legal consequence unless he is performing those criminal acts on the property. Ultimately, a lease violation is not going to hurry things along if the tenant is already in a month to month lease; and an eviction can take months, especially during COVID. Give her written notice to vacate, start processing an eviction if she is not moved out within 30 days. If you took a security deposit you can certainly keep it to cover costs. If you didn't and they cause damage to the property, you can sue them for the cost of repair.
None of the materials I can find indicate whether or not the Vidar has an output relay. It's certainly got measures to monitor and manage other data points, but none of those necessarily require an relay on the output. I would prompt Schiit directly to see. If there's no relay, it wouldn't be uncommon to get a "thump" on power on/off. If it's reasonably low volume, I think you'll be fine. If it's not, then I would probably recommend discussing remediation with Schiit. An alternative would be to either get your own external relays, or just put an inline speaker switch that will allow you to engage/disengage the speakers separately.
That would heavily depend on how the company has handled trademarks. For example, "STAR WARS" is trademarked for many uses, including: Athletic shoes, slippers, boxer shorts, caps, children's footwear, hats, head wear, knit caps, masquerade costumes, masks, pajamas, rainwear, shirts, sleepwear, slippers, socks, sweatpants, sweatshirts, ties, T-shirts, underwear, wristbands \[ and suspenders \]. So starting a clothing business featuring the name "STAR WARS" would be a trademark violation. "CITIZEN KANE" on the other hand, is not currently trademarked for any use. So as long as the clothing brand doesn't directly reference the 1941 film or its characters, it wouldn't be a trademark or copyright violation. As a disclaimer, I will add that I am simply using the search system provided by the US Patent and Trademark office. While this system is useful, it's hardly the end all be all of legality surrounding the subject. You would likely want to run any name by a real IP Lawyer and trademark your company name.
Fair point.
I'm very familiar with the process, as my wife frequently deals with impacted wax. The machines they use for this process are not normally capable of the pressure required to burst an eardrum. It's more likely that the impacted wax and possibly a resulting infection or irritation has weakened or even perforated the eardrum, and the pressure induced by the irrigation caused it to give way. My suggestion would be to go see the ENT and get a specialist opinion of what has occurred. Without a proper understanding of what it is that happened, it's difficult to approach malpractice. Additionally, the details of medical malpractice are far beyond the capabilities and responsibilities of this sub. If you are suffering calculable losses due to the events, it would benefit you to speak with a malpractice attorney.
You could attempt to contact FedEx and see if they'll return the box to sender.
&gt; People say I can't but I see all these sticker companies doing it, and I can't imagine them paying royalties at those prices Most of these products are manufactured in China, where it's nearly impossible to defend trademark or copyright. Millions of products are confiscated in customs as forgeries or trademark violations every year; I've personally worked with people that have had thousands of dollars of product lost in transit because of this. Just because a company can't or isn't willing to police their trademark/copyright does not exonerate those that are infringing.
Make sure that there is a metal bridge between the LF and HF binding posts (one for positive, one for negative), if there is make sure that the posts are secure. The LF posts lead to the woofer, the HF to the tweeter, if you are not powering both you aren't going to get full range sound.
Start with the equipment that you have. If you find shortcomings, you can deal with those later. The amplifier you have already has a phono input, so there's no current need to buy another one until you at least get things connected and working. I'd advise against purchasing the orbit with an integrated preamp. The most important thing is going to be placement. Placement can make great speakers underwhelming and terrible speakers palatable. Do some research on how to arrange your speakers for correct stereo imaging.
If your SIL is not a minor, and he is not distributing the illicit pictures; the only thing to consider is the violation of privacy unless he used illegal hacking methods to unlock the phone.
No matter what happens, unless you have an employment or union contract that states otherwise, you can be fired at any time for no reason. Your boss cannot "force" you not to wear a mask for medical reasons; but by that same token he also does not need to keep you employed. Unfortunately, this whole situation is all very new, and no real laws have been passed in regards to the masks, only executive orders from the state level. Here's the statement from the [ohio.gov](https://ohio.gov) site: "Employers and employees are not required to wear face coverings if it is not advised due to health reasons, against documented industry best practices, prohibited for a specific position by law or regulation, or a violation of a company’s safety policy. A face covering also is not required if an employee is working alone in an enclosed workspace or if there is a practical reason one cannot be worn. If any of these exceptions apply, written justification must be provided upon request. " So, by that standard, unless your boss is writing a new "safety policy" that reasonably disallows masks, I do not think that he can legally force you not to wear a mask.
It sounds like your neighbor called to cancel their own service, and the agent that handled the request cancelled your service mistakenly, as you have the same street address.
I have some insight to the systems that Comcast/Xfinity uses to manage these accounts, and it's far more rudimentary than you would think. The system is prone to crashing on the client side, and service agents frequently have to leave and reenter the system. It's completely possible that the service agent authenticated your neighbor against her account correctly, then for some reason had to reenter the software. When the service address is entered it displays all accounts associated with the street address. The agent then could have selected the improper account, leading to your service getting cancelled. Have you spoken with your neighbor? If she had called and cancelled her account, I would wager this is exactly what happened.
If you have already filled and submitted the form, there's little to no chance to renege now. It's possible (if the courts are open) that you may be able to fill out another form and submit it in person before the form you mailed reaches the court.
The ticket should show all information. What does the ticket say? If it was a speed camera, it would show that; if it was an officer, it would show the details of that officer. It should also outline the details of the car, including license plate and possibly VIN. It's possible that the ticket was sent to the current insurer rather than the registered owner, which I understand to be you. Just read the ticket.
If the only communication you received was from the insurance, it's possible the original ticket was lost, hasn't arrived, or is a mistaken identity. You need to follow up with the insurance company as well as the local traffic court to see if there is an outstanding ticket in your name.
When you say that the previous HDD "died", did it completely fail? (as in literally won't spin) Or is it just not allowing the system to boot? If so, you could likely image the old drive to the new one and hope that things work. Otherwise, you are going to need a base system image. In McIntosh circles these seem to be called "golden disks" that contain the install files. The only crumb I can find is a 6 year running thread: [https://www.audioaficionado.org/archive/index.php/t-20026.html](https://www.audioaficionado.org/archive/index.php/t-20026.html) There's a guy on that forum by the name of "Sully" that may have access to a system image. I'd register and try reaching out to him.
No preouts on that unfortunately.
Make a coalition of guilds that swarm with 80-100 people and distribute loot by attendance to a loot raid with nominated loot recipients from each guild. You'll down some bosses, I guarantee it.
Nature Protection potions, but yeah you should still have \*some\* NR.
&gt; Is it true that stereo receivers outperform AV receivers? I've read anecdotes that suggest this is true. At the same price point a stereo receiver will generally outperform an AV receiver simply because the AV receiver has more features and components. More of the cost of a stereo receiver is going to the amplification, while an AV receiver will have 5+ channels and video components.
Whoops, sorry, got my F-drakes messed up. No, I see no reason that you would need to do anything. If you are alliance you can try to sweet talk a paladin in to running improved conc aura.
&gt; Is it illegal for them to have hacked into this account? Generally speaking, yes. &gt; Is it illegal for her to use my Tweets “against me” because she obtained them by hacking me? In what manner? If she exposes those tweets to an employer?
