On the B-Ark
Or I may be the first person to live forever. Granted, it's unlikely
It feels like burning after a few seconds
Zaphod, Ford and Arthur Because they are hoopy froods
Haunting. Awesome
Just do it
Check out ma dick
That's really stupid
Well, the big computer monitors look dated but yeah the rest holds up
Some silly shit like that yeah. It doesn't make a whole deal of sense
It's not a phase mum!
Yeah yank him to his feet and let him fall down again. That'll help
Smile: 10/10 for confidence, 2/10 for care
Making fuck. Better?
Yeah I'd stack to fuck and probably break my neck in about 1 step
How can you possibly know this?
My kind of seat
IDCLIP
Bottoms up
Happy cake day
Your gun is digging into my hip
Sky cake!
Hi Hitler
Weird flex
Well well well what do we have here? A tough guy? Wait You were a tough guy a minute ago...
Probably not mine
Not quite the format
Very Black Mirror
Oh my god! Is that her birth canal?!
Have you got any meth?
The bare feet bothers me much more
Delivery for Dave Cameron
Erm. Are you alright?
"I wear a condom on my tongue" ...wat?
When I was a gamer my dice would turn up everywhere
Decide if telling John would compromise the mission of protecting him. If yes: Say nothing and move on If no: tell him and explain But most likely considered it is a Terminator just say nothing and move on
Hot sauce in my eye. Not the best story on here but that bastard burned me like whaling on a ginger stepchild
Dude what's your problem? I literally said let people eat what they want without judgement. That was my entire post. Where does insecurity come into it? Some people.
No. Summer is the bollocks. And that's from a guy who needs tonnes of sunblock. But it's great being out in all that sun. All the other seasons are weaksauce
Isn't this precisely how everyone on the planet feels though (ok not hippies)? I'm struggling to pay rent and I should give a shit about non-existent people? Ok I'm not *trying* to make the problem worse but I have active current life shit to worry about.
My 'planet beliefs' are exactly the same as George Carlin's. The Planet will be just fine after we're gone
Not a fast food worker but know this. If you order pasta from an italian restaurant it's likely several days old. It goes in a water bath to heat it up then gets coated in a sauce.
Silberman's a bought man. He's a giant pussy. He's be the first one they bought and he'd jump at the money. Guy's a fucking lifer. Only in T2 did he really see it and even then he's too spineless to do anything meaningfull The T-1000 didn't even bother taking him out that's how much a useless cunt he is In fact they may not even bother paying him off. What's the point?
Silberman could do late night shows and Cyberdyne wouldn't fuss over that. Plenty of whackos talking on TV. No fuss. The CCTV of the T-1000 would be far too sensitive to ever be broadcast. Cyberdyne/govt would do all they needed to (probably termination) to ensure that never saw a TV broadcast to the public
Holy fuck that sounds annoying
He belives in positive motivators over negative ones. Generally. He uses both but he knows that using fear and punishment is a short term solution. He's playing a much longer game. The Nazis were stupid and only saw the short-term gains
My gods!
Yes. The Queen is very happy. Long may she reign
This definitely happened
Water. That in the ponds and oceans actually isn't a great conductor because it isn't pure H2O. And even if it was lightning just wants to ground. Yeah it looks impressive. A single lightning strike might kill a few fish but not much more than that
They can't. There are rules. The rules can be *bent* if you're a special boy but you can't just go dreaming up futuristic swords. The code won't allow it
Yes
More like 'Read at 5.56 p.m.'
Bueller..Bueller...Bueller?
My cousin works as a junior lawyer. Prob the best paid of all of us in the whole family but he says he just works most of the week. Every week. For. Fucking. Ever He's 30 and he's got the thousand yard stare going on But he'll prob retire by 55 so he's got that going for him I guess
I have cramp in my jaw now from how hard I'm frowning. FUCK THAT
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. No judgement. It'll allow you to understand yourself better and that is the key. I went for debilitating anxiety and they explain why we think in ways that we don't want to. Thinking leads to action but it need not be 'just so'. Google CBT and find a place in your area
Invite him to a thumb war
Hypnotism isn't like a magic spell so no is the answer to your exact question posed. But yeah anyone can focus on changing their mental state and as such perception of passing time. So yes you can meditate and calm yourself to not 'worry' about the passage of time
It's an old trope that when you get hit in a 'Mexican standoff' your dying reflexes cause you to pull the trigger you have aimed at your enemy and thus Mutually Assured Destruction
Fuck yes /u/Hevysett you are my man too!!
Sometimes language is just weird. Especially with names. John/Jack are interchangable. JFK was called Jack affectionately. Same as Jack Daniels. "When you've known him for as long as I have you call him John" People like getting fucky with names Hell, my great nan apparently just called every male Jim. Wasn't demented, just decided that was what she was gonna do at a certain age. I think I'm gonna do that. I'm not going to even wait to get old
Scrumpy Jack 6%ABV 500ml Sweet but not overly so
Supermarkets
Tried on wife. Failed. Couldn't get past "you"
Different for each individual but in general it's not about not having the thoughts but recognising them for what they are. Understanding *why* you are having them and assigning them a proper place instead of the massive attention you gave them before so your coping mechanisms are tenfold stronger
There was that one time in Germany when a majority group showed a fair bit of pride
Your lighthearted post was. Light...ish.
Michael Jackson
He was impressed with the dinosaur prank and wants to keep him about to see what he does next
...he got old. Goddamit you just reminded me
I know one. He's a ledge
Yeah this reads like absolute horseshit.
Jonny Depp is taking some weird roles
Mostly at BBQs or with people at a pub
All Hail The New Flesh is a Song by Strapping Young lad
Oh you sound pleasant
Red stripes
Fucking retarded
"If we had a bigger house you could do x" I find myself repeating this now in my infinitely smaller house than they had.
New idea I've heard that keeps the timelines neat is that Sarah was always pregnant by that douchebag that bailed on their date at the start of T1 (or someone previous) and Reese was never the father. She just believed him to be. So send him back. Ensure her survival. The Terms believe what she believes cos he's been brought up being told that. He doesn't even look like Reese in any iteration tbh. Any reason why a woman could become pregnant unexpectedly. She's a young woman dating. Doesn't even have to be that guy. She's not on the pill but condoms break, sex can be messy and just that life...finds a way
This one
Lee Woo Jin Oldboy. Absolutely consumed by hate and regret. Self and other. Not some billionaire in a lair waiting for James Bond or Luke to come find him. Actual loony with the means to carry out the worst punishment possible to his enemy.
You can hate it if you like. I love it that it provides realism and helps the pacing. It shows a lot to Jesse and Walts thinking and their relationship. This just can't be the worst episode of any series ever. No way
Blackberry
Save
Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. Plus get to know your 'waves'. They pass if you surf them.
Depends totally on the person. I didn't want any words at all. But a hug went well when I was ready. Silence during. No "I'm sorry" I've always found thay a well meaning but weird phrase
I'm not a Trump supporter but you underestimate the amount of people who don't share your concerns. Many of the people who voted for him before will be just fucking dandy doing that again.
Me too bud. We all need some decent leadership and the last few years have been a farce. On both sides of the ocean
Someone who stinks soooo bad. I need to leave the area until they move on. Not even a choice. My gag reflex is weak and I can taste it in my throat.
Sean Penn. Everything I've heard about the guy is that he's the ultimate fuckhole. But I've enjoyed every time I've seen him on screen. Guy can act Same goes now for Kevin Spacey unfortunately.
Ren and Stimpy. I used to LOVE that shit as a 10 year old. Went back recently to watch some clips and it was pretty freaky deaky shit lol. Space Madness
Tax brackets. Yeah you don't lose money by earning more dipshit (unless you're collecting benefits)
The Hunt - Mads Mikkleson Fucking awesome and chilling movie and obvs Mads is on point
That I'm shy. I'm not. I just don't want to talk/dance/fuck you unless I decide I want to
Save money when you're young
Making vindaloo. I will make that shit so fucking good you will kiss ya lips
Comfortably Numb - Pink Floyd
Oh then I'm fucking minted you cock sucking piece of shit
Capture him and hold him in a basement for the next 30 years
Right now I'm really fucking radge
Warm. I'm used to it
Godfather II with the senator when he insults Mike. I'll give you my offer right now. My offer is nothing.
Crispy Duc to his mates
&gt;google eyes
UNEXPECTED ITEM IN BAGGING AREA. PLEASE WAIT
Your feet are proof of evolution
Sunday Trading laws. Shutting up shop at 4 p.m. Because why?
Devil May Cry 2
Stella 4, Fosters, Heineken, Holsten, Carling
Toddlers making fuck loads of noise
They would say "Fuck. We chose a proper dipshit" and leave him to find the actual One But true answer it would likely just kill him and he'd be flushed
So be it My Fosters liking arse cares not It's cold and wet and gets me fucked. I could make a your mum joke here
Some of us aren't too fascinated by giant monsters fighting other giant monsters when we've been bombarded by that same movie countless years
Adolf Hitler shows up in a beer hall and wants to start another fight
...ok Do you want an actual answer to your post?
Two can play that game
I agree. "Little person" seems far more agressive and demeaning. There is nothing wrong with the word midget. It's the technical term for a condition/deformity? Shit I don't even know how to be PC any more
You know you would be right at home in 1939 Germany. They were all for that
Don't bother. I already DRANK YOUR MILKSHAKE.
Exactly. What a load of bullshit
So...a bun? Which has been a women's hairstyle for as long as time itself
Yeah that sounds more like your wife's friend has problems rather than let's ban anyone on the spectrum from driving. Don't get that big ol brush out cos one guy is a cockhole
Well of course there are worse things than racism. Genocide. is one. Murdering your children. Wtf is this post?
Nah the band. It's cool. He's a roadie
/r/thathappened
But your wife is still mad at you. Fuck. What did I do?
British saying Let's Go But Better Queue Meaning we need to be hasty but don't cut the line. Manners cost nothing
On your phone like everyone else BROWSE THAT REDDIT
Because recruiting and training take up resources. If that candidate is clearly overqualied they're gonna bounce once a better opportunity presents itself, maybe a matter of weeks. So that manager who has spent hours recruiting and training this person is now back to square one. Do this too many times and the department and thus the company suffers. So you want the sweet spot. Qualified but also likely to stay
That was incredible. Belly laughs all round
Brilliant
Exactly
People are thinking this now...?of course they are. People are fucking stupid
But he's also a floppy-haired gimp full of lies and pies never forget that
A graveyard. Before being called to feed a couple of hundred people on an ancient grease covered bbq at a primary school. They asked if I would 'help' cooking. With fucking smoke burning my eyes from all the shit coming up and I was the sole cook.
A kind ass
Is this like 'my auntie would be my uncle if she had balls'? Sounds kinda odd
Yes it had 100% more Rene Russo getting naked. I remember watching that at the cinema quite attentive
Viddy well little brother
'Hostel' when the woman's eye is hanging out 'Would you rather' when he drowns the woman in a vat 'Misery' when Annie hobbles the author
Ozzyman
Chilli
A house
The agents did try and kill him (for the most part) but I think bigger factors are at play. 1. They're not clued into the 'big picture' they just do the housework. Until this iteration and Smith. They just do their killing. They search for anything disallowed and eliminate it job done. Agents can't be fundamentally rewritten to not kill. So Neo will just have to escape them. Or fight them 2. This Neo is stronger than the others in mind. Which also means in body. 3. The whole predicted thing has to adapt around these new revelations leading to the final fight. I think Neo was given help by the machines to end it. Call it Wi-Fi. in IRL. But the machines (if we bring Animatrix into the lore) had humanity's interests involved with their own. Neo was important to them and he got every bit of help he needed
GOATSE. Now that's a word I haven't heard for a while. Good to see the old memes are going strong. Not as strong as your mother goes mind
We can link it. Do you want to take the honours or shall I?
Jesus fucking Christ. Why do I sub this sub? Depressing af. People can be cunts
Thank you! Been trying to make square eggs for ages by hand. My kids refuse to eat anything else
He had a bit of a hard time after The Matrix trilogy. John Wick brought it back for him. But he was still active filming in those years. I'm gonna check some out
My shit about half an hour before I wake up is in-fucking-sane
How are you going to catch and reprogram a T1000 exactly?
/r/thathappened
If they say "Trust no one, not even me" Big red flag
That was a prototype and we're led to believe that they can only send one just like the resistence can only send one
Type C is awful. Keeps falling out
Wild horses couldn't drag me to see this dog shit
"Forgetting"
I'm gonna have to disagree there. GOAT as far as I'm concerned. If not all time who could argue his talent and influence in the past 20 years?
I heard she had an AK with a bayonet attached
Yeah. It's not about rolling though. It's often played in sand. So where your boule lands it stays
what is stupid?
wat
The black woman
What a dickhead. Definitely not happy with their own life. Will die bitter, resentful and few will shed a tear
Airports are stressful. Checking in, taking all that shit off. Metal detectors...the whole shebang. People drink a lot at airports also. Just not helping the gut situation
/r/prematurecelebration
I sucked on my mate's toes. Tequila. Quite a lot of it. I was in a blackout and don't remember it but am reliably informed it did happen. All I can be thankful for is that it was in the era before smartphones
Thank you. Yeah that original advice was on a rando blog. They said the botulism was in unboiled oil. Didn't sound right. Wasn't putting a tonne of store on the science But yeah I have 3 scotch bonnets I reckon they'll givea fair bit of heat. I ate the fourth one and it was a badass So I just heat the oil with the chilli, wash the bottle (heat in the oven?) and bottle and stop it up?
Perfect. Thank you
I let it happen because hey why not but I'm not keen on the sensation
No. Tell them to never garnish the rim.
Well I am shocked. Shocked!
Because /r/beansinthings People like to be random Beans
It is a quote. Read your bible bro. Ezekial 69:420
Dickskin? Nice
Lol. Upvote
He'll kill someone for sure and spend life behind bars
Scarface?
That is...really clever. This should defo be a thing
That burger looks drier than Douglas Adams' wit
"needed to be an asshole"
&gt;Medical degrees mean nothing That's cool and all. So next time this dummy needs surgery we'll skip the surgeon with their 'qualifications' and all that bullshit and instead let "Shaky Joe" the lovable soak down by the bookies have a go eh? Lord knows he needs the money. Bet he'd do it for a fraction of the price!
He's the best. "Any job for a dolla" That's his motto. Best to let him get a bit of shakeshifter in him first though you know. Anything will do he's not fussy Don't make any sudden movements around him either cause he scares easily but he's harmless really.
Yeah but there's many types of sweat. Fresh sweat..er ok whatever. Musky I guess Old unwashed sweat deep in the clothes 🤢
Depends. It's hard to overdose on water without drugs in your system. Not impossible but unlikely. But anyway if you do overdose on water your brain stem can swell and you die You can overdose on pretty much anything. I remember reading about a dude who overdosed on carrot juice. He turned orange and had to be hospitalised. Peter Andre overdosed on bananas and got Potassium poisining. Eating too much tinned tuna will give you mercury poisoning. Clearly you have to ingest massive quantities of these things but people do do it. Anyway back to your original question https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Leah_Betts A big anti drug campaign at the time but it wasn't the x that killed her it was water overdose (which she wouldn't have done without the drug though)
Wasps Fuck each and all of them with fire until the world is rid of their filthy stinging in my face weird hovering in my FOOD! In my house!! WHERE MY CHILDREN SLEEP!!
Cut the bell pepper once and use your hands to rip the top, stems and seeds
The artist formally known as the uneducated simpleton
The guy feels like he's trans. What's the ? ?
Many say no. So yeah I guess nah. Whatever. Just do your thing. No need for shame
Needs hot sauce
Honest mistake. Just delete the post so no one gets upset or anything lol
Nah dude forget it. I'm sorry if I upset you. Cool cool
Society has always been obsessed with death. That's basically the foundation of organised religion. Believe in me and you will never die. It's a part of life and it sucks but it happens. But a celebrity death can hit hard because they are our 'gods' heavy accent there for anyone who still wants to downvote
Wat
That's definitely Sam Jackson
What. Why? If the guy was a fuckhead in life that doesn't change just because he died. Nah fuck all that.
No I don't agree. Ok so he's not a mass murderer but taking your clause to its logical extreme should we be respectful of Hitler, Osama Bin Laden, Pol Pot? Just because they're dead. No they're human waste. Evil sons of bitches. Again not calling Em's father evil more likely just a bad father and a bad husband but fuck that he's deserving of immediately granted respect through some divine wish because we are humans and humans have to pretend to respect the cocksucker once they die? Like a coin flips. No that's horseshit and I'm not going to agree with that wishy washy bullshit for a second. You do if you want
Batman sounds dissapointed
Moist and delicious I'm sure it is
That only happens online and on silly shit like buzzfeed. IRL both genders have to deal with crap for being overweight
Hmm. Good call
Considering I don't even know who this is I reckon you're right
Unlikely. What has he to gain?
Yep that's what I was thinking thanks for the second vote of comfidence
A combination of all 3 parties involved
A couple? Doubtful the fucker will be able to make it into a second one No I don't think it'll happen at all. James Holmes thought he was special. But he wasn't iconic just a murderous looney. He thought he'd be revered as 'The Joker' but instead he's forgotten mostly and incarcerated for the rest of his life. Also are we just using the word 'incel' in place of 'maniac' now? That part is cringey. Don't do that.
Stop fucking around on Reddit and get the boat!
Your right hand man
Happy shitting!
Get outta here with that good looking shit
/r/gatekeeping
Yeah this ain't an unpopular opinion
15 dollar dollars?
Chopped fresh herbs
So be it but know you're in for a rough ride. Belt up and hold on
No. They have big dicks. Huge. That's the whole point. They need to let us know Didn't you get the memo?
Frequently work in the frozen aisle. Can guarantee is the worst Recently had some little fuckface actively trying to break all the freezer doors while mum had a very loud phone call on speakerphone for about half an hour. Often wish for judgement day from skynet
Someone playing a prank
Air con vent
A single olive
Cypher went downhill when Trinity rejected him for the final time
That is a lovely butthole
Bet he put up with more shit on the streets and in the station than most of us ever will Must have had a hella tough skin and calm disposition Respect
*In ear mic CUT CUT CUT CUT
Mis-scheduling. Happens quite a bit
Unlikely. Looks chill af
Shit. Now you tell me
I remember Heinz ravioli being banging but I'd have to be pretty hungry to open a tin of it now
Well nothing "happens" You get a little slice of cake next to your U So happy cake day
That is fucked up
Quartered raw onions. Bit strong no?
Obvious satire is obvious
The answer...to life, the universe, and everything
Tight Tight Tight. Wooooo!
MmHmm
SCARING THE LITTLE GIRL?!!!
What's wrong with this?
Dude. Don't eat that
Tuna and prawns was my go to
Corned beef hash is a monthly dish in my house. Delia Smith's recipe from How to cook book 1 is bomb I am more inclined to serve with poached eggs rather than fried but that's just me
Now I really want a koala
Chocolates may be middling but I tried a scoop of their chocolate ice cream from their shop one time. It was definitely top 3 of all time
Bin them? Open them and eat
Massive cunt continues to be massive cunt. All seems to be on schedule
Which they used to strangle someone
You guys stay up after pissing? Damn
We can only hope they were a passenger
I kinda like his comedy but I can't seem to find any new material. Everything on YT is stuff I've heard several times already
But is it a 'restaurant' though. Reeeeealy? To steal from a comic, I can't remember which one. Prob Jimmy Carr. Tell your girlfriend you've got a table sorted on valentines day at a restaurant. Spoke to the maitre'd, Ronald something. He recommends the filet-o-fish
I have a 14 year old son. No fucking way would I trust him in charge of a motor vehicle. Maybe on an empty farm or something yeah But on our busy roads. Christ.
Basically it's the British Fugeddaboudit
Well he is smug but he's also funny. Derek aside. That was pretty dire
Do you remember when we thought George Bush Jr. was a fucking dumbass? Starting to look back on that guy as not too bad now
Nazi salute cat
Christine
Suspended from the school? Guy needs to be imprisoned
But in your heart you know she's right
I don't know what that is. But it's not enchiladas
For some dipshit reason I can't post in the body text but if this post takes off I'll collate all tracks on spotify
Fuck everything about that
Oh dear. How sad that you feel the need to shit on someone else to make yourself feel better
No. It should work in theory but the flavours don't really work in practice
Well some do yeah. Others are complete cockwombles and are notorious for it
Imagine being this deluded. Must be fun
Oh. What the fuck is that?
Fuck all that. People on the train exit first. Anyone gets in my way trying to get in before that and they get Begbie'd
That's quite a lot of rice
A naan and a half each
Fair enough. But when he saw the German soldier who'd returned to his own troops and shot him defenseless. Why? Sorry but that's bullshit. There was no honour in that and I can't even see the sense. Maybe it's supposed to show that war is senseless or that people are irrational at times in a war zone but it was a shit move and it makes me lose all interest in the character. Super cool move for a guy who stood shitting his pants in a doorway 10 minutes earlier
I am liking it more and more. On first listen I found it subpar but no I reckon it's damn good
Guess I'm gonna be Doomguy. Fuuuuuck!
Looks like mummified cocks
I'll take sausage no. 2
sgone. What the fuck is schohne? Sound like the kind of shit someone would say pronounces cream as chrema
Varies dependent on local law and agreements put in place Just a tip though. If you're going to be calling people idiots get your grammar right hey
Lord of The Cock Ring
Christ, there's always one This is a thread for character deaths. You found one you didn't know about. It can't have been made more clear. It's in the title. It's on you fella. Finish the series before you read these kind of threads or deal with it. The world won't wait for you unfortunately
You're the dipshit who posted being 'mad' at a spoiler in this thread. We are responding to your post. Are you a troll or what?
Yeah sure I'm not talking about that but those that are clearly far far away like I said 10 foot back. You do get some dickheads who do that
Looks like you already did
187. Shit sorry hun. 157
No. There is such as too much of a good thing
Well, not exactly is it? It's emulating a certain style or rather certain dishes that are staples of takeaway places. Curry, chinese , kebabs etc. They're not talking about shepherds pie or bangers and mash.
Just start drinking in the charity shop
face
Fuck Trump I'm happy walking
Think? no
Stop ~~talking sense~~ being sexist
Ok but why send him to 1984? They know that failed
Schindler's list
Ah man you're so edgy and orginal. Where do you get your razor sharp insight?
They are cheap but their meat and veg have incredibly short use by times. I have bought meat from there and two days later gone to use it and it is noticably rotten on opening the pack. Fine if you're using on the day or freezing but otherwise not great
20 grand? Jesus I had 3 grand to do mine and I had to split it
Pumpkin pie haircutted freaks
Sir in one sentence Motherfucker, son of a bitch in the next
That's really not a good idea
Not sure IT can teleport bombs Where are you getting that from?
Well, less than half a T-800. We're not talking a fully operational bad boy here. It was on it's last ~~legs~~ arm So a more honest account would be 'an injured, unarmed woman beat an injured, unarmed T-800' And she got pretty fucking lucky. There wasn't much in it. A couple more seconds and it'd be 'You're terminated aaargkghhh'
According to the website they're still open for business. Bought out it seems
Razor blades used to be a lot more common household items than credit cards. Over time they switched
It's a tenner a month. Free with certain phone contracts
Reminds me of a quote by comedian Steve Hughes. Best I can remember: "You play with your girly tits. I'll be over there fucking a MAN"
Who gives a fuck?
It's in the Cambridge Dictionary
2 pots of paper with 'FUCK YOU' written on it coming right up
Sounds like he knows what's what
Stick a bit of Smack my bitch up on for your nanna she likes that
CGI could and does work in movies or shows if the actor declines or is unable to smoke.
Asterisk Asterisk at the bottom "According to the director of this movie and his wife, and his wife's friend, all his wife's friends husbands' tennis partners and that lovely bloke they met at the pub the other day called George"
Today is Wednesday so I'm not having tacos. I'm having enchiladas
A.C said ten percent
Prob pasta and tomato sauce
Reminds me of the creature that wants to be eaten in the HHGTG tv show "My liver should be very tender by now. I've been force feeding myself"
&gt; Megadeath 🙄
Which other business would this work in? Sorry you brought your car in to be fixed at a busy time, adding 3% on for the mechanics. Get fucked Tipping culture is so antiquated and odd. Just pay your staff what they deserve as a wage. Leave it up to the customer if they decide to add a bit more to the cheque. End of
Mein Kampf is a hoot
Oh that's nasty
wat
That's what we do in England. I don't even know what a taxi is I didn't even walk to the supermarket today. Took an ambulance
No proffer. He was trying to sell him glasses after all
Sound like something that happened
Yeah alright mate
Gin o'clock
Cool story bro
You can't taste racism baby
In a heartbeat
God damn that looks insanely good. Gonna have to make this stat
Exactly
Happens to the best of us
I don't remember this lyric. God damn Lennon really went all out
Peep Show flashbacks
Yeah it did. Double twist actually. Well, one revelation that was part of a bigger one. Quite good too
Can't think of any SK references in any Bachman books. The Regulators/Blaze don't count as he was already outed years before. He was purposefully trying to distance these from his other works so to put a SK reference in would be in complete opposition of that. Read them before or after Shining. It won't make any difference
Hmmmmm Not quite sure that means what you think it means
Filthy thing to do. That bouncer has a hell of a lot more restrain than I would have
Looks like they did that on purpose. Everyone in this video looks a few cans short of a six pack though
Now I'm pretty bad at geography but not this bad
Was Bill Hicks in charge of this?
Looks pretty standard for a toddler's nappy
&gt;Jesus Eastwood
Has Arnie done a buddy cop movie? He might actually be the only major 80s action star that hasnt. I can think of Stallone, Van Damme, Gibson, Norris, Chan Last Action Hero is a parody of buddy cop movies so that counts now I think of it
This is the cover image from self titled Rage Against The Machine album. That's one of the tracks This guy definitely knew his enemy
Just a bit more grumpy with the thousand yard stare and I'd agree
If he offers you a stone and asks you to be his right-hand man think twice before accepting
Knowing my luck I'll end up one of the 0.6%, get chosen by God and have to walk to meet some fucking devil for a stand off Always something
Slice them into strips. Slice again so they're thick sticks. Stir fry and add your favourite veg, noodles and sauce. Banging
Fuck's sake
I know you're joking but that wouldn't stick
It doesn't look gross. Come on now
Calm down son
Cringe. You went through their post history in an effort to attack them That's kind of...pathetic
1/3 cup sugar. God damn. I heard American bread was sweet. In our bread in UK we add either no sugar or max 1 tspn just to help the yeast along
No trying to change your mind. But sometimes cut into four squares is awesome too
&gt;The reciept
God damn
*Slightly less than one testicle
There are many interpretations but the one I subscribe to is that he found a wormhole that intelligent beings directed him (us) to through the monoliths and that allowed him to ascend to old age in a new dimension, die and be reborn as the star baby essentially a or the God protecting and looking over the Earth But yeah it's trippy and long. I didn't care for it the first time I saw it so I get where you're coming from
I know this sounds a bit cheffy but it's piss easy. Smash that rocket up in a blender or processor. Mix it with ricotta. Use as a filling for pasta shells. Top with pasta sauce and loads of cheese and bake
Marmite is the tits. Fuck the haters.
Yes but we must /r/gatekeeping at all times. Never forget that
My wife and kids leave porridgey bowls *next to* the dishwasher as if being near the machine magically cleans it. I have often thought of just throwing the bowls out after coming back from work and seeing how dried on that shit is
Tell me you've done that to a stranger by accident.
Lorne Malvo made it look pretty badass
*Sigh*, go on then. Call me a tosser
Dark. It just seems easier on the eyes
Had a fat woman walking along. Not just overweight but like how does this person walk upright fat in a T-shirt at least 4 sizes too small so her fupa spilled out up to the bellybutton. I reckon at 30 stone Walking along farting with each step. Noisily. She knew. Everyone customers and staff alike just vacated
I prefer 'gunt' but in the interest of good taste I only use it on special occasions
I did say in my original post that families on low income get the discount. Also they offer discounted eye test vouhers every few months if you keep an eye out for them
Ah right no. A supermarket
It looks like a giant...
Oh ok
Well, when the the right number of people replace their profile picture with a black square all the racists have agreed to stop being racist for ever and ever cross their hearts.
Screaming "I have a small penis"
Are you referring to that guy in the news who got banned from Aldi when they said he had to use a basket?
But why accept that bullshit to begin with? The shopper was seemingly in the right (I wasn't there so I can't say if he was acting like an ass or not) According to the news article not though. Seemed he just wanted his one item and wasn't interested in touching anything else which considering the pandemic makes total sense But putting up with silly arbitrary rules and puffed up chest managers deserves to be met with a resounding 'nah mate' not pandering to them
Quite the opposite in fact
No no no no no. They absolutely protect and serve. It's just not civilians they protect and serve
"You'll need a tray" "No I will not need a tray to kill you" "The plates are hot" "Oh I see the plates are hot. I thought you were challenging me to a fight to the death"
True but if you cut yourself you're still in for a bad time
It goes on and on and on
Err no. You won't always have control. It doesn't make you a machine Been a chef for a while. Cut myself with a super sharp knife once in a while. Seen many others do the same Having a sharp knife doesn't mean you will never ever cut yourself by accident I know you're less likely to cut yourself but it can and does happen See how I agreed with the premise but said 'if you do cut yourself...'
Ok don't hate me. But I am finding myself say 'ass' more than 'arse' But I have my reasons 1. Calling someone an asshole is just more satisfying. Even if it feels wrong it just sounds better. 2. I am married to a S. American and her lingo is rubbing off on me.
I think OP was being witty, pithy. Tongue in cheek
No harm done. Let's all be friends
Mr. Orange seems to be quite the comic book fan. Doesn't he also have a full size poster of The Silver Surfer in his apartment?
There are many similar names. Too similar for co-incidence. I think like Stephen King he likes leaving Easter eggs for his fans to show they are tied in. Or could be Red Apple cigarettes for one.
This one made me claustrophobic just watching. I watched it alone. Well. I thought I was alone. Checked a few walls and mirrors whenever I needed a piss break
Things to do in Denver when you're dead. Christopher Walken is intimidating as always but interesting seeing Christopher Lloyd as an older crook. Good performances. Not a 'great' movie but rarely mentioned and well worth a watch
I heard that that song was about 'One' by Metallica. No I can't find a source but I do remember hearing JB and KG saying that in an interview once
While my Guitar gently weeps
My Big Fat Greek Wedding
I had my 'everyone out of the pool' at work. I was going through a lot maritally, kids, drinking a hell of a lot (not at work, evenings and weekends) but the body doesn't care about that. It can only take so much stress. Monday morning I went in feeling ok(ish) well, the standard hangover and dodgy guts but nothing out of the ordinary for me and then I started panicing. I had done this job for 5 years but suddenly I couldn't sit on this chair. I was going to fall off. I just knew it. Lurch myself backward uncontrollably. I started sweating massively. Get ahold of yourself. It's 9.a.m. Someone is going to see My hands were all over the place. Ok we're doing this are we? My body: oh yes we are. Sorry matey you're out of the loop now. Fuck! I had to have my manager escort me from the building I was shaking so bad from sheer internal terror. I couldn't even type the numbers in to make a phone call. I could walk though. That helped. I felt better once I got on the train back but I never returned to that job. Wanted to but my anxiety was still right there on the brink every time I sat down somewhere I couldn't get out of. Even haircuts became an ordeal Signed up for Cognitive behavioural therapy. That worked for me though. Explained why I was having anxiety and how to deal with it I had panic attacks for best part of 18 months following but that therapy really did seem to help.
/r/putyourdickinthat
Hahahaha Classic
Bloody lazy dead people Give you 3 years and you can't even be bothered. Jesus only took 3 days eh... He was pretty timely with his resurrection
My ability to cook rice. I've been trying for quite a while and though I think I can do ok its not great. Often I buy those pre-cooked packs and put into a fancy bowl
Precious things
That looks amazing How did you get those shavings. Did you temper the chocolate and then scrape with a knife?
That album I always listened to when walking back from my cheffing job. Pitch black. Maybe midnight or 1. a.m. just me and the music on my little Creative mp3 player. Always calmed me down after a tough shift.
Nah I might call a mate a cunt. But I would never call them a Karen. Jesus, they're not that bad
Linkin Park
God damnit
Don't make eye contact with the Crackhead NPC. Nothing good can come from this encounter
Not Alex James from Blur... he took up cheesemaking
Half the people in this thread: Bastard doesn't even farm. He pays someone to do it for him!! Ok. Guess the part where his brain exploded doesn't let him off the hook for that
I was with you in the first half. Refried peas sound and look absolutely filthy
Big Beanz Manifesto: Big Beanz are the best, eat beanz all the time
Second best
I hope you had a couple of pints of something to wash that down. Looks dry as fuck
Yeah fuck that
"Different origins" Not vague at all. Might as well say "Don't ask"
Two stars is really god damn good. The most ever awarded is three.
What are you supposed to even do with it? Balance a piece of chocolate on a cracker?
Everyone's got one of them handy
"Works for me" Will lead to a massive argument down the line but I'm not propogating childish tantrum behaviour from a partner.
So do you just chow down on those onions? Crunch crunch crunch?
What
Ah I see your error. You should have used eggs. And fried them What you seem to have done instead is emptied out the contents of your vacuum cleaner on a plate
There was one teacher in the last class of the day that would keep us all behind if one kid acted up. Which yeah, obviously was every fucking time. 10, 15, 20 minutes. The guy couldn't control the class and even during the 'extra time' if he heard acting up another time period was added to the waiting clock for 30 kids from 30 families. Well he was on til later on so what did he care? My Dad who would sit in the car park waiting for me got super angry when I told him this and why I was late out. He said from now on when the end of day bell goes just get up and walk out to meet him in the car and he would deal with any fallout. Took a bit of courage but I did it. I took a shitload of flak for it and he was called in and gave them a proper earful. That part I do agree with. Fuck them for thinking they can interfere with so many family schedules. I have my own kids now and have seen so many teachers at the end of the school day not give a shit about getting them out on time. Not within 20 minutes of the so called end of day when us parents bust our balls to make the timings work around our own workdays. So I can see his frustration. The teacher stopped doing that from then on. I was a celebrity. I gained a notoriety that I didn't really want. Maybe this one is 50/50 fuck that teacher for using such a shitty technique that screwed over so many families who had theirr own schedules with such a childish petty technique. If that's all you have as a discipline technique maybe look for a different job. But also a bit fuck my Dad for putting me in that position to be an object of focus that I really could have done without. He should have gone to the head of year on his own time not told me to make a spectacle of myself in front of 29 twelve year-old kids who are just crying out for an outlier to pick on. That was pretty much the beginning of the end for me at that school. They kept me out of all classes from then on because I (Well me and my Dad) were considered troublemakers and I would study outside the Head of Years' office on pretty much my own schedule. As long as I turned in homework and I stayed there I was left alone by kids and teachers alike. But I wasn't left alone by the kids when I tried to re-integrate. I was notorious among the kids for 'beating the system' But I didn't want any of that. My own so called friends turned on me for thinking I was 'better than them'. Also attracted the attention from the actual 'hard kids' and shit unravelled fast afterwards. I had to be home-schooled until we moved house and I got into a new school.
No-one seeks Nurgle. He comes to them at their most painful twisted hurting moments and promises a release from worldly pain (while also infecting them with horrible pustulence but hey, roll dice with the devil) He gives that pain release though. Does seem to be the most benevolent of the four. His followers are quite joyful. Singing songs and dancing about between spewing putrescence on their god's enemies All things considered, if you had a choice, Nurgle may be the better option as a lowly follower
And yet it does seem to reward its followers with a sense of wellbeing. Is this not an act of a benevolent god? Khorne, I would put in the same bracket actually. You want to kill bloodlusted. Work for me, hell yeah. Fill your boots, we're doing this. The other two though... Very dodgy Gods to work for. May end up in a place you don't want to be at. They seem quite tricksy Slaanesh you may find yourself being tortured for eternity in the pursuit of 'experiencing higher thresholds' (I'm thinking cenobites) and Tzeentch well that mf could have anything in store for you as long as it benefitted its great plan. You'd have to be crazy to trust in that one
Why have you posted that here?
A beer can Goddamn it
Lister?
That dude in the middle looks like Bill Nighy Come on Bill. Don't be a conferedate fuckhead. The film business will pick up eventually
Wtf?
/r/nobodyasked
Habanero Tabasco
Boom bada boom bada boom
Baldrick fetch my extra strong ale
Well yes but would you really trust them to do that? Ever worked in the food industry? Those use by dates are doctored across the board. Same with temperature readings. Yeah even those restaurants where you're paying £100 a head. To quote a famous movie "I've seen things you people wouldn't believe" Did you sanitise all the workout booths worker X? Well not yet because you asked me to do A, B and C. I can do it now but it'll take about an hour. Never mind that we have tonnes of people coming in and we can't have those booths down. Just sign here to say you did. And if someone gets sick. Well they can't trace it back to us. All the paperwork is in order. You do want to keep this job right? Yes boss
Normally when someone is so arrogant as to pronounce their food as 'perfect' I shoot them down I'm having trouble doing so here. That is indeed a fantastic looking yorkie
Spicy food
It's a weird tattoo for sure. If it was just a drawing or something they posted online I would suggest they are attempting being ironic though still in poor taste. To have it put on your body though is just baffling. Here is a skin deep image depicting my love for cuddly fictional bears and genocidal fascists. My guess is the person in the photo isn't too bright and knows barely anything about the Nazis besides 'White Power'.
Good call. Doing that now
Christ that last half was cringy I really hope you're a troll doing it for laughs otherwise. Oof &gt;Intrepid and brave Redditor 🤮
What if she writes for the NY Times?
Couple of months ago went to help an old friend move. We don't keep up much these days. He only calls when he needs something. Never answers the phone when we call. Never calls back. Never comes to see us but apparently stoked to see us and great plans for moving day la la la. I found out the day before but ok. He'd been a bud in the times before. Needs must. We've all needed help moving and money ain't always great so yeah ok. When we arrived he had nothing packed. I don't mean he had some bags packed. Nothing. He was already well drunk at 11 a.m. smashing a 6 pack of Stella when we arrived and while my wife and I humped his shit into his new house he made a new mate on the street instead of helping and started up a convo about...whatever the fuck he started up a convo about. Guitars I think. That lasted a good hour or two while my wife and I made multiple trips in our little runaround and lugging his entire worldly possessions up the stairs into the next place. We had driven a couple of hours on our only day off to do this mind. It wasn't around the corner from us. When his wife arrived in the evening and we'd finished moving the stuff in the gas flow wasn't working because there was no money on the meter. Surprise surprise. She gave him £20 to go find a shop that would put that on a prepay card. She'd been working all day. She does about 60 hours a week. My man here does none. He took the money and drove off with me to a car park where we sat for 40 minutes while he chain smoked waiting for a guy to bring him a gram of coke. His dealer couldn't find the place so we waited and waited. His wife called. My wife called me. What were we doing they asked. Yes. Good fucking question. What the fuck were we doing? Asked myself that once or twice during the day. On the way back on speakerphone he tried to have me lie for him saying the car broke down and we couldn't find the cornershop. Yeah clue is in the name. It was about a 5 min walk according to Google maps. I didn't lie because fuck that and fuck him at this point. I made non-commital noises. But it was essentially lying through ommission which was good enough for him. He also tried to blame her for the car breakdown (which never happened). Don't try and find the logic in that. Cokeheads. Egotistical manipulative cunts. So no gas. And at that point I had had well enough. My man. You used to be cool. But that was the last. As Neil Young said "No more, no more" He also said A man needs a maid. Fuck knows what you need but I don't think your wife's gonna put up for much longer As for me. Sorry bud but we're done
My wife thinks I'm antagonistic. Or old fashioned. Or maybe just a moany old cunt. But she knows that if someone tried to serve me food on something 'cute' I'm sending that back and telling the kitchen the next thing they bring out wants to be on a plate or forget it She raises her eyes when I do the horribly anti-English thing of saying anything but I just fail to see the funny side of paying a king's ransom for a piece of fish on a stone and some chips served in a bucket on an entirely seperate part of the table.
Jesus. That looks the bollocks
Land Of The Free! Keep pledging that allegiance
Wrapped up in a chapati. Yes yes yes
You're mad! Well...I've come to the right place yeah?! HAHAHAHA
Don't. Just. Don't it still hurts
Context? Or you just got a thing for her OP you saucy devil? Fucking liberty!
Yes stock works well. Wine is just another part of upping the umami. Obv replacing it wont completely replicate the flavour but these things are all good additions to making your ragu sing Stock Wine vinegar Worcerstershire sauce Marmite MSG powder
Possibly yeah. We didn't see anything after him waking up and kinda looking a bit jetagged at the baggage terminal perhaps recognising a few people from the dream. I guess best case is that he dissolves the company and goes on to live a happy life. He seems pretty switched on. Quite confident he could use his money and means to do something interestisting. Worst case is that it sets up a rattling in his mind causing him to breakdown like Mal and well... Who knows? I like that in a movie tbh.
After being reminded of his arrangement and half remembered dream it convinced Saito to kill Cobb by gunshot and then kill himself immediately after. That rode them all the way up the kick into the plane. That's why we don't see any of the interim levels. No other dreamers are still there. That's my understanding The question of how Saito was able to withstand limbo and come out seemingly unaffected is unanswered in the movie and I would consider a plothole but here's a hypothosis: 1. Cobb came to get him. He was old but had his mind still intact. It may have been 60 years but it wasn't 600 or 6,000,000 where we'd be seeing the brain 'scrambled egg' 2. The agent that put them under seems to provide psychic resistence to extremely long times under
My own idea about the ending is that Fischer split up his company and that went into liquidation. Saito and Cobb went insane from being down in limbo and that Saito's company on finding out what happened along with possible instruction from Cobb's associates permanently plugged them into the dream machine. Put them away have a new CEO. Job done May have to fake a death but that's fairly easily done. This is their reality now. Saito believes he runs the new energy conglomerate and Cobb believes he lives back home with his kids free to start a new life.
&gt;Lincoln Park
4 teh lolz Because it's a humourous way of saying the words Started about 10-15 years ago. Mainly from chat boards, blogs and linking sites. Early prototypes of Reddit. 4chan somethingawful fugly fark encyclopediadramatica steakandcheese beerforbreakfast T-shirt hell maddox They were the sites that were pretty big at the time
Absolutely depends on your emotional state. Some days I don't g.a.f about anything. Other days I'll lie in bed and remember just everything I did as a teenager that I haven't thought about in 20 years that'll make me cringe. But I do seem to shrug off the cringing easier than before.
Nah no assets. Can't stick my head up. Can't use cards. Can't use references. On the run Moving as far as poss. Where can I get to and where can I set up with no startup? Just me and my smile By the way like I say this is entirely hypothetical. I'm sitting in my bedroom right now. Happy enough. Not planning to go anywhere just seeing if the hivemind can run some ideas late night. Let me know how it might work. You never know
Sure. This is not a legal thing. I'm talking being on the run. Like if people were trying to kill you. Move to a different country if need be. How would you achieve that. How far could you get?
Erm. You do understand this isn't real right? I'm just trying to wonder how to escape if say a government agency was intent on killing me. Or some bullshit like that. It's hypothetical. I'm just sitting up late fucking about asking questions. Is that ok? I guess they would be upset. As would I. But that's not what I'm asking
I'm not expecting my life to hit 24 hours if I can't get away. Like I said I'm on the run. I can see my options as 1. Stay in country and make low money without ID doing hard labour a long way away from my home town until I decide I have enough to split and do... unknown 2. Go to work for a bad bunch. Make more money but doing something I may find unsavoury 3. Decide to get out of country immediately. Again. Unknown how. Maybe stowaway. 4. Hurt someone to do number 3 (I wouldn't consider that an option)
Nah this isn't about a mother this is one dude. I'm thinking like Micro from the Punisher but without the technical expertise. Just a regular fella who had to get the fuck away for (reasons) but yes was being hunted by people who could track him through cards and ID etc.
Well maybe he doesn't have a wife and two kids I only said that because I was thinking of Microchip from The Punisher but yeah that definitely makes it more complicated. I guess the next question is can he finance them once (if) he gets out?
Nah this guy has none of that. He has a phone with 77% battery. A phone charger. A backpack with 2 changes of clothes and £300 that he just took out of his bank and that's it. Let's say it's 8 a.m. and he has a 6 hour headstart just because. He's one hour out of London by train but that'll cost him £25 And yes if he get's caught it's either life in prison on a bullshit charge or assassination So yeah, he needs OUT Starting to think I should have posted this to another sub because people seem to think I'm asking for advice to go on the run lol. Ah jeez
Right now. Let's say this is set now. Watertight due to Covid. But if our man went to work for some guys who made real money. Maybe took some dodgy jobs running drugs or whatever. Who knows. Private planes Question is is it worth getting out of the country. Would that make it easier or even harder?
KFC suck balls. They gave my order to another customer. Absolutely no reason for it. I ordered at the counter and waited at the counter to one side the entire time. When I said ok. Well mistakes happen. Trying to just get things moving. So make a fresh one please and I'll be off they said no, just go and get it from the guy we gave it to. He's sitting over there. Doesn't look like he's started on yours yet. I had to explain to two employees then a manager that I wasn't doing that and it would either be a fresh order or a refund now. I'm not even trying to get free shit just what I ordered and paid for. The whole thing took about 25 minutes as well and it was absolutely not busy. About 5 customers in with the same number of staff. That was the last time I went about 6 months ago. Can't see myself going back tbh. Maybe they were good back in the day but JFC (eh?) they're not these days
Ah man and I was so sure that was going to be a well thought out successful site that would overturn Reddit and draw everyone into its warm embrace
Fuck knows. Consider everyone whooshed and we're good.
I unwrapped a 12 pack of nerf gun 'bullets' That was our final present and we asumed our Dad didn't know they needed a gun so me and my bro were pretty cool about it saying yeah ok that's great we can use these to... stick to windows and stuff. It wasn't the last present. So doesn't quite fit the question. But it did for about 10 minutes
An old school friend with which we had a tenuous friendship anyway . Not much in common On meeting up with him after a few years more out of courtousy than real closeness. Tellling him I was in a long term relationship with a Brazillian woman Him [immediately]: So...does she have a brazillian? Yeah ok mate, best way to rekindle a failing friendship asking about my partner's pussy. Real classy. We were late 20's at this point so. Yeah Fucking bellend. Cut that one off not too long after.
Do my facial spasm Mark: You don't have facial spasms Me: Yeah I occasionally do
Rosebud
That there are most likely thousands of un-caught serial killers at large across the world who know all the techinques police can use to catch them. Who have means to do what they want and execute (torture?) and dispose with impunity. And those police aren't really looking for them at all. There was a guy caught recently who killed over 90 people (number may be way higher. That's just what he admitted to).You know his name? Probably not. Because it's not in the news. Samuel Little. Cute name. Sounds like a cartoon mouse. But it's not news. Oh it got some page time but nothing like what it should have. America's most prolific serial killer. But this is the one they caught. Imagine how much work that takes. And those others out there now... As my nan always said "there's more out than in" Meaning the fucking looneys are still out there Can't catch em all
So you're telling me your real name isn't Throwaway363919263?
/r/beholdthemasterrace
6 years now. At least 5 guys on my block I used to see in the pub. They know my name and call "alright /u/Hugh_Jampton" I have to reply "alright...mate". Has been waaay too long to ask now. I'm just terrible with names
Oh I love to watch the people who stand up as soon as the plane lands. They spend the next 15 minutes immobile and hunched over getting visibly angrier by the minute. Why aren't we off the plane yet? Erm because they haven't even opened the doors hahaha
What dude?
Heterosexual men, lesbians
Never heard of vanilla mashed potato. Does that actally work?
Working on top of houses/buildings laying or fixing the materials
I think it is considered quite tough (as in difficult. Strenuous). I've never done it but roofing in hot weather has from all accounts I've heard been pretty damn hard work
Wait I know this one. Attention
What the fuck man?
No such thing as too much Tabasco. I've tried
I've had shit takeaways and great ones. You roll the dice and try and find a dependable one. Also it doesn't help with 'Under new management' We lived for 2.5 years near one that changed hands 4 times in that period. It went from middling to great to shit and then middling again.
Well 1. Because they're the subs you frequent. Start branching out and looking at different subs i.e. not the 'funny' ones, some more serious subs like /r/askhistory /r/askscience (not that you have to. not trying to be elitist or iamverysmart or any shit just examples) or whatever and you'll observe a more serious tone. The mods delete all memey silly shit there 2. Confirmation bias. Similar to the first point but if you're only clicking on the links that appeal to you. You're gonna see similar things in the comment section each time 3. You're probably not sorting by new or controversial. This last is the most time consuming because by definition you're gonna see what doesn't necessarily get upvoted so you may have to sift through tonnes of shit. Shit memes. Shit comments. Racism, plain idiocy. Guys that came just to argue. All that good shit. But once in a while, eh maybe some gold. Maybe a comment that came in too late to get upvoted but is enlightening or just seriously funny or on point. Yeah there's a lot of shit to wade through but it does get you away from the hivemind Be brave and dig through new. Do it for us. Maybe nor /r/all (what kind of masochist would do that?!) but just on a few subs
I'd get that checked out by a doctor
No. He doesn't drink alcohol
You'll just have to turn this opportunity yes!
Recipes asking me to deseed chillis. Yeah I'm not doing that.
I really hate to see people drop their food. Something that can't really be eaten after. An ice cream or a sandwich on the pavement It upsets me more than it should
Looks like Van Damme
Anthony Hopkins woulf have been way too young to play Tywin in the 70s
That'll help with...something
/r/iamveryrandom
/r/lostredditors
Ok then...
Yep I can totally imagine that. Worked for some dipshit companies in the past.
If I learnt I had rabies it's pills and vodka night for me in a warm bath and a razor blade.
We're not in the middle of the food chain
Well this is bullshit right? In that it didn't happen
