Look at comment &gt; Downvote &gt; Feel good
Woah.... this is that Jenga dog!!!
You’re fucking stupid. Maybe not -*born* (idk) but yes they are
Almost bamboozled me. Almost.
This is entirely on the placement of the camera...... there are ceiling structures so yes that camera angle is gonna look shit compared to the other.. I’m sure it would be just as easy to find an angle to make now more favorable Sorry to spoil your “it was so much better back then” moment.
I see what you did there
This is neato
Because people drink better shit than Budweiser. How do you make this statement and admit to only having the worst of the worst 😂
I have no advice to give about the medical part, but I will say that it is EXTREMELY normal to shower every day. . I know shampooing is supposed to be every few days. I work hard and sweat every day, f that. I mean it is absolutely disgusting to only shower once every 3-4 days.
Holy hell
Idk what most professionals say, I just know what is normal to me, everyone I’ve lived with me, and what my friends do. That is the definition of normal to me, but thank you for that information.
My heart
Top cringe quality right there
The state legislation.
Everyone thinks I’m saying Neil/Ian. I’ve learned to use another name when ordering coffee or things when they need to know my name.
Stop with the states mate
Sorry you’re getting flamed for asking for the littlest amount I have ever seen anyone ask for OP
I have one. It lost its composure after a few months but it was dope
Sudden and fast. Be direct, loud, and if you don’t shake a lot of things in the process you’re doing it wrong. Also make sure to have a glass of pomegranate juice as the smell will put them in a temporary trance like state.
I KNOW there is a subreddit that is for people struggling and where other nice redditors help out in small ways. I’ve seen it I just can’t remember.
Waffles for sure
While you are right, the person you replied to is also right for the most part.
Most people flock to this sub for a quick find anyways and don’t visit it otherwise
South Park is not available on either of those platforms (at least where I’m at) However it is available on Hulu
The contrast form likes to comments is fucking frightening. I would be so happy to see this happen.
Is their an emote to make their heads red?
“Theeeeee FLIPPITY FLIP!”
Then we need a $1,000 a month UBI for 2020 and forward for everyone over 18! WANGGANG
Andrew Yang raises $16.5M in Q4, which was more than his Q1 , Q2, &amp; Q3 combined. Let’s get this UBI!
Too much autotune imo
I find it pretty calming. I love it. Edit: interesting to see how strongly people feel about something so little
Damn you really ready for a fire though
Thank god someone said it
*”omg he is a failureeee!”* Kid thinks he is so slick but dude still just pulled off in a Lamborghini
Well aware I will get downvoted, but this type of shit is cringey as hell.
Stop spamming this shit I’ve seen it a dozen times
*recent* ex. I see your situation, and I raise you a situation.
And break mother fuckers backs
I think the beats are better than US drill beats honestly. But bars wise, I don't see a big difference. Just different slang. What US Drill artists have you listened to? .. I have seen people on the sub commenting how UK drill disses opps and US drill doesn't - which could not be farther than the truth. Edit: hate the truth not me lol y’all know I’m right
I woulda been like alright bruh you got to go now fuck all this
I remember being 16 and packing a bowl of Pineapple Express (that’s what we were told it was...) into a diy plastic water bottle bong, and using pineapple flavored juice. I remember it tasting great..
You promoting yourself fuck outta here with this lieing promoting bullshit
imo not worth paying for it if it’s fake - could get something even cooler/better online for less than 100
Scarface over there wit his tommy gotdamn
The toolbox killers. That transcript... only time I couldn’t make it through.
I fucked up because that was the first billy on the streets thing I saw, then I tried to watch his shit on Netflix. Couldn’t handle him he annoyed the hell out of me
This is nice to think about but in a lot of prisons they have their own sections away from everyone else. Not always, but the justice system is just fucked.
I was a part of the CWA as a Wire Technician for AT&amp;T UVerse before I became part of IATSE Local 479. CWA was clearly not as strong as IATSE, but it was a much larger union and I support them fully. I thank unions for a lot. I didn’t know what to do as a kid who had bad grades and couldn’t go to college
The BREO inhaler I use has a coupon online through their website for anyone. It varies on your information (idk what changes it exactly) but my cost went from $80 a prescription to $10 a prescription. For good. This is something I **NEED** every month, on top of an additional inhaler, so I can breathe properly and not die from an asthma attack *(which now that I have asthma after developing it at 21, must be a fucking awful way to go.. just choking on nothing, slowly.. I’ve had a few serious asthma attacks and they are without a doubt the worst moments of my life)* **And I have medical insurance** - through IATSE. BREO gave me an insane discount just cause. If only all drug companies were about actually helping the people and not just about making the most amount of money
When I was a kid and everyone said what they wanted to be when they grow up, I said I wanna be a cartoon.
Get a new gun
Forreal but the first comment was just a nod at Todoe’s song with trippie red I Kill People
*“The Department is de-centralizing its Narcotics Unit in recognition that the violence that surrounds this trade should be the focus of the entire Department, not just one team.”* This is a terrible idea imo, and there is no thought behind who made this article, just a bunch of sentences to grab your attention that don’t hold any weight. Yes the narcotics division is disbanding - **BUT** this division was not the cops arresting people for minor amounts of drugs, they were targeting the gangs and people moving heavy drugs - as in the ones people are actually dying from. This article says things like “now there won’t be any cops kicking in your door for a single plant” - uh no that’s not at all what it means and when did that ever happen here anyways?
Yup I’ve seen lighting pretty close and everything turned red for a second, I mean everything. Split a tree beautifully I might add.
Is there a reason you haven’t jumped to streaming platforms and ditched the overpriced 15 channels? Plus, you can just get an antenna if you still wanna watch the news.
Everyone getting offended on this thread that’s on reefa
Why does it look like this dog has tiny tiny hands as feet instead of paws
Screw TV. You can get 5 different streaming platforms for less than $40 a month. I have Hulu, Netflix, Disney, HBO, Prime, and I also use Crackle (free). I never miss tv. And I only have internet though xfinity (I’m a gamer and have no issues with WiFi) and I pay $50 a month (they have a deal where they charge less when you have it on automatic pay)
Sounds like a glorified creative mode. Either way I’m cool with it
Mother fuckers really never watched spongebob smfh
**”At a fundraiser in NYC, Andrew Yang tells supporters that Dave Chapelle will be doing two Yang Gang shoes for the campaign in South Carolina”** - @bfmitchell via Twitter
This has happened a lot, she takes periods of time offline, she is more than likely fine
I didn’t even notice that!! She must have to carry a wheelbarrow around at all times.
Wait, really? From start of challenge to end? Holy hell that is insane.
They locked up in that house so I guess it’s no shock all they do is work out like people in prison haha.
That’s called a shitty friend everyone.
Well it seems that he made it worse instead of help haha
I’m betting you all three of these dipshits lost their job.. there is no way this company hasn’t heard of this incident yet.
If that was the case hopefully he wasn’t passed out on his back..
By the second gulp I would be done
It usually takes a while to start to swell and really hurt
Rather deal with this stupid shit rather than a dangerous fight
Maybe it was released private for a short bit then made public? If that’s even a thing?
How do you not know what the police are going to do, they usually tell you..
Thank you for this review, it reinforced what I assumed after the first 5 minutes which prompted me to turn it the fuck off
“If only a poor doggo like myself could get up. Oh the horror.”
[This](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/M/MV5BMjEzODE1NDMxMF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNTIwODA3._V1_.jpg) is Randall for the uninformed.
They don’t just blindly assume you have a firearm wtf they don’t shoot at you unless you use your vehicle as a weapon in the get away, which is almost always the case in a traffic stop because the cop will try to get in the way or stop you, hitting the cop in the process.
Lost like 40lb
Fucking finally a music video that’s different - and this shit slaps
But then I could be like miles teller in that one movie
Jimmy Cochran, but the South Park version where he uses the Chewbacca Defense.
The *hmmm* is strong with this one
I’m now a pro skateboarder hell yeah
Fuck yeah that’s awesome
The first kingsman was goddamn amazing. The second one was 2/10.
Damn I ain’t even know y’all actually don’t like us like that lmao
Who are the culprits upvoting this garbage.
Hate to break it to *you*, but that is 100% enough cause to be arrested. If you walk up to a family member while they are sleeping and punch them in the face, they can call the cops and have you arrested for domestic assault. I’m sure they would have a mark on their face which would only help them in this case. I’ve seen enough LivePD videos to know this much with certainty. Not saying it’s fair in this instance, but it’s the law.
You had me in the first half...
I don’t know if I’d consider this *juggling* but it’s bad ass
No need to apologize mate!! 🤘🏼
I had those same lights in my basement for a year or two before they gave out. Those things were awesome, I love the way they drip down.
I hate I hate I hate why not show me how it turns out
My dogs name is Bella-Ciao! I love your name!
I thought he was moving to twitch
There is a new sub called watchpeoplebenomore that is literally the same sub as watchpeopledie
this sub has really grown from cringe to just quality tip toks (cringe not excluded)
oh wow that must've been recent. can't say I didn't see that coming lol
So much negativity in these posts. Sorry nobody you watch on tv has tattoos to any of your likings. Please, complain about it more.
In japan, it’s getting trained.
Japanese get trained.
How do people not get this? There is next to nothing to even understand..
I use a magnetic heat mixer with the little magnets made for mixing liquid... I must recommend it. its a god send
I am **WAAAAAY** too claustrophobic
I was about to say the same thing.. even grabbed the [link](https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=uiPIp_1578145738&amp;utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
Man I’m curious
Mike has been on and he’s sub par at best imo. Coral... what? Why? Devyn would kill it! Her enthusiasm is contagious.
Yeah that’s where I’m at as well
Sick video wow
very well put. couldn't agree more
Its hard not to identify with Rio
What is the thought process behind wearing shorts that damn near hit your ankles I don’t even care about that other shit as far as I’m concerned it’s cool as hell But them shorts...
The irony in this lol
Soon you’ll wake up and there will only be 98% of us left.
some the fun has got to have gone away after thousands of hours playing the same game - but still what they're doing is amazing
I just want a house a nice short picket fence around that whole mother fucker
The suffocation aspect I believe is fueled not by running out of oxygen inside the bag, but the thought of breathing the bag inside your mouth and then panicking and choking on it. This idea is much more sane when thinking of a plastic grocery bag on your head... which this is not.
Was that a huge ass roll of m80s in his hands??
Anyone who thought Tay-K was coming home soon is mental. He committed a murder and a ton of other shit in the 1 out of 50 states that has a reputation for *reaaallllly* punishing people in the court system.
6 seconds kills me
I remember watching an interview on the guy who claimed he threw the cup, then he demonstrated how he did it and it was amazing &amp;#x200B; edit: [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APA66rCggbw) it is
Oh shit yeah I just corrected it thanks
9/10 Need calmer lights and 24x more candles
His recent Netflix specials are a must-see
Thad Castle is my soul animal
It’s college toilet humor, but god is it fucking funny
I mean.. our government doesn’t own the hospitals. I get that America is fucked, but I don’t know if this comparison is that valid
I thought I’ve just been switching weapons too fast after my shot..... This makes sense as it doesn’t happen to any other gun ever. Man fuck pumps.
Juul is reaching all ages
Man why you gotta go straight for my feelings like that
Anything that Keem touches, his shit audience follows. These trash troll posts are evidence of that.
He is who I want to be
I got that album in vinyl and hung it up in my living room last week!! One of my all time favorites 🤘🏼
Damn they tased that girl so fast
Here’s some good news: 170k was raised for these two students.
My only liked TikTok is from him. It hits you in the fucking heart. Man this is sad. Edit: [here it is..](https://vm.tiktok.com/ERkjX7/) Unfortunately, it’s way to relevant to this situation. Fuck I’m sad.
So many subs are just echo chambers of ignorance
Hopefully it is!! Also their is an app specifically for lost pets! Maybe post on that as well!
I am not even aware of some Asian cop storyline going on! That reminds me of Daniel Holtzclaw.... a half Asian cop that (I strongly believe) was wrongly imprisoned for his entire life. (I don’t think him being Asian played into this case though)
It’s a nice sentiment, but there’s so much bloodshed and history there ain’t no way somethin like that gonna happen. Not one race can come together, let alone multiple.
Well, I guess on every basis as there is not one piece of evidence this him to any crime. The only piece of evidence (portrayed falsely to the jury) was skin touch DNA found on Holtzclaw’s pants. [Here](https://youtu.be/I5-dI74zxPg) is a video showing how easy it is for your DNA to spread. When it was told to the jury, the prosecutors said it was VAGINAL WALL DNA (proved to be a lie) and that was the “smoking gun” that convicted Holtzclaw. Also... there is **on video** one victim who, after giving her official victim statement and thinking the recording was over, says to the cop, *“Well, even if he didn’t rape anybody, he’s still like, out there arresting people”*... Mind you she JUST gave an official statement accusing him of rape. There is a reason many qualified people, including the founder of The Innocence Project, believe in his innocence. You linking his Wikipedia page is the least credible thing you could have done. I have spent **dozens** of hours listening to and researching this case. **I am looking past the headlines**. If you get bored, check out the Brian Bates podcast, he goes over transcripts and court documents thoroughly on this trial, without omitting any information, so we can form our own opinion. Have a good day.
Bro I learned everything BUT rock to fakie hahaha rolling backwards on a quarterpipe scares the shit out of me
Thanks. I more than understand why people are hesitant to give it a chance. It’s an overwhelming amount of accusations/accusers. And the fact that Malkin’s name is attached doesn’t help.. lol That case, and The Rodney Reed case have rattled my brain for hundreds of hours (if you’re curious about my other wrongly-imprisoned theory) although The Rodney Reed case is much more “infamous” and has more supporters.
You gotta be pretty cynical to not see what he is saying
Dude I’m sorry this happened, I do hope you make an initiative to at the minimum file a complaint on this officer. If everyone did this, it would be at least a little easier to hold shitty cops accountable.
I’ve heard about so many friends/coworkers getting arrested, and none of them are violent or went there to riot.
No
Bitch basically rick rolled me
Hunter is a beast and he comes in ready to take out any heavy hitters *from the start*, so that’s why I wanna see him lol Although I’d love to see Cara or Turbo since they are top competitors. Gus is as well but he is just so nice I don’t think he would add much drama(=value) to the show. Davonne adds great commentary, but I personally wouldn’t look forward to see her perform in any challenges. Natalie proved herself to be an athlete *and* to be somewhat manipulative, so although I’m not a fan of hers it would be interesting if she was ever brought back imo.
Shit when did Ebola come back
What people don’t understand unless you’ve actually been out there, is that you can be arrested for not doing jack shit but being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
You deserve a medal. Sorry I don’t have one to fight you
I haven’t used these apps in a while, but.. is it not a bit meaningless to match with people who you don’t intend on talking to? I don’t understand what curiosity could be behind it. Not trying to be rude.
Haha yes totally understandable. When I read “*I always swipe right out of curiosity*” for some reason I thought that meant you *only* swiped right haha
Regardless of what anyone else has to say, thank you for actually taking the time to make an initiative.
Bitches come from Jupiter because they...
Nah a real g would just go back with a weed eater
LETS GO WES!!!!
Wes is not as smart as I thought he was if he was willing to go against johnny in this carnival game (unless he wins and next weeks red skull would be iffy or sumn idk) Edit: yup, Wes has proven once again he is not as smart as younger me always thought he was. This was just a **dumb dumb dumb** move, no other way to look at it. Man, I used to think he was the smartest player ever.... Damn Wes, why you gotta let me down like that. Gotta re-evaluate everything smh
Dude you need that visible at all times!
Hahaha yeah a bit difficult
Thanks for playing music to help me sleep. Have screenshot red and will definitely follow you int he morning!! Goodnight everyone
I’ve never wanted to just drive over an entire group of police until this very second
You think they would keep a database so they can record how many times an officer “accidentally” killed someone, like in this case.
What did trump do this time
Ah you cheeky bastard. I love it.
This is now what OP has to say whenever someone brings up Kenny being squished
This is the answer I came looking for
None of them
I haven’t seen someone as entitled as Bayleigh since Camila Nobody complained more or threw bigger fits than Camila whenever she got voted in and that’s a fact Edit: 🤷‍♂️
I’m not saying this happens at all, but I’m just imagining a really drunk woman wobbling out to wait for her Uber, and just getting spooked by a pole or something and start yelling and running away
I think I just saw him flex a picture of three super cars Edit: [yes](https://www.instagram.com/p/CAvcS1DJHSG/?igshid=143hyvawkuibm)
Reminds me how I got banned from r/racism for my comment, “you can’t fight racism with more racism”.
Or lighter fluid - at least in Mexico from a video I saw earlier today
A millionaire looting stores is despicable and inexcusable. So happy he got charged. I know somehow I am going to get hate for this next statement, but we can all agree that every race was out there looting and contributing to this mayhem. I always see blatant racist comments about black or white people on this sub, and it’s upsetting to see people think like that.
It is only legal if the driver didn’t do it on purpose.... You really think they’re gonna allow people to purposefully run over others in their vehicles?
So many people in these comments are so quick to dismiss these girls actions because they are teenagers. People are responsible for their actions. I did dumb shit as a kid - maybe more drug related - but I always had more sense in me than to laugh at/post something like this.
I definitely felt some Angels &amp; Airwaves vibes with the intro, especially at 0:40 - 0:42 Great music!
These girls thought it was so funny, they recorded and posted it to Snapchat, saved the video, and then went to post on TilTok. Gotta get them views I guess.
This reminds me when I had just got off a long shift at work, and saw someone with jumper cables broke down on the side of the road. I stop by, it’s obvious the man doesn’t even know where to attach the jumper cables, but whatever no biggie. I hit the gas a bit and tell him to stop trying the engine for a couple minutes. It finally starts and is fine, he is happy and I am taking the cables off to give back to him. This man turns his car off to open his trunk with his keyfob and put the cables back in. I was too tired from work and I just left before he could realize what he did.
So who’s it taste
Wow, thank you for agreeing! I saw a couple downvotes and I thought “ah man here we go” but looks like I was too quick to judge. Super happy to see the response so far!
Best username ever
10/10 will watch again
Let’s not forget this was after they made an official statement - saying the man fell. This is ONLY because of the MAJOR backlash, with major celebrities retweeting it and such. Still, justice is only seen when we MAKE them.
It could be water. It could be lighter fluid. It could be piss. It could be acid. If you think every cop should expect and treat anytime a liquid is getting sprayed on them that it is always water, I promise you that would get abused. I replied to a comment where someone stated, “**there are people crazy enough in this world to use bleach**” which is true whether you like it or not. There are people crazy enough to put piss or whatever else in it, you’re just coming in with preconceived notions of what I meant with my comment.
I’ll break it down for you: 1. Person says people **in the world** are crazy enough to use bleach 2. I state how I agree, and how I saw a video in Mexico of someone using lighter fluid on an officer, once again I said **in Mexico**. The context behind this video, behind *any* videos, does not matter. We are very clearly not talking about what these kids are doing, but talking about **what happens in the world**. I didn’t infer these kids had shit, but that **it is possible**. You probably still don’t understand and think that I’m accusing these kids of possibly brining something other than water, which nobody ever did.
Man... Do you really not understand there is a difference between replying to someone’s comment, and making a statement on a video? Also, look at my most recent comment that is not on this thread... I am clearly not a boot kicker
Way to deflect buddy Edit: I will edit out all the hurtful words for you, so you can focus on the actual points. That’s actually a constructive lesson for me, so thank you.
Hey, I edited out everything that could be insulting. That is not what I want. **I have responded to every point you made and never deflected.** If I could point something out that is “wrong with people” on the internet - not just the people in our country - is that they are quick to deflect when they disagree instead of face the issue head on. You are focused on an insult rather than the actual issue we were debating. This is not constructive, but hey, I learned not to add insults when I’m upset because the other person will just focus on that rather than my actual point. We clearly aren’t getting anywhere, I’m gonna get on with my day.
There was a gofundme They updated and passed their limit and then said don’t donate and to donate to other causes
What’s it like being racist? What goes through your head when you go to a city and see a random black person?
I randomly came across this album a couple days ago and it is easily top 5 favorite albums of all time. I can’t believe how long I’ve gone without hearing pat the bunny
A wannabe journalist is taking advantage of this shit situation by faking a news story that she is helping a business with the riots for social media. In the midst of social media influencers taking pictures at protests and photoshopping signs in their hands or showing up just to take a picture and then leaving or people like Jake Paul... people are really just outraged at social media influencers right now.
I mean they may use that caption, but 99% of the people that use that caption aren’t considered “social media influencers”. Social Media Influencers generally have a large audience and their content is surrounded by what what gets the most likes/views. And once you get big enough you can start product marketing and shit.
Wow. What a great response. Never thought of euthanasia like that, so thanks for that perspective.
Here is your, **”I’m A Privileged Dickhead”** award. Clearly you don’t care as much about this problem as the people like myself who are out here protesting. But calling someone “stupid”, especially right after the fucking died... just fuck you.
Dude, leave that sad fucker alone. You are beating a dead horse. I will stay protesting. Many cops, including the cops who shoved that old man to the ground the other day who split his head open, are not held accountable unless we protest and make sure so. Leave dumbfuck420 with every answer to the world alone.
Wow, haven’t heard of Valencia since I was like 13!!! Thank you!!!!
fuck that fat chick and the person who took that picture.
I have always been in love with the name Josie because of this song. That, and also because I have not met anyone to ever ruin/alter my perception of that name. It is on the top of my list of daughter names. (The top boy name is [Luka](https://youtu.be/VZt7J0iaUD0)..)
Yes. Just yes. Tell her I said thank you.
Holy shit I never knew that was a thing (9tail$) It just makes me wonder if it was a coincidence or if it was just *heavily influenced*. Same thought as Lil BoWeep.
It is so sad that because of mistaken identity, social media dragged two different people’s identity through the fucking dirt, all because they resembled this man and people rushed to think they was this man. I am guilty of seeing some tweets/posts and thinking some armchair detectives were right. I will ALWAYS think twice after that.
Tell my dad to take my savings and invest in bitcoin
You think the hundred of thousands of protestors are out there *every day* because... PR? The social media influencers who are using the protests for internet clout have been getting FLAMED online. People have been fired because if it.. so you are very clearly wrong. Honestly, why do you think every person in the world is so cynical? Or is it just a few bad apples spoil the bunch?
*”because blacks decided to destroy some towns”* Why couldn’t you just say protest. Why pick out a specific race when all races were rioting. Why do you have to be a bigot. **Edit: all racists feel free to join with other fellow racists below**
Damn the bigots are coming out.
Lmao what fucking bullies did y’all grow up with
Bigots stick together. I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if you didn’t know what that word means. Bigots are not the brightest.
There are so many racists in these comments. It just takes a few to give the rest the confidence to comment I guess 🤷‍♂️
If only any of these racist bigots would give this any real thought
It’s like you people aren’t ignorant enough.. a competition of who’s the biggest bigot in these replies lmao letsgoooo
Bigots are too stupid to realize how news companies post things and word things to fit a certain narrative and to cause certain controversy. But that sentence was probably too complex for any bigots anyways. Too many big words.
It is racist because the looters weren’t all black. Many were Hispanic and some were Asian and White. White privilege is the reason none of y’all understand why it is completely fucked up to say shit like “*blacks burned down their towns*” **Edit: [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/riotporn/comments/gyi6v8/riots_2020_ep_1/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf) is a video of 2020 rioting - I fucking love how many were white hahahah you racist idiots**
It is racist because the looters weren’t all black. Many were Hispanic and some were Asian and White. White privilege is the reason none of y’all understand why it is completely fucked up to say shit like “*blacks burned down their towns*”. But y’all are the type to not recognize White privilege. So idk why I’m trying.
You have dodged every single thing I have typed ffs. I get it, I get news companies post things and word things certain ways to cause controversy and to profit over that. That is nothing new and *that is besides the point*. I’m still going to reply to bigot comments and give my thoughts on it. Adios.
Nobody actually said it’s white people’s fault. You are arguing with a tweet from a news company and acting like it’s what people actually stand for. News companies stand to stir this controversy. The people trying to move forward will be out here protesting for positive change. The people trying to move backwards will either be rioting or will be inside bitching about the .05% that were rioting.
I agree with a lot of shit here, but I speak up sometimes when I don’t because I don’t believe in echo chambers of ignorance. If anyone thinks majority of looters are black, I ask you to just watch a complication video of 2020 riots. I am sure nobody did that, and just rushed to the assumption “**the blacks looted!! It was all the blacks!!**” - and why did y’all rush to that assumption.? Well ..... Edit: I love how the argument is, *”well other subs are bigger piece of shits than us!*” hahahahahaha
There it is
Prednisone worked for me when I developed asthma and before I could get a prescription. Although back then it was easier to get.
Oh wow I didn’t know that!
Fucking thank you thank you thank you. I love sewerperson, but 9tails will go down as top 3 all time artists. Damn this makes me happy, can’t believe I haven’t heard of these
You’re a saint!
She was always one of my favorites.
My controller does this:( didn’t know this was common
A month ago people would have been livid if there was 40 people right next to each other. Man do priorities change.
This video was sick. Really commenting so I can see my flair.
The person taking advantage, accused someone else of taking advantage. The hypocrisy with these people.
Damn this is great. Side note: this guys makes killer YouTube videos about other weird youtubers. Good stuff! His name is GamerFromMars
The women look like they really had no idea what to do lmao
A
Seriously it pissed me off
That’s pretty comical it was while she was eating out at a restaurant lol Edit: damn why all y’all downvoting, he agreed with the post, told a story about his wife and him correcting her behavior, and that’s that.
Shiiiit I’ll take a tac over a pump since a quarter my shots don’t go through lol
You seem fun at parties
Wow. What a god damn saint.
Her personal IG was never deleted, but it’s private (https://instagram.com/iiichisa?igshid=1s0un9sdoabhk) Sourced from her twitch. Not sure if it’s active.
Not all of her social media accounts. Her personal IG and Patreon are not deleted.
Not all of them
M
I couldn’t stop laughing the entire video
Although I don’t see scarce doing anything on this, I think this is totally something GamerFromMars would dive into!
When they released the video looking for the guy, people heavily speculated it was one of two people. Those two people (one was a retired sheriff) had their names dragged through the dirt because some armchair detectives thought they were doing the *right thing*... It was neither of those men.
The false accusation tweets that had thousands of likes/retweets were deleted, but [here](https://twitter.com/robmatal/status/1269075986978496512?s=21) is a tweet about the situation, replying to the twitter account that released the video looking for the man. One tweet took a Facebook profile picture and compared the watch on the picture to the guy on the video (way too blurry to compare) and thought for certain it was one of them. Some people..
Sure, that’s one way to look at it. They will most definitely be fine since they caught the actual guy. But I wouldn’t want my social media platforms getting flooded with hate and having that crime attached to my name - all because some armchair detectives thought about posting their accusations for social media points rather than just phone the police. I’m not trying to diminish the effort people are doing to find the criminal, but there are ways to do it that don’t involve dragging innocent peoples name through the dirt.
People, especially cops, deserve to be held accountable to their crimes. However, I do not think that includes holding them accountable to other people’s crimes. His past does not give us a proper reason to publicly shame him for this. That’s **exactly** what white racists do when they talk about George Floyd’s past. I fucking hate it. People can change, nobody deserves to have that hung over their head their entire life. **Edit: I’m wrong, fuck that sheriff**
No, it was: The *right thing* would be to **take that information to the police**, and not post your *accusations* for social media.
Okay well you are sounding pretty damn right lol. I originally gave the sheriff the benefit of the doubt that he wasn’t a piece of shit abusing the system and never looked into how actually bad his past is.
This is exactly why I included that bit about George Floyd. I do recognize it happens MUCH more to POC and it is despicable. However, the “they’ll get over it” mentality is toxic. Nobodies sufferings justify another’s suffering.
While I understand the reasoning behind *”words do not warrant assault”*, I just wholeheartedly disagree.
But, this is how they read it: “Hey if y’all wouldn’t mind leaving your flag *that represents nothing but southern heritage pride*... that’d be great.”
That looks killer!
Wow, I liked the original video waaay more
Do they actually know each other though
8 ft into a 12 ft! We got that same set up where I’m at! Nice bro!
Nah, the last person eliminated was wes, by bananas. It’s up to date.
It’s up to date with the latest episode. Does not spoil anything if you’ve been watching it up to date.
Well I just went and searched for some sexual offenders near me. While I am very glad there are none in my or any surrounding neighborhoods, not too far there is one house where 4 people that lives there are all sexual offenders.......
Yeah that would make sense
Especially with the massive amount of COVID deaths and the stories on morgues running out of space, I don’t find this too unlikely.
There are so many r/fragilewhiteredditor’s here, its too funny
Yup, thats meth alright
Shit we need her shakin her ass on a float for these protests. This how you fix racism.
So are all AF in WMAF relationships ‘brainwashed’?
This is exactly why I have my super cracked old iPhone 6 next to all my living room remotes. Got to AirPlay on a device because I am always watching movies from third party sites? Boom.
I agree, I’ve corrected a few people on here trying to save their comments lol
I remember a year or so ago when I read about how 21 been hanging out with “real” rich people, and one thing he started because of that was to stop wearing jewelry.
They been watching too many movies. Not how the real world is.
Damn, if British comedy is in trouble... Australians Comedy is *really* fucked
Could not agree more. I am so happy MGK is showing just how much pop punk influenced him!
Gotchya, thank you!
Jonah From Tonga &amp; Angry Boys are my favorite things that Chris Lilley did. They are so great, but would not fly nowadays (using words like fags) He is an Australian comedy legend.
I have one for my dog. It’s like a small box.
This video was made public way before this press conference. Sounds like they just don’t care there is other video footage.
yeah he is definitely an acquired taste hahaha
Fuck them. I’ll enjoy sitting on my back deck looking at all the trees thinking of these fools sitting in that sad place.
So glad to see this correction and the upvote disparity. Not to down in the other guy, but this reply was needed! It’s so true!
They didn’t cancel all future broadway plays because of COVID? Definitely unexpected. I work in the movie industry and I know how strict it all is. If it wasn’t for unemployment giving me $900/week I would be absolutely fucked.
Oh fuck that music video hit me in the feels. Haven’t seen it in years but I remember how it made me feel like it was yesterday.
Holyyytty shiiiiiiit it’s gonna be the craziest go skate day ever
Holy hell you are an actual saint.
I’ve always thought my spirit animal was a lion, then I got a goldendoodle.. she **is 100% my spirit animal**. What’s yours?
I remember I used to hate all pit bulls because I was one of those people that just assumed they were all evil (partly because that’s what my parents/news taught me lol) then I went to my friends house who had two pit bulls and my opinions on them flipped. So freaking adorable
$confirm !!!! I can’t wait to post a picture!!! Thank you!!!!
There is another incident posted on twitter too lol
What the playstation controller is capable of because of the gyro thing is pretty insane
Why they stop recording when the white boys finally fuckin hit back hahah I was waitin for one of them to pull out some wrestling moves and slam his ass
Ahhh true
Someone should have added the Air Force logo at the end
Shit needs to be longer I was goin off with my freestyle
Yeah those white boys were really bullying that man hahahahaha man took like 5 swings at everybody before anyone did shit back, they lucky he wasn’t 50lbs bigger or that woulda been a few free knock outs lmao
I’ve already cracked an egg with two yolks, this is next on the list.
If your organization is based on perpetuating racist ideology, **how is it not terrorism?** I genuinely do not understand how the government can look at the KKK and not call them a terrorist group.
I thought this ukelele shit fell off a year ago tbh lol
I want to reply with All Lives Matter, since that’s what I believe, but white ignorant racists have turned that into meaning “Fuck BLM”. Joyner Lucas said it best: “*I don't really like you white motherfuckers, that's just where I'm at, Screaming "All Lives Matter" Is a protest to my protest, what kind of shit is that?*”
Johnny Hobo and The Freight Trains - Wagon Wheel
R
It’s my understanding that all fees associated with school are paid for (or not paid for?) by the school.
Thanks I hate it
Considering the only image available for it says “thesportsmemery” on it, I’m fairly sure it’s fake
I pray I don’t ever need this. Too many coins.
Wait, was this the 16 year old I was just reading about, who moved to Mexico from North Carolina to pursue his soccer dream and got shot/killed by a cop that mistook him for a criminal and planted a gun in his hand? Edit: it is :(
It’s being released digitally. Not in vinyl, cd, or anything else. You do have the ability to make a custom cd/vinyl whatever after you get the digital copy by third party companies.
I’m beyond stoked, I listen to his wagon wheel cover all the time
Oh yea!!
That’s sick!!!!!
[This](https://vm.tiktok.com/J1rEubE/) is another tiktok of him, hits you in the feels. I’m really glad he’s back. Hopefully the trolls leave him alone.
What in the fuck, this should have been on the mods radar by a LOOOONG shot. What the hell do you all do here?
sounds about right
**EU fucking shitters. I don’t know why y’all talk shit, y’all are actually also dogshit and braindead.**
!remindme 1 week Edit: fuck yeah
This is so fucking sick
I love cottontail now
omg it’s 2020 so now I think it means it’s better suck it
Spinach and feta cheesy bread!! It was amazing
I’ve never seen one of these look like a glitch
Wrong person bud I didn’t type that
and whatever you are can’t read lmao
Fuck that’s sad. He was put into a position where he couldn’t breathe and was left there until he died. How familiar.
One guy is screaming “DEESCALATE” like it’s a magic spell
You *do* realize that time is of the essence when it comes to an ambulance, right? I’ve seen enough people have trouble moving out of the way for an ambulance while driving, I can only imagine the problems they encounter while navigating through a traffic jam.
Wendy’s security camera shows the suspect, after resisting a justified arrest and stealing a cops taser, **firing the taser in the direction of the officer**. It was immediately followed by gunshots, as officer has his gun out since his taser was just stolen. I honestly don’t know what people would expect the cop do in this situation besides what happened, and I have yet to read one valid criticism. **Edit for guy who deleted his comment**: The suspect grabbed the taser and fired the taser at the officer.. In your scenario, the officer should *let* the suspect tase him, and just *hope* that the only other cop there isn’t knocked out on the ground behind him where they all just had a scuffle. If he didn’t fire the taser, I truly do not believe he would have gotten shot. It was an instant reaction from the cop.
That response is a terrible cop out. You are ignoring the fact that the taser was deployed towards the cop (which could lead to cop being incapacitated and then having his firearm stolen, **I believe if the suspect didn’t fire the taser the cop wouldn’t have shot**, it was a valid reaction) Also, a cop can not let a belligerent drunk suspect run around with a cops taser. A taser may not kill you itself, but can very easily lead to deadly situations, especially out in traffic where people are driving and in the hands of a visibly drunk dude.
It’s almost like you don’t understand **time is of the essence** when it comes to ambulances. Guess what would happen if ambulances had to avoid interstates? *It would take longer*. You’d be singing a different tune if it was a family member in that ambulance. **Edit: since everyone is stuck on ambulances, pretend I said “emergency”.** Yall are so hung up on ambulances you’re completely avoiding the whole point.
I have spent countless days in the sun protesting for police brutality and blm, and I will continue to. I don’t think a bunch of uninformed/angry people shutting down the interstate to protest a murder *where a man stole a cops taser and fired it at the cop* is truly helping the movement.
I remember when this happened and there was definitely evidence of it being deleted online. I don’t care enough to search but thought I’d throw in my two cents.
I respect that perspective. Preach brother.
You know what, fuck ambulances, just replace that with “emergency” because everyone is so hung up on ambulances. Y’all are trying sooo hard to discredit the **possibility** of these protestors blocking an emergency. Ridiculous.
That’s the silver lining I am trying to focus on. Change has to come if all this shit is happening, right?
I was right there with you, but I have since leaned toward the side of “they can’t let this drunk guy run off with a taser” BUT there are times when officers are called off on car chase pursuits. So I’m still conflicted.
The narrative that has spun off from this is insane, if it wasn’t for the security camera footage than this cop would be in prison no question.
*“Here’s a piece of meat”* - Marie
I really wanted to see someone tap that and then speed tf up
It’s not a sarcastic comment, the guy who made the comment replied saying he is being serious
Next court date in less than a month https://inmatelocator.ccsheriff.org/InmateLocator/Details (Luis Castejon)
It was pretty neat. I just woke up and recorded part of a movie with my phone and posted it to reddit. Thought it would get like 5 upvotes. I showed my friend that used reddit the next day and he was like, “BRO THAT WAS YOU?!??” Hahaha
I could care less about the band aid tan line. This is talent.
Is this brand new information? A quick google search yielded different results. *“How long does the coronavirus live on different materials?* *Depending on the surface, the virus can live on surfaces for a few hours or up to several days. The new coronavirus seems to be able to survive the longest on plastic and stainless steel — potentially as long as three days on these surfaces. It can also live on cardboard for up to 24 hours.”*
Wasn’t invented yet
Just wanted to jump in and say, **getting an extra gigs is not rare or hard** unless you have very specific things about you (you’re in a wheelchair, you’re hair is purple, etc). You can easily *make* this your job if you 1. Live in the right area 2. Learn the right channels to go through 3. Give real effort (this is way more work than a 9-5 which a lot of people don’t understand). I was an extra for over a year, working 5ish days a week. I eventually made enough contacts and now I’ve been working in the prop dept for over 5 years! I literally started to make 5x more hourly. Unreal.
*“1. Live in the right area”*
replying so you can see my other detailed reply!
replying so you can see my other detailed reply!
Yup!
Glass half full attitude, refreshing!! I love it!
I’m cracking up at this comment hahaha I’m gonna remember this one
Thank you for sharing this
Well, more likely to avoid the *consequences* of sinning.
Sadly I have absolutely no idea. Atlanta’s film scene just started to pop off when I graduated high school and I just fell in, i don’t know much about any other places.
Man I got mad respect for your outlook on life. I’m working my way there and this is inspiring!
2 weeks or 2 months? I remember seeing one but it was a while ago.
During these times, that makes complete sense. Not to say Drew’s life mattered any less. I added his name to my sign of lives lost from police brutality caught on video where the officer(s) wasn’t punished - or at least to any reasonable extent. Philando Castile, Eric Garner, Breonna Taylor, John Crawford III, Willie McCoy, Sean Monterrosa, Maurice Gordon, Daniel Shaver, Drew Edwards
*“Who is more to blame for his death, the police or he himself”* You’re right, we all do know the answer to this question. Every person here except you. You don’t have any information we don’t know about, we see all the context and everything that led up to it. People like you are EXACTLY why we are all out protesting.
Lmao dude you replied to a comment where I included both of those names *“Floyd gets all the attention because he’s black”* There’s obviously a much deeper problem that’s being addressed with Floyd, and simplifying it down like that is just wrong. You clearly don’t care what my comment said, and just wanted to post your little comment about how blacks get more attention that whites. FOH.
Oh I’ve never heard that name before. I’m about to look into that and most likely add a name to the sign. I might need to a new one, too many names Thank you!
Wow, how cool. Thanks for finding all this and taking the time to post it!
The film community is a lot smaller than it seems, so once I was working regularly as an extra, I wold recognize people on set and have small conversations with them. Worked up friendships and made it known I wanted to jump into crew. I originally got work as craft services (kind of like a glorified snack dept). I worked craftee for a couple years, and once you’re on set you’re pretty touch a family. Told people in props I was interested in making the jump, someone tried me out, and it’s been smooth sailing since! I actually got to come back on the walking dead working props. It was so surreal, I used to be a zombie and a season later I’m loading and handing out the guns used to kill the zombies!
Oh wow, thank you for sharing his name
Yeah but none of us go to Hardee’s
Dude I wish I had gold or something this is such a gold fucking comment
Thanks!!
I haven’t watched more than a couple episodes of the first season when it first came out
Thank you. I’m going to search his name now.
I am going to have to respectfully disagree. And I am not arguing your intent. I also agree, All Lives Matter. But it seems to me that term has been heavily used by certain groups to discredit BLM. BLM doesn’t mean any other lives don’t matter, but wants to focus on the police brutality and racism they face **on top** of everything else. Joyner Lucas broke it down in a way I thought was interesting on his song I’m Not Racist](https://youtu.be/43gm3CJePn0): *”Screaming All Lives Matter Is a protest to my protest, what kind of shit is that?”*
Yup. IATSE When I joined it was cheap and no hassle... oh how things have changed
That’s just it... it happens to everyone... and then POC have to deal with just a bit more than us. That part we may disagree on, but it’s what I believe.
You always gotta try things more than once mate
If I sat behind them, I PROMISE I would make sure to order two drinks, 1 for me and 1 for me to “accidentally” spill on the lady while getting up. It’s going on her face.
Homie fell down earlier so hard he didn’t even go down, just splat and all his items appeared
Even with this.... someone scamming or getting ahold of an account to scam is no internet mystery. Like just because you have a question, that doesn’t make it material for this sub.
I have a black doodle that looks just like that! Also have an orange cat who is about 10x bigger.
Probably because the girl started to make some type of noise after that slam lol
I thought that was a stingray at first
Well then I want a torch. I will flex so hard on your puny lighter.
At first I didn’t like her because she was waaay to confident, but she has since backed it up and I have since fallen in love with queen killa kam
r/oddlyhorrifying
I have that on my back deck, it doesn’t have pellets.
That’s actually exactly what’s on the underside. It’s a rubber material that doesn’t move much
If y’all think this is bad, y’all would hate my house (not that I have that inside, just *lots* of plants)
I have never seen any fake grass without a rubberized bottom. Must be rare. Also, I’ve had fake grass on my back deck for over a year and it still looks great. Sees all types of weather as well Edit: love how y’all disregard the “weather” aspect like its nbd. Why you want to talk so much shit on fake grass when you all very clearly don’t know what you’re talking about 🤷‍♂️
You mean.... not all cops are pieces of shit?? *gasp*
I have this vinyl framed to my wall 🤘🏼[(here)](https://imgur.com/gallery/cao9Zzb)
I can not tell you the amount of times in arena where we would leave slurpy in a boat after looting while the storm is coming in, and people try to beam us from a hill or wherever on the way to the circle. Every time we just waste a bit of mats and laugh because within seconds they are all stuck in the storm. Fuck storm campers.
There needs to be a sub for LHOHQ! There is so much going on in there
That’s weirdly confusing
Every time I see one in the sky they just rise until they glitch out of my sight I hate them
I am so excited for this!! I can comfortably throw down $20 and will **GLADLY**. God I am so excited.
Say no more friend :) I will send a pm, lets see if I can figure this shit out. Sorry if it takes a minute I’m getting my car fixed
$gave u/danielinsomanywords $15 for some fire pizza
No sorry needed friend
$update only gave $15
Wooooow I was literally saying this out loud as I finished the video and was opening the comments. Word for word.
The man in control of our military. Cool.
Someone I am friends with tweeted this shit and said this will happen more and more they are all for it. The fucking ignorance.
Wasn’t even talking to me, I just don’t understand how you think you’re going get your point across when you speak like that.
To me, this was an obviously justified shooting. But after the first 12 shots, when he is very clearly incapacitated on the ground, there is a split second of no shots, followed by 3 more bullets put in him. I understand the cops have a family to go home to, and that man was likely on a suicide-by-cop mission, but doesn’t it still seem unreasonable to put those extra bullets in his back? I see one commentor getting downvoted to oblivion for having this thought, but wording it so terribly. I feel like it is most definitely worth discussing, but it seems nobody wants to discuss it. Just shrug it off and move on.
I don’t believe this addresses my point, but maybe I’m missing it. Are you saying they absolutely had to make sure he was dead, because he presumably still had the weapon in his hand after he hit the ground? My issue is the three shots that were *after* the initial 12 that put him on the ground and most likely killed him.
Okay, so my initial thought was correct, you are saying the police *did* absolutely make sure to kill him, to ensure he was no longer a threat. I’m not trying to be rude, but I’m also not trying to beat around the bush. If the officers were shooting to absolutely kill, than that’s what they did. The fact he advanced with a deadly weapon in itself is dangerous enough. I think we can agree shooting 15 bullets at somebody, especially from that distance, is shooting to kill. I think there is a very valid argument in whether those last three shots were actually justified, but it seems that right now it is just coming down to a matter of opinion as to whether he was “clearly incapacitated” or not. Either way I appreciate your perspective and the conversation.
Totally. I understand this. But now that seems to be a debate, whether their intention was to kill or just to make sure he was no longer a threat. Kind of tricky as they can be the same thing. I believe, like you said, they did not want a threat any longer and the suspect (after advancing) left them feeling they had no option but to *make* him not a threat. After he fell, he presumably still had the knife and therefor still presented a threat.
F
thank you so much for typing this. What Jordan said was DESPICABLE. Everybody jumping on Dee’s ass like she said some shit Jordan/Camila said. I wanna see every one going at Dee to go at Jordan with AT LEAST the same energy.
I would dead ass not be happy. Keep the fucking ice cream and let me go so some asshole doesn’t drive into me while I’m pulled over on the side of the road for no good reason.
I give it 8/10
I don’t blame them, but that just makes his act that much more amazing. Even if it didn’t work.
I work in film and have worked a lot on The Walking Dead...their zombie *dummies* look more real than this. The zombie dummies that just lay on the floor to be dead. I can’t even imagine this.
*”Dislikes: Look At Likes”* What does this mean? Did he like a bunch of anti-gay pages?
While I wish in life more people were like her, the **last thing** I want is for more challengers to be like her. I would have to stop watching this show because it would be waaay too boring. It really sucks they’re editing Dee out of existence because I wanna watch some drama. I know she is trying to play up the villain and is out yelling and causing drama. Sucks that us, the supporters/viewers, are the one paying the price.
I fucking love gokanaru
Jiggle helped me out to. What a fucking boss. What kind did you get??
Nice!!! With sausage? I got mine with pineapple!!
Ashely (Guy from UK) and Rogan have both said this about Josh, but in separate seasons. He talks *a lot* about how he’s not scared, and that just shows how much you *are* scared. I thought they were weirdly similar.
This. This. This. I hated Kam at first because of how cocky she was, but then she took out mercenaries and won hella eliminations. I went from hating her to absolutely loving her. Swaggy hasn’t done shit in the challenge.
Come on Bobby
The real thing they want to accomplish is to get casted again, meaning they really don’t want to go home early
This is a very weirdly specific accessory
Fucking RESPECT god damn we need this mindset more than ever, and that won’t change
Jiggle stays with the generosity
Why would people downvote this, I was searching for this exact comment:
“[You are just so retarded](https://youtu.be/fEDjx2NUtME)”
The very last line would say otherwise..
Lol it would still be interesting to know. Like if someone covered this on a video I’d like to see it. Edit: further comments say they were banned from the scrim, not Fortnite. See why context can be important? *Edit again*: fuck me, thanks OP
What is wrong with you. Yes I wanted to know how the eel tasted, that’s why I came down to search for that comment. Thats why the guy made the comment. That’s why the guy answered that question. Maybe it wasn’t worded perfectly, but you can’t speak for other people, especially *me*.
That was nice. The island would have been SOOOO much better if Abe stayed.
YEEEES I HAVE ALWAYS LOVED THIS SONG
80 under for $200, what a lowball.
Hey! You ever get that pizza?
Nice!!!
Nice, congrats!!
I’m sorry bro. I had a year of those. They would let me know at random times and I had 24 hours to find a place myself to produce results, and one time it was on a weekend and I had to drive an hour and a half away after calling dozens of places since it was the only one open.
That is sooo fucking rad. Awesome job.
Who gives a fuck if you got flipped off, I know your gay but grow a pair of nuts
As an American, I can agree
It seems to me like that would be a relevant point. Point being I don’t think a middle finger warrants you to stop what you’re doing and harass the other person back, but I think the “n word” is a sensitive topic especially nowadays Edit: you gon complain bout how nobody has looked at his IG prior to commenting when you did that too lmao this reddit, it’s time for others to do the detective work
That shit was like a movie. Way too surreal. I remember it was getting reuploaded like 5 times a minutes.
r/internetmysteries would like a word with you
chasing the *dragon, but this was a great read ;)
If this was ANY other sport, I’d be inclined to agree with you. But this sport just banned the confederate flag, knowing it is going to upset many fans. This isn’t a jussie smollet thing. That mf left the noose around his neck when the cops came. Y’all are really reaching.
Fucking well put mate
Have y’all seen the video of protesters toppling a statue and it hit a protestor on the head on the way down? Shit is dangerous. Edit: let me make clear I am not and do not condone praising the fact that the protestor got hit on the head
My brain can’t process what’s going on Edit: finally processed
I literally had no idea what I was looking at. A very confusing feeling. I know what a quarry is, but my brain saw that chunk pile and by the way they are shaped determined everything was about 1,000x smaller than it really is. I had to focus on the dust wave from that large ass rock fall to tell my brain that nothing was going in slow mo, which then told me brain that if it falls like that must be fuckin huge. Then I saw the excavator.
Holy shit [y’all weren’t kidding](https://www.reddit.com/r/KidsAreFuckingStupid/comments/hbs7er/kid_microwaves_his_phone_while_streaming_on_twitch/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf)
Holy fuck are they mad. I thought the protests here were serious.
“*A dress code printed on a piece of paper posted outside its new Baltimore venue, Choptank, listed the following items, among others, as STRICTLY PROHIBITED: “excessively baggy clothing,” “brimless headgear,” “backwards or sideways hats,” and jerseys*” That’s pretty fucking racist Edit: “bulbadobesaur” explained this pretty well, so please look at replies for why it can be seen as racist and not just pushing forward a stereotype, as I can not word it better than he/she did.
Racism is definitely not a new issue for this place “*A dress code printed on a piece of paper posted outside its new Baltimore venue, Choptank, listed the following items, among others, as STRICTLY PROHIBITED: “excessively baggy clothing,” “brimless headgear,” “backwards or sideways hats,” and jerseys*”
I got a kill just like that by throwing one of those jump pads at someone who opened up his box to let a drop in. Had to clip it.
How have I still not seen a comment about how the old guys isn’t actually Butters, but just an actor
Nah it’s just some guy paid to act like butters Edit: 🤷‍♂️ the truth hurts
It’s Griffin Gluck! I was actually the assistant propmaster on “middle school: the worst years of my life” and got to hang out with him and Thomas Barbusca (the other high schooler) every day for like 3-4 months. Those kids are fucking hilarious.
This is one of the best posts I’ve ever seen I love it
Those are probably just kangaroos since they pull the same shit today
Big names must be real happy with trump. Damn.
Damn
This is fucking great
I got Kenny’s south park hat, definitely can’t use that for anything lol
Yup, the last little paragraph seals the deal for how biased it is. I am well aware what the call was about, and I am well aware that these police are just as fucked for the murder as if he never had the gun in the room in the first place.
What a colossal dumbass.
The skateboarding culture in intoxicating. So many good people. Always had a bad rep, like there ar snitching but punks or druggies, but it is really consists of brotherhood and lifting each other up.
Dead ass thought that was zac efron full well knowing he is not a director
It’s like r/choosingbeggars on Opposite Day
Literally. 2 months is a long time, even a weekend is enough to expect a broken window - at least in the shit parts of atlanta I know of. Don’t ever park on the street if you can avoid it kids.
No fucking clue. This makes no sense.
I mean it makes sense as in it’s possible, but it doesn’t make sense as in there were like 7 other people who got shot at who could identify him and the timing of it was the morning after his dad got killed.
I honestly haven’t read too much into it either, what I just typed is the extent of what I can remember lol
I would have told my kids to get in the floor completely and I would have started running over mother fuckers. The last thing I would let happen is a bunch of meth heads swarm my car, especially with one guys hand in his jacket like he’s about to pull a gun out.
You’re not allowed to like 6ix9ine here. We all read article headlines that say he’s a gang member **and** a pedophile!! Boo 9ix6ine!
Well here’s a tip for the future: don’t get roommates. They will ruin your pots and pans, and it will be the least if your worries. Yes I have been hurt.
What exactly would that be lol
Oh yeah I heard jefree star had a make up thing called Lip Nazi. Not a good business decision lol
Search limit has been reached? Fuck outta here
I like to think after rewatching recent seasons that Zach has *started* to get better.... (less outburst I guess?) But believe me, I am team fuck douche Zach. I remember watching how Sam got treated in the REUNION after all the episodes were aired, and when she said that was only treated the was she was because she wasn’t a pretty girl like Ashley but gay and whatnot, and she got BOO’D... I was so fucking pissed. I still am. She was soooooo right in my opinion. Sorry for the rant lol.
Maybe not my favorite, but worth a mentioning - especially since I just rewatched it: **The friendship between Svetlana and Aneesa on The Duel** They were most definitely the odd ones out, and I think if you count every time each one of them got sent into eliminations, the number is 6. Svetlana and Aneesa ended up going against each other in the final elimination with Svetlana winning. They both played that game with such integrity, and it’s hard not to root for those people. I remember Annesa going against Diem in elimination and although I know it was a hard decision (especially after she told diem during the competing she want voting for her thinking Diem was going to win - which didn’t even make sense) it was either between Diem or Svet. It made **no** sense to go after Svet, especially after the way the house was targeting Aneesa and Svet. Diem was salty, which I half understood, and the other half I chalked it up to Diem and the was she just felt entitled a lot (she hadn’t seen an elimination that entire season) - I still fucking love her please don’t get me wrong **Edit: Just remembered when Svet beat Aneesa to send her home, TJ hands Svet the prize and she instantly hands the phone/prize to Aneesa. My heart melted. God I miss Svet.** Soooo happy I found a working google doc with all the links 😈
This album was soooo fire it’s insane. So consistent.
*Youre right, this is pop-metal core-punk with a hint of popabilly* It’s fucking pop punk
I guess my “*fucking*” made me seem super angry lol. Damn text. It’s just funny how wrong I think you are. You are entitled to your opinion forsure, and while I *get it*, I think my original comment in quotations summed up my thought on it perfectly
*”WELL I FIT THROUGH ALL OF EM SO THEY TOTTA BE THE SAME SIZE”*
I don’t know when you grew up, I have been to every skatepark in and around Atlanta and **none** of them are anything like what you describe. Yelling at kids and “locals” and shit... only seen that shit in movies about the 70s-80s skate scene. Get real.
TikTok would like a word with you.
Doesn’t count. Amanda is clearly the spawn of Satan.
Is that a dabber with casted plastic/material at the end? For $65 + fees? Is this like a brand name or is there something I’m missing?
That police episode where the boys become real cops was such a good episode. Bill Allen and Fosse McDonald played such good villains lmao
And someone in the crowd is yelling, “HE JUST NEEDS MILK! GET HIM SOME MILK!”
How did I never catch that!
Good luck finding a billionaire willing to do that
Hoooly shit. Someone tell Matt Stone and Trey Parker to make a kickstarter ASAP.
Thank you for explaining it!! She loves to stare at me like this, and I’m pretty sure my friends are sick of my Snapchat’s, so I think I will have more content!!
Black Golden Doodle!
Mans got to close and he went 0-100 😂
I feel for those people. I would have no sympathy for as ass trying to break into my car. I’m getting away however possible.
Get a bucket of water ASAP
Probably had a lot of trolls messaging him about hacking him and what not, got his ass scared
Coral’s voice is like nails on a chalkboard to me 🤷‍♂️
So if they were packaged a little better, this would make sense?
Did anyone else that that old man “whip it” 3 times like a fucking boss towards the end
He answers every single time this is posted, which is a lot. Man is an MMA **and** Reddit legend.
No pineapple pizza. 9/10.
BUT HOW WILL I KNOW IF THEY ARE GONNA PLAY SHADOW REVENGE LEGENDS 2 WHEN IT COMES OUT
Blake Webber is pretty good at those
