I'm glad we didn't make it. This season will be a win if we clean up some coaching issues. Rodgers carrying us to the playoffs has protected some jobs for a while now.
Yep, and it's an away game.
Our defense made a legit super bowl run impossible. This is a success.
Unfade us!!!
That'll teach you for having things near... people.
This has been a fantastic season if this is the result.
Sounds like the board didn't like how many people were making fun of his mouth open blank stare he gives. Well he has been doing that for decades. The other speech issues in interviews is a different story however. EDIT: MM in his press conference today denied the claims that the board instructed him to move TT.
Wow. What a start to the offseason.
But then didn't they like douse themselves with water and go through the sun to escape?
This episode really shows his range. From awkward nerd, to confident star fleet captain, to psychopath.
The numbers for the Wii game and the Xbox 360 game are a bit skewed because those are the games that came with the consoles. The 360 kinect version anyway. Same goes for the NES. Didn't that come with Mario/Duck Hunt with every console? Not saying that the game wouldn't have easily sold the most copies anyway.
This is why I am so glad we have the leadership we do in GB. Because they don't do what so many failing teams do. And that's do all these knee jerk reactions to things. Sure they could have been quicker with getting rid of Capers.
TV especially. None of the voters actually can keep up with that many shows. Then they get a DVD with a random episode for a studio pushing for a nomination for one of their actors. They don't know how the season build up to that point and how powerful their performance is to the over arching story line. So instead they vote for the characters they know and have been nominated before. And that's how modern family gets nominated almost every year when there are so many funnier shows that don't even get a look.
The board. 47 members strong I believe.
I can't see having anything over 4-5 seconds long. But having it be that short has never annoyed me or made me want to skip it.
Do you host it in your house? What kind of bandwidth does it use a month?
I thought we got to vote for the board?
Obvious why they dropped Max Landis. His expose on his sexual harassment and assault is currently being written but hasn't been published yet.
He's a good writer. But he is poison for a studio right now because of his looming sexual assault and harassment stuff that is about to drop.
Both of those have been on my Amazon wish list for years. Might have to splurge and get them for myself.
It works great for finishing off very weak characters hiding behind a shield. Or taking down an ulted Mercy. But other than that it's best for doing massive healing.
I'm confused. Why is my flair greyed out? Doesn't that happen right before the super bowl? All jokes aside. I am pretty pumped for this offseason already. New GM and DC is pretty exciting. Our defense has been a liability in the playoffs for a long time now. It was good enough to not shoot us in the foot on the way to the playoffs. But when facing playoff caliber QBs they would get eaten alive. And beating a team in the playoffs was usually because the opposing team changed up their gameplan or had terrible clock management.
Yup and we'd lose in the playoffs to a team with a good offense. Our defense has been a liability in the playoffs for years.
I think if somebody hasn't picked a character by match start, they should be kicked and the match cancelled. And then after that point if anybody leaves, the match continues. I've seen way too many times where the first team on defense has someone quit when the attackers take the point almost instantly and it cancels the match.
The Wii U basically needed to happen for the Switch to exist. It guided where they needed to focus their resources on. Wii U looked like a great idea. But you are tied to the main console attached to the tv. People loved a bit of the mobility of it and wanted that to be increased. Some people if i remember correctly would pack up the whole console just to use the controller everywhere.
Yeah I believe it is meant to be a secondary system with exclusive games that are fun to play but not graphics heavy. My gaming PC will always overpower the consoles, and I think the switch will be a perfect companion for me.
The game lineup is what will keep the console alive. I think with the number of systems that have already sold they will continue to produce games for it. I think the Wii U had pretty poor sales so they abandoned it. I'm surprised they have Pokemon and Metroid possibly set for 2019. Those are some of the biggest reasons to get a Nintendo console. I would hope they can get it out sometime in 2018 before people start shelving their console.
He did his first scouting report at age 14.
I'm curious about the ignore free agents thing too. If TT stayed I'm sure they would have after being burned by Bennett. But with a new GM, I can see them making some big moves to try and get a good start.
Maybe. But the games don't scream replayability. And with no multiplayer for the most part it will always be a secondary system that people pick up temporarily to play through the amazing single player games or for the occasional local multiplayer mario cart or smash game.
No but room would heat up and give me a serious case of swamp ass when I would close the door.
See I would randomly bring up how water cooling a computer has always been a dream of mine but I never had the courage to do it. Drop that into conversations every now and then. Then when it comes to doing a new build, say you think you are finally going to try and do the water cooling. It has been so intimidating this whole time. That way it's more of you being brave and trying to overcome an obstacle in your life. It's not a lie, but it takes the conversation away from how much it costs.
And keeps the stache.
And he is still sticking with the team. So lets hope the drafts are still golden.
This looks freakin awesome. I hope it takes place during Presidents day or something so we can all debate about it being the best Presidents Day movie much like we debate about Die Hard being the best christmas movie.
With a comeback like that I can see why you thought this trailer wasn't funny.
Seems similar to the Keanu movie and studios bought that.
This exact thing happened on House of Cards. It's crazy.
Wow. So now the cable companies can claim to have that much more broadband under their company when they did literally nothing.
I really hope so. I think it would probably distract from the show's finale since people would be hung up on the differences.
That isn't spawn killing. The spawn is protected. That is Zen walking into a junkrat he knows is there waiting for him.
Jimmy had it down back in the VHS days.
I don't know about you. But I'd be pretty angry if the team didn't allow me to interview for a GM spot when I'm an assistant GM.
Yeah I know you can while your season is still going on. But a GM interview of an assistant GM isn't exactly going to take him away from anything that important. It's not like he's a coordinator or coach.
I can see not wanting to do it during the playoffs. And I don't agree that we did it either.
He wants the Defense to be better than the Offense. Fuck yeah. That is where we want our defense at.
Finally
Kelce is so damn important to this offense. Sad not seeing him out there.
Wow. That special teams unit is single handedly losing this game for them.
Should have had McCoy play qb and Bortles at rb.
So completely true. I live surrounded by Vikings fans. And when they are winning they won't shut up about how this is their year. And they wear their viking gear non stop. Second the season starts to tank or they are out of the playoffs it's as if nobody was a Vikings fan to begin with. Went to the Minnesota vs Packers playoff game a few years ago. Drove through Minnesota on the way there and the way back. Night and day difference in the attire after we beat them. I wear my Packer gear proud regardless of how we are doing each year. Or if we lost in the playoffs.
It's most likely an upspoken thing nowadays. And certainly not a program where you get specifically rewarded for injuring someone. The Vikings won the division because they took Rodgers out. Simple as that. Other teams are going to be thinking the same thing each year. They take out the best player on the rivals team and they can coast into the playoffs. Irony will be when we dominate them for years to come because of all the changes we made from not making the playoffs this year.
Seriously. I have never in my life fallen to my knees in celebration until Favre threw that end of the game interception. I was so happy that he wouldn't get a ring with them. Any team he could get a ring with, but not them.
I'd rather they don't make it that far. They had the perfect opportunity to skate into the super bowl at their home stadium. And it would be great if they fucked it up.
If they win it'll have an asterisk that says they had to break Aaron Rodger's collarbone for them to make it.
It would be so embarrassing for them to be one and done. They have a pretty easy road to the SB to be honest. The Eagles lost their QB so chances are they won't be hosting the NFCCG. It's basically home games all the way. And even in the super bowl.
Interesting. Thanks for the post
That room looked full of people involved. Didn't do a bit of good.
What a badass.
Umm... We have a terrible defense. And it's been bad for years. That was the whole point of firing Capers. I'm confused where you got the notion that Packer fans think we have a good defense or something.
It's so weird. The top comment is them talking about how we think we have a good defense... Do they not understand why we got rid of Capers? Or why we have been chanting Fire Capers for years now? It's not because we think he's great and our defense is good.
It's RUDY!!! I mean GUDEY!!
And his nickname is Gudey. Much similar to Rudy. Which Sean Astin played in the movie.
That can be said about a lot of DPS characters. Mei, Tracer, Sombra specifically.
Zen change is awesome!!! Also, those doomfist bug fixes..
It was such a fun silent killer when you flew it overhead.
Probably wasn't an original bug. Then they upped the speed and wall climbing of it and what used to be a feature now became a huge advantage for the tire.
And risk their families being tortured to death? Probably none.
Yeah I try to map it out as best I can. And order new ones if needed or I change my mind.
Especially when your hall of fame QB goes down early in the season when you're 4-1.
Not surprising. Hope he has success there and turns things around.
Or for the comedy.
That is one way to help excite the fans for you being coach. You don't forget and you are upset like everyone else.
Very great write up. 3rd and long has been my least favorite down for years. So infuriating watching the opposing team get the yards with ease. I'd much rather it be 3rd and short because we at least had a shot at stopping the run if they decided to run.
Another great write up. I definitely think the payoff of being better against the pass than the run would be worth it.
I think it's hard for any coach to really thrive in Cleveland.
Nothing would kill the NFL. Even rigging at the highest level. Yeah it would hurt the league like no other event in history. But billions of dollars in the league would just mean that they fire a shit ton of people. Change ownership. Apologize profusely. Put some 3rd party things in place to try and prove no fixing is happening anymore. And hope people forget over time. It's just too much money.
Man that's great. Really reminds me of Dave [Rapoza's stuff. I have his TMNT collection. Simply amazing.](https://daverapoza.deviantart.com/gallery/30154029/TMNT)
All of them at their core.
Might have to play outside. Yeah they scared.
1. What button did you accidentally hit? Send instead of Save? 2. How much training did you receive on the alarm system? 3. Are you afraid your name may be released to the public? 4. Why did it take 38 minutes for a message to go out saying it was a false alarm?
At that point, doesn't matter if the Pats get another one in my opinion. 5 or 6 makes no difference. But going from 0 to 1 is a big difference.
Drew Brees won the game last night. The defender needed to do basically anything except what he did. He could have gone for an interception, swatted the ball, forced him out of bounds before he got his feet down, squared up on him and tackled him in bounds, forced him out of bounds after he caught the ball. The last one would have been the worst case scenario for all of those instances. But what he did was even worse. He dove low without even looking. My only thought was he thought he could avoid hurting himself at the same time taking out the legs of Diggs making him land in bounds. But he took his eyes off the target and fucked it up beyond imagination.
I just want to know who was in charge of choosing the movie.
I'm more upset about the swinging with the monkeys and the stupid gopher hills.
They are pulling a reverse Packers. Us making the playoffs each year solidified our coaches jobs. We finally don't make the playoffs due to Rodgers getting injured and we clean house.
You're firing me? Fuck you I'm quitting! That sounds pretty mutual to me.
Yeah it will be interesting to see how healthy the Vikings can stay next year. Every year is so drastically different. I think Wentz can be good for years. But they may have a dropoff like the Raiders did after Carr broke his leg as they went into the playoffs.
I wouldn't be surprised if teams still have something in place. Just not so specific to injuring players. Just big hit rewards or something. And definitely not on paper.
I'm sure he has already got a ton of death threats unfortunately.
And it's outside on the road.
Interesting. Could he have punted it like 10 yards shorter and hoped it would hit a player so they could recover it? Since many wouldn't have been watching the ball.
Probably. Also might have helped him evaluate how well he could punt if the situation seriously needed it. But the whole thing is just so bizarre to me.
Yup. Some used to hold off playing the game until an event when they were sitting at rank 100. So they could get so many more loot boxes during the event.
I've always liked the idea of replacing her ult with mini ults. She has to heal to charge up the "vial" or something that counts as a 1 res. She can bank them and res like she did originally. All at the same time. With the cast time being what it is now. She doesn't have the E res ability anymore. So it would take basically the whole game to get saved up for a 5 man res. Or she could work her way up to a 1 or 2 man res depending on the situation. But it's still super risky to try for the 5 man res since the cast time is long. And you'd lose it all if you got stunned.
Yeah I was about to comment that. Jordy was doing great and has amazing chemistry with Rodgers.
Pretty freakin cute if you ask me.
Most definitely. I've had stock alerts for websites for months now and they sell out instantly. I was lucky enough to get one from gamestop a few weeks ago. Most times it sells out before you even have a chance to check out.
My most hated is when Zarya pulls of an amazing grav that pulls people off point or payload long enough for overtime to end. Then people say c9 because they saw 4-5 people alive. Bitch, that was an amazing grav, not stupidity on the other team's fault.
Reminding them on why they are were they are? Or bragging about the hit?
So *that's* their coach. I always thought it was Palpatine.
Definitely not alone. I prefer Zen or Ana when I have to heal. But when they start dictating *which* healer i must play, fuck that. I always say they can go head and pick her.
Helps that the crocodiles have an unlimited supply of kids to eat.
Should have "accidentally" dropped it while opening. But judging by what he said he really did order I don't think he can think quick on his feet.
All dogs don't go to heaven. This is their heaven. When they die, they wake up as somebody else's puppy.
Shit I remember some of it was just tap f2 or this or that. All while downloading the new custom map over my dial up hoping that the person hosting the game wouldn't boot me before it finished.
Please tell me it isn't his fire alarm activating hand?!?!
I see your point and completely agree. Just hard to deal with the Viking fans after they broke his collarbone and laughed about it. Then skated into the playoffs and pretend it wasn't because Rodgers was injured.
Wow this comment is really telling. A lot of pent up aggression, but no place to exert it.
Bragging about that could get you banned in here as well.
Are we the baddies? I think we might be.
I hope it works well like the first few seasons of the US office. But if it's a success it'll be run into the ground like every sitcom in the US.
I thought for sure it would go to third person and show he's a big flashing rainbow character.
Still haven't watched any clips or replays of this game at all. Didn't even watch the super bowl pre game that year because I knew they'd play the Seahawks road to the super bowl with clips from that game. Nope, can't do it. Hurts too much.
Furniture store: ".....shit"
He did struggle against our defense.
Jags domination after the opening drive by the Patriots for a field goal.
Well, not all.
Yeah... They usual blow the whistle instantly.
It was a mistake by the refs. They had the clock stopped.
https://i.imgur.com/w3IwiDu.jpg
Makes sense how the broncos won so they could have Peyton ride off into the sunset. Had to be rigged.
Except we had pretty realistic expectations on how our defense would perform. The Vikings expected their defense to win them the game.
When you start looking at it as if it is destiny, then that is when you get punched in the gut. I had Viking fans around here saying it was destiny for them to play and win a super bowl in their home stadium. I just smile and say, "you think so?" and they just keep going off. The miracle play last week kept them alive. I'm sure they had one hell of a week celebrating. But they flew too close to the sun as usual, higher than they belong, and they got burned.
Yup the Packer fans owned the insult and turned it into something they hate now. The Viking fans were called retarded so they owned it by playing the horn and chanting skol.
Yeah I'll have to agree. This season I heard something similar from many different fans. That it was destiny. It was their year. Super Bowl in their home stadium. They have the best defense in the league. Everything was clicking. And then the Minneapolis Miracle happened. It just had to be destiny. But that's not how the NFL works.
I would love it with all my heart to come back here in a few years with all of this having taken place.
Maybe Philly fans are so obnoxious and mean because they've never won a super bowl while all the other teams in their division have.
Great stuff.
Money doesn't buy you happiness is something rich people say so the poor don't lynch them.
Prove it... With a video.
That could be something people say in the future about Haha, Burnett, Randall, House.
Here is a simple one. &gt; How do you tell if someone's a vegan? &gt; &gt; Don't worry, they'll tell you. &gt; Now if the crowd likes them extremely inappropriate, then go with this one. &gt; &gt; What do you call a 5 year old with no friends? &gt; &gt; &gt; A sandy hook survivor.
I think people are underestimating the possibility and potential for the XFL to make a big comeback. Sounds like they learned a valuable lesson from last time. Don't rush it. Competition is good in pretty much any industry, so lets hope we get a better NFL out of it. And maybe something entertaining to watch during the off season.
ITT: Whataboutisms pointing at Breitbart.
Faster pace I believe he meant as less commercials breaks, time stoppages, flags/reviews, etc. He even mentioned dropping half time as well.
I don't think it was nerd crew he was responding to. But the last Jedi rescue where they make fun of going to conventions and stuff.
Yeah they'd cheat again. I guarantee it.
I just want to know why I don't get calendar notifications on my Galaxy s8. I've tried everything. Googled it 10 different ways. Tried every suggestion. So frustrating. I have a reminder to pay certain bills on the same day each month. And most times it doesn't work. It randomly does, which drives me even more crazy.
Possible you could make these available to edit what the text is? Or is that a bit too complicated?
That's pretty awesome. However it was disappointing to see what free lanyard they gave out to people. That ToysRUs lanyard is pretty terrible. No effort made whatsoever. The previous celebration had a really great Star Wars themed one. It was pretty obvious they wanted you to spend the money for their special one they were selling.
Norm I absolutely love your comedy and everything you're in. I used to rent Dirty Work all the time back when I couldn't pick a movie at the store with my parents. What do you think of the current #MeToo movement and the current state of hollywood?
I found switching the setting to full screen only still had gsync working perfectly in windowed mode. That weird issue was hell to figure out what was going on.
No I know. I love the first Ant Man. But they just had to say the line about things keeping their weight when shrunk down. They take that out and we don't even have to think about it.
Wow, so we've gone from "can we get a mercy" to "can you get off mercy" in one single patch. Amazing.
Roadhog sucks now tho. He doesn't die. But that's to the benefit of the enemy. They farm ults off him nonstop.
Well yeah, he can't kill you for shit. And he gives you full ult charge every fight.
Very nice. Was hoping to take a basic shot of it. But we were completely overcast this morning.
My thoughts exactly. He may want to come back. And is physically able to play. But the risk is just too big and no team is really going to go for it.
Damn that's nice. Been keeping an eye out for literally any arcade cabinet near where I live. Nothing that isn't insanely overpriced.
There isn't enough to discuss for this sub to remove that. Just filter them out yourself if you don't like them. I personally like the discussion that happens inside those clips' comments.
Give him whatever the hell he wants.
It is on the people. Any people show up for Bernie. They go together perfectly.
It's just the current eco chamber of Reddit. And many voices against what is going on there just get drowned out. And if you don't care about the million controversies from Trump then you must be a Trump supporter. Another big problem with r/politics and the media, when everything is a controversy, then nothing is. Same thing happened with Fox news and Obama. They had him ordering dijon mustard as something to talk about.
Depends on the year. A few I would have said the 49ers. Some other years it definitely would be the Seahawks.
Assume everyone on the road is distracted. Never assume they see you. If it looks like someone might be merging right at you or cutting you off. They probably are.
I thought I was going crazy. I've never seen this message before. Now I'm worried I'm using my isp data to access my content locally.
Half the fun of celebration is the people you meet in line. VIP isn't the way to experience it. Who cares where the hotel is. You are only there for a few hours anyway.
This is just asking to get scammed.
What would they do with the money after that problem is solved. Taxing the churches would solve that problem pretty quickly.
Pretty good timing by them actually. It specifically says 2017. So only an idiot would buy it. A fool and his money are soon parted.
You're right. This is going to make it into the live servers.
How does it work then? From the video it sounded like he said you could limit what people played.
Which just shows what age can do to you. He didn't put nearly as much effort into the hobbit films as he did the LotR ones. He went all george lucas on it and CGI'd the crap out of it.
All I'm saying is if you think it will stop toxicity, it won't. People will say "why did you choose damage if you suck at it? Now we're stuck with you as damage all game" And in this system, they won't be able to change even if they wanted to. I'm do like the system. But feel like it may need to be able to be changed on the fly by the leader.
Who's the snowflake? The person who wants to talk to the whole team? Or the person afraid of being criticized by others in teamchat?
He did get paid tho.
Every time I saw that commercial it pissed me off. I don't fucking care who I bump into. I'm not changing teams.
Support your son, and your team. Doesn't have to be one or the other.
That most certainly does not happen every game. Most just want to communicate with call outs and ult coordination.
This scares me. Orlando was a clusterfuck and I felt they sold way too many tickets for that venue.
you could buy the lanyards at celebration. That's where I got my Yavin medal one. The free one at Anaheim was amazing. The free one at Orlando was a complete joke. A blue toys r us cheap piece of crap. No star wars anything on it.
But they didn't have any rooms big enough to handle the stages. The convention center was huge. But all the rooms for panels weren't very big at all. And Disney/Lucasfilm or whoever is in charge of celebration would have seen that ahead of time. Hard to blame the Orlando convention center for that.
So they just make up the rules as they go along? Since when has a whole new question been asked when the judges said "what?". This is Insanity. Others gets a "final answer" second chance. Team action gets hosed when he even corrected himself. And yet again, Clarke gets the horror category. She is so damn good at that category.
That would do away with the JTE rule. But they could just change it to asking for more time.
Nobody's name is attached to each badge. Maybe for VIPs but the regular one they certainly don't have to tech to do that.
My company is working on getting tickets for a bunch of us for the Nov 25th game. Basically all of them are Vikings fans and I'm the Packer fan. Would love this sooooo much.
I'm lubed up and ready to roll.
Seriously it never works right on their site.
They mentioned he was Alpha 2. I wonder if Alpha 1 was the version that left the park.
I think keenum makes the playoffs while cousins doesn't.
There has been no update on him since being transferred to the psychiatric facility.
Hue Jackson.
Who are they going to blame when they prop up another flawed candidate and lose to Trump again? They are currently doing exactly what the conservatives did to Obama before his re-election. They made every single thing he did into a controversy. People got fatigued by it. If everything is a controversy, then nothing is.
But they voted to go to war in Iraq.
This is the version I went back to: https://www.apkmirror.com/apk/plex-inc/plex/plex-6-17-1-5294-release/plex-6-17-1-5294-android-apk-download/
Yeah I have a feeling he would have charged in like that regardless of the heals.
I hope we talk about him in the future like we talk about Woodson now.
Haha who would believe a Halo game would be released without mulitplayer? Most of my friends that I've played halo with for years haven't touched the single player since Halo CE.
Why the hell aren't you all following Geronimo?
Is toxic the entire match.
I'm surprised we lasted this long tbh.
Being a child of divorce is becoming the norm.
He has to get a #1 contender shot. He is 3-0. Doesn't that auto give going a shot? Winning 3 in a row.
I like to think he has the flask rigged to be never ending.
So OP is a lier or the photo was taken in Williston.
Just call him Adams if you aren't sure of the spelling.
I don't think the Vikings make the playoffs this season. They are putting all their eggs in the Cousins basket. Last season their defense stayed healthy pretty much all year. That most likely won't happen back to back years.
Imagine if that is what you could see from the moon. That would be amazing.
Lets be honest here. We don't play the games we buy from the steam sale. It's so we have them. And the deal is too good.
It's just ridiculous. Over and I keep hearing how much of a crazy person Trump is. Then when he asks for a huge jump in military budget, they give it to him. The same crazy person they complain about. No debate, no discussion. But when single payer comes up they all ask, "where's the money going to come from?" Where is that question when the military gets hundreds of billions extra?
I actually really like this being the potg. And hope it happens more often. She ressed someone with an ult that saved the match. Great play.
That's in preparation for the game. But after the game it's a huge mess. Imagine people's reaction if we did cleaned up after away games?
Yet I still can see him winning in 2020 if the dems don't get their shit together. They lost to Trump, yet Pelosi says she doesn't think the american people want a new direction. That is batshit crazy. And will hand the next election to Trump.
Trump hasn't lied to the american people in an attempt to get us into multiple wars that we are still fighting to this day. Not yet anyway. So until then, I'd say Bush takes the cake.
Yeah as someone who has put countless hours into pharah, I always blame myself when I die. Either I pushed too far up and didn't play the angles right with my cover. Mercy just allows me to engage with the enemy more frequently and allows me to deal more damage from the damage boost.
I'm not saying bust your ass cleaning the place. I'm saying pick up around you and be a better person.
Taking the kids away from their parents doesn't have anything to do with the trade wars. You said the trade wars were "like a lot worse."
I mean he has a bed out there. There is no way he's married. This is either a spoiled teenager or a bachelor.
What year is it?
Yeah it's a big deal. CTE is scary and why put your child at risk of it at all?
Andreyko for sure. Yeah he got really lucky in the free for all. It just seems like that rocketed his rating to a lot of people. But let's not forget he lost a 1v1 to Macuga.
I really think Ken's story will lead to his redemption.
Well lets hope they don't do the wristbands like they did in Orlando. Anaheim only did wristbands for the very first panel. And that was simply because they wanted to make sure they brought the right number of people into the huge stadium. The rest weren't necessary to have them. Orlando was terrible and it didn't work very well at all.
This to me is the biggest issue. There are so many things wrong with our system. But none will change until we get the money out of it.
This is what is hurting the sport. It is still massively popular. But the respect is lost when shit like this works. Just make a harsh penalty for those who fake. Review footage and kick them out of the game. Don't even need to be the ref on the field. Have sideline refs watching it live and reviewing footage when needed.
I swear there was a row of cars here when I parked originally!
To the basement with you! You are my new Plex server.
I mean humans are mammals. So I'd prefer to be a mammal fucker than the opposite. Not sure what Viking fans fuck if it isn't mammals.
Literally the best bot on reddit.
I love it. And he's right. When we slap up the vikings, the media will be talking about the Packers as the team to beat with the target on their backs.
And the rest are mad we won the /r/nfl survivor last year.
This is true.
Most every game since Halo 3 was released should have had that feature.
Cloak and Dagger has arrived.
It just seems like it would be an easy accessory to sell. Get some Star Wars graphics, or Rick and Morty. Anything really. They just magnetically connect so swapping would be a breeze.
Most colts and broncos fans won't do the same with Manning.
Correct. You can only do it when my jumping from a height.
Grappling isn't that consistent. But it's nice to have multiple options.
Wasn't a surprising outcome. I think these matches will start to get more entertaining soon. It's too bad Gerber had to step in on short notice. Kinda feel he was destined to lose. Even had he not spun star trek.
I still think about this all the time. When I was in my low teens I had a dream about hanging out with a couple kids. Twins. I woke up and said out loud, who the heck were those kids? That summer I go to camp. Meet those kids and were friends for years. Still feel like I had some time skip in my dream.
He'll get hired instantly. But a team isn't going to give up draft capital or a player to get a coach that know we are firing. When they can just wait.
I'll bleed green and gold til I'm dead and cold.
I wish him nothing but success at his next team. They'll be lucky to have him. His message just got a little stale after all these years.
We don't hate him. It was just time to move on. I wish him success and I'm sure he'll have an Andy Reid type inpact wherever he goes.
I'm not really a fan of his. And i doubt he'll leave college.
I really don't understand why he's on the list. He got his shot as OC, got a brand new QB. The one that they said was the missing piece to a super bowl team. And they look like they may struggle to make the playoffs.
Plus he's really good at utilizing the talent the team has. Turning no name receivers into household names. They are always innovating their offense. I think he's the best (and most realistic) candidate on the list.
They are sooooo scared. I don't even care. He'll start this campaign as the front runner. He starts it out with more name recognition than he ever had last time around. Plus he's getting shit done after losing the primary to Clinton. He's already getting big companies to adopt a $15 min wage. And he's getting bipartisan support on stopping the Yemen conflict.
And if he doesn't? Then we get a coach that knows how to run an efficient offense. If he does back out, we continue the search. No big deal. He knows if he does it again he's going to get blackballed from most of the NFL.
Been rocking it all year. Still my favorite.
It would most likely be up to the coach. I can't imagine anybody would be ok with being told they have to keep a defenseive coordinator. I'd be more happy if whoever they brought in wanted to keep him themselves.
I liked how in the early season's they looked so real. Less makeup and actually felt like an office documentary. Not that I'm complaining about them looking better in later seasons. It's just something I noticed.
Yeah. They'd have to lose less SR than normal if they lose.
Bernie about to go John Wick on his primary opponents.
And do we really think our defense playing better with Mack would be getting us that many more wins? I'd say a couple more wins, but our offense has been struggling all year. Not doing our defense any favors.
Yeah he really could have faired better with a less broad category.
Yet Zook still has a job...
Yeah it sounds like they just informed him they aren't considering him for the great coaching job.
I am loving my huawei watch. It has still been receiving the major updates and is working snappier than ever.
This is my fear. If that happens I'm gone and it's going to be a pain to setup a new system that has worked as well and seamlessly as plex has.
That did not fix it for me.
[Hey I actually found a fix. I have a post that has all the details here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/a3edwu/google_reminders_not_working_i_may_have_a_fix/?)
So in a similar lawsuit that guy proving the flat earther wrong could get the $100k as well as additional money in damages?
Here I interpreted you feed someone 2 birds with a scone. Which does sound delicious.
Been using and loving Textra for the past few months. Guess we'll see if it's worth making the switch back or not.
Nobody said this was a super common issue.
Well the screen shots of the texts don't prove that he assaulted anybody. That's him trying to use his position and celebrity to try to get with fans.
It's called an exit strategy.
I always found him extremely immature and over dramatic.
Yikes. Sounds like you bring a lot of toxicity to the games you play. Nobody is going to switch when you tell them to. Especially after calling them dogshit. Hope to never see you in comp. But chances are we aren't at the same level anyway.
So jealous. Nothing like this is available for about 1000 miles.
Because they don't want to give him any positive press. With the fear it would give him momentum into the white house.
Nice!
It's like the feeling at the end of Harry and the Henderson's when they send him off into the woods. It's for all of their own good. It's sad, but has to happen.
Can we pin this for the whole off-season?
Packers Legend Mike McCarthy.
I'm so surprised they didn't do the whole peeing into a water bottle to keep up with their work demands.
What was his final number? or was it that?
nice.
The Browns did addition by subtraction. And the Bengals did subtraction by addition. I love it.
Ok that was seriously impressive.
Didn't notice that. Daaamn. If it fails, and I would think it would 99% of the time, then they he's super staggered and without grav.
At the end of the day we are all trying to enjoy watching a game. It really is sad how some stadiums and fans treat the opposing team's fans in the stands. Makes me scared to even think about going to another stadium.
I love this since I always have auto rotate off. I absolutely hate the phone rotating without my permission.
I didn't know that he actually believed this. Wow. That makes the joke on "Who is America" even better.
I think we're well past this making it "official." I think we passed that like 20 years ago.
That is weird. I have not experienced that at all. Do you have Battery Optimization on for it? Maybe turn that off to see if that helps.
And the Dolphins beat the Bears.
Yeah it's been a card game and sports card thing forever. Still doesn't make it a good thing.
That's a good lineup of nostalgia. TMNT The Cows of Moo mesa Biker Mice from Mars Street Sharks Battle Toads
He *was* good. Back in 2016. But I think he started making career moves instead of big plays. He no longer really tackles. There is evidence this season with GB of him completely diving out of the way of a player. Even on the goal line.
Why is everyone here acting like he's a top candidate for our HC job? This post is basically just pointing out that he got fired. Which you would think helps our chances of them losing 2 games. Unless they get the dead cat bounce.
It wasn't that big of a group calling for him to be HC was it? I always thought it was a minority.
Not sure on that one. Sorry.
I can see a couple of the doom nerfs. But all of them at once. That hurts.
While I agree completely. It would be a QoL update for people not up to date on when to expect the next update.
Just make every game an away game. Or every game in London.
So they would go out of their way to gather everything together to go dump it in a field in the middle of nowhere. But won't go through the trouble of doing the same thing and bringing it to a nice recycle drop off that most towns have.
Lets not stop until every great show is ruined by rebooting it.
And as is usual, the hardest part will be us winning out.
He retired before and the fear is if he isn't loving the game, then he'll retire again.
It all comes down to preparation and executing. The Bears aren't perfect. They have been beat. The defense is extremely strong and capitalizes off of a bunch of turnovers. We limit those and exploit their new weakness in the backfield we could be sitting well in a close game. Plus if Pettine does a good job of disguising coverages, Biscuit may throw some picks like we know he has this season.
Well if we're playing the "What if" game, than we would have easily won the game had Kizer not been in and swung the game 10 points.
MM said it best. We're nobody's underdog.
It reminds me of my early days as a fan when this is all we had. Every year we needed help getting into the playoffs.
The thing about draft picks is you really don't know what you'll get half the time. Some players are obvious talents but others are just a roll of the dice.
Most of the teams we need to just lose 1 more game. (Eagles, Redskins, Panthers) The Vikings need to lose 2. Or Seahawks lose 3.
I think we found Max's burner account.
Even in his pre-nerf form he was hard countered by sombra. Now it's not even worth switching to her to deal with him at this point.
oh boy. you knew exactly what you were throwing your money at. Now you're just having buyers remorse.
Exactly. People in /r/politics are hilarious. His name pops up every time they talk about 2020 candidates.
I think Erwin is a machine. I think Clarke is great, but definitely needs help from the wheel. I don't see Erwin needing much help that way.
My family gives me crap for not liking vegetables. But I love them. I'm just very vocal about not liking green beans. Seriously get a gag reflex every time i eat them. But basically the rest I'm cool with.
*puts up blinders on all the corruption and cheating in primaries. Yup she definitely was the better candidate.
The establishment want to run Biden. So the age argument goes out the window.
Losing HaHa was a perfect example of addition by subtraction. He was a liability back there.
Isn't it amazing how fast all the bears fans come out of the woodwork when they finally have a good season?
It's like the Vikings last year. They didn't get bit by the injury bug and they had great success.
That's the college textbook industry currently. Pay $300 for then brand new, then they are worth 10 at the buyback.
Believe it or not but I'd actually be more confident than when we ran the table. I trust the defense more this year.
That's basically this sub lately. I still love Plex and rarely have an issue.
I am always a super optimistic fan. But this off season especially it will be hard not to be. Brand new Head Coach. Presumably an offensive thinking one. Which is exciting to think what they can do with all the talent on the team. Those young receivers are going to develop into something special. Like Adams. It took a little time to get going. Geronimo should be back and hopefully progressing as well. We definitely missed him when he went down. Another year with Pettine should be great. They have improved a ton and were still competitive even after losing some big names like Clark, Daniels, and King. The secondary is improved and I think experience will help them improve dramatically. And then we got Gute. Who has shown that he isn't afraid of free agency and knows how to work the draft board. 2 first round picks next year is exciting. I can't wait to see what is in store for the Packers and I hope we have a massive bounce back next season.
Yes they will. The second he's lost and or indicted. They'll pretend they were never with him to begin with. Just like how they all distanced themselves from Bush after he left office.
That looks like a damn good christmas!
Exactly. Been rocking my Packers hoodie and Packer hat all year. No reason to stop because we didn't make the playoffs. Never be a fair weather fan. And don't let the potential of getting shit from people stop you from being a good fan.
When I play a video i just press the home button and it just minimizes to the small floating window.
Am I out of touch? No it is the people who can't see who are wrong.
I think his groin injury from last game will be the excuse to put him on IR. As much as I'd like to see him play. I'd prefer he didn't get further injured. Start next season over on a clean slate.
Well I got off years ago before that was common knowledge. Back when everyone just assumed it.
And that George Bush carried out 9-11. The guy who choked on a pretzel?
Here I thought I was the only one.
I completely spaced round two and gave my opponent a win without ever attacking. He only defeated half my defenses. Ugh.
I do think the NFL is more fun to watch when the Bears are good. I hope the Packers bounce back and the rivalry gets invigorated once again.
A personal favorite of mine.
I stopped playing right before the grappling hook was added. Was such a fun game, just kinda randomly stopped one day. Still got a couple bitchin unusuals if I remember correctly. At least 1 good one.
&gt; You are literally playing into the Russian's tactics for dividing Democrats omg i almost spit out my water.
And with his leadership and winning the election we can get a progressive wave that will transform this country. Biggest thing that will lead to that? Ending that terrible citizen's united decision and getting money out of politics. Then all of a sudden the smaller candidates who are for the people will rise above the corporate sponsored candidates.
I was still under the impression it was going to be cgi with him voicing. Which didn't seem bad at all. But a live action Will Smith as the genie. That seems weird.
This is the final straw?? What about all the other controversies were you ok with?
Easier than Halo CE's legendary. Noob combo all the way through the game. So much easier.
I'm guessing the same people who put ketchup on steaks.
I really think it comes down to rewatchability and it being enjoyable each time. I'm not talking watching it over and over. But a movie you look forward to rewatching each year.
I was thinking it could be possible until they started saying bob couldn't contest point or be nano'd or healed. They made a point to say he could be and there really isn't a reason to block that as he's only there for 12 seconds.
And MLK. He was just starting a people's movement on low wages.
Is there a place to check my current level online? I haven't logged into H5 in a while. EDIT: Nevermind. Logged into Halo Waypoint. I'm sitting at SR143. Not sure If I'll make it or not. Unless I get a second wind and play a ton of Halo before Infinite comes out.
I damn near almost bought a pack with shards without even noticing.
My thoughts exactly. Why would players want to risk injury for a game that helps the franchise but not them personally? Maybe if each player got a huge check for winning.
I thouht I was high with 46K. I haven't taken all my parents albums yet but will probably eventually. Which will skyrocket my number.
Funny. Created a DPS account and climbed higher than my diamond flex account.
That's how I use that joke.
Why is everyone bitching at the bus? The moron filming it decided to film it from across the street.
Me vs The guy she tells me not to worry about.
Plotting to turn off the lights at midnight.
I use an app called gcam tool that auto takes the photos from those folders and puts them into the main folder and removes the folder.
My custom hard tube, water cooled, computer.
How did he last longer than MM?
Problem is it too some huge uproar from people to get it fixed. That went happen for the smaller channels.
tRaDe RoDgErS
SJ plus was far more expensive than a dollar a month.
He really was one of my favorite personalities. Seeing him rise and fall with Rocha was always entertaining. And how me could make fun of others was like no other.
He's a garage time qb.
When you factor in the money it's a huge downgrade.
I think no matter what coach we hire a big chunk of fans will be adamantly against them.
Says the guy who is triggered so much he had to complain about the guy on a separate social media.\ [This is you.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9I7VSoc2sM)
Yeah. He really needs to control himself better. You could tell he was starting to give up. But in the post game he did say that Roxy was the one to go in and get their heads straight.
So many people are going to crash and burn trying to emulate his strategy of wagering high amounts on daily doubles. Should be interesting.
Great work!
Dad is staying out of this one.
Played this at some random hotel a few years ago. Was a lot of fun.
Still don't know or care who Kesha is.
The whole reason the painting exists is because of Jerry not knowing who Kesha was and shot her down for the hug. I'm not trying to be cool or smart. I guess I'm more like Jerry Seinfeld than you I guess. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Still hurts.
I'm always greatful the company i joined moved to O365 email years before. Mail servers have been a pain in the ass.
Well I hope it's up by tonight. Would like to climb or fall 2-300 SR.
He's an embarrassment.
Oh man that is going to be frustrating.
Well he's already campaigning like Clinton. Avoiding as many public events as possible while attending tons of private expensive fundraisers. Thing is, this time around he's not starting with as big a lead as Clinton had. And if you can believe it, he has more baggage than Clinton did. It's not over yet. But it certainly should be.
This is a good sign for the longevity of the Switch. If it wasn't obvious by now, the Switch is a huge success. If they were looking to pump out the game asap I'd be worried that they were moving on to their next system.
We've got to hammer down on Biden wanting to cut Social Security and Medicaid. And how Bernie wants to expand the Medicare system to include dental and vision. That alone should be a huge factor for many of the older voters.
Still waiting for her to support Medicare For All.
He is great for business. (The business of ratings and faux outrage)
And I couldn't wait to laugh at all of them. I'm a simple man.
Do I need to know whats going on in Luigi's Mansion? I've never played any of them before and not sure if I should find a way to play those other 2 before the 3rd comes out.
But of course they'll show Biden talking through his entire event. Apparently it pays to have big dollar fundraisers with Comcast execs.
But the porn will blow your mind.
Thank you for doing this! Are you surprised by the pushback from other progressives from the title of Democratic Socialism?
And if he wins the nomination, he will lose to Trump. You need to get some enthusiasm behind you to win against the republicans.
Same people who are pro military but neglect the veteran.
Glad to see I'm not the only one. Was starting to think my server was going haywire.
We need to primary a ton of democrats. So many of them are basically republicans. Primaries strengthens the party. And the fact that the DCCC is fighting this tooth and nail should tell you that all they care about is them keeping their clubhouse the way it has always been.
Exactly. CNN sees this one poll and uses it as a huge headline. But it's 1 poll out of many. Many other national polls has Bernie up by 10 points on her. But those don't get written about. The media and establishment is anybody but Bernie.
He has close to 2 million **volunteers**... That is not a slipping or small base. That is unprecedented. He also has the most individual donors. This narrative is being pushed so hard lately and it isn't even close to true.
They will take any morsel to try to attack Sanders. He has close to 2 million volunteers, more individual donors than the other candidates. Has supported his policies for decades, that many of his opponents are finally jumping on board now when they didn't in 2016. It's very far out, they are just trying to get people to believe he's slipping so they start supporting other candidates. People really pushing Warren hard lately. And it's not even hidden at this point. They want Warren to try to take away from Bernie, and that gives Biden an easy way to the nomination.
As the other voices pick up all his policies they were too scared to back in 2016.
Haha it's Jennifer Rubin. Of course it is. Mrs Obsessed with Bernie's tax returns for months. Then they are released and she can't find any dirt, so she moves on to try and talk crap about anything else.
He's really doubling down on this "not apologizing for anything" stance. Not a good look with his track record.
It's the offseason. I really don't care what people post in here.
Bernie: I told you so. Again.
Been doing IT for years. Always try to clarify what *exactly* they did. Most of the time they have no idea what terminology is for things so they just say they did whatever you told them to do.
I hate how the media has normalized these types of strikes.
hOw ArE wE gOiNg To PaY fOr It?
It's not a problem to him because he's not asking for their vote. "I"m not asking for your vote." His own words. The nail in his campaign's coffin.
Not entirely sure what this does. But I hope it helps with my cheek muting a phone call when I'm talking. Has happened about a dozen times. Really frustrating.
So many of them would have the gap completely close once they are facing off against Trump.
Thank you!
Go right ahead. :)
This is the main video I have been working on for what seems like ages. In honor of the debate I had to get it done in time. Please share it.
Definitely one of my favorite moments of his campaign.
Thank you very much! My wife said the highest praise she could give me was that she didn't think I made it. I also created the Bernie logo animation at the end.
Thank you!
Thank you! I was the same way in 2015. I wanted to contribute, but drug my feet. Wanted to make a video or something. But drug my feet. Ended up only donating to his campaign for the most part. But I told myself this time around I'll actually do a video or two.
That's actually a fantastic idea! I never thought about doing it like that. Like an actual super hero intro. I had made that so long after I had my first bunch of clips already laid out. I may play around with it tonight and see how it plays. Thanks for the feedback!
All Trevor has for jokes with Bernie are old jokes. Don't they have a staff of writers?
Yeah I agree that I think it works after the 2nd clip at the 46 mark. Here is that version! https://youtu.be/P-pcEkCGFkc I really do like it. I'm not sure which one I like more. But both versions can exist next to each other. Thanks again for the idea.
He's answered it dozens of times. They just like to smear him as if he will run third party. Shit he should pull a reverse Howard Schultz, and say he'll run third party unless they nominate a progressive. But the establishment would say they don't need his voters and then blame him when they lose.
How long until the whistle blower is found dead?
Shouldn't they just have one category to vote for in game of the year. And the rest can be done through analytics? Like seeing who actually played with friends on games the most. Most played game and spike in gamers after a new update release.
A lot of trolls and people who just go by the meme's on how good McCarthy is. He's a damn good coach. And won a ton of games because of him and his gameplan. Biggest issue we had with him was he held onto Capers too long. This is a solid hire and I expect them to be a dangerous team again.
So if Pluto is a planet, are all those other discovered dwarf planets around Pluto normal planets and part of our solar system? Doubt it. People just don't like change.
But everyone here also yells at the people who run as green and other 3rd parties.
People yell at them the same way they do the ones running for president.
2014... Doesn't look like anything to me.
They stopped the 18-0 Patriots. That alone is insane.
Still pretty sure I got the green 360 and wireless green headset with the green halo headset lying around somewhere.
3 bullseyes without a single missed shot. Next fight can't hit a single thing.
6 years ago.... Doesn't look like anything to me.
Like how they all boo'd Michael Moore during his acceptance speech years ago when he was criticizing Bush for trying to go to war with Iraq. Bunch of out of touch elites.
Reload the OS.
Then you are in the wrong sub my friend. Check out /r/techsupport
Good thing he doesn't use push to talk.
Looks like we found the Vikings whipping boy for this game.
He has resting shook face. Or that's his secret. He's always shook.
Looks at flair. Yeah, *the booth* is what's ruining football for you.
All playoff games are primetime.
If you think any team is unbeatable. Watch the Titans playing the Ravens right now. Everyone counted the Titans out. It's not over right now, but the Titans are competing in a game nobody said they'd be able to.
It's just gas escaping the corpse.
Davante Adams was a beast today!!!
Would be awesome if they set the guy up with an insane tv and surround sound system to watch it from home.
I actually love his attitude. Not the typical fan who leaves a game early when their team is losing. But that of a fan who only wants the best for his team. Good on him.
I hate this sub. But I love CD.
If there was a fucking conspiracy you'd think they'd have at least ruled the fumble where we clearly recovered the ball in our favor.
Week 1 he was in the stands watching the Packers vs Bears game.
Just like she *confirmed* that she was Native American, or that she got fired for being pregnant. Both of which are easily refuted.
It's not really about being smart, it's about being brave enough to try.
Yup same thing happened in my dorm. Got really annoying switching form xbox to pc.
I actually don't mind them at all. Probably the 2nd best commentators behind Romo. My only issue with Troy is how he'll keep talking about a penalty or lack thereof for an entire drive and beyond. Saying this wouldn't have been possible had this random penalty not happened, or didn't get called. Like it's an obsession that brings far more attention to it then necessary.
Haven't seen anywhere that gets it synced up. No way to delay the radio call enough to match the game.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
Hard to imagine any union that wouldn't support Sanders. He is easily the most pro union candidate we've had in decades.
Yes, we are the **F**inal **T**eam **P**laying in the NFC North. Great observation.
Fox News is actually far less biased during their debates and town halls.
This debate has me fired up. Donated twice. Once during and once more after. The whole framing of questions and the deliberate way they are going after Bernie. Not even subtle anymore. They know he is winning.
If he doesn't play it's because someobody Tonya Harding'ed him.
Promised her Biden's VP.
Getting so many calls from relatives I haven't talked to in years because they're getting the message on their screen that Windows 7 is no longer supported.
He'll throw a couple up for grabs. Can we capitalize? Can we create some more mistakes?
I believe it was from a recent Packers Unscripted episode. The Packers podcast.
He was right then, and would be right if he said it now.
Man I had thought the sickness had run it's course. I hope he's feeling better tomorrow and doesn't get Crosby sick.
Smiles at camera.
For some reason this feels worse than when our defense couldn't stop any pass at all.
https://imgur.com/a/i0L7pAn
I have found that every job I have had on climbing the ladder has led to more money and less work.
They never cared about unity. They only said that to try and declaw the Sanders movement. It wasn't too long ago that Clinton said that it was important to back whoever the nominee is and that she has a pretty good idea who that would be. Looks like that must be backfiring. Especially if she still won't say that she'd back him if he was the nominee. All this shows is that the internal numbers for Bernie winning must be pretty good. Getting desperate.
That's my quarterback!!
This is exciting. That second year got Matt Ryan an MVP.
Big key is affordability. My local ISP just went to the pay for what you use model. And charge $0.20/gb. And some months are hella expensive.
It really sucks. But it's better than their old model where you had a 300GB cap and charged you huge fees for going over.
Should we expect this to be a one and done title? Or more chapters for Alyx to come down the road?
Him stopping the 18-0 Patriots alone should get him in imo. But stopping them twice. No doubt in my mind he should be in.
Wait, I thought Z was snubbed?
I see. thanks.
I look at which team has more championships and root for the other team.
The state that moved it up to help Kamala and hurt Bernie. Whoops.
No problem. Yeah it's crazy how important some states are but people forget that because the media loves to talk about the first couple states like they are the only ones that matter.
He fought hard for a lot of extra yards. Little bit here and there.
Old people.
We got this. Union strong!
I am saving for this game. Will be my first pinball.
Yeah premium will be what I'll go for. Hope they don't sell out.
It's just publicity and I'm sure they're following orders to do that. Just like the police that knelt and marched with protestors. Not long later they were shooting teargas at people and beating them with batons.
Pretty impossible to keep track of the officers when they cover their badge numbers and faces in gas masks and full on gear. But there has been no evidence of the cops staying and joining the protestors.
Nice try. https://www.wsmv.com/video/protests-turn-violent-in-downtown-nashville/video_25e12066-1d06-5fbd-9ab8-5ede53089a4a.html https://www.newschannel5.com/news/live-i-will-breathe-rally-to-protest-police-brutality-and-racism-held-in-nashville https://www.wsmv.com/news/national-guard-remains-mobilized-following-night-of-violent-protests/article_f85431a4-a325-11ea-99d9-9f46282a70ec.html And that was just a 2 second google search.
Gotta get that photo op in.
Can't wait to see all the kneeling sack celebrations.
Word is he's already trying to get him back on Ellen.
I mean wouldn't all Jews be anti fascist?
That's where I'd ban them from eating there.
Snowflake comment really triggers snowflakes.
Excellent!
Any hobby that costs thousands of dollars just to get your foot in the door is a money pit.
You buy them now off a second hand seller may be the worst thing you could do. Event gets cancelled and you get nothing but an empty wallet.
**So what has protesting accomplished?** 👉🏾Within 10 days of sustained protests: Minneapolis bans use of choke holds. 👉🏾Charges are upgraded against Officer Chauvin, and his accomplices are arrested and charged. 👉🏾Dallas adopts a "duty to intervene" rule that requires officers to stop other cops who are engaging in inappropriate use of force. 👉🏾New Jersey’s attorney general said the state will update its use-of-force guidelines for the first time in two decades. 👉🏾In Maryland, a bipartisan work group of state lawmakers announced a police reform work group. 👉🏾Los Angeles City Council introduces motion to reduce LAPD’s $1.8 billion operating budget. 👉🏾MBTA in Boston agrees to stop using public buses to transport police officers to protests. 👉🏾Police brutality captured on cameras leads to near-immediate suspensions and firings of officers in several cities (i.e., Buffalo, Ft. Lauderdale). 👉🏾Monuments celebrating confederates are removed in cities in Virginia, Alabama, and other states. 👉🏾Street in front of the White House is renamed "Black Lives Matter Plaza.” Military forces begin to withdraw from D.C. **Then, there's all the other stuff that's hard to measure:** 💓The really difficult public and private conversations that are happening about race and privilege. 💓The realizations some white people are coming to about racism and the role of policing in this country. 💓The self-reflection. 💓The internal battles exploding within organizations over issues that have been simmering or ignored for a long time. Some organizations will end as a result, others will be forever changed or replaced with something stronger and fairer. **Globally:** 🌎 Protests against racial inequality sparked by the police killing of George Floyd are taking place all over the world. 🌎 Rallies and memorials have been held in cities across Europe, as well as in Mexico, Canada, Brazil, Australia, and New Zealand. 🌎 As the US contends with its second week of protests, issues of racism, police brutality, and oppression have been brought to light across the globe. 🌎 People all over the world understand that their own fights for human rights, for equality and fairness, will become so much more difficult to win if we are going to lose America as the place where 'I have a dream' is a real and universal political program," Wolfgang Ischinger, a former German ambassador to the US, told the New Yorker. 🌎 In France, protesters marched holding signs that said "I can't breathe" to signify both the words of Floyd, and the last words of Adama Traoré, a 24-year-old black man who was subdued by police officers and gasped the sentence before he died outside Paris in 2016. 🌎 Cities across Europe have come together after the death of George Floyd: ✊🏽 In Amsterdam, an estimated 10,000 people filled the Dam square on Monday, holding signs and shouting popular chants like "Black lives matter," and "No justice, no peace." ✊🏽 In Germany, people gathered in multiple locations throughout Berlin to demand justice for Floyd and fight against police brutality. ✊🏾 A mural dedicated to Floyd was also spray-painted on a stretch of wall in Berlin that once divided the German capital during the Cold War. ✊🏿 In Ireland, protesters held a peaceful demonstration outside of Belfast City Hall, and others gathered outside of the US embassy in Dublin. ✊🏿In Italy, protesters gathered and marched with signs that said "Stop killing black people," "Say his name," and "We will not be silent." ✊🏾 In Spain, people gathered to march and hold up signs throughout Barcelona and Madrid. ✊🏾 In Athens, Greece, protesters took to the streets to collectively hold up a sign that read "I can't breathe." ✊🏾 In Brussels, protesters were seen sitting in a peaceful demonstration in front of an opera house in the center of the city. ✊🏾In Denmark, protesters were heard chanting "No justice, no peace!" throughout the streets of Copenhagen, while others gathered outside the US embassy. ✊🏾 In Canada, protesters were also grieving for Regis Korchinski-Paquet, a 29-year-old black woman who died on Wednesday after falling from her balcony during a police investigation at her building. ✊🏾 And in New Zealand, roughly 2,000 people marched to the US embassy in Auckland, chanting and carrying signs demanding justice. 💐 Memorials have been built for Floyd around the world, too. In Mexico City, portraits of him were hung outside the US embassy with roses, candles, and signs. 💐 In Poland, candles and flowers were laid out next to photos of Floyd outside the US consulate. 💐 And in Syria, two artists created a mural depicting Floyd in the northwestern town of Binnish, "on a wall destroyed by military planes." Before the assassination of George Floyd some of you were able to say whatever the hell you wanted and the world didn't say anything to you... THERE HAS BEEN A SHIFT, AN AWAKENING...MANY OF YOU ARE BEING EXPOSED FOR WHO YOU REALLY ARE. #readthatagain Don't wake up tomorrow on the wrong side of this issue. Its not to late to SAY, "maybe I need to look at this from a different perspective. Maybe I don't know what its like to be Black in America... Maybe, just maybe, I have been taught wrong." There is still so much work to be done. It's been a really dark, raw week. This could still end badly. But all we can do is keep doing the work. Keep protesting. WE ARE NOT TRYING TO START A RACE WAR; WE ARE PROTESTING TO END IT, PEACEFULLY. How beautiful is that? ALL LIVES CANNOT MATTER UNTIL YOU INCLUDE BLACK LIVES. YOU CANNOT SAY 'ALL LIVES MATTER' WHEN YOU DO NOTHING TO STOP SYSTEMIC RACISM &amp; POLICE BRUTALITY. YOU CANNOT SAY 'ALL LIVES MATTER' WHEN BLACK PEOPLE ARE DYING AND ALL YOU COMPLAIN ABOUT IS THE LOOTING. YOU CANNOT SAY 'ALL LIVES MATTER' WHEN YOU ALLOW CHILDREN TO BE CAGED, VETERANS TO GO HOMELESS, AND POOR FAMILIES TO GO HUNGRY &amp; LOSE THEIR HEALTH INSURANCE. DO ALL LIVES MATTER? YES. BUT RIGHT NOW, ONLY BLACK LIVES ARE BEING TARGETED, JAILED, AND KILLED EN MASSE- SO THAT'S WHO WE'RE FOCUSING ON. **🖤🖤🖤BLACK LIVES MATTER🖤🖤🖤**
Basically every post on this sub is this in one form or another.
What an insane match.
Just like his SW prequel cut. He screened it to some friends. Then he snapped the disc. So it only exists on his computer.
Sounded like the reviews was just Kristian on a 3 way call with Reilly and another person. But who knows. They really should have a small argument time section before it goes into official challenge mode. Where both sides can make a small argument.
Did the Joker from Batman 1989 kill her?
I remember this one from a few years ago. Almost like he's the OG Karen.
The justice will be him bawling at his sentencing.
This is the person that is responsible for making the decision of whether she's scared for her life or not with a finger on the trigger pointing the gun at a young black kid. Do you trust that she'll feel safe enough not to pull that trigger? Please resign.
Well it's them and the media. And they all had a huge incentive to beat Bernie. Beating Trump, not so much. He's great for their fundraising (Pelosi has said this) and he's great for ratings on TV (CBS CEO has said "he may be bad for the country but he's great for ratings.").
The guy really wants marijuana to be legalized.
Most exciting: Playing Halo CE at a LAN party. Blood Gulch CTF Score 2-2. Back and forth game. Both teams grabbed the last flag at the same time and each had a full warthog. Driver, flag carrier, and gunner. (We had a rule that you couldn't drive if you held the flag. You could in Halo CE originally) I'm hanging out in the middle of the map trying to assist the flag crew as they left the base and started driving back to our base. When I hear that our flag was grabbed as well. I turn around to try and pick them off. I have a pistol and assault rifle. No grenades. I run across the hill in the the very middle of the map to get a better view of the enemy hog. See the rocket launcher just spawned! I head to grab it, as they fly over the hill to my right and towards their base. I pick up the rocket launcher aim about 40 yards to the right of the warthog and fire with a prayer. IT CONNECTS! The house erupts with cheers and curses. I walk over to return the flag and my team makes it back to the base and we win.
That is amazing holy shit.
I think people are underestimating MM. He's a damn good coach and I think he'll have some pretty good success in that division.
He's a method actor.
Nice!
We do this because we have cats and we don't want to accidentally lock them in a room.
