https://support.audio4fun.com/tutorials/av-voice-changer-software-products/av-voizgame/876-how-to-talk-like-traxex-the-drow-ranger-in-warcraft-iii-with-av-voizgame Seems to be some fanart made for drow ranger in dota
The game was rigged from the start
Christmas theory?
So the warfront armor?
Doesnt really fix dead classes
Apparently this is from mists
Good god this should be in hearthstone
I did this to my party members with the disease warp touch as a disease cleric. 5% chance to die iirc or have horrific mutations. Druid got medusa eyes. Psion got horns. A cohort became super tall. I also created horrificly mutated super bees. We're talking 6 tentacles for legs and have an intelligence of 5. Also big fuckers with orange fuzz.
That is also very smart. It's disappointing how they scrap loved systems every expansion. They should re-do garrisons to be a long-term goal something like guild halls with slow buildup that can take months. But don't make them too good that you never go outside them. Instead of daily herb/mining gains perhaps weekly. No AH in your guild hall either.
Uh you fucked up there. 8.2 is Nazjatar, and Mechagon. Both of them and Mechagon will be a zone too.
A cuban guy who put fire ants into puppies orifices was arrested even though animal cruelty laws don't exist. He was adopting animals from animal societies in cuba and got caught because they had a picture of him when he adopted the animal. Theory is he got arrested on castro era sexual deviancy laws. also the animal rights groups are now using this to try and get animal rights laws passed because there is no such thing as animal cruelty laws in cuba.
Wrath of the lich king was fucking great
Dragon quest 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Chrono Trigger.
8.1 is in a week. Battle of Dazar alor releases January 22nd, Turn back until 8.3 when they get their shit together
What does season even mean?
OH GOD HES FILMING ME THIS TIME
That and he stole the power of his own loas
Oh what was their name? Oh right Ion Hazzikostas. Hired during wrath development as an encounter developer
Metrics show if they don't clickbait their videos aren't as successful
2 More stacks and I can control everything chara
Alliance delusion is at an all time high. You help the leader of the faithful once and you think there race would betray their zandalari allies. We saved their fucking loa as part of our questing experience.
Both the horde and the alliance helped the nightborne but it seems Tyrande may have been instrumental in their choice to go with the horde as an ally
It's pretty clear that both the horde and the alliance were aiding the nightborne. In the sethraks case you save their leader and then just don't do any further questing. Meanwhile horde side zandalari, sethrak and vulpera ally together in order to try and stop the return of mythrax while fighting emperor korthek.
The faithful are good two shoes.
I mean having purge squads attack sethrak and vulpera doesn't help either
He seems to have been pretty neutral having taken pity on them after seeing the exiled nigthborne becomed wither. The arcandor was a product of the nightborne and this druid working together in the past. Tyrande on the other hand hated them with a passion... for good reason mind you.
Hippity Hoppity you are now my fucking property
Tongues: EyUndahstand Fireball: Waddafukboom
It's literally just a face being made. It's not a sexual act in and of itself
The only thing that can kill WoW is WoW commiting suicide
Yes
Horizontal progression like guild wars 2 is the future of mmos i think. Invalidating all your content is an awful idea.
Because it was meant to make fun of actors who really go into their role and go crazy with it like living on the streets for a month or some shit. Also it's joked about constantly that they could have just hired a black actor
The entire human part was fucking shit
sure they do you can inject custom firmware and then install an emulator... oh wait
Trickle down from the floorboards after the revolution!
Presumably after Ghuuns death the blood trolls would have lost most of their power anyway. Nazmir was after all originally zandalari empire lands. Having a stagining area in Nazmir would be a great boon to the alliance
Why the fuck would she kill them all though? They know Zelling is an asset.
I genuinely beleive BFA is done by the B team and the A team is working on the next expansion now. There's no other explanation for how fucking low budget BfA feels compared to Legion content.
And if you go back to the homescreen it can't handle logging you backt in. And they want a diablo game on mobile? They can't even develop fucking companion apps right
Do you really think the Democrats would overturn citizens united? They benefit from it too. Like i want it to happen but i doubt either side would overturn it
Haha holy fuck what a bunch of fuck ups
CAN YOU MILK LIZARDS GREG?
Israel in a nutshell
Oh wait this is a troll look at the name
##\#FUCKDRUIDS Kingsbane with perma life-steal was fucking broken. THANK GOD ALMIGHTY I AM FREEEEEE! **Plays secret hunter**
No way to silence a 8 Damage Lifesteal weapon that returns to their hand every fucking turn. The one time i beat Kingsbane? Filled the kingsbane hands with bananas and it got milled. Using deathstalker rexxar i made an echoing king mukla and filled his hand with 4 bananas
Because maybe secret hunter is an entirely new meta based around one of the rastakhan cards promoting people to buy packs?
Considering Activision is holding the reins at blizzard its all about the fucking money
As secret hunter yes. I dont have enough minions to put on the board to do enough damage. The lifesteal monster of +8 damage ensures that. Or they all get vanished
Why would i? It's been nerfed and i ain't botherign with trying to purchase it. I no longer have to care
I imagine those players who've played every week also just so happened to spend a lot of money on the cash shop. But guess what? It's probably still cheaper than a mmo subscription
The zul'jin one thats all spells? Isn't that secret hunter?
Damn that's all it takes to be one of the most dangerous countries?
We already have semi-confirmation that the barrens and silvermoon are going to be warfronts. I beleive the exodar as well
I didn't realize calling an otter thicc was racist
Void corrupting wild life is far worse thsn using blood to animate golems
People get upset about getting ganked by a 40 man raid after instantly getting off a flight point? what a surprise
21 and Single White Male... -Shy -Smart -Young at Heart -Computer skilled -Humorous -A great thinker and go-getter -"Natural salesperson" - Enjoys good parts of life -Diplomatic -Friendly -Loves his family -Peaceful -Very creative - _He's lonely_ ...Seeking a CUTE 18-21 SINGLE ♀FEMALE♀ COMPANION *18-21 years of age *does _not_ already have a boyfriend *Single -Average to Slender Weight/Body Type -White -Lives in Charolettesville or Ruckersville area *Does NOT Smoke or Drink Alcohol -Happy, Positive Personality *Average/High Income -Drives a vehicle
21 and Single White Male... -Shy -Smart -Young at Heart -Computer skilled -Humorous -A great thinker and go-getter -"Natural salesperson" - Enjoys good parts of life -Diplomatic -Friendly -Loves his family -Peaceful -Very creative - _He's lonely_ ...Seeking a CUTE 18-21 SINGLE ♀FEMALE♀ COMPANION *18-21 years of age *does _not_ already have a boyfriend *Single -Average to Slender Weight/Body Type -White -Lives in Charolettesville or Ruckersville area *Does NOT Smoke or Drink Alcohol -Happy, Positive Personality *Average/High Income -Drives a vehicle
The mob scaling in pandaria is fucked too. There are monkeys in Kun-lai that are for some reason boss level monsters that kill you with snowballs. A lot of the time i have difficulties soloing quest mobs too. Draenor and Pandaria are fucked beyond beleif
I like open world player versus player not farm the flight point "player vs 40 man raid of assholes taking down someone who cant fight back". Sure is brave killing people getting off a flight point
He is not gainfully employed. The one time he was he got fired for making a kid cry after trying to do a donald the duck impression.
It says "And to all MEN with girlfriends. except marrieds and blacks, go jump off a cliff! Have a nice day :)"
He wants all men with girlfriends to jump off a cliff and die so he can get a girlfriend. Since he's racist he has no interest in black people.
Their drying up! Meanwhile red dead redemption and spiderman were some of the best selling games of all time. What you mean to say is the industrial levels of cash flowing from whales for scummy money transaction games are the teats they want to milk for cash money rather than blockbusters.
Perfect place to start my pokemon adventure
That's because it's 100% staged
The mogu are zuls allies
Rip cairne
They did it so that war mode would stop having unbalanced shards
40 people in a group was unbalancing shards
I can always protest the predatory online by not playing it or purchasing any microtransactions while still enjoying the incredible single player experience
That was a collector's edition that wasn't a pre-order bonus
This is really a lost art for Blizz it seems. Dungeons are mostly just linear hallways
Would it hurt to do one mega-dungeon an expansion? It makes the world seem so much more real. Karazhan was a better example i guess for you because it's just a vertical tower so as long as you go up you reach the top .
I fucking hate the iron horde aesthetic save for their navy and the iron stars. Everything else can go eat a dick. I want the warcraft 3 style orc housing back like they have in that horde base in stormsong. Orgrimmar is just an ultra-fortress now. It used to be a fortress but still it looked... homier
Oh shit! Then mechagon might actually be really cool. I was imagining a linear hallway through the grand palace it would have been "Fun"
They balanced the shards and apparently this is the fucking result
30 years older Kaz you can see her hair is gray
Fucking tumblr noses always a different color
I mean i see nothing wrong with purchasing a collector's edition as long as you know what you are getting into. Also giving the nylon bag instead of canvas was false advertising
Probably will be easier once you get all your champions to legendary and fully outfitted with gear
Why the fuck do all these statues have sylvanas in a bikini
She's never worn just a bikini
As if soccer and football games are creative ahahahaha
[Well i sure as shit wouldn't expect a funko pop to look as good as this](https://images.goodsmile.info/cgm/images/product/20160524/5694/39176/large/55214dee2dbe73d545001f6a07a81690.jpg)
He's possessed by a banshee
Just make a herbal alchemy alt and farm in drustvar. You could make bank. On my server the items are going 20k. Area 52
I hope malygos goes hall of fame. i fucking hate all the otks with him. Same with that fucking sit back and do nothing priest deck that just waits until it can get 2 velens and mindblasts you to hell.
Secret plan is really fun i've got to say. I'm sad that wandering monster will be gone it's one of the best secrets ever. So great having something to block attacks to the face.
Spellhunter into spirit of the frog is the best thing ever.
It absorbed all the spirit
It just happened. They dont explain the mechanics of it.
I play 4-5 hours twice weekly with an awesome gm we've only ever missed a few weeks in the year like 2 or 3. For the past 3 years. It is blessed. We have completed 4 campaigns. We're playing 2 campaigns every other week. Most of the time is actual rp and politics. Especially the one he said would be a war campaign... lots of politics. One of them is a combination of all 4 prior ones with all of our characters running around with their own plots all the while through 3 of the campaigns we had a combining thread of these horrific flesh abominations in the underdark. Yeah it turned out they were serving an ancient imprisoned goddess of Flesh. One of my previous characters is actually interested in studying her because he learned of the existence of her and her kin which are all manmade gods and he wishes to ascend to divinity. The other campaign is a Chrono Trigger inspired one and I must admit it's my favorite so far. He absolutely captures the spirit of the time travel.
I play 4-5 hours twice a week. We actually spend more time with rp than combat a lot of the time. This is also with parties that usually are on the neutral to evil on alignment.
Playing the same character every time sounds boring as fuuuck.
You have perfectly captured my D&amp;D Character that became an eldritch abomination trapped beyond time and space. I am in awe.
How many weeks does it take to get off the sauce. I'm a soft drink addict and get headaches if i don't have any caffeinated pop.
To me they look like the screaming souls of millions trapped within the flesh gods form. She will consume everything. EVERY ONE. NOTHING WILL BE LEFT
That was final fantasy 4 music i'll have you know... I think it was 4.
I won't have to face 5 warriors in a fucking row? THANK CHRIST
So uh why the fuck is no one pointing out that in Xcom 2 they aren't trying to exterminate the humans? They are actually processing them to create perfect bodies for the Alien Overlord race who are facing a decay in their bodies and genomes due to their massive psionic might? If they wanted to destroy the earth they could have long ago.
How long until loss?
I knew it would happen
Fixed a bug that made every boss Gobbles in Monster Run... OOPS
THINK OF ALL THAT CARD DRAW
Yo, how the fuck is 6 C tier?
I mean if you make a game that appeals to the largest population on earth surprisingly they might purchase it
I'm including china.
I hope your graphics card isnt dying
Will be soon.
I thought his little brother was caddyshack?
*Squelching noise*
What did you do?
Does reincarnate change your mental stats now? It should only change physical or atleast that makes the most sense
I missed that... that makes no sense. Why would you suddenly be able to speak giant after being born in a different body. 3.5 reincarnate makes so much more sense
Bow to the KING IN DA NORF
But losing your languages seems to make no sense. Like... it's just supposed to revive you in a new body. It shouldn't suddenly have you learn a language you never knew and lose ones you spoke. It's like your suddenly playing a different character with a new mind
It helps to have a self presrrvation instinct
Alliance arent made to be evil bad guys so no
I liked it in vanilla when it was legit morally grey
He man and the masters of the mandate of heaven
It's what keeps me wanting to get through the week.
Even worse
Because it was supposed to be the Quillboar that attacked and devestated the town
They changed it from quillboar to the horde
Really quillboar as a threat doesn't even make sense. I don't know what the hell they were thinking. Especially because they are supposed to be a kalimdor threat
A voice from the ether speaks "Thin your paints with a drop or two of water on the palette and apply two thin coats"
And Larian is the epitome of Kickstarter success they are a company that was not beholden to a publisher and made incredible work
In bird culture this is considered a dick move
He's probably playing pogo rogue
This is what made 4chan go mainstream with project chanology the scientology protests with the vendetta masks.
4chan still does good things. The only issue is /pol/ spreads so much hate and vitriol it blocks out sight from the great things they make. 4chan has always been a place that valued free speech(main reason for the hate of scientology) and the expression of ideas and those ideas being debated on their merit not who said them. But /pol/ has always been known as neo-nazi hellhole and a containment board of sorts. /x/ is responsible for the SCP foundation /tg/ and /quest/ are always a beacon of creativity and imagination Oh and fuck /v/ that place is shit.
I wonder... what could be causing this strange lighting is it that enormous GLOWING GIANT? PERHAPS? NO! IT IS THE CHILDREN WHO ARE WRONG
A cruel naaru's thesis... ZAAA MMMMM KOKU
China has so much clout just because it has so many potential customers its really incredible.
That looks more like a Yuan-ti than a lizardfolk to me.
Banjo is in smash! I sleep. GANONDORF IS BACK IN THE BREATH OF THE WILD SEQUEL I WAKE!
RIP
SMOKEY!
Demise reincarnated into ganondorf
I think he meant hte bracelet on the glowy spectral hand. But it's 100% ganondorf he's wearing clothing with gerudo symbols on it. The pedestal he is on has the gerudo symbol. The painting on the wall was of ganondorf. The energy seeping out of him is the malice of ganondorf. He has ganondorfs head gem. He has red hair. All the shiekah we have seen have white hair.
What a piece of shit
Police unions got too much fucking power and are far too willing to defend any cop even if they commit crimes against humanity
But they don't get due process... the whole system is fucked. AGs know if they start prosecuting cops the cops will start working against them.
Gamefreak: Yo we got a new ~~gimmick~~ mechanic and it's AMAZING GUYS! Gamefreak: You can make your pokemon giant with a button. Audience: Uhhhh.... that seems kinda lazy Gamefreak: No it's super original guys i swear
The salt mines also coincide with the imagination mining industry
... Is this a fucking joke? Games in 1990 had diagonal fucking movement. Multiple ds games had diagonal movement
Have you ever heard of a game on the SNES called chrono trigger? It released in 1994 and had diagonal movement
Nintendo "What the fuck is an online service and why would the children want to play online?"
Game Freak is a small indie company much like Blizzard Entertainment
Welcome to the World of Warcraft lifestyle. We're going to trash all the awesome shit we did last expansion and put in a shittier version of that mechanic.
Dragon Quest is a series that is renowned for its turn-based combat being pretty much unchanged and it's the granddaddy of all jrpgs. They still innovate with new ideas but theres no like major gimmicks. Dragon Quest as a series is unchanging but even thought the core gameplay is unchanged the series feels fresh.
And if you dont pay all your pokemon get deleted. Pokemon Grave more-like
Square for the love of god give us more Dragon Quest games
Once upon a midnight dreary, while Strahd pondered, weak and weary, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore— While he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As if some one gently rapping, rapping at his chamber door. “’Tis some visitor,” he muttered, “tapping at my chamber door— Only this and nothing more.” Open here he flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter, In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of yore; Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he; But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above his chamber door— Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above his chamber door— Perched, and sat, and nothing more. Then this ebony bird beguiling his sad fancy into smiling, By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore, “Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou,” I said, “art sure no craven, Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly shore— Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night’s Plutonian shore!” Quoth the Raven “Bitch.”
China is great at thievery
Once that thing builds the dyson sphere will be properly anchored
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick &amp; Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existential catchphrase "Wubba Lubba Dub Dub," which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂 And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick &amp; Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid 😎 Edit: https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/to-be-fair-you-have-to-have-a-very-high-iq-to-understand-rick-and-morty
Fuck... why didnt i think to check if there were any of my main species pops to enforce the law
Dark filter was a huge meme for a couple of months to make cool screenshots.
Why have you dug up this horrific meme. YOUVE DOOMED US ALL TO COUNTLESS DARK FILTER POSTS
Breath of the wild was clearly ghibli inspired straight out of Laputa Castle in the sky... WAIT A GOD DAMN MINUTE
It's actually really easy to contain ebola in a first world nation. Since it only spreads from body secretions and isn't airborne.
Have them slowly turn into mindglayers and if they are on too long you cant take em off
Nigeria not the usa.
Hopefully antivaxxers dont start killing the medical workers
/tg/ loves dnd you just get the contrarians who are like it's a shit system or just trolling.
Everyone involved got fired and now management is pushing Xbox exclusives to PC. Truly the failure of the Xbox One launch was the best thing to ever happen to gaming
I think i can agree with PETA for once. This is animal abuse
Fucking phone typos
Also here's a secret: There's a stargate to another continent called aeuroria almost no one on the continent of aendura has ever gone too. My other clone is there because it actually goes to the ancestral homeland of his people.
Kudos to enthusiasts who buy so many dice but i just can't imagine having all these fancy dice sets. Let alone one designed for a single spell.
Yo who put caltrops in my drink?
"Heres a magic ring. Go have an adventure to destroy it" when you break it down its a bunch of guys getting chased to a mountain. You are the dense one. Sticker star had 0 dialogue not even from bowser
Is salsa normally spicy? Live in michigan. I make my own chili oil only my dad as nd me eat spicy food. Stas ying with My grandmother for college and she loves bland as fuck food and thinks boiled ribs are amazing. I miss my dads cooking *sob*
I prefer save or dies myself
I mean Dragon Quest ain't a bad choice considering it inspired final fantasy haha
Japanese developers will cater to the Japanese dingus
That's your stupid fucking opinion. The Dragon Quest hero is the godfather of all JRPGs.
Only one of the dragon quest games wasn't on a nintendo system. LITERALLY ONE. Until they remade it
YOU HAVE MY AXES OF EVIL
Then you find out the plot twist what a sonuva bitch
dark magic is void magic. Good magic is light magic. Technically neither are good or evil as they are fighting to control the universe
I thought i heard an omae mo wo shinderou in there.
They had that opportunity it was the 2015 Iran Deal. Trump said it was shit and canned it because it was Obama's administration that made it he wants to make his "own" Iran Deal
There was literally no proof UN inspectors disagreed with the claim they broke the agreement. It's the same thing with this oil tanker business trump is pushing to put Iran into a position so he can claim war
Wondrous Memeball. 100% pick
IT IS KNOWN
They still only have 150 people at Game Freak. They have the largest media franchise in the fucking world. The models were already rigged and made by another company for X and Y. All they had to do was animate them and form what we've already seen its still the same battle animations as Sun and Moon. Hop up in the air slam a png fist on it and done! Look at pokemon battle revolution for some real god damn animations wasn't made by game freak either.
I'm all for cybernetic modification. Genetic modification if only limited to the rich and elite will lead to a genetically superior race of elites to rule over the plebs.
Sadly michigan won't get fixed till after the 2020 census but voters took the power from the GOP
I mean you can definitely split the party if the gm plans on it. Hell for the first quarter of one campaign our party only met up a couple of times to do stuff. &amp;#x200B; Also political shit seperating us as we were tribal leaders and shit
Not anymore
Why the hell are the dynamax models all new?
I'm just gonna go on an rp server with a friend. I miss the days when the horde wasn't 100% the evil faction. There was a legit moral grayness
Minor factions no longer get fucked in autoresolve
It wasn't evil until Garrosh and Sylvanas
She wasn't the warchief and had unlimited power
I thought the guy streaming was an e-sports narrator lol
Dance stdio was promised 12 years ago dude. Lol
Strawberry man Like a strawberry milkshake
I got a rom with orchestral added. Glad that it was a lot easier to get Symphonic on pc than it was on 3ds. Only reason i jailbroke my 3ds was for orchestral soundtracks
Yeah not having partners with a personality really makes a dragon quest feel game feel not like a dragon quest game.
Because Nozdormu is the leader of the infinite dragonflight
Ah man why'd ya have to cut the post number out?
It's part off your membership agreement. So they can just cancel you at anytime for violating the agreement.
Dey be cool mon they got dat green herb dey sell me.
SAVE IT AS A .PNG PEOPLE
Or hes referring to the light itself
That's so extremely vague it could apply to anything. Turning the tide could mean a lot of things
The waifu wars, begun they have!
LEO satellites make me a lot more comfortable than the others for sure. Also... better response time!
You misspelled waifu in the title good god
The weebs have invaded oh god
Are you trying to say we aren't getting Total War Warhammer 40k? BY THE EMPEROR WHAT HERESY! *BLAM BLAM*
How the hell is this clusterfuck not on /r/drama or /r/subredditdrama yet
Honestly i disagree with all the assholes getting pissy over banning nsfw mods. I used to support gamergate... well the 1st year then it slowly descended to becoming alt-right and just hating EVERYTHING. We've got a bunch of reactionaries going nuts right now. I imagine there's going to be an alt-right total war subreddit made soon now. Because SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIOR MODS are WHITE KNIGHTING. Also screaming censorship. It's just like gamergate. I mean Grace's reaction is a bit reactionary as well but man people are really getting pissed over bikini armor lol
This happened https://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/c29pbd/meanwhile_in_korea/
NSFW but it's just to explain the controversy mods https://imgur.com/fZ8RYrS Here's the actual post that upset Grace. It was titled "WHERE IS THE HALF-NAKED SUN REN" "here is the half-naked sun ren" Found the image off of the 4chan /vg/ board
I kind of want the Dark Filter posts back now.
Check my post history i found a compilation of what started the drama from 4chans /vg/ board
https://i.redd.it/twgkqbi4t2mz.jpg Like so
Sexy khalida is definitely a thing. But fyi the mods came from korea
They are getting new plastic models this was announced like... last year? They said 2019 Emperor Willing.
That was a false thing put out by stormfront nazis to say that CA was replacing all the roman generals with women. Totalwar actually playing the game knew otherwise.
Who needs female space marines when you got these badasses
If a druid loses a limb during wildshape the severed limb stays severed as the same form it was from. This happened to my master of many forms wildshaping ranger. Since he was in cave troll form and his arm was wasn't fit for a medium sized humanoid. The cleric used surgery and reattached it. Permanently has one arm bigger than the other in all forms. Later we replaced his heart with the heart of a half-dragon manticore after doing surgery while he was in troll form. Made all his wildshape forms half-dragon. Feel sorry for the people that meet him now though. He's been cursed to kill people in their sleep if everyone around him is asleep. It never became a problem to us because one of the party members never had to sleep.
Sisters of Battle aren't even geneticall yoked supersoldiers and they still fight the same shit Space Marines do if anything it's more impressive.
Well we're gonna need to have this carbon sequestration shit going if we want to fix the atmosphere so it doesn't hurt to have the technology developed while we get the renewable power to power such systems.
If gods omnipotent why doesn't he just stop satan from doing anything at all then?
Until you realize hp is just meat points after the barb survives falling on his head from orbit
I play with a group entirely on the west coast from 9pm est to 1 or 2 am est. One time on the final session of a campaign it was 5am. The only thing that stops us from playing is the san fran guy getting a wild random encounter like a bitcoin miner blowing a substation and losing power for 2 days.
Blackwing spire? I am sure that some Nefarious lord is up to no good there.
Offered to run a campaign/one shot for DM. Not sure if he'll take it up. We've been running 3 years bi-weekly. Through 8 campaigns. 7 of which are combining into one big final campaign where all of our characters are fighting a god of flesh thats breaking out of its prison.
We managed to get through a simulator that was part of a terraforming god golems mind. Full of horrific abominations we had about 10 close calls in which we almost died. But the real reason we were there which we had forgotten due to simulator amnesia was to clone ourselves and some artifacts. Everyone who escaped got cloned about 5 times. The bone knight who was chosen by his goddess to be a vessel for an atropal that grew up was cloned 7 times and became horsemens of death. Still not sure who built the god golem or why. Shit the god golem bit is ooc knowledge.
One of the main reaons we survived was because two of the party members were necromancers and we stitched together abominations to fight for us. Also had to stitch ourselves back together from critical condition. Our best creation was a Purple Worm modified with a severed red Dragons head. Then we used a bunch of stone statues turned to flesh(Stone to flesh_ and lots of bones. It also helped i accidentally cloned my mind into the purple worm because when I was in the simulation i got swallowed by a frog with a dimensional stomach to hell. I was magic jar'd into the purple worm using it as a giant undead mecha. Gave the worm arms so i could cast spells and cast banishment on myself. The frog turned inside out and my mind was now cloned into the worm but i was still me. Oh and the worm now had the dimensional stomach That's when we went ham and gave the Purple worm 8 legs. We also had the bone knight craft bone armor for it that turned out to be mastercrafted. Gargantuan sized undead monstrosity that was then spellstitched so it could cast some select spells a couple times a day. These being Animate Undead. Awaken undead and i forget the others right now. Regardless it was a horrific abomination that we rode into battle with. Then when we escaped the simulation the undead abomination became my normal form but his shadow was the abomination. Havn't played the character since but every party member from that campaign and their clones have shown up in almost every other campaign since doing shit behind the scenes. Oh and we filled the abominations stomach with black sand a substance that constantly exudes negative energy and if you die in it you turn to black sand yourself. The purple worm ate tons and tons of creatures. It's a living engine of destruction and negative energy so it self healing and nigh unstoppable.
3.5 does necromancers right. Also if your gm allows homebrew abominations... hooo boy. [The Bookwyrm](https://i.imgur.com/9viVuBC.jpg) Purple Worm + Colossal Dragonhead + Lots of Bones and flesh
Yeah xp was based on the value of the treasure you attained. Which is also why barbarians could break magic items and get even MORE xp.
Rocket explodes... Fuck
In a lot of asian cultures lighter skin is considered more beautiful simply because it's a social status thing. Dark Skin = You work outside and are tanned. Light Skin = Rich you get to sit inside all day. It's why you might notice pictures of women in asia with umbrellas on a sunny day. It used to be the case for westerners until Rich people started taking vacations to sunny places and getting tanned. After that tans became a status symbol.
*Godfrey intensifies*
It's 100% uldum. The warlock villain who is a mummy Tol'vir in dalaran heist straight up opens with Rafaam saying to him "If everything you told me is true you are very important to our plans"
When are we finally getting partnership certificates in Johto?
Wait is disintegrate a reflex save now? It was a fortitude in 3.5
Kil'jaeden was technically 2 patches.
Weird... That really makes disintegrate a loooot stronger i imagne.
You see... we made new models and had to use them somewhere
Well illusions are great.
Pretty sure you get a reflex save even when flat-footed just denied dex bonus. Hell even when pinned you are only denied dex.
If thats the case in 5e that sucks hard. In 3.5 you are only denied a reflex save if immobilized
Little late on mindblast
This is some real cringe.
If you read the conditions none of them deny a reflex save
This has to be a joke/satire.
Moley diver you've been down too long in the midnight soil.
So is this a jumping puzzle? They are my favorite part of GW2
Titan stuff is my favorite aesthetic. Ulduar is pretty much tied with icecown citadel for best raid ever imo.
The mounts in gw2 are the best way mount movement have ever been done. By gawd as my witness.
Tokyo Drifting beetles is the best thing ever
Chaotic Evil just never works. Lawful Evil and Neutral Evil are easily doable though.
My first character Booka was a neutral evil Asherati archivist. He absolutely is self serving everyone else were just pawns to his greater goals. But he works to please others as he needs allies to achieve his goals that being to obtain knowledge lost to the ages. He seeks the truth and power in knowledge. I would think he was Neutral Evil as everything he does is calculated. But yeah you are right when pushed neutral evil can be terrifying. Book was pushed to act once in our 2nd campaign. We were stuck on a floating continent that was also inside a simulation in an ancient artifact called the "Gemini Circuit". He was working with a priest of the Death Goddess Aku and a bone knight of Aku. The bone knight was the problem. [He was extremely zealous and was constantly threatening Booka.](https://imgur.com/a/a30yasI) It didn't help that Charon had also been chosen by his goddess to contain a fully grown atropal. It had been imprisoned on the floating continent and it would now be contained within the bone body of charon. On the island was a portal to the "astral observatory" a observatory in the astral sea. The observatory was taken over by a powerful being an "outer god". We had fucked up one of its experiments(fusing a balor and a archon together) trying to save our asses and now the outer god was pissed. Booka realized he could offer the outer god something else to observe. Booka offered him Charon for observation and Charon would have no say in this. Charon was then split apart layer by layer by the outer god and observed down to the atom. He experienced thousands of years of torture in a single instant. Charon had no recollection of who he was other than that he served Aku and Booka told him that he was his friend. IIRC he also had permanent intelligence damage due to the incident. Cedric went along with it because Booka and Cedric had become somewhat close due to the extenuating circumstances of constantly facing death and facing adversity together. I actually had another contingency in place where I cast mind spiders on Charon and used it to implant a suggestion in the head of the Atropal within him to escape. It almost did at one point as it started pulling itself out of his chest using the chains that bound it that Charon was using to try and pull an abomination into him. But yeah the whole Gemini circuit was being used by the Goddess Aku to create a clone army of her son Cedric and clone army of Charons. As it is actually capable of cloning shit via multiple "simulations". Booka was interested in using it as he wanted an Artifact. Yeah came out if with 5 Bookas. 5 Cedrics. The charons looked at the Bookah i had played and were all glaring because they knew there was something wrong with that Charon. One of the charons had bone armor carved out of a Booka actually. But that was of no concern to the Bookas. Especially now that they knew from an ancient elf cursed with immortality imprisoned within the circuit that there were man made gods. The council of Booka would combine their collective intellects and seek out the secret to mortal Apotheosis. After all the only person he can trust is himself. Mind you this was an entirely evil campaign. But the one prior I had been working with a lawful good bugbear and a chaotic good rogue.
Just saying the embodiment of chaotic evil are demons. The embodiment of neutral evil are Yugoloths and they usually act as mercenaries.
There are no cinematic's that can even equal how fucking amazing the legion cinematic's were.
Yeah and they murder a fuck ton of people and enslave everyone else.
The faction imbalance must be corrected!
My GM has done an insaaaane amount of world building he has the timeline and nations all setup like 7,000 years into the future (5 distinct eras). We've been playing 3 years and this is all standard for us. Right now we are fighting the goddess of flesh which is one of the man made gods that Booka is looking to become he's also helping fight her to study her. Took a total of 6 campaigns but we have 5 parties of played characters fighting her and her armies of flesh. Right now one another one of my characters Vrugar Stonechewer raging bull of the ashravel is bullrushing down a mountain to crush an army of flesh monstrosities that took over a mountain town. He's a 20th level Orc Half-Dragon Half-Minotaur Barbarian(The half-dragon was a recent development) and Hulking Hurler. He's blessed by the god of fire and war to be able to draw strength from those who follow him as their leader while also being able to give those who follow him his strength and will. So he can become colossal sized and gains +32 strength by drawing on those who follow him. Other party members of this party include a Catfolk turned Rakshasa Kineticist Psion who developed psionic nukes and a goblin who can jump through fire and wields a sword that grow to colossal size. Oh and we play D&amp;D 3.5. I love 3.5 the customization options are so much greater than 5e.
Dude it's totally fine that they imprison multiple generations of a family line for one of the family members having escaped the regime.
Theres a wow tabletop rpg book. Its 3.5 based but it could be interesting
For real tho fuck the police unions. We did an investigation of our police officers conduct after he was found to have accidentally recorded himself talking about how to frame an individual who was arrested. Or just straight up murdering someone who doesn't have a weapon and getting 2 months paid vacation. Every other union is cool but FUCK the police union.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRQbK4OUsk0 He has no empathy he said it himself
Safest option is jail breaking your 3ds and copying the save files and making backups. Atleast this way nintendo can't delete your pokemon.
Horrigan asked for two people to play back characters and to follow him he is racist as fuck
Horrigan was dressed as a Klansmen go fuck yourself
Oh we're so terrible getting a nazi banned abloohoo Edit: I'm not a nazi but... YOUR A BUNCH OF FASCISTS!
Dude bwl has some awesome pieces for ele shaman. The hat and mace off befarian are insaaaaane
Technically these threats could happen at anytime
Because its ultra rare. I'm glad I snagged +19 nature's wrath bracers.
Depends on your stat needs if your not running out of mana more sp is better
Grats on winning the lottery
It's because the stomps are premades
It's how it works in vampire the masquerade
What abilities allowed you to deflect magic with your sword?
&gt; mom is 63 Turns out she is 64 and she broke her arm in the fall. Guess who the asshole is now?
Grobbulus has more alliance than horde
I give the shadow priest, warlocks, and mages aggro reduction. I'm an ele shaman
Where can i find this Compendium app is it on android? Also how do i add the database?
It is 2021 all raid groups are optimized to be perfect. The only players allowed are 25 warriors 7 shamans for totem. 8 rogues. 5 disc priests for content any fucking pug group could do.
It's not a sacrifice if you dont give a shit about it
Huh wouldnt load for me. Maybe I need to try another apk. It works fine with .zips?
Do I want d&amp;d 3.5 compendium v2.3?
Grobbulus is alliance favored actually we are like 45/55 population wise in favor of alliance
Why is kindred moving to deviate delight
Weird when i post in the link it just shows downloading for 3 seconds but theres no database or anything
Grobbulus horde has uber
Its stated early in the manga
ZG released 2 months after BWL. But arguably they may pad out the release for 2-4 months in advance to keep the content flowing
3 years. Twice a week.
Oh lord the memespec can one shot a person once every 3 minutes.
I think it's because elementary mastery has infinite duration as long as you dont cast
The ele shaman
Naxx was ally centric iirc
No card game is in it's standard format
At least when horde does it we have to actually kill the marshals
It's only a base race because you can cheese the marshals. If the marshals were all leashed to the keep like the generals we wouldnt have people base racing
They get to drek in 7 minutes use a paladin to pull all the marshals jump off the waterfall and kill him in 20 seconds
I can't wait for that. I want real defensive battles where I'm summoning lok'holar
You try winning against premades it's extremely difficult with a pug
I rolled horde to rp as a tauren
I don't play AV for honor. I play AV to summon Lok'holar and theres never a long enough game for that to happen anymore
But our totems are folded over a thousand times made from the finest durotar sagebrush
The sand people actually swim through the sand leaving no footsteps but do leave a wake. The Asherati. Really cool race.
But only sand and ash. Soft earth. Their skin glows so they can see through the sand
It's magic i dont gotta explain shit
I dont understand why ally pugs just dont turtle
The 3.5 rules are in Magic of Eberron
Bols whole purpose is to find a way to become living again so she can use her mark
The altas are also dragging dal quorn back to eberron
They sure aren't my friends when they swarm me on the beaches and stab me to death
This is 2 months old btw
I had it on a train doc brown and his tin homunculi took over the train to go 88 miles per hour
My players used the super nuke on reidra and caused even more damage to the fabric of reality especially because shavarath was coterminous
Almost every raid night I've had ally are camping thorium point entrance
He was at the event
The alliance outnumber the horde. Refugees from other servers transferred to grobb and now ally outnumber the horde. Before we were like 55-45 ally/horde
This is now my headcanon for Lord of Blades army.
But Dio has Holy diver.
Tbf the recipe for a bag made with zg bloodvine drops in molten core. Also wowheads phase tracker is not fully accurate... but our theory is ya it's coming phase 5
The national bank of the mail system allows you to return a letter instantly
Aa far everyone is aware warforged might be ageless
Missing the headrune is the only thing
There is literally no reason not to get a sad prices are low and they are the biggest performance boosters available
I was running off the idea that the emerald claw stole it from the dragon bone graveyard in talenta
I suppose the question is would a dragon zombie be a threat to the draconic prophecy and argonessen
The mark of death is held by Erandis Vol it's kind of central to her character.
The rebirth of a mark on an entirely new race would have MASSIVE implications on the setting for sure. It would throw the entire dragonmarked houses in disarray. Suddenly the mark may move outside of the "family"
I have a lot of faith in shadowlands being shit
I'm liking the idea tul oreshka is influencing him perhaps her Khyber prison is the heart of the eldritch machine and its driving people to madness
I hear the lore is clusterfuck and everyone is disappointed
Alliance just need to learn to play instead of zerging.
Keith-baker.com great resource by the settings creator. Also r/eberron and the eberron discord link is there.
The skaven are among us.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQflXs0jZ9w
A+ work
The strongest iirc is supposed to be Sakkinirot the scar that abides the last child of khyber.
Coronavirus
&gt; hormones Growth hormones are illegal to use on chickens in the united states
1hr and 5 minutes
Usually they give reviewers early access to the game
It's an hour long queue. I don't care either because I play to summon lokholar. Alliance in AV are starting to play defensive just what I need to summon lok'holar.
I love winning Alterac Valley. I hated 7 minute losses now we get 20-30 minute games every time. For double the queue i get to play in av more
So what makes the horde inherently unstoppable in av when it's not a premade?
Well... 3 of these people are dealing with impeachment on top of campaigning
Dragons are known for having essentially universal dna in 3.5 due to the half dragon template
Are you telling me Khyber Crystal's could be a stand-in for Kyber Crystal's? Impossible
Oh oh my. Now I definitely see how aundair fought
I saw the magebred info on Keith's blog
Yeah it's almost like rolling in a 40 man death ball with tons of healers and aoe requires no skill
They made a system solely to prevent 40 man premades of course they will bring the hammer down buncha fucking cheaters
Does my experiences in av mean nothing when battlegrounds are cross server?
Love the condescension and hate coming from a guy named whicantwebefriends
Eagle eye/Far sight is not an issue imo. IT takes a lot of effort to do it
So what exactly is a trial quest? Is there a reward for doing them? Like if i have sherlock should i purchase the trial quest?
Enough to beat final singularity?
Heroic spirit gandhi with nuclear fists
Heroic spirit gandhi with nuclear fists
*sobs in only having one Ox-Demon King*
Just finished E Pluribus Unum from the start over the day. Trying to get to solomon so I can do gudaguda 3. Do you guys think I can do it? I'm rocking a kscope, level 80 salter, 60 sanzhang, 61 heracles, 60 mashu, 61 heracles, 55 hans, 65 saberlotand a 50 chrion. Hunting quests really helped me level my dudes. I also have a 40 cu and 45 Georgios. Against the demon god pillar I had to rely on Sanzhang, Merlin and Tamamo to heal through the aoe and chip away at him.
Before it ends. Can't even raid in Wow due to work fucking me after a guy quit. So i just have Work and FGO atm till summer classes start on the 29th
Maintenance boss is the worst
I wanted to get through camelot, babylon and soloon so i can start the event.
The age of gods had been over for so long that Poseidon was stuck in his mortal form and all of his divinity was damn near gone all he had was the grail.
I never even had parents listed. Then the GM made them leaders of two tribes in a confederacy of tribes. Also my mother was a bitch and wouldn't let me study forbidden lore. Dad was cool though. Now there are 5 clones of me and we will take our revenge on mother! Also we're becoming a god.
Holy fuck dude. Thats Cu level luck right there jfc.
Rolled 120 quarts for Izou Np5 quitting after I got him up. Last roll i got Izou np5 and Okitan. RNGesus is kind/
Some guilds welcome Enhance and Ele shams. you just gotta convince em your a member of the team that provides a lot. Threat reduction is huge for warlocks
So i got a crazy theory: Marisbury is Merlin. I feel like there's just this... sinister air about Merlin. Why did he make Artoria? Why didn't he warn her of the downfall of camelot if he knew. He also has a disdain for individuals but a love for humanity and wants to protect it. There's so much mystery around marisbury he seems to have incredible ambitions and abilities that never get realized if Marisbury can't use an uncorrupted grail to the point he abandons his own daughter. There seems to be a lot of similarities with Merlin and Marisbury in that they love humanity but disdain individuals considering merlin is a master illusionist... and they both seem to have powerful clairvoyance abilities.
Did the bots get banned?
Who dis? Never heard of weasel water
Merlin Tamamo + Whatever servant i need to hit stuff is a tried and true method for bruteforcing anything.
STELLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Chealdean Visionary Flame time boyo
Spent 150sq got Izo np5 and okitan in my last roll I was just going for Izo for boss killing. RNGesus be praised.
Oh man waver would be so nice.
Thanks for the info. I'll have to check this out.
HOLY SHIT SALTER IS GETTING A BATTERY? YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS. AND ITS 20% YES MY KSCOPE IS PLEASED
They need to do trailers like this for fucking WoW. The hearthstone marketing team is amazing.
If they are trying to help people why do they support the bad apples by not stopping them? We see it over and over again these good cops do nothing about bad cops
Yes
Funnily the horde are happy to have Cybaster. Freed us from the tyranny of Final Boss running uncoordinated shitfests on worldbosses with Final Boss not running things the Horde is finally succeeding on world bosses especially because people feel they can get loot now and raid groups roll for tag. It's fucking great
Well when you are boosting low geared shit players who just have gold...
As someone who participated a lot in world bosses seeing the strategy be steal it from the ally or totally ignore this mechanic killing the raid and telling healers to heal through it... it was just a mess. I can see why a lot of people got tired of it. I felt like the horde just couldn't do world bosses.
Final boss never rolled for tag group. Tag group was always kurthos's raid and if kurthos's raid has debuff and 2 raids didnt we had to wait 15m for kurthos raid
Well I didnt participate in drakes until weeks after their launch but I'll tell you the whole story. Lethon kurthos and heavyhoof tanking. Kurthos has a brilliant strategy make the raid eat shadowbolts instead of turning the dragon 180 degrees. we did this for over an hour of wiping until ally showed up and kicked our shit in. Then the strat turned into steal tags failed at that too. Did multiple dragons like this over the next weeks. We had a 2and raid group waiting on shore but he made them wait while our debuff dropped. So 2and raid group just left after 45 minutes of no chance at loot. Final Boss bad at mechanics.
His invincibility comes from the Achillead made years after the illiad
His invincibility comes from the Achillead made years after the illiad
By u/ClinikCase
Wotop isn't even a part of either coalition
I mean is wotop the only raid team that raids on a Wednesday? No one else raids that day?
And minotaur sex dungeons
Arizona icus at 90% capacity
If icus are normally at 90% capacity then America has some major issues
*laughs in Tiddy Monk + Merlin + Tamamo* Arts meme forever! Death is not an option
Now he has his waifs and no gf
GIVE ME ARCHER HERACLES YOU FUCKS
Tamamo exodus?
Wait till all the Merlins and wavers disappear after skadi release
I rolled on casterpickup when I started and got her and sanzhang. Feeling really lucky now. Lol Started in march
London feels like Shakespeare compared to e pluribus unum.
Merlin banner on sunday? Is that NA or jp?
Septem is so shit the weight of its shit collapsed into a black hol3
Hero creation (xxx) removes clothes
The only thing truly great from unum was Tesla and Edison teaming up to save america. I saw the flag unfurl and a bald eagle screech at that moment. For america!
Requiem is FGO 2 confirmed
Ublock origin download it!
How long till they re-open auszhwitcz for lgbt?
Mash yelling at her dad is primo shit
Agravain was amazing. Killed fucking lancelot for his king
Nani the fuck
Oh god oh fuck
For my GM "Fire the mana cannon" as he rolls a d100 and wails as we get a good result that ruins his encounter. Or there was that time I made living snowmen that can breed. Or that time i accidentally nuked a sea elf city in their central park looking for my gods leg.
No but I did kill the moon because it was a massive mind controlled genius loci tryin to crash into the planet
The one where wotop stole boss kills from coalition numbers and refused to cooperate
I played twice weekly over the internet for 4 years I am baffled
Tome of battle was the test run for 4e
10 hours later. FUCK
Sync animations are usually done by animators in their free time from what I hear
Good god dude. You got spookedd with 3 5 stars? How hard did you whale?
Damn way luckier than me. 150 sq got okita not zone and 2 li shown and 2 emiya
WHat servant are you referring to when you say Welfare Waver?
The servers will crash. They can't handle the entire server population in one zone.
Have you ever been to blackrock mountain during pvp when the entire mountain stops working for 5 minutes?
Literally WHO?
Pretty ironic because the map was leaked on 4chan a year before launch noting that it was a respawn title
What the fuck happened to the lockdown you guys had
Archbishop Benedictus is on the level of Magatha in how important they were to their faction
N-NANI? This must be the work of an alliance stand!
They were the knights of the round table. Gawain somehow ended up in south america that easy.
Hey at least most of your faction leaders aren't dead
I was legit shocked they kept jaguar warrior as is
They were space goats before they drank the fel koolaid
They said the plans for FGO after part 2 are either Plan A: Chaldea story continues Plan B: FGO 2 with a whole different story
I did this the alchemicals turned the bullywogs into females
But everything runs on magic not lightning.
Yeah but steampunks aesthethic is covering everything in gratuitous gears and bronze/copper
I don't understand why people won't just play online
It's fine enough for me. My group is across the entire us and we have played for 4 years
Whale diesel is poorly utilized for its magic properties
Archfey godmoylther making deals with aundairian nobility
This has not made them friends with the Sahaugin Lords of the deep.
*Laughs in Eberron* The races in Eberron are great. Some orcs are part of a druidic ssociety in the woods. North of them are the barbarian orcs but they are fighting demons and worship a holy flame that wards off evil. Then there's a group with dragonmarks that live in areas around the druidic orcs edges and have integrated with the nations due to their dragonmarks makiung them essentially nobility. Among the dragonmarked houses of course. Orcs were the ones to stop the invasion from the far plane and guard against it's return. Meanwhile Goblins, and Hobgoblins along with some other giant/gob related races were once part of a continent spanning empire that genetically engineered their own people into a caste system that was eventually destroyed by the far plane before it was closed by the orcs. The Sulatar Drow live in the Jungles of Xen'drik and worship a god of fire that will bathe the world in flame. They are the most advanced drow and can create fire elemental propelled sleds and are masters of elemental binding. They are the former genetically modified slaves of the giants. There's also a group of drow known as the umbragen which are the more familiar type of drow. Then there are the more tribal drow which worship the scorpion god Vulkoor. Best thing about Eberron is that there is no defined evil race. Just well defined evil organizations or morally gray organizations trying to the save the world and they might be willing to sacrifice a forsaken child to prevent the demon god of madness and shadow from being released.
Check out Eberron where none of the Orcs are evil and there are multiple different cultures of orc. Same with the drow they may be antagonistic but thats because people have plundered their cultural treasures in pursuit of gold and wealth... much like a certain real world situation....
Wasn't the issue with Tilda swinton that having an actual Tibetan would have gotten the movie banned in China? Disney aint sacrificing no funbux over a tibetan.
I usually start at level 10 because lel whos getting to level 20.
Jsut gotta have that resin water stuff
Blizzard utilizes small cloud servers that handle a single zone. Apparently they can't scale up the tech for some reason. It's why we have all the shards in retail. Each zone is a different server its why you cant far sight from orgrimmar to the barrens and see what is happening in the crossroads
You can see the mobs there with mind vision?
THIS SWORD IS A FRAGMENT OF THE SUN
Yeah nah you can't get to lostbelt 2 that fast.
Yes.
I thought i'd get camelot, babylonia and the final singularity done before gudaguda3 ended... I just finished Babylon yesterday. But i'm almost there
A soul for a soul
They do it for freeeeeeee
Do you like it, Masta?
As if the Federal Government wasn't tracking your ass anyway through PRISM. Contact Tracing is an essential part of preventing this pandemic from spiraling out of control
Those children would be upset if they could read
Really it was romneys
And refusal to keep shelter at home till virus was eliminated
Well if they were excavated what are they? Surely botani didnt worship it. They don't represent ogres and the orcs didnt make em. Also there is no resemblance to the arakkoa or the saber on. Who made them and distributed them across worlds?
The titans never even setup proper facilities on draenor. Aggramar made Grond and had to zoom off because of a distress signal from the titans.
The flesh is merely a vessel. The electrical connections were replaced.
Their homeworld blew up so...
Damn it dante
If it was black out...
It's not like we can do anything about it. It's dust in the air from the sahara desert.
It ain't racist to say that the Orcs and Taurens shamanism is native american coded. Hell the taurens hunter starting weapons are guns and you run around the starting zone fighting off invaders.
I'm just saying isn't it weird that most of the time the "evil races" tend to have a darker skin tone?
Uhhhhh the Rat People don't come from africa dude. They come from Underground. Orkz aren't black people their football hooligans. Lizardmen are totally coded to the indigenous peoples native to america though. Funnily enough the human factions are relatively small compared to the rest of the size of the world. Shit you got armies of "Forced into undeath" people down in "not egypt" that are truly immortal that will return from death whenever killed and the elves control practically a third of the world.
Reminder: All these races can be played by player characters and none of the rules state that Orcs or drow are incapable of empathy. Nor are orcs fully "CODED" to fight.
I've always seen them depicted as black as coal in art.
I'm just saying it's kinda weird that the only well known majorly evil elven race in forgotten realms are the ones with dark skin.
Seriously. Warcraft 3 was probably the first product to ever introduce orcs in a nuanced lens. That they were manipulated and corrupted by demons and that many after realizing the horrors of what they had done wanted to end the carnage, some didn't wanted more conquest, and others wanted retribution for what they did.
All this is a nuanced take on these races. They don't have to have one monolithic culture. Take for example Eberron a campaign setting in 3.5 The orcs are known by the people of Khorvaire to be savages living out in the woods. But that's the general concensus of high society focused aristocrats and scholars. In truth the Orcs are a *PRIMAL* culture They are extremely passionate and emotional and have an intense faith. This lead to many druids becoming defenders of the world. The Druids of the Eldeen Reaches are mostly orcish and have defended the world for millenia from invasion from the far plane. The Gaashkala another culture live to the north of the Eldeen Reaches in the demon wastes worshipping the Binding Flame a source of great power that binds the demons of the world to protect Eberonn and defend the world from invasions of marauders from the demon wastes. The Gaashakala do have deserters who even join the marauders and many marauders are orcs, humans and other races. Then there are the orcs of the shadow marches that live with the humans and have integrated with Khorvaire. Perhaps the most "civilized" of the Orcs. They are part of the noble house of Tharaskh and have the mark of finding. A genetic trait that allows them to be amazing detectives and searchers for Dragonshards(Magic gold!). There are also the Orcs of Drooam which are more like your forgotten realms orc. Enslavers and have warbands. They compete with the other monstrous races of Droaam for the favor of the three sisters the hag coven that rules over Droaam. There are other tribes of marauding orcs interspersed in the high peaks of Khorvaire. It's not one monolithic culture is what i'm saying. Forgotten Realms just RECENTLY introduced in 4th edition the idea of a "civilized" orc nation for their entirety they were just marauders and bandits. Just because Forgotten Realms most famous hero isn't a drow doesn't mean there can't be societies of drow that rejected Llolth and perhaps moved to the surface world or perhaps migrated far from the kingdoms of the drow to live a life outside of her influence.
The topic is D&amp;D though.
*LAUGHS IN IMPERIUM OF MAN* 10,000 years and we still can't replicate tech
Fire Code capacity is the capacity for the whole building not just the dining area.
Skaven did fuck up Lustria which is south america with their plagues
Keith Baker the setting creator said that usually they cast a divination spell to determine if it is proper. If it is weal they resurrect if woe it's a no go. Essentially it's the flame telling you if it's okay to resurrect someone
It's a trap
1. Tamamo: Her + Merlin NP spam stall has gotten me to the 1st lostbelt.
So you want to be a hero? *drops knife* Once you kill a million people you'll be a hero.
I made a gnome artificer who bakes. Bread swords, bread axe, bread bow, arrowroot arrows
Those were nerfed in of vanilla
Never read a pratchett book
Good. It was the worst fucking farm for xp imaginable. Mind numbing as fuck. I only did it for 1 level before i went back to doing quests and aoe farming mobs in dm north
Don't dragons fly faster than 30ft?
I'm sure the source book was made after the game
I'll laugh if its changed or the number of materials boosted to make an authentic classic experience
They changed lotus to make it a more authentic experience for classic so.
